Canova had a distinct, signature style in which he combined Greek and Roman art practices with early stirrings of romanticism to delve into a new path of Neoclassicism.
The premise allowed them to mix and match old and new characters and delve into the mysteries of the monoliths and alien artifacts.
The popularity he gained caused a shift in his self-perception according to critic Kate Flint, who writes that he "found himself a cultural commodity, and its circulation had passed out his control", causing him to become interested in and delve into themes of public and personal personas in the next novels.
With the development of the particle accelerator during the first half of the twentieth century, physicists began to delve deeper into the properties of subatomic particles.
In 1781, Burke was first able to delve into the issues surrounding the East India Company when he was appointed Chairman of the Commons Select Committee on East Indian Affairs—from that point until the end of the trial, India was Burke's primary concern.
His effort to build up support for KAU in Nyanza inspired Oginga Odinga, the Ker (chief) of the Luo Union (an organisation that represented members of the Luo community in East Africa) to join KAU and delve into politics.
The State Police are primarily a traffic enforcement agency, with other sections that delve into trucking safety, narcotics enforcement, and gaming oversight.
The series features Fran Lebowitz and Scorsese as they delve into her personal beliefs and thoughts on New York City.
Based loosely on several episodes of the Harry Lime radio show, it stars Welles as a billionaire who hires a man to delve into the secrets of his past.
These delve deeply into the rich and complex texture of the Universe providing a sense of verisimilitude, also exploring some of Hamilton's darker themes.
Other fringe social theorists delve into the alternative nature of research.
Following Aninut is shiva, in which the mourners delve into seven days dedicated towards remembrance of the deceased individual.
Advanced students delve into specific sectors, like the pharmaceutical industry or law enforcement, which apply methods of toxicology in their work.
Bob Stauss, the film critic for the Los Angeles Daily News gave two and a half stars, saying that the documentary goes on too long and did not delve into the "real psychological issues raised by such obsessive interest".
The 1874 version of the Revised Statutes were enacted as positive law, but the 1878 version was not and subsequent enactments of Congress were not incorporated into the official code, so that over time researchers once again had to delve through many volumes of the Statutes at Large.
In contrast to other superheroes who lacked scientific exploration of their origins, Moore sought to delve into nuclear physics and quantum physics in constructing the character of Dr. Manhattan.
Many of the X-Men's stories delve into time travel either in the sense of the team traveling through time on a mission, villains traveling through time to alter history, or certain characters traveling from the past or future in order to join the present team.
Hades, a roguelike action role-playing game, was built to strongly incorporate elements of non-linear narrative into the game, giving the reason for the player to continually delve into replaying the game, and helped to draw in players to the roguelike genre that otherwise had been put off by its high difficulty level before.
These courses delve into many essential Informix concepts, from fundamentals to advanced SQL topics.
According to reviews at Philanthropedia, "PETA paved the way for other national organizations to delve into what used to be controversial issues and are now more mainstream concerns."
Some Beat writers, such as Alan Watts, began to delve into Eastern religions such as Buddhism and Taoism.
In the 1980s, he starred as David Lander in four series of the BBC Radio 4 show Delve Special, written by Tony Sarchet, which then became the six-part Channel 4 series This is David Lander in 1988.
Instead, Klee began to delve into the "cool romanticism of abstraction".
The hostess Suzanne Delve, who later claimed to have stood for September Morn, said that models were willing to provide "service to art" by posing nude for such works.
In 1937, twenty-four years after September Morn caused controversy in the United States, the Parisian hostess Suzanne Delve declared that she had been the model.
In the early 1930s, Cowell began to delve seriously into aleatoric procedures, creating opportunities for performers to determine primary elements of a score's realization.
In 1997, Fennesz released his debut full-length album Hotel Paral.lel, which saw him delve more explicitly into laptop production and early glitch aesthetics.
The cast included Jonathan Pryce (after much persuasion) as Fagin, Sally Dexter as Nancy, Miles Anderson as Bill Sikes, James Villiers as Mr. Brownlow, James Saxon as Mr. Bumble, Jenny Galloway as Widow Corney, David Delve as Mr. Sowerberry and Julia Deakin as Mrs. Sowerberry.
Current scientists also use coral reefs to delve into the history of biogeography through the fossilized reefs.
Both pluripotent and transdifferentiated cells use adult cells, thus starting cells are very accessible, whereas human embryonic stem cells require that one navigate legal loopholes and delve into the morality of stem cell research debate.
In theatre, she has played Mrs. Sowerberry in the West End cast of Oliver!, singing the song "That's Your Funeral" with David Delve on a recording.
He discovered pop music only once his family moved to Los Angeles in the 1970s via the Bee Gees' soundtrack to Saturday Night Fever, that led him to delve into it.
These toys give way to a unique world in which children's play is isolated and independent of the social constraints placed on society leaving the children free to delve into the imaginary and idealized version of what their development in life could be.
The overall attitude of their lyrics seems to convey a message of not giving up on oneself, so Instagram's decision clearly did not delve very deeply into the details before taking this action against them which had negatively affected their ability to fully promote appearances in the Aftershock festival they were booked for.
John McCarten of The New Yorker wrote, "Even if the movie doesn't delve as deeply as it might into the mental processes that made van Gogh behave the way he did, it nevertheless, in the person of Kirk Douglas, confronts us with a character well worth our absorbed attention.
Cuvier didn't wish to delve much into the causation of all the extinction and introduction of new animal species but rather focused on the sequential aspects of animal history on Earth.
Many of the above labels are used pejoratively, and discussions over music criticism often delve into the question of whether musicians' focus on rock spectacle and mass appeal results in compromised artistic merit, particularly in terms of the difference between the interests of the "middlebrow" populace versus other listeners.
James showed a disinclination to delve into the matter, but the rumours refused to go away.
Teachers instruct their students to delve deeper than surface level to learn about both the simplicity and complexity of the novel, and emphasize its themes to allow students to learn more than just literacy.
Several of Delderfield's historical novels and series involve young men who return from war and take up careers in peacetime that allow the author to delve deeply into social history from the Edwardian era to the early 1960s.
His works delve into the African-American experience as well as examinations of the human condition.
Hourlong episodes delve into monumental events such as genesis, cosmic violence, human intelligence and alien life, oxygen, and survival vs. destruction.
Aikin's works delve into the artistic, social, and literary sides of her period, rather than its religious, military or parliamentary history.
America's Army comics series allows readers to further explore the Army universe and delve deep into the lives of Soldiers who are deployed or at home station.
Presented by Laurie Taylor, this production for Sky Arts was well received in a television review by the Daily Telegraph, with the Telegraph noting that "In an age of soapy soundbites, Sky Arts hour-long interview strand is a serious attempt to delve deeper into its subjects."
"I've learnt a lot from Easterners and I am eager to delve deeper into the depth of an Eastern mindset, which remains a mystery not only to us, but to an Easterner himself.
On occasion, stories will delve into more serious subjects such as divorce or cheating.
Bolling's books on jazz technique show that he did not delve far beyond bebop into much avant-garde jazz.
Formerly, soap operas did not delve into the sexual side of their romances.
Ibn Arabi did delve into specific details at times, and was known for his view that religiously binding consensus could only serve as a source of sacred law if it was the consensus of the first generation of Muslims who had witnessed revelation directly.
To delve deeper into these types of processes by the amygdala, Markowitsch and his team provided extensive evidence through investigations that the "amygdala's main function is to charge cues so that mnemonic events of a specific emotional significance can be successfully searched within the appropriate neural nets and re-activated."
The album's lyrics also delve into incidents of adultery ("Wouldn't Believe It", "How Long Is Too Long") and the album's first single "The One You Want" is said to be about a woman who Pryor says "Sucks the soul out of people".
As the game quickly grew and characters developed, Arneson devised scenarios where they would quest for magic and gold, escort caravans, lead armies for or against the forces of evil, and delve into the dungeons beneath Castle Blackmoor (which was represented by a Kibri kit model of Branzoll Castle).
These legends delve into fantasy more so than the legends about his later life.
The new format, along with the ability to play records that previously would have been censored on the radio, has allowed Hansen to delve more deeply into his collection than was possible on the syndicated radio show.
The War Scroll and the Thanksgiving hymns both delve into the idea that Belial is accursed by God and his people, and shows how the existence of Belial in this world can be attributed to the mysteries of God since we can not know why he permits the dealings of Belial to persist.
The French Revolution was one of several factors that caused many Bible students around the world who shared Miller's concerns to delve into the time prophecies of Daniel using the historicist methodology of interpretation.
Broca was essentially the first to fully break away from the ideas of phrenology and delve deeper into a more scientific and psychological view of the brain.
The last three fascicles of the Kyōgyōshinshō delve into the nature of Amitabha Buddha and the Pure Land.
Hydra experiments performed by Abraham Trembley in the 18th century began to delve into the regenerative capabilities of cells.
The stories all delve into different aspects of self and identity.
Wladislaw and the Major go down to delve.
Some physics programmers may even delve into the difficult tasks of inverse kinematics and other motions attributed to game characters, but increasingly these motions are assigned via motion capture libraries so as not to overload the CPU with complex calculations.
In 2004, Conason was one of the first journalists to delve into the background and finances of the group known as the "Swift Vets and POWs for Truth".
The special access that De La Vega had as a close companion to Alba, coupled with his skilled craft as a writer, allows the historian to delve into the deepest emotions expressed by the Duke of Alba through the poetry of De La Vega.
In 1889, describing the princess, Nicholas told his close friend, Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich: "She is a truly wonderful creature, and the more and deeper you delve into her soul, the clearer you see all her virtues and qualities.
The producers did not delve into the "characters' loss of innocence" with topics such as sex and drugs in favor of issues relevant to 9 to 11-year-olds, the show's target demographic.
Many of her works delve into difficult subject matter such as themes of abuse, prostitution, and abandonment.
The Reform Academy is a program where students delve into practical, economic issues as well research relevant for policy issues dominating the current economic-political debate.
They delve into Kamba life and society, the Kikamba language, as well as a detailed nature of the stories and the contexts within which they are told.
A prized collection allows one to delve into memories of the past, provides consolation in times of emptiness, and enriches and elevates the spirit.
Moreover, Rahner advances the possibility of multiple Incarnations, but does not delve into it: given the strong Christological orientation of his theology, it does not appear likely he would have propended for repetitions of the Incarnation of Christ.
The first 3 volumes have been arranged (or transposed) almost directly from the first 3 violin volumes, and the rest differ significantly as they delve into standard viola literature.
Later books delve into more complex Renaissance and Baroque music, including instruction in intense Baroque ornamentation along with 17th-century Dutch and Italian articulation techniques.
Aiken demanded that his students delve into the cultural context behind the works of classic keyboard literature they played.
To fully observe the impact of corporate social responsibility practices on a firm’s corporate financial performance, it is important to delve into a concrete example, such as the study conducted by researchers from the Global Conference on Business, Economics, Management, and Tourism.
His books delve into the habits of the jungle tribes, their survival skills, and their day-to-day lives.
These books are typically classed as historical fiction; many of them delve into the supernatural powers given to the Pharaoh, however, and could be considered fantasy by loose definition.
Their debut for the label was 1996's double-length Exploded Drawing, an eclectic, progressive effort that began to delve more explicitly into the guitarists' fascination with Asian music.
Metz applied both Sigmund Freud's psychology and Jacques Lacan's mirror theory to the cinema, proposing that the reason film is popular as an art form lies in its ability to be both an imperfect reflection of reality and a method to delve into the unconscious dream state.
His friendship with ex-Arsenal scout Damien Comolli and Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke allowed him to delve deep into the world of English football.
When the penetrator struck the surface the forebody was designed to separate and delve 5 to 6 meters into the surface while the afterbody remained on the surface connected to the forebody by wires.
Sanborn further stated that in order to solve passage 4, "You'd better delve into that particular clock," but added, "There are several really interesting clocks in Berlin."
Horkheimer and Adorno, above all, in their critical analyses, delve into what they call "the fraying of art" and the "de-artification of art", and discuss how the arts are defused by the culture industry.
The songs he went on to compose for Fairuz would stray from the nostalgic nationalism that showcased the folkloric style Fairuz and the Rahbani brothers were known for; instead, he and Fairuz would go on to delve into a more modern sound in the form of jazz and funk.
Seeing the conviction of Darrab convinced Hassan to delve deeper into Ismā'īlī doctrines and beliefs, ultimately convincing him to see merit in switching to the Ismā‘īlī faith.
Delve Special, investigative journalism parody
ESF researchers delve into topics well beyond the boundaries of central New York.
News stories, public speeches and other acts of personal expression cannot conflict with traditional Islamic values, or dissent from government policy, insult government officials, especially the royal family, and cannot delve too deeply into certain sensitive and taboo subject matters that might embarrass the government or spread dissent, i.e.
In a desperate attempt to save himself, David sought out the help of renowned young psychotherapist Hannah Jones to delve into his fractured mind and fight back this dark personality.
The Basilisk terrorist group serves as a recurring villain (echoing the Onslaught organization from John Ostrander's original Suicide Squad series), and several issues delve into the twisted relationship between Harley Quinn and the Joker.
For example, when events are narrated after they have occurred (posterior narration), the narrator is in a privileged position to the characters in the story and can delve into the deeper significance of events and happenings, pointing out the missteps and missed meanings of the characters.
The show attempted to move away from the original film's "Buddy Cop" premise, and delve more into the aliens' distinct culture and characteristics.
 Pseudocommunity: In the first stage, well-intentioned people try to demonstrate their ability to be friendly and sociable, but they do not really delve beneath the surface of each other's ideas or emotions.
He added, "A more showily ambitious film might have tried to delve into Glass's personal history in search of an explanation for his behavior, or to draw provocative connections between that behavior and the cultural and political climate of the times.
Fletcher explores the world with actor and director, Stig Wemyss, as they seek travel experiences that go beyond the tourist guidebook and delve into the heart and soul of the places.
He supplies room for the reader to participate; to delve into each clearly delineated wonder, to turn it over in his or her own mind with full confidence that the author has honestly drawn the lineaments of the whole scene being presented.
While many of the standard fantasy tropes are still accounted for – there are still dragons to battle and dungeons to delve – there is a deliberate effort to shift away from Tolkien rip-offs and instead start ripping off everything from Jurassic Park to Casablanca.
I really like to delve deeply into the characters and the stories in order to make the most of each part I play.
Moore sought to delve into nuclear physics and quantum mechanics in constructing the character of Dr. Manhattan.
Patricia Dunn, former chairwoman of Hewlett Packard, reported that the HP board hired a private investigation company to delve into who was responsible for leaks within the board.
The FBI continued to delve further into the records of the appraisers, searching for more stolen items.
They will work alongside Miller and his brother Ryan as well as Isaac Testerman and Yale Rice of Delve Media.
After studying the classical repertoire in Brazil for fifteen years, he went to Paris, France, to delve into modern music.
One marketing capsule is "An informative resource for formal studies of the Prydain Chronicles, as well as an excellent opportunity to delve into the fantastic workings of Prydain."
Actors appearing in Delve Special included: Tony Robinson, Felicity Montagu, Stephen Frost, Mark Arden, Jack Klaff, Harry Enfield, Dawn French, Brenda Blethyn, Arthur Smith, Janine Duvitski, Philip Pope and  Andrew Sachs.
 Delve Special on BBC Sounds
She also had roles in comedies such as Yes Minister (1981), Who Dares Wins and a variety of roles in the BBC Radio 4 comedy Delve Special alongside Stephen Fry and a role in the school comedy/drama King Street Junior.
Supplements: Pre-7th EditionBattlelords of the Twenty-Third Century has several supplemental books that further delve into the races and the universe.
The group's sound was originally rooted in surf and psychedelic rock music of the 1960s, although they have made "sincere attempts to get away from the surf music label" and currently delve into many genres, mainly driven by the melodic visions of the band's founder, songwriter, and guitarist Jim Thomas.
After Duclaux died in 1904, Robinson continued to delve more in France and French life, living among her stepchildren from Auvergne to Paris.
However, as with most non-profit software projects, to delve deeper into programming, looking at the actual source code and the Doxygen formatted "code documentation" comments inside that code is needed.
Dark, witty, and depressing in its ironic hilarity, Notable American Women allows the reader to delve into the mind of a well-meaning but obtuse young man, to glimpse into his turbulent upbringing full of radical experimentation and forced-breeding (among other things) and, possibly, to become attached.
The novels delve deeper into the unanswered questions of the series.
In December 1857, he wrote to ask if Darwin's book would delve into human origins, to which Darwin responded that "I think I shall avoid the whole subject, as so surrounded with prejudices, though I fully admit that it is the highest & most interesting problem for the naturalist".
The lack of network restrictions allowed the producer to delve into more mature subject matter.
Political tones for storylines, coinciding with the decade the programme was set in, were rarely featured in episodes, though some episodes featured occasional references to the counterculture movement, while others would sometimes delve into a dramatic single storyline concerning a major incident that characters would deal with and sometimes be affected by.
Researchers began to delve more deeply into what was going in the Kerala Model, since human development indices seemed to show a standard of living which was comparable with life in developed nations, on a fraction of the income.
Thus in The Gunny Sack, his first novel, he starts with many memories, but his narrator has to delve into written history, primarily through colonial journals and travelogues, to complete and give shape to his created history.
 Delve into truths about one's own self
The lyrics delve into darker subject matter, such as despair, politics, drug abuse, and self-loathing.
The website's critical consensus reads, "Though it doesn't delve deeply into the darkness of J.M.
 The Howling Delve, by Jaleigh Johnson (paperback, July 2007, )
Their style consists of a post-hardcore and math rock base, while their later releases delve into experimental jazz, ambient dub and angular post-punk.
They frequently delve into topical and taboo subject matter with songs such as "Commies for Christ" and "I Fuck Dogs".
Ken Delve, D-Day: The Air Battle, London: Arms & Armour Press, 1994, .
Notice that this kinematical discussion does not delve into the mechanism by which the required forces are generated.
American Woman, which gave Miller some of the best reviews of her career, was her first role as the main character not bolstered by any other actors, and marked the first time she was able to delve into a woman character's life in "nuanced ways".
That's what we tried to delve into in the individual episodes".
"I'd Rather Be Chrome" follows, which displays a repeating phrase throughout and contains more narration from Adler over, in Pegg's words, a "prowling, catchy riff", before the lyrics delve into topics previously explored on Low.
In efforts to discredit alleged sexual assault victims in court, a defense attorney may delve into an accuser's personal history, a common practice that also has the purposeful effect of making the victim so uncomfortable they choose not to proceed.
In all of these different approaches to art therapy, the art therapist's client goes on the journey to delve into their inner thoughts and emotions by the use of paint, paper and pen, clay, sand, fabric, or other media.
In practice, good grid interview technique would delve a little deeper and identify some more behaviorally explicit description of "tense versus relaxed".
In addition to the main game, after certain quests are completed Legend of Mana gives the player the option to delve into optional gameplay aspects centered around the hero or heroine's house.
It is also a consultation and consensus body concerning health, which intends to delve deeply into relevant themes and strengthen public policies aimed at improving the living conditions of the inhabitants of the South American continent.
The Chida writes that "I've heard from elders, that the Maharshal is extremely deep; and most hasagot (criticisms/objections) from the Maharsha on the Maharshal, aren't hasagot if the reader will delve deep into the subject".
Robert Christgau of The Village Voice found it "a lot smarter" than Gabriel's past work in Genesis, and despite noting that "every time I delve beneath its challenging textures to decipher a line or two I come up a little short", felt that the album was "worth considering".
Any fan of Black Metal regardless of subgenre preferences should take the opportunity to delve into this.
 Have avid roots that delve
Rabbi Karelitz also discounted the need to delve into musar as a formal study, feeling that a life dedicated to traditional Torah study would guide one toward the proper path.
When Mara and Pikkle and the Guosssom reach the island, they delve into the islands forest, meeting the 'ghost' badger, who is really a living badger named Urthwyte, the long-lost brother of Mara's father, Urthstripe, and Urthstripes' mother and Mara's grandmother, Loambudd.
While Rothman is aware of his new protégé's anti-Semitism, he feels sorry for Hitler, who had nothing to come home to after the war, and encourages him to delve deeper in his art.
Following the success of the Spice Girls, Virgin Records decided to delve into the pop market.
He then states that he plans to delve into the issue.
Through the first six weeks of the Journey, newly initiated ΖΒΤ men learn the history of the fraternity, delve into the credo, mission statement and ritual, the skills needed to succeed in college, and how to make wise life decisions.
Dozens of analyses have attempted to delve into the structure of the Grosse Fuge, with conflicting results.
Later, Mills started to delve deeper into psychedelic music, and spent most of his A-Level years taking LSD and listening to The Doors.
His historical work differed from standard practice in that it departed from an exclusively political focus to delve into social history and the lives of ordinary people and also in its use of news papers as sources.
"Food will still be inspired by herbs, and will delve deep into spices.
Dembski described the book as accessible, but noted that it also includes a CD and endnotes that delve deeper into the technical issues.
Under the ecclesiastical abstention doctrine, civil courts cannot delve into matters that focus on "theological controversy, church discipline, ecclesiastical government, or the conformity of the members of a church to the standard of morals required of them."
Many of Newbury's songs, such as "The Thirty-Third of August", "The Future Is Not What It Used To Be", and "Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)", delve into the dark recesses of the human psyche.
Those insights made their way into his own creativity, influencing him to delve more deeply into the roots of Garifuna music.
Professors have to delve into the students technical and comprehension skills to measure how adaptive their behavior is.
Jean M. O'Brien's Disposession by Degrees: Indian Land and Identity in Natick, Massachusetts 1650-1790 and Daniel R. Mandell's Behind the Frontier: Indians in Eighteenth-Century Eastern Massachusetts are both extensive volumes that delve into Native American life in Massachusetts.
It was the intention of the Admiralty that these ships would be named after captains who served with Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar, but as building continued it became necessary to delve back further into history for the names of well-regarded admirals and captains.
IPD books delve deeper into alternatives for prevailing issues by examining the central issues in contention, as well as the impacts on different groups, the risks associated with each alternative, and an analysis and interpretation of the experiences of those who have tried each.
In January 2011, Renner announced his plans to delve into the disappearance of Maura Murray, a nursing student who went missing after a car accident in Haverhill, New Hampshire.
Eleven, twelve, who will delve?
Darrow, Miller and Steve Gerber started developing a Superman series as part of the Metropolis proposal, then after the idea fell through, Miller offered Darrow to work on a Daredevil story he was writing that would delve into the character's origin.
The book's other essays, published over the years in a range of analytical and journalistic sources, delve into themes such as technology, globalization, and the misguided application of military power.
In 2005, the album was re-released (it had previously been released but fell out of print quickly), digitally remastered by Bob Geldof and Pete Briquette with bonus tracks, mostly B-sides from various eras, that delve more deeply into the Rats' musical influences.
The website of Saint Michael's Russian Catholic Church in New York City is a must for anyone desiring to delve deeper into the history of the Russian Catholic Movement.
We are yet to delve into attack.
Also during her time in Boston, Palmer began to seriously delve into songwriting, and landed a demo deal with Island Records.
Once she has an understanding of Samoan culture she will delve into the specifics of how adolescent education and socialization are carried out in Samoan culture and contrast it with Western culture.
There, the 12-year-old Nasrat was said to delve into studying music to find comfort from the negative psychological effects of the war.
Mortlock was declared the Rebels inaugural Captain on 2 February 2011, with former Wales international Gareth Delve as Vice-Captain.
OE delfan → Modern Scots del and English delve
Forensic applications that delve into detections of illicit drugs, banned sport drugs, toxins, and chemical warfare agents are also an area of growing interest.
Anjali Enjeti praised "Any Day Now" for avoiding white savior plots and racial caricatures, while focusing on impacts of racism rather than white intent, and the commitment of the producers to delve honestly into difficult topics.
Several chapters also delve into Mal'akh's history with Peter Solomon: many years earlier, Peter bequeathed a large sum of inheritance money to his rebellious son, Zachary, who then fled the Solomon household and led a reckless life in Europe until he was arrested and imprisoned in Turkey for smuggling drugs.
Filmmakers were able to take advantage of this format to delve into a particular story in more detail, or cover broader themes.
Sara Century, writing for Syfy, noted the significance of the film: "While the response is entirely subjective and it isn’t a film for everyone, Jessica did in many ways serve as a forerunner for what would come later, as filmmakers like David Lynch would delve into dreamscapes that refused to sustain themselves explicitly in cohesive narratives.
From the electrical charge that sparks human life, to the beating of hearts and the memories we make, six performers use dance and acrobatics to delve deep into the human body, tracing the story of energy in our lives.
In this episode, Captain Janeway must help Lt. Tuvok delve into his past to understand a memory triggered by the sight of a spatial phenomenon.
However, Wester noted, "We couldn't get too indulgent, we couldn't delve into long conversations.
Hutchinson later stated; "doing a Frankenstein film is kind of a phony bit – you don't have to delve too deeply".
He did not often delve into detailed textual or critical debates.
However, since Leonard could not delve much studio time, Madonna worked solely with Orbit.
Designed for emerging theater artists who want to delve deep into the complex art of character development, with intensive studies in acting, singing, and movement.
Conversely, the Skills section allows for participants to delve deeper into developing a skill of their choice by maintaining a practice pattern (at least once a week).
With the release of Pioneering quests, players are able to delve into the story revolving around Granado Espada and its colonial power, Vespanola, in addition to the various factions on the continent itself, allowing new players to build on their quests bit-by-bit.
In her second book Assassins of the Turquoise Palace (Grove/Atlantic), Hakakian departs from the personal narrative form to delve into a work of investigative journalism.
Praz's work allows audiences to delve into the personal interior scope of his apartment by providing a "room by room description, of (the) flat in Rome in which he lived for thirty years".
Recently, similar phrases have appeared, especially in Spain, although most of them (such as soplapollas, "cock-blower") delve much further into plain profanity.
At around the same time, a fanzine called It Will Stand (from the song of that name by The Showmen) began to delve into the history of beach music.
Critical criminology also seeks to delve into the foundations of criminological research to unearth any biases.
In addition to the main story, players can also take the Hunter's Guild sidequests, which explores the lives of Pioneer 2's citizens, and further delve into the backstory behind the game.
In early 2012 the UFC decided they would delve even further into the lower weight classes when they announced the introduction of the flyweight division to their ranks, beginning with UFC on FX: Alves vs. Kampmann.
Clive is tormented by an event in his past in which his mentor, Professor Berlitz, was killed during an excursion to delve into the mystery of Filgaia's past.
It’s possible that someone in the future will delve deeply into The Golden Age and find the portent of Sly Stone’s There’s a Riot Going On.
Although the group doesn't delve too hard into funk, it still doesn't mesh particularly well together, especially since the material, while well-sung as ever, isn't particularly distinguished.
There are various different career paths one could delve into within environmental education.
In addition, it marks the beginning of the Temptations' four-year delve into psychedelia recording, at the behest of producer Norman Whitfield, in a fusion genre referred to as "psychedelic soul."
As the story would delve into an incident from O'Neill's past, Deluise had initially envisioned Burke as quite serious, however as the story progressed Deluise decided to inject more of his own "wacky" mannerisms to add another dimension to the character.
When Van Horn begins to delve into Izzy's relationships with his father and brother, Izzy responds, "Don't do this to me."
The challenge is to delve a little bit deeper into Eileen's psyche, which I really enjoy doing."
Little, Brown and Company also released an edition of Dracula in September 2005 with an introduction by Kostova, thinking her readers would want to delve into the original novel after reading hers.Dracula (original).
Lyrically, it sees West delve into how a woman tricked him.
The plots often delve into fantasy and science fiction, with Hot Dog and Bertie traveling across dimensions or through time.
These wall hangings delve on religious themes and mostly revolve around Radha and Krishna seated on a swing, Lord Krishna playing flute along with Radha and Gopis, Krishna with herds of cattle, Goddess Saraswati, Vaishno Devi and Lord Vishnu.
In 2011 and 2013, Verbinski would delve into the Western genre, with decidedly different results: Rango was well received, critically and commercially, and earned the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
His effort to build up support for KAU in Nyanza inspired Oginga Odinga, the Ker (chief) of the Luo Union to join KAU and delve into politics.
These include walk, sleep, help, laugh, step, sneeze, chew, wash, shine, climb, let, bake, lock, read, drag, bark, sweep, float, bow, row, fart, creep, flow, starve, weep, grip, leap, mow, slay, shove, carve, gnaw, braid, flee, fare, ban, wreak, quell, delve, abide, yield, spurn, thresh, swell, milk, suck, burst, load, melt, and swallow.
With "Stop The World", the album starts to delve into more philosophical questions, expressing existential doubts — a theme that leads to religion, with "God Isn't Dead?"
Both of these are meant to give enemies an advantage, similar to his habit of fighting one-handed, as in an unhandicapped state he would defeat them so quickly that he would not be able to enjoy himself sufficiently to delve into a state of bloodlust, that being what he treasures most.
His series of Jay's Days books recount his days working for a record store chain and later in a pasta shop, and delve into his relationships with his friends, co-workers, and family members.
It continues to be used as an educational tool and to delve into deeper conversations on redlining, business, real estate and generational wealth.
Girls who left the magazine usually went to model for another fashion magazine, or would delve into something different, such as acting, singing or even setting up a clothing line, all of which were popular options.
Lal was also a part of the 21-member apex body constituted by the Ministry of Labour to delve into the problems of industrial relations for industries in the private sector.
This makes for a solid album which runs a line between the guitar and voice anthemics of Radiohead and U2, a delve towards Crowded House with occasional reversion to his soul-rock stylings.
Béaslaí’s love of the Irish language gave him an opportunity to delve into his other hobbies.
 1948 to 1962: Sir Frederick Delve
Felix Vasquez stated that the film sought to 'channel Tod Browning’s Freaks mixed with a tacked on werewolf vs. vampire battle, than actually trying to delve in to the werewolf mythos like the former movies'.
I was a newer actress and really, really green and it took me a while to delve into the character and find out who she really was and to make her more real and vulnerable."
Nicholas Delve as Freddie 
Hanley went on to delve into a philosophical analysis of the "evidential weight" of popularity and tradition in determining the "robustness" of beliefs.
Trevor also has a tendency to delve into deep, Orwellian rants, which often serve as narration for the episodes.
Each day has a theme (based on a culture or global issue); activities and cuisine are aligned with the day's theme so that villagers can delve in depth into an area of the world or a question each day.
There is still so much to plumb between them as we delve deeper into what it means to have bipolar disorder as a mother but also as a daughter.
Jacobi's photographic style stressed informality, and sought to delve deeper into the traits of her subjects than traditional portraiture.
And on a more serious dramatic level, it doesn't really delve into the hysteria such killings cause among the police and the citizenry, the way Dirty Harry did."
They express a subtly inspirational feeling as well as suggestion to delve deeper or look higher for fulfillment.
While a Radcliffe fellow, Ibrahim adopted an interdisciplinary approach to delve into the theoretical foundations of Shariah law and examine how they have influenced legal practice, which has, in turn, affected the human rights of women in West  Africa .
Téchiné is noted for his elegant and emotionally charged films that often delve into the complexities of human condition and emotions.
The song's lyrics delve into themes of nostalgia, and discuses the circumstances of past, present and future.
Two other tracks, "Ya No" and "Si Una Vez", delve into heartaches of failed relationships with the protagonist in the former song angrily refusing to take back a cheating partner.
In their theories Hakman found not only the confirmation of his own artistic affinities but also the opportunity to master the art of painting, above all to delve into the mysteries of impressionistic landscape painting, which was the most frequent theme in the works of his professors.
Later stories delve into the reign of the mad dictator Jean-Bédel Bokassa.
In 1975 she decided to delve more into painting, giving up sculpting, due to her age and strain it placed on her body.
On their journey they discover the true nature of Amara; meet mermaids, forest spirits and shapeshifting creatures; cross paths with dragons both good and evil; delve into a world built of memory; and stumble across artifacts from Earth's past, present, and future.
In these pages we delve into the intimate universe of Tita de la Garza through her diary.
His use of neutral colors and depictions of the human form delve beyond pop culture and bring to the surface many of the things that operate underneath the cultural construct.
The Soft Machine is the first book in the trilogy, and is a compilation of descriptive and interchangeable scenes, which delve further into the sexual and biological issues previously explored in Naked Lunch.
Gregory's work is characterized by a renewed Scholasticism in which natural reason is employed to delve deeper into preexisting theological sources.
However, it is not only the actors who delve into the medieval times.
Max Bell of Number One wrote: "Songwise, the Camden crooners continue to delve into sombre waters.
PVA's focuses delve into honing and strengthening artistic craft and talent.
In contrast, side stories delve into the backgrounds and activities of one or two crew members, particularly the "greenhorns" (rookie crew members) on several boats.
 Delve, Ken The Military Airfields of Britain, South-Western England: Channel Islands, Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Somerset, Wiltshire.
Papers and research that delve into topics involving biocybernetics may be found under a multitude of similar names, including molecular cybernetics, neurocybernetics, and cellular cybernetics.
 David Delve as Sir Francis Drake
Gore's terse explanation does not delve into such complexities, but the crux of his point–that the observed long-term relationship between CO2 and temperature in Antarctica supports our understanding of the warming impact of increased CO2 concentrations–is correct.
He was the first to collect Bedouin poetry and make observations of Bedouin dialects; his observations of Arabic phonetics remained important until the 20th century; he was the first to delve into the study of spoken Arabic.
The Comstocks make money by selling eggs and other farm products, but Mrs. Comstock refuses to cut down a single tree in the forest, or to delve for oil, as the neighbors around them are doing, even though the added income would make their lives easier.
As indicated by its title, Still Got the Blues saw him delve into an electric blues style.
Recorded by respected Seattle producer Matt Bayles, the four-song EP showed the band delve deeper into melody and odd time-signatures.
As time passed, Dow began to delve into other types of architecture, designing many commercial and community buildings, especially in and around his hometown of Midland.
In the 1980s, his Checkpoint series got its sitcom counterpart in BBC Radio 4's Delve Special, where investigative journalist David Lander, played by Stephen Fry, doorstepped many fictional villains.
Strong yet subtle grooves underpin orchestrated elements that delve into minor-key harmonies with complex arrangements became the soundtrack to many people's musical experiences both at All Day I Dream as well as Burning Man festival.
While it mainly addressed the harassment of Scientology critics, it was the first Scientology story to delve into sexual misconduct by church auditors.
She is hoping for a multi-season run to explore and delve into the world she created in The Power.
Richardson deploys a formidable range of techniques and a broad palette of approaches in her creation of a new aesthetic, one that elicits a euphoric suspension of disbelief, allowing viewers to delve into the increasingly ambiguous and complex juncture between the real and the represented.
Peter tries to delve deeper but Bree avoids his questions.
David S. Goyer, who wrote the scripts for all three of the films and co-created the television series, commented that the open-ended nature of a TV series supported the kind of storytelling that will allow viewers to delve more into the inner workings of the vampire world.
Quite often Ebbitt's jokes delve over the horizon of insanity.
Frederick Delve, firefighter and chief of the London Fire Brigade, 1948–1962, was born in Brighton in 1902
1970 saw the squadron start to delve into bombing missions or what they termed "barrel bombing."
When it was released in 1970, the few war-games available for purchase were generally larger scale strategic war-games that did not delve into the same kind of unit detail.
Role playing games come in an immense array of various types and categories which we will briefly delve into; the first of which being the traditional table top RPG.
He also appeared in the 1984-87 BBC radio comedy series Delve Special alongside Stephen Fry.
Through this journey, Liner explores every aspect of sense, conscience, science, technology, culture, language and nature to delve even more deeply into humanity than into the depths of space.
Because I had to delve so deeply into psionics, including suggesting the use of alternate rules (again, for game balance!
For example, in the context of personal finance, this would mean that the borrower would have to delve into his or her personal funds every month to keep the project afloat.
This work did not delve into medical theory or explanation of pathogenesis, but described the uses and actions of some 600 substances, based on empirical observation.
Public health informatics can also delve into people with/without health insurance and the rates at which they go to the doctor.
In Descent, players take the roles of adventurers who delve into underground complexes in search of treasure (the so-called "dungeon crawl").
A challengingly explicit delve into the female body (often quite literally), it's a unique cinematic example of feminist existential porn....
In the introduction the authors acknowledge Jean-René Vernes as the first writer to delve into the TNT (Total Number of Tricks) Theory.
Her credits include Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, Delve Special, Ayres on the Air, Dial M For Pizza, Old Harry's Game, The Million Pound Radio Show, Revolting People, and No Commitments.
 SILVER: Ironsworn Delve (Shawn Tomkin)
It was then that he began to delve into human learning, focusing on cognition and memory, his goal to examine the influence of theories on our concept of human nature.
He also edited Vault of the Drow (1978), White Plume Mountain (1979), The Village of Hommlet (1979), The World of Greyhawk (1980), The Keep on the Borderlands (1981), Descent into the Depths of the Earth (1981), Against the Giants (1981), and Deep Dwarven Delve (not printed until 1999).
A Marine Science distance learning course, Delve Deeper, run by the University includes a field course component based at the laboratory.
To date, Books of "Latin and High Dutch of the Roman-Dutch old authorities is occasionally still used, as at times it is necessary for a modern judge to delve into these old authorities to search for the origin and scope of an otherwise obscure legal rule or doctrine."
His aim in the show was to delve "into his family's history to illuminate a wider story about Aboriginal life in the latter half of the 20th century".
A keen student of the Bible, Houteff began to delve deeply into it and the writings of Ellen G. White.
It said that half of the students would be community activists and that the course would delve into the philosophy and history of social justice movements "in the context of modern capitalism, the limits of the welfare state, the meaning of globalization, and the impasse of radical politics."
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine analyzed that "the album too often seems to be striving to display diversity at the expense of artistry," also criticizing the song's lyrics, writing that they "don't delve very deep."
One's study should always delve beyond the external facets and arrive at the essence of the topic.
The Actors' Renaissance Season uses Shakespeare's rehearsal conditions (self-directed, self-designed, short rehearsal period) as well as his staging conditions to delve deeper into the plays.
While on the run and trying to clear their own names, they attempt to delve into Will Traveler's past in hopes of discovering Will's motives for turning on his friends.
But beyond that, it makes no effort to address the subjective vs. objective question, nor does its discussion of intent delve into the matter of specific vs. general intent.
They delve into the compositional process by observing musical relevance within the context of a larger work and learn to examine how musicians develop unique style or meaning.
He joins head coach Damien Hill and fellow Rebels players James O'Connor, Gareth Delve, Ged Robinson, Nick Phipps, Nic Henderson, James King, Tim Davidson and Richard Kingi on the list of departing Rebels at the end of 2013.
His play Rocket City had its world premiere in April 2008 as part of the Alabama Shakespeare Festival's Southern Writers' Project, which has a mandate to encourage "plays that delve into Southern issues and the African American experience" and to contribute "nationally significant works to the American theater canon."
Though primarily known for her historical romance novels, Kleypas made an announcement in early 2006 concerning her momentary departure from historical romances to delve into the contemporary romance genre.
They delve into a journey through his past and his victims, and through this "The Ugly," a distorted allusion to The Ugly Duckling, is revealed.
Gordon ultimately came to believe that the final decision was almost certainly for the best and saw the benefit of introducing Scully's former boyfriend as it provided a welcome opportunity to delve into her history.
In 1980, Lakofka submitted three modules to TSR, taken from adventures he had originally created for his home campaign of Lendore Isle: The Secret of Bone Hill, The Assassin's Knot and Deep Dwarven Delve.
Lakofka's third Lendore Isles adventure, L3 Deep Dwarven Delve, was scheduled to be released in 1986, and Lakofka planned to write two more "L" series adventures.
Deep Dwarven Delve (TSR, 1999).
NASA's 2013 HS3 Hurricane Mission to Delve into Saharan Dust
In December 2012, Vaughan revealed to TV Source Magazine that the series would soon delve into Eric's past, and what led to him becoming priest.
Designing single handed, he managed to delve into the evolution of the finest detail, to develop innovative building techniques, and simultaneously to achieve minarets, and vaulted and domed structures, of great daring.
To this end, they hire the player, a genetic memory researcher, to delve into the memories of the pirate Alonzo Batilla, whom La Buse befriended before becoming a legend.
Since early New Mexicans did not include any great nobles or major historical figures, Chávez wanted to show that there was a reason for New Mexicans to delve into their own genealogy.
Thus, over time, researchers once again had to delve through many volumes of the United States Statutes at Large or use unofficial, privately published supplements.
She combines these elements with illness, childlessness, and the absence of a husband to delve even more deeply into these topics.
The titles are Tag & Bink Awaken, Tag & Bink Got Milk and The Second and Third Last Jedi (which will delve into the backstory of Supreme Leader Snoke).
With Carlos's backing band, La Provincia, Carlos took a cue from his successful interpretations of Rafael Escalona, and decided to delve deeper into the famous artists of Colombia's vallenato past.
Modiano's novels all delve into the puzzle of identity, and of trying to track evidence of existence through the traces of the past.
In 1984, his Sony Award-winning BBC Radio 4 satire Delve Special begun, a comedic parody of Roger Cook's investigative journalism series 'Checkpoint'.
Delve Special/This Is David Lander/This Is David Harper information at the BBC
Theologies of proclamation are internally rich, but not always richly connected to modern-day concerns; exploring the middle reveals “theories of discourse" that delve into the primary meaning of spiritual awareness.
John Steele is apprehended and Captain America is able to delve into his memories and figures out that because of his actions during a WW2 mission, John Steele ended up getting kidnapped and brain washed by the Shadow Council.
The game XXX, Y takes an extreme and/or totally radical approach to graphing, and then by suggestion of Rocko, the two delve into the world of Banjo Kazooie.
In order to delve into the aforementioned inner conflict, Lee uses the concept of addiction as a medium.
At the beginning of his delve into philosophy, Julius Bahnsen developed an interest in Hegelianism, which was in decline yet still popular in early 19th century Germany.
As the pair delve deeper into the case, they uncover a major conspiracy centering around the Suburban Redevelopment Fund program and several prominent figures in Los Angeles involved with it.
As you delve further into the plot, you realize that the pirates are after Mayor Richard M. Daley's treasure buried at the former site of Meigs Field.
Delve, Ken, The Military Airfields of Britain: Northern Home Counties, Crowood (2007), 
The album is the first by FSOL (as Amorphous Androgynous) to delve into psychedelic rock territory, although there are a few solid electronica tracks the majority is more progressive rock than electronica.
Gareth Leon Delve (born 30 December 1982) is a former Wales international rugby union player, and former captain of Gloucester.
In March 2010, Delve signed with the Melbourne Rebels, and joined the team in October, in preparation for the 2011 Super Rugby season.
The move to Melbourne saw Delve reconnect with former Bath Forwards Coach Mark Bakewell.
In February 2011, Delve was appointed the Rebels' vice captain, deputy to former Wallaby captain Stirling Mortlock.
In Round 9 of the 2011 season, Delve became the first overseas player to captain an Australian Super Rugby side (v. Highlanders, in Melbourne).
Rebels CEO Steven Boland said Delve had been wonderful ambassador for the Rebels.
In May 2013, it was announced that Delve would leave the Rebels at the end of the season, along with head coach Damien Hill and fellow Rebels players James O'Connor, Cooper Vuna, Ged Robinson, Nick Phipps, Nic Henderson, James King, Tim Davidson and Richard Kingi.
It was officially confirmed that Delve would join NEC Green Rockets in the Japanese Top League for the next season.
On 27 March 2015, it was announced Delve had signed a two-year contract with Welsh region Ospreys.
It's alleged that the man attacked Delve, and was knocked to the ground.
Delve called the police.
One of the first experiments to delve into the idea of plant memory was not intended to do so at all.
The new facility is envisioned to provide multi-purpose space and comprehensive services to allow the general public to delve deeply into Buddhism.
Although based on the Sefer Mitzvot Gadol, the work does not delve into the argument behind the legal decision.
Then the planner must delve into the consumer and retrieve primary research that is applicable to the client brief.
The first episode to delve into Bobby's backstory was the third season's "Dream a Little Dream of Me."
News/informationApotypomata - Investigative reports that delve into problems facing society today.
Like the artists in the U.S., Martínez used a preexisting popular image but did not really delve into mass-media aesthetics, nor into the desensitization methods utilized by other North American artists of the time.
He believed that the script did not delve deeply enough into the real story of the serial killer, resulting in a "lightweight effort".
Innovation was one of the first companies to delve heavily into recruiting talents from Brazil, starting the American careers of Mike Deodato (Beauty and the Beast) and Joe Bennett (The Light Fantastic), among others.
On the way, Thin Elderly explains to be gentle in the touching, and not to delve, on the grounds that a dream-giver who picks up menacing fragments of the memory's "underside" becomes a Sinisteed, a horse like creature, which are transformed dream-givers who inflict nightmares.
Although she confessed to the crime, the lack of motive propels investigators to delve deeper into the case, and discover that there is far more to it than originally thought.
Delve into his inner self, not to imitate him ~ that was too easy.
1 hits), "Island of Lost Souls" saw Blondie delve into calypso music.
Plus, I never get to play the bad girl and delve into the dark side.
My BodyWorks also features a fully functioning biology lab where science educators present materials that delve further into the topics presented in the gallery.
It did, however, retain a children's section, which included short poems and puzzles, and in faith to its beginnings, however, The Youth's Companion did not mention nor advertise drugs or alcohol, nor did it delve much into politics; when it did, it usually did so in a humorous way.
All four volumes of L’Avènement de la démocratie analyse this loss of balance, and delve into how phenomena like juridification and economism have contributed to this loss.
While you certainly can use Cityscape'' as nothing more than a guide to running a "street crawl" or "sewer crawl" adventure, we tried to delve into much more depth than just that.
The first English writer to delve into the form was Joseph Hall in his book Characters of Virtues and Vices which was published in 1608.
There she had the opportunity to delve into the work of choreographers, Martha Graham, Anna Sokolow, Mel Wong, Kazuko Hirabayashi, Jose Limon and Doris Humphrey.
With this approach, it is rare for the practitioner to delve into specific content beyond the identification of limiting thoughts.
Acrylics delve into land of 'Long Ago, Aberdeen American News (Oct. 12, 2006).
The last 10 chapters of the book delve into the economic considerations in America's growth and the relationships between the United States and France, Germany, Russia, England, Canada, Latin America, the Pacific, China, and Japan.
August 2011 the company acquired Delve Networks, Inc., a privately held provider of cloud-based video publishing and analytics services.
        delve deep down and discover
Heaven begins to delve into her mother's past, and comes face to face with a piece of her past when she meets Troy Tatterton, Tony's younger brother who lives in the cottage behind the English maze when Heaven becomes lost in the maze.
Irene Taylor Brodsky (born June 15, 1970) is an American filmmaker best known for her documentaries that delve deep into the human experience.
As soloist he edited Profanía and La Penthalpha, creations which delve deeply into a search for a more personal sound that embraces the spirit and influences of the immigrants’ culture.
The episodes also delve into Gibbs' past, culminating in the revelation of his wife and daughter's deaths 15 years prior.
Invisibility in the actual scientific world will be a very difficult achievement, one that will involve much more complication than we have begun to delve into.
That would allow a wide range of readers to delve into more detailed research.
Many of the “engagement drivers” currently in use internally are HR focused, and in many cases do not delve deeply into the employee’s role in delivering the brand/customer experience as a distinct element.
A grant from the Sangeet Natak Akademi and later the Ford Foundation helped her delve deeper into her interest in Mohinattam and during 1970–71 she traveled to Kerala filming exponents of the dance form such as Kunjukutty Amma, Chinnammu Amma and Kalyanikutty Amma.
then continued to delve deeper, this time comparing the properties of both the C4A and C4B, both of which are substantial players in the human immunity system.
In concert, these award winning musicians delve into music from Pink Floyd and Rush to Vivaldi, and House of the Rising Sun, as well as their own originals that have been featured everywhere from NPR to the Travel Channel.
A large percentage of the Eye of the North story takes place in the "dungeons" that delve deep underground.
L3 Deep Dwarven Delve is a Fantasy Adventure Module or "module" for  Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (1st edition).
Deep Dwarven Delve is a sequel to L1 The Secret of Bone Hill and L2 The Assassin's Knot, and was written as the intended final adventure in the "L" series.
Light faction are champions of order and justice, while Magic faction delve deep into the black arts, and the circle completes itself.
The lyrics of "Howling" focus on Hei's characterization with Okamura commenting that parts of it delve into elements the character briefly saw.
Luckily for the Hai-Genti, the former won the war and attempted to delve into organic forms of technology through gene-engineering in an effort to save their planet.
MyNBC would allow fans to delve inside Chuck's "brain" which will host hot spots of top-secret government information that the title character possesses.
The original Battlestar Galactica was perhaps one of the first dramatic series on American television to delve into a show mythology, long before Twin Peaks, Babylon 5, The X-Files, or Lost which involved mixing both serialized and episodic narratives in a regular television series.
Review articles that delve more into the history and designs of quantum radar, in addition to the ones mentioned in the introduction above, are available on arXiv.
These associations are currently being documented to better understand these effects in a systematic manner and delve into the brain and neural correlates associated with these variations.
Kurtley Beale was named player's player of the year while Gareth Delve won the people's player of the year award.
In the 2000s, wanting to delve still deeper into the psyche of youth, he began to write novels, publishing Double or Nothing, Skud (winner of the Sheila A. Egoff Book Award), and the trilogy, The Longlight Legacy.
The Sushruta Samhita and the Charaka Samhita delve further into the issue of homosexuality, stating that homosexuals are conceived when the father's semen is scanty and transgender people are conceived when the father and mother reverse roles during intercourse (purushayita, "woman on top").
In others, she moves past nature as a backdrop to delve more deeply into its inner, often invisible workings, such as photosynthesis and pollination, to release them from the language of science.
 The Military Airfields of Britain, pp 30–31, Ken Delve, 2005, Crowood, 
Earlier in March 2008, series creator and executive producer Rand Ravich explained that the second season would delve deeper into the conspiracy in the framing of Charlie Crews.
The Dark Lady sonnets delve into sexuality, jealousy, and beauty.
The language used is hard-hitting but imaginative, as Tommy’s frustration and outspoken views on life in modern-day Britain delve into a range of subjects including class, patriotism, prejudice, poverty and the political system.
DC Gay and Chief Inspector Alan Banks soon find plenty of suspects as they begin to delve into Caroline’s past and the women’s present life: Veronica’s ex-husband, who is a well-known composer; a feminist poet; the cast and crew of a play Caroline was rehearsing; and Caroline’s eccentric, reclusive brother, Gary Hartley.
The psychologist, William Haber (James Caan), uses a machine called an "augmentor" to delve deep into Orr's mind.
It is beyond the scope of this article to delve into modern teaching.
Ready to delve into the field of criminology, another career change occurred when she met the Ghanaian actor Sam Odoi who convinced her to write a script for him.
Newby also noted that Coates' history as a non-fiction author and journalist focusing on African-American issues would give him "the insight and experience to delve further into the [Superman] mythos in a way never seen on screen".
GameSpot observed, "You'll spend large amounts of time swinging at bats while earning enough funds to delve into the deeper regions, and it can take many hours before you see an enemy you haven't already spent plenty of time bashing on."
Her desire to delve into and fully experience each moment in time was fostered by the works of Jean-Jacques Rousseau, particularly his Reveries of a Solitary Walker (1782).
With socio-political conscious and gangsta rap content, its songs delve into the issues of ghetto life, drug addiction, racism and poverty.
His last game as the defence coach of the Rebels was a home game against New Zealand franchise the Highlanders, a match that also turned out to be the last Rebels match for head coach Damien Hill and players James O'Connor, Gareth Delve, Cooper Vuna, Ged Robinson, Nick Phipps and Nic Henderson.
Pandit Shukla and his colleagues in the law college would often delve deep into the proceedings of the case.
Shukla and then they would all delve deep into issues of this revolution sweeping the country.
crats when they delve deep into political,
The format places a demand on episodes to be run in order, without which story arcs stretching over many episodes may be difficult for new viewers to delve into.
Rundgren (who was primarily a pop musician at the time) had decided to delve into progressive rock.
OPL staff offer reading suggestions, chat with guests and delve into books, resources and pop culture.
Although much of the La Baby Sister involves either stereotypical romantic themes or silly comical hijinks, the novela does delve into some pertinent social commentary, most notably involving social class.
It falls to her to delve into the details of the case to determine the veracity of Bianchi's claims of multiple personality disorder, but in so doing, she is forced to relive the horrific crimes, one of which occurs at her very doorstep.
During the next 2 seasons Balding did not play regularly with stiff competition from James Forrester, Luke Narraway and Gareth Delve.
As they delve into Austen's literature, the book club members find themselves dealing with life experiences that parallel the themes of the books they are reading.
As they delve deeper into the mysteries of the dragons, they encounter new friends and enemies, and also develop a closer relationship.
A goal for Halo 4s story was to incorporate more human elements; to achieve this, the developers chose to delve more deeply into the relationship between the two protagonists, Master Chief and Cortana.
Since joining CNAS first as a Senior Fellow and then as President, Nagl has continued to delve into counterinsurgency while also publishing papers on other topics, including the need for a permanent corps of Army advisers and strategies for confronting Islamic extremism.
Upon announcement of the appointment, Senate President Tom Niehaus stated “Cliff Hite knows the many challenges that are facing our state, but he is not afraid to roll up his sleeves and delve into the issues.”
Soon after, he decided to delve deeper into the world of trance, quickly becoming familiar with mainstream DJs.
Through reading these letters, scholars can delve into the world of a socialite woman living in the vast expanses of Rupert's Land.
When first released The New York Times praised the acting, writing "Nancy Davis is beautiful and convincing as the serious psychiatrist who uses affection and play therapy to delve into the youngster's mind for the evidence needed for both a cure and the eventual exposure of the criminal.
Our national distributor didn't care enough to delve into it.
John Frederick Delve (born 27 September 1953) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Delve eventually lost his place in the side to Gary Megson and, after scoring six goals in 151 league and cup games, moved to Exeter City in 1978.
In five years with the club, Delve scored 20 times in 215 appearances and helped Exeter reach the quarter-finals of the FA Cup during the 1980–81 season.
Main difference being that on the impact the front part would separate from the back and delve some meters deeper into ground.
The first book of its kind to delve into the multilayered political labyrinths of South Asian wildlife conservation, and one man's endurance in the face of it all, The Soul of the Rhino is sure to win over your heart and soul.
When he rejoins his team after a stint on psychiatric leave and finds himself on the trail of a serial killer, he must set aside his personal issues and do what he does best - delve into the mind of a murderer.
Volumes 3 and 4 delve into the technical aspects of Roman viticulture, including advice on which soil types yield the best wine, while Volume 12 concerns various aspects of winemaking.
The program offers opportunities for students to delve into more than just sports future by looking at all aspects of the health and sports care industries.
Mr. Bentley brings in a very special guest that will delve into the G's past.
Sandra Scholes, writing a featured review on SF Site recommended the book, stating "for those who like to delve into the realms of the unreal and offbeat, this is a really good one".
In addition to field trips to museums and galleries, discussion groups and presentations delve into art professions and careers, and students are coached in the preparation of portfolios for college applications.
While Abboud said she would vote against the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, Sinema "said she wanted to delve deeper into Kavanaugh's writings and interview him personally before deciding".
Students and teachers can experience history with free field trips to the museum, history lending kits, and Vermont History Day, which allows students to delve thoroughly into a historical topic.
 Non approfondire (Don't Delve Too Deeply .
With Jane Doe identified, Oliphant and Kinsey delve into the complex web of relationships surrounding the dead girl.
Zaltman patented, the Zaltman Metaphor Elicitation Technique, a method used to delve into the unconscious thinking that drives behavior.
	The first 42 issues of the magazine have been digitized by the National Book Centre of Greece, where one can delve into them.
As a result, Melody has a "big breakdown", Dodwell said she had to delve deep into her character's psychology and admitted it was a harsh experience.
Gene Mills, executive director of the Louisiana Family Forum, stated that a bill is needed that makes it easier for teachers to delve into criticism of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution.
Publishers Weekly also gave a positive review writing "Fans of the Warriors books will excitedly delve into Firestar's Quest, the latest edition to Erin Hunter's bestselling series."
In 2003, Viktor started to delve into the world of single-seater racing cars, attending the Formula BMW scholarship course in Valencia, Spain.
In 1971 Slinger joined the first British all women theater troupe, Holocaust, directed by Jane Arden because she said she wanted to contribute her talents to something bigger than herself, and the intentions of the group felt in alignment with her own resolve to delve deeply into and express the unearthed realms of the feminine psyche.
Madame d'Houët had the opportunity to delve more deeply in the spirit of Ignatius de Loyola, the founder of the Jesuits in 1815.
The brothers are sons of Church of Christ minister Lawrence Redding, are all vegetarians, passively promote libertarian politics, and regularly delve into the philosophical in their music, lyrics, and album titles.
The relative contributions to the latter have been described by Chandrashekhar Shukl: "While Chaube was going places collecting information, Crooke used to sometimes delve into collecting tit bits."
Non-verbal communication is a critical analytical skill as it allows individuals to delve deeper into the meaning of messages.
Xiaorou caught up with her past relationship, could not delve into the future but often lived in the blissful memories of yesteryears.
The loss has been relegated to the history books as just another match, however, when you delve deeper into the annals of Collingwood's history, it proved much more than just a game.
Eric Delve and Christian musician Russ Hughes in 2000.
A range of breakout sessions offer participants the opportunity to delve deeper into individual subject areas.
However, he realized that the second half would mainly feature a conversation between Dean and the demon and would deeply delve into demon mythology.
To not stray from the path of loyalty and brotherly love and to delve always deeper into the heart of budo pursuing the ways of both the literary and martial arts with balanced determination.
The hundreds of research reports on government reform issues delve into the most important challenges confronting government operations.
It did not, however, delve into the contentious issue of in what manner and to what extent these two international bodies should be related.
When you delve into physical abuse...it's a tough thing."
This patent claims to have invented “certain new and useful improvements in Bicyclists Globes”: these new and useful improvements delve into the specifications for the creation of a latticed globe so the bicyclists could attain sufficient momentum to perform the act.
The magazine was the first of its kind to delve beyond recipes and formulas and tell the stories of the people and cultures behind the food.
This approach is more objective than classical behaviour measurements, such as frequency-based observations that are limited by the counts of behaviours, but is able to delve into the underlying reason for the behaviour.
Cox wished to delve deeper into Hendrix's catalogue: "I wanted to play those songs...
With this film, I want to delve into that which lies beyond and observe how this non-conventional spiritualism, Wicca, guides me.
Bolt's later plays and film screenplays also delve into this theme.
The BME regularly hosts learning and public programmes and temporary exhibitions to delve deeper into a band's artistry or music trends and movements.
For Wilhelm's legal characters, he spent many hours at both the county and federal courthouses becoming acquaintances with Kanawha County Prosecutors, Judges and Police Officers to delve into the criminal justice system.
Although the law focused on organizational membership, in its implementation it would delve into people's reading preferences, social activities, rallies attended, petitions signed, and beliefs on current political issues.
While some exhibitions have historic value, (such as the exhibit featuring work by KP Brehmer, a contemporary to Joseph Bueys) others delve into issues surrounding the Visual Arts, exploring ideas like the relationship of Art with Craft and Design.
House remains more focused on Thirteen's bisexuality and finds the situation an opportunity to delve into her personal life.
 Played the lead, David Lander, on Radio 4 series Delve Special
Harrison's Reports thought that the film "captures much of the charm, wit and human warmth" of Rogers but that it still was "by no means an outstanding entertainment, for its sketchy presentation of the events connected with Rogers' personal life and his rise to fame lacks forceful dramatic impact and does not delve deeply into his character."
Prior to Keown's book, only a handful of books and articles existed that attempted to delve into the questions of a specifically Buddhist ethic.
In the 19th century, singer and teacher Manuel García began to delve deeper into the physical changes and challenges of singing in the Italian chiaroscuro style.
The site was based on technology developed by Delve Networks.
As a result of the Madoff scandal, the SEC's chairman Christopher Cox stated that an investigation will delve into "all staff contact and relationships with the Madoff family and firm, and their impact, if any, on decisions by staff regarding the firm."
Stanoje Glavaš would command the elite and cavalry troops whose job was to delve deep into enemy territory and harass them as much as possible.
Obviously that wasn't something that EastEnders could delve too much into, but you got the idea that she was going through hard times.
Kamen had gained popularity by starring in a 1985 Levi's television commercial, later deciding to delve into music business and signed a record deal with Sire.
Students may study a foreign language, add a lab-based science (sixth, seventh, eighth grade, or Biology, Chemistry, Physics, or Environmental Science), delve into an AP (Advanced Placement) course in English, U.S. History, Biology, Calculus AB, Music Theory and English, European History, Chemistry, Calculus or explore a music, art or drama class.
Daniel Kilkelly of Digital Spy reported that Gordon's return would allow the show "to delve back into the past of Chas and Aaron, with a busy few months ahead for both of them."
is any indication, Dexters second season looks to delve deeper into the psyches of its characters.
The second provides details of the module's tactical encounters, presented in the delve format where each encounter is depicted across two pages and contains all relevant maps and statblocks within that space.
In order to find out what has happened, Tyler must delve into a world of darkness and lies, which ultimately leads her to the underbelly of a spiritually depraved community living in a deconsecrated cathedral calling themselves "The Collective".
Seeing the speed and proficiency at which some of his blind classmates used their computers inspired him to begin learning all he could about accessible technology and is what prompted him to delve into his computer and iPhone to unlock their potential for him.
Only two other auto books delve into this perspective.
Throughout 2013, Higginbotham acted as fill-in captain for the injured Rebels' skipper Gareth Delve, and in 2014 Higginbotham was officially announced as the captain for the Rebels, a position he held for the remainder of his tenure with the club.
Lieberman also stated "Lofven had hastened to make declarations ... apparently before he could delve into the matter and understand it is the Palestinians who have constituted the obstacle to progress" in reaching a peace accord with Israel.
Before Monk can delve further on the firehouse dog case, he and Natalie are ordered back to the police station, where Stottlemeyer and Lieutenant Disher have received the autopsy report on Esther Stoval.
They, separately, delve deeper into the case, patrolling the city on their own.
In providing examples for the avalent verbs below, this article must assume the analysis of pleonastic it, but will delve into the other two analyses following the examples.
The actual lawyer claims the questions were routine questions about her children and their fathers, and did not delve any further into the subject.
The introduction of the same allowed the public to delve into the deep sea, where they waited, a host of aquatic animals.
With the war on hiatus, Weatherwomen were encouraged to seize this chance to delve deeper into feminism, study, organizing, writings and actions.
While dealing with the systematic corruption of the government, church and the elite, the two priests delve into criminal profiling, crime scene investigation and forensic analysis to solve the killings, and eventually, find the murderer.
Kemal's books delve deeply into the entrenched social and historical conflicts that scar the Middle East.
The site's critical consensus reads, "Though the film may not delve as deep as some would prefer, More than a Game is an inspiring documentary featuring likable youngsters, a positive message, and some exciting in-game footage."
A devotee of the late Memphis pianist Phineas Newborn, Jr., Williams took time to delve into his hometown's jazz heritage, associating with pianist Harold Mabern, bassist Jamil Nasser, and saxophonists George Coleman and Frank Strozier, among others.
A major goal of pedagogical interpretive discussions is for students to delve deeply into texts in order to better understand their meanings.
Another area of potential future research should delve into the notion of silence as the absence of speech (a non-behavior, essentially).
As his embitterment boils, Dracula begins to delve heavily into Satanic practice.
Here we delve into Greek mythology where Thalassa personified the primeval spirit of the sea.
From the day people begun to see me as a painter, a huge responsibility fell upon me, particularly to respond to the feelings of the people at the grassroots level who are also my viewer, as also to delve deep into realities of life around me."
Kotaku calls it a competent racer which evokes fond memories, although laments that the tracks and music selection don't delve as deep into Sega lore as the character roster.
They delve into his soul again and defeat Lucifer, demon of pride, freeing Rolan's soul from darkness and giving him the confidence he needs to be a hero.
CEP's research projects delve into issues of funder effectiveness, examining common practice, and challenging conventional wisdom.
For example, if we consider depression to be a biological disorder remediable through the use of antidepressant tablets, then we may be excused from having to delve into the tragic circumstances that so often lie at the heart the experience.
"WV Outdoors" is an outdoors program that focuses on fishing and hunting, though does delve into other sport topics.
It allow the tourist to delve into science and speleology and also represent a reference point for the speleological research in Apulia.
Filmmakers John Walter and Andrew L. Moore delve into the mysterious life and death of Johnson, an artist whose “world was made up of amazing coincidences, serendipities and karmic gags,” according to Michael Kimmelman of The New York Times.
The number 27 had led Tin Alley to delve deep into the history of the 27 Club that further led them basing the lyrics in general on that theme and even quoting Kurt Cobain's last words in his suicide note "Best to burn out bright than fade into the night" in the final seconds of the track.
Fagin’s recent books are Dig & Delve (Granary Books, 1999), Complete Fragments (Cuneiform Press, 2012), and Eleven Poems for Philip Guston (Granary Books, 2016).
Before we delve further into query complexity, let us consider some background regarding graphing solutions to particular problems, and the queries associated with these solutions.
As in the case of studying  other sacred scriptures he tried to delve deep into the true spirit of the Qur'an directly from original text.
His successive books delve into similar subject matter, providing a resource for leaders looking to improve performance as well as business and interpersonal relationships.
I delve deep into my thoughts
While living in Paris, (1985 - 1989), Ward had the opportunity to delve into 18th and 19th century sculpture, earnestly studying works by Auguste Rodin, Jean-Baptiste Carpeaux, Jean-Antoine Houdon, Aimé-Jules Dalou and Aristide Maillol.
One can delve even deeper into these personalities by way of the journals, letters, appointment diaries, and family trees.
For example, columnist George F. Will termed the defeat of Robert Bork's nomination "unjust" and, more generally, that the nomination process does "not delve deeply into the nominee's jurisprudential thinking."
He, along with his cameraman Sebastian Ganz (Richard Coyle), delve deeper into Georgian life as conflict escalates and they get caught in the crossfire when an air raid strikes a local wedding they stumble upon.
The scene in which the brothers discuss their childhood and delve into their backstory was rewritten 20 to 30 times, and the final version was heavily trimmed.
The Times of India gave the film 2.5 rating out of 5 and said "All-in-all, 'TONY' tries, but fails to delve deep into the mind-set of a serial killer and turn it into a gripping murder mystery- psychological thriller.
When she was asked if it was because the song was originally written for Britney Spears, she answered: "Well that's not exactly what happened, but I don't want to delve into that.
I could delve into it if you turn that (motions to recorder) off...
Peggy Latkovich, reviewing Sjofn on Rootsworld, describes Gjallarhorn as a quartet "who delve deep into the earth for their wild, unfettered sound".
This source can help delve deeper to answer more questions about how Mena shares these ideas through her characters and just how far her stand against imperialism goes.
Reviewer Jill M. Smith noted that the series allows Roberts to delve into how relationships can change over time.
The idea behind the series is that, according to Tom Brevoort, "seeing as how Heroic Age will impact on characters both large and small, we thought it might be fun to do an anthology to delve into some of these stories and to touch upon some of these characters".
Kunene's Emperor Shaka also seeks to delve into the greater psychological motivations which could have driven Shaka to certain deeds which are perceived by western historians as violent or immoral.
It started as a film-based satire, which later on began to delve into contemporary political and social issues.
Instead, they accept the feeling of rapture and attempt to delve into its "metaphysical" secrets and aspects.
 Unknown – Delve Special (1984–1987)
 Delve Special (1984–1987)
3 August – Delve Special on BBC Radio 4 (1984–1987)
The essay approach also allowed him to delve more deeply into a given topic.
Cole continued to delve deeper into this topic for the next decade.
Although the South Park boys wrote The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs simply to shock and offend people, readers delve too deeply into the meaning behind the book, finding hidden allegories and symbolism that the actual authors insist are not present.
With a time frame that spans less than 24 hours, it's a film that attempts to delve deep inside the Tamil gang community.
The WSA's composition and basic operating procedures are outlined in its Constitution, while its by-laws delve into the details of its sub-committees, organization, the functioning of the Assembly as a whole, and allocation of money to student groups.
To quote Professor B.N.Mukherjee, an eminent Orientalist evaluating this book and Bagchi's profound scholarship in the Centenary Volume "...he (Bagchi) was the first competent Indian scholar to delve into the past of Central Asia.
However Schreiner did not delve into racial hygiene.
They added that "they cannot delve into the emotional undertow of sudden deafness and only show it as something that makes conversations tedious."
Al-Ansari was one of the early Arab intellectuals to delve into studying the East Asian experiences and draw comparisons with the Arab World.
Her original studies of and interest in languages and literature, as well as psychology, led her to delve deeply into the figures she embodies.
Explaining how he never heard "such amazing vocals" in his career in heavy metal, he explained how "Chris can delve low and growl with the best of them, and then a millisecond later, take his voice high enough to give any soul diva a run for her money.
Kripke noted that the staff loves to delve into the Winchesters' childhoods, and deemed it "too good an opportunity to pass up" to be able to depict how Sam "lost his innocence".
Straczynski said his script was a sequel, but would also delve into the Surfer's origins.
He saved U.S. Steel Corporation substantial sums of money and ultimately decided to delve even further into this new enterprise.
She presents the reader with various autobiographical narratives and vignettes written to inspire the reader to delve into their own currere and examine their own self-understanding.
In his efforts to "shuffle the pack", Buckle would now have to delve into the loan market and also make some tough decisions with the current squad members.
Neuse designed it so that it could be open to interpretation by players, though stating that they intended it to delve into starring character Commander Video's psyche, and "what it means to have emotions and personal space."
Wayne Reynolds has continued to produce interior illustrations for many Dungeons & Dragons books and Dragon magazine since 1999, as well as cover art for Deep Dwarven Delve (1999), Reverse Dungeon (2000), Complete Warrior (2003), and several books for the Eberron campaign setting.
The committee, whose mission was to delve into the fight against corruption, published the well-known Rodríguez Conde Report in 1944, proposing two decrees to remove CHADE's status as a legal person.
Visually stunning, melodramatic in its storytelling, and unafraid to delve into deep philosophical musings."
Finally, Collectors Weekly writers publish articles that often delve into the technological and social histories of objects.
Sanborn further stated that in order to solve section 4, "You'd better delve into that particular clock".
The band described the main theme of "SING" as "subversion, and to delve under the skin of certain individuals politically, socially, and also to reach national television to talk about how we feel about the world."
They then delve into wood to a depth of  creating a network of tunnels there.
Early in the 1980s Pierson, was inspired to delve into the relatively untapped comedy market after meeting Englishman Roy Nicolson in 1982, who was the songwriter for Toto Coelo's "I Eat Cannibals", which reached No.
But then I began to delve into old Danish pop classics from various artists like Kim Larsen and Sanne Salomonsen and many others and took on myself to convey myself this way".
These delve, like Die Begegnung [The Encounter] (1979) and Memory of Edward (1981), into the 19th century world, or they design, as in the 1980 completed trilogy Der Innere Bezirk [The Inner District], conscious alternative plans for their own biography.
Jason Hughes of TV Squad wrote a review with mixed reactions, writing "American Dad didn't delve as deeply into its controversial subject matter of racial stereotypes on television, as the episode was focused more on the importance of communication in a successful marriage.
This was more than enough to encourage Anderson to fully delve into the Chicago poetry slam scene, prompting her to begin her own spoken word group called "The Words to Swallow Poets".
[...] Realm of Terror gave you everything you needed to delve into the Ravenloft campaign setting.
David Delve as Alec
Gunud : delve underground, excavate, tunnel.
It was a fortunate set of circumstances that helped him to delve deeply into some of the basic texts of Nyaya.
Of the presentation elements, the story was the least praised, though several reviewers such as Noble enjoyed it, saying that it "just gets better the further you delve into it."
O'Donnell said, "The 30-minute show will allow us to review more games, produce more stories about game culture and delve deeper into gaming's rich history".
Over at Massive Dynamic, Nina Sharp's (Blair Brown) attempts to delve into Scott's memories for information hit a dead end when they find out that crucial pieces of his memories are missing; they soon discover that the memories they need are in Olivia's mind.
About her future, she says: "I am trying to build on my international success within any industry where actors are respected as artists, and where I can find great scripts that allow me to delve into a story that leaves the here and now behind."
Thus the student community could delve into the digital world and could improve much more.
Immediately following the orientation program, students are flown to their respective locations where they delve into the intensive language programs.
You do serious research, delve into the site, into the problem."
Wilkins did not delve into the club's funds to buy a replacement, preferring to make the most of young talent like Danny Dichio and Kevin Gallen.
During six weeks of rehearsals, he tried to encourage the young people to delve into themselves, perceiving themselves, to overcome anxieties, and to find a new self-confidence based on body perception.
The label continues to concentrate on country music but true to its name, it reserves the right to delve into any genre it fancies.
The versions of the songs tried to match the action on-screen: Bates detailed that "White Rabbit" "starts out very ethereal, getting [Babydoll] into the mindset of the dance, and once the girls have their assignment, once they delve in with machineguns and other weapons, the song starts to bloom into this epic, rich, full orchestral choral fanfare."
It attempted to delve into the mental states of its characters using the technique of 'montage', based on Eisenstein's film theories.
The network helped change his mind by telling him the series could not be exclusively about technology, and that they believed he could help them delve deep into the characters to create stakes.
She has the breadth and depth of knowledge and perceptive ability to delve into little - known scores and present new and different listening experiences.
In recent years Simonsen has also regularly traveled to Rosario in Argentina to seek inspiration and delve deeper into the Latin American tango culture.
Chris Jones in the Chicago Tribune wrote of the show: "Sure, D’Amour ultimately does not delve as deep as one might wish into the implications of the situation she so richly and vividly realizes.
Stephens incorporated and embodied Calverley's discoveries and descriptions into one of the chapters of his book Old Northern Runic Monuments The communications with Stephens encouraged Calverley to delve deeper into the subject and in 1883 he announced to the Archaeological Institute at Carlisle, his reading of Edda myths on the Christian cross at Gosforth, West Cumberland.
While other episodes delve into AI, street art and religion in modern society.
Tiffany Vogt of The TV Watchtower wrote a good review saying, "Giving a new meaning to the phrase "walk of shame" this week’s episode opened with a classic horror movie scene [...] The horror-level is certainly not diminishing as we delve deeper into the series.
He earned a Bachelor's degree of Agriculture in 1993 but his love and passion of music made him study music and delve deeper into the study of Eastern Music scales and Harmony.
At the suggestion of her label executives, Simpson modified her image and sound in Irresistible, deciding to delve more into the teen pop and R&B genres, as she felt that restyling herself to match the image of her contemporaries—Spears and Christina Aguilera—would help rejuvenate her career.
The character was introduced as a plot device by Monty to delve into Robert Scorpio's (Tristan Rogers) background.
Although the authors did not delve deep in the physiology of how electric fields affect plants, they did propose that ions are being regulated during this experiment.
Owen Wilson stated at a Cars 3 press event that possible stories have been discussed for a Cars 4, though he would personally like for a fourth Cars film to delve into aspects of the thriller genre, akin to Cars 2.
Despite finding some inconsistencies with the animation in places, Martin praised the series for its action scenes, soundtrack and humor, concluding that: "Watching Ben-To definitely will not strain your brain, and doesn't delve into themes any more complicated than the value of integrity, or fostering a passion for life.
Lenet led DFJ Frontier's investment in MaxPreps, a Sacramento area company which was purchased by CBS Sports; Lipomics Technologies, which was sold to Tethys Bioscience; Delve Networks, which was sold to Limelight Networks (Nasdaq:LLNW); World of Good, which was sold to eBay (Nasdaq:EBAY); and Unsubscribe, which was sold to TrustedID.
He began to delve more deeply into the theory of fluorescence polarization and also began to develop methods which would allow study of proteins that did not contain an intrinsic fluorophore such as FAD or NADH.
We don't delve into a region which we don't know anything about, into the so-called 'unconscious.
She appears to spend much of her time abusing alcohol, surrounded by like-minded rich youth that also delve into cocaine.
"Hermanos" was the first episode to delve into Gus Fring's backstory, although much remains unexplained about the character's past in Chile, which Gus seems anxious to keep concealed.
The publications also delve into the issue of artists’ relations with art dealers in the early 20th century, notably, they provide insight into Henri Matisse’s relationship with Leo, Gertrude, Sarah and Michael Stein well as Russian art lovers Sergey Shchukin and Ivan Morozov, and reveal the collaboration between Jonas Netter and painters like Amedeo Modigliani, Chaïm Soutine and others.
The Shanwei city government offered to appoint an inter-agency committee to delve into the land seizure allegations in exchange for an immediate end to the protests.
Everything you wanted to know about the weekend, but didn't really delve into...  A weekly segment in which Bernard O'Shea (now the host of the 2FM breakfast show himself) reports on some of the bigger news stories from the weekend.
When the police delve deeper into the victims' background, they discover that the two victims were stationed at the same military base many years ago.
Other reviewers also played up the zeitgeist angle of the film, including Screen Daily'''s Mark Adams who said that Dad Made Dirty Movies "does a great job in capturing the feel of the era," adding that "fans of cult exploitation films of the late 1960s and early 1970s will relish this engagingly balanced delve into the work of Stephen C.
According to Sarah Godfrey of The Washington Post, The MF Life expands on the traditional R&B influences of Fiona's debut album, with some songs Andy Kellman from AllMusic said delve into soft rock and classic soul influences.
The title is set in the top border which includes objects which are hinted at, you have to delve into this miniature and explore it to discover these.
Kia Makarechi from The Huffington Post commented, "Rihanna doesn't normally do extended dance scenes, so it's interesting to see the singer go the path of the Britneys and Christinas before her and delve into some deeper choreography."
With a major focus on her work on feminism in organization communication she is able to delve into areas of underrepresented gender groups.
Priya Elan of NME praised the different styles the duo delve into that recall dark films and gothic music, concluding that, "[T]he way they’ve leapfrogged their contemporaries in terms of ambition and scope is terrifying.
Critics pointed out that the investigation appeared to have been compromised and that the prosecution may have felt intimidated, seeing as how it chose not to delve any further, likely figuring that Lee would be elected president.
After a few years of work at Satya Shodhana, he took over responsibilities as secretary of the Kannada Sahitya Parishath and worked with influential writers like Masti Venkatesha Iyengar, B. M. Srikantaiah and others which further strengthened his resolve to delve deeper into the heritage of Karnataka.
But whether we get that happiness is the question which I want to delve through this film."
He admires the film's ability to delve into deeper, more emotionally vulnerable areas of the human psyche than conventional love stories.
Both groups delve into the past in order to create a more solid and concrete understanding of it.
With metaphors and imagery hiding in each crevice of each song, I am sure I will find more treasures as I delve into Audrey’s heart each time I listen to her warm and captivating voice.
It was in this capacity as cosmographer-major that Muñoz began to delve more deeply into history.
Zelal is an invitation to delve into the world of psychiatry and "madness" in Egypt, in Abbasiya's mental hospital.
Cohon decided to combine his international business experience and his love of Russia to delve into another business: entertainment.
Andy and Lauren arrived in Minneapolis to delve into what little information they had on Farren's past.
(these components are enough to completely control the depth and length of the cut and thus forming the slots), to instantly cut through the steel casing, through the cement to delve into the productive formation and keep the jets in this state while moving along the borehole, keeping the same depth of cut.
Jeff Petermen at Action Attack Helicopter Magazine gave the record an A, calling it "A wonderful delve into Indie rock."
Ward has his roots in new wave but isn't afraid to delve into other genres including country and folk and he cites his main influences as Elvis Costello, Hank Williams, The Beatles, Townes Van Zandt and Ray Davies.
However, she praises the series' effort to delve deeper than the usual USA series.
Pulling the Right Threads acts to commemorate Goodale’s work as well as delve further into ethnographic work quoting: 
His last game as a Rebels player was a home game against New Zealand franchise the Highlanders, a match that also turned out to be the last Rebels match for head coach Damien Hill and players James O'Connor, Cooper Vuna, Gareth Delve, Nick Phipps and Nic Henderson.
Instead of overlooking this, the therapist would begin to delve into the slip and determine the underlying cause of it, which Freud claimed as generally some unconscious impulse.
It was the intention of the Admiralty that these ships were to be named after captains that served with Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar but as building continued, it became necessary to delve back further into history for names of admirals and captains of reputation.
Something Different received a multitude of mixed opinions during its time in theaters, and despite Realart Pictures’ aggressive advertising near the start of its lifetime, viewers’ reviews gradually grew more critical as they moved on to delve into other, more entertaining films.
In an interview with Billboard, Solveig explained that Madonna had ample amount of time to delve into the project, hence after working on one song, they continued recording.
Siahaan wrote that the film "may have limitations in its execution and presentation, but is highly commendable for its ability to raise social questions and delve into the nation’s history."
When studious Noemi and rebellious Michelle are assigned the task of helping a mysterious French resident named Anouk while studying at seminary in Safed, they begin to delve into the mystical in hopes of finding healing for her ailments.
Simultaneously he began his research on fractal composition—an exercise that allowed him to delve deeper into the meaning of scale—and on paper supports that offered atmosphere and character in themselves.
A master's degree in public policy is geared toward analysts who want to delve fully into the details of economics, public finance and research.
Ed Greenwood explained that his incentives for working on this book involved "the chance to delve into some of the hitherto-neglected facets of running high-level campaigns, including trade, intrigue, and social matters, and the opportunity to tackle the project alongside Eric L. Boyd, who's a great friend, superb 3.5e designer, and top-notch Realms expert".
His works include long-term, multi-media projects that delve into Latin American history through a combination of scholarly research, anthropology, photography, moving images and printed texts.
These awards delve into India’s hidden resource that cradles the wounded, makes peace among communities and improves lives of others with their selfless acts.
These workshops engage with contemporary biotechnologies in order to delve into larger philosophical and ethical issues surrounding the extent to which humans manipulate other living organisms.
The website's critical consensus reads, "While it's certainly timely and beautifully filmed, The Bling Ring suffers from director Sofia Coppola's failure to delve beneath the surface of its shallow protagonists' real-life crimes."
He doesn't want to delve into things.
Producer Ramprasad stated that the film would delve "into the serious issue of having a partner in life to support after he or she becomes a widower or widow."
 Description: Patrick McCord doesn't accept the explanation of his sister's mysterious death as suicide, and instead teams up with a team of paranormal investigators to delve deeper into the inexplicable circumstances that surround what he believes to be murder.
'Pop Song' doesn't delve too deeply into all this.
Yoo emphasizes the discrimination against the ever-increasing number of Southeast Asian women who come to Korea for prearranged marriages, saying he wanted to "portray seemingly insurmountable obstacles facing people who desire to make a difference and beat the odds," and delve into "the pain, desire and deficiency that love bears."
The story idea came from writer Howard Brenton, who wanted to delve into the world of suicide bombings, a significant issue in national security.
Webb concludes the review by saying "Hellbound doesn't quite delve deep enough into the background of the Blood War to be a classic.
The second season was already being written prior to the first season's debut, with Vincent Elbaz unwilling to commit before reading the scripts and the writers aiming to delve more into the characters' past.
Meditation had such a positive influence in her life that she decided to delve deeper and in March 2007 she became a certified Chopra Center instructor in Primordial Sound Meditation.
Anne Tyler commented in a 1992 interview with Patricia Willrich that Celestial Navigation was far more difficult to write than her previous four novels, because she had finally learned to delve deeper into her characters and to rework her drafts multiple times.
In 2021, Edwards set up Jamal Edwards Delve, a project aimed at refurbishing and reopening youth centres.
Her approach to the character saw her delve into Gillian's psychology, with Walker particularly interested in the contradiction between Gillian's sexual confidence and her use of sex as a form of self-punishment.
It invites the audience to delve deep beneath the rugged, craggy portrait of the society that we live in.
As Brody undergoes therapy, Wes urges him not to delve deeper into the mystery, but ultimately admits that the Iraqi had been unarmed, and Wes had planted a weapon on him to protect Brody.
Mark Adams of Screen International writes "A delightfully astute and compassionate delve into the life of a 58 year-old divorcee looking for company, romance and perhaps even love, director Sebastián Lelio’s engaging, amusing and oddly uplifting Gloria is a film that will strike a chord with audiences of a certain age.
Being a Catechumen, it is the player's job to delve into the Roman catacombs to free them.
one-shot by writer Mark Waid and artist Andre Lima Araujo will delve into the repercussions of the storyline for Hank Pym.
Black Chain Stories (A Chain of Dark Tales, in English publication) is a collection of Kafkaesque short stories (some extremely short), which delve into the question of what being means, and what the loss of being means.
There are just so many areas that we can delve into...Cost is never a factor.
But delve deeper and this is an album reveals itself as a gem; one which mixes their crowd-pleasing hooks with an inventive shift in their sound."
Clerks in the British Admiralty were often called upon to delve into the dusty past, to complete Mr. Saunders' record of some old time sailing ship.
Referring to This England and its preceding album, which featured Sinfonia da Requiem, Horay said the recordings "showcase Kalmar and his band as supreme interpreters of Benjamin Britten's amazingly colorful brand of orchestral anxiety, inviting the listener to delve ever deeper into painful, yet rewarding, symphonic ambivalence."
4 friends Kalim (Angad Bedi), Gautam (Neil Bhoopalam), Maya (Kangana Ranaut) and Abhay (Randeep Hooda) delve into what seems to be their "first case" , having started the Ungli gang, which fights against corruption.
The film tries to delve deeper into the harsh realities faced by different generations of immigrants as they try to build a life in the adopted land yet unable to let go of their pasts.
Madhureeta Mukherjee of the Times of India gave the movie 3/5 stars mentioning " Sonam Nair's 'coming of puberty' film handles simple issues sensitively, though it doesn't delve too deep.
These changes prompted researchers to delve deeper into the issues surrounding organizational technoethics in how technology was shaping the workplace, whether positively or negatively, and the ethical issues that may arise.
During this time, Petra was involved in a series of other projects and she directed the award winning short film Droopy Eyes, until she finally felt prepared to delve into her memories of her sister.
Destiny is nearly completely new material offering three new character types: Arkus, Delve, and Wright, new descriptors and new foci.
In November 2011, Bleu said that the series would soon delve into Jeffrey's past and reveal his "true purpose".
The game attempts to delve into character development of Blazkowicz, unlike its predecessors—a choice from the developers to interest players in the story.
Through exploration of such subjects Veleko continues to delve deeper and defy clichés of outdated perceptions of South Africans, and Africans in a larger context, that have been largely focused on the notions of fashion and the way of life.
They delve into negative aspects of the adult film industry including feeling objectified by others, plastic surgery to improve their appearance for further work in the field, disagreements over their work with their relatives, contracting of sexually-transmitted diseases, and abuse of recreational drugs.
In August, executive producer Shane Brennan was asked if the show would delve more deeply into the storyline surrounding Ziva's captivity and torture in Somalia that took place in the previous season.
Wu Pei-yi, another recent historian, believes that the book's appeal lies in "the elements of style that it shares with the modern art of photography: the vivid and minute inventory of visual detail, the refusal to delve behind the facade, the preoccupation with the present moment, and the concealment of a narrator."
Many would soon delve into real estate and then reinvested their proceeds and gains into any business that they deemed profitable.
Through Lady Hyegyong's own research and literary pursuits, she was able to delve into a realm of politics formerly reserved for men.
Hence, human rights literature emphasizes the responsibility of the author to delve into writing that is not deliberately isolated from the world and geopolitical events, and regional or global social crises.
It emphasizes the responsibility of the author to delve into writing that is not deliberately cut off from the world, geopolitical changes or social crises.
Billboard complemented the video stating: "Instead of delivering what feels like today's typical rap video (women twerking in the club as rappers drop bills and sip on the alcohol they've recently co-signed), Juicy J gives fans a quick storyline to delve into in the video for his The Weeknd-assisted "One Of Those Nights."
Frederick William Delve, , Chief Officer, London Fire Brigade.
The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals held that District Court Judge Brian Barnett Duff abused his discretion in allowing the Defendants to delve into the gory details of Wilson's past crimes against police officers despite the fact that it was undisputed that Wilson was convicted of those crimes.
The films delve into the experiences of working mother's throughout Canada, with some of the films focused on an individual women, including Our Dear Sisters, whose subject was Indigenous filmmaker Alanis Obomsawin.
Though an episode was filmed to clear some of the questions by showing the events that led up to her captivity, it did not delve into her time as a hostage and de Pablo later confirmed that the ambiguity of what had happened during those four months was intentional.
From this, more interest was garnered to delve into further specific work on eugenics practices in Western Canada, especially given that there were still many survivors of sexual sterilization in Alberta.
),  – replacements: 16.Richard Hibbard, 18.John Yapp, 19.Gareth Delve, 21.James Hook, 22.Chris Czekaj     –  No entry: 17.Rhys M. Thomas, 20.Andy Williams
),  – replacements: 16.Richard Hibbard, 17.Rhys M. Thomas, 19.Gareth Delve, 20.Andy Williams, 22.Matthew Watkins     –  No entry: 18.John Yapp, 21.Nathan Brew
Such sentiments inspired her to delve into the theme of unconditional love.
Songs like "6th Sense" and "Gold Soul Theory" delve into the group's daily practice of opening up their "third eye," which in turn allows them to creep into creative spaces they wouldn't otherwise be able to access.
David and Exel delve into the lore of 'Dawnslight', a believed good Epic who watches over the city and grants it with glowing lights on the spraypaint on the side of the walls of buildings, as well as filling the interiors of the city's skyscrapers with luscious, jungle-like greenery and fruit to feed the people.
“If we delve into the subject more deeply, we may find that this custom dates back to before the 19th century.”
Beesley is a revelation as Natalie and we see her character jump off the screen and delve to new depths as the story develops.
The molecular toxins and mechanisms that makeup the venom in this family is different from the more well known species and probes researchers to delve more in this unexplored species.
Smaller classroom sizes allow Ecole teachers to provide a highly personalised education to each student so that they can delve far deeper into an academic subject than they normally would.
You will explore towns, delve dungeons, climb towers and, just maybe, find Arche a snack or two.
To fully understand emotional abandonment, we will delve into factors such as the impairment and treatment considerations, separation anxiety, and psychological trauma such as PTSD, Borderline personality disorder, and autophobia.
The subsequent novels, "Sophomore Campaign" and "Welcome to the Show," delve deeper into the mind and experiences of Mickey, as well as those closest to him.
Tunde Babalola, the scriptwriter commented: "As a writer, I want to delve into subjects that people don’t want to talk about.
They also attempt to delve into the mystery of Heu-Heu, a monstrous, 12-foot-tall, clawed and red-bearded semi-gorilla god who may or may not exist.
Initially NASA's COBE and WMAP satellites, and in recent years ESA's Planck satellite, have provided precise maps of the CMB that enable astrophysicists to delve into the history of the Universe, constraining its geometry and the properties of its constituents.
Notice, by the Institute, "Classroom ARCA", meeting of the higher schools of theater, music and dance from all over the State to delve into the February statement.
Users can navigate the dashboard by scrolling through sorted data or drilling down to view the volume of conversation, demographics, or total reach, with the option to delve into more detailed metrics about the customers who use the products or interact with the brands.
Amanda Craig wrote in The Independent that Cooke's "writing does not delve deep but is eloquent, concise, fair-minded, witty and elegant."
Those are the influences behind the game... you actually delve into the psyche of what makes him what he is, which is where I think so much of the interest in Batman is."
Some videos delve into the background of popular culture myths and explore special effects in movies.
The deeper I delve into Hadrian's world and his time, the more parallels I see to how we live today."
The title track is one of the album's four ballads that, along with four of the remaining six up-tempo tracks, delve into the subject of relationships, but it is the synth-driven "Step by Step" and the anthemic "Hold On" on which Mathis take a break from the usual focus on love songs.
As the connection between the two journalists deepen, they delve further and further into Menuhin's past, as well as that of the Iraqi-Jewish community, in an attempt to find clues as to what may have happened to her father.
The song's lyrics delve into Lo's hedonistic attempts to forget her former boyfriend.
It's hard to think Piketty did something unethical when he put it up there for people like me to delve into his figures and find something that looks sketchy ... Piketty has been as good or better than anyone at both making all his data available and documenting what he does generally".
The acquisition was made to improve existing Microsoft offerings such as Microsoft Office 365 and Microsoft Delve.
Her work begins with a singular person or idea and through her own independent research and exploration will delve into her chosen topic until she feels comfortable beginning her artwork.
Gary O'Neil's free kick found Cameron Jerome in space and his header seemed goalbound only for Keiren Westwood to delve into the top drawer and prevent the opening goal.
I'm just excited to really delve into her personal life next year".
Fate Reforged features three new mechanics, with Prowess, Ferocious, and Delve returning from Khans of Tarkir.
He summarized the review by saying that "While this new IP doesn’t stray far from the established Souls franchise, it is a magical, wondrous work that admirably instills both terror and triumph in those brave enough to delve into it."
Santhosh uses this period of Kerala's socio-political history to delve into questions of how ideological convictions of human beings clash with their inner personality.
Hawkins largely drew from the aforementioned personal issues for lyrical material on the album, and it largely being created by the core trio, the band was able to delve farther into their preferred music stylings, which the band described as more in the progressive rock, alternative rock, and hard rock veins than prior releases.
Although early "mock-up" versions of the book were circulated among Sherman's close friends and members of his family in 2004, according to the editor's introductory chapter, "About Moose", mass publication had to be delayed "for reasons too cumbersome to delve into here."
Kaiser also states that the main story of the episode with Nolan and Pottinger, gives the show the opportunity to delve into Pottinger’s character a little bit more.
With Raja on the large, and with no clue helping Vikram to nab him, Vikram decides to delve into Raja's life.
The title Mirror's Edge Catalyst was formally announced in June 2015 prior to E3 2015; DICE product manager Sara Jansson affirmed that the game is not a sequel but would delve into more of Faith's past while expanding on the original game's first-person perspective experience.
I always like to delve into the past to look at the future.
Sonja Brodt agrees that "it is ultimately contingent upon the reader to delve deeply into the historical analysis for any lessons it might hold".
AppSpy said "Quell is a beautifully relaxing puzzle title to delve in to and even when things get rough it's easy to get lost in the moment and just play for the sake of chilling out".
He has a unique talent in solving crimes, which leads him to delve into many mysteries.
For an understanding of the classification chart, we must delve somewhat into the mysteries of the classification and indexing.
As Charli and Lucy delve deeper into the mystery, they begin to discover the extraordinary measures their father has taken – some clever, some desperate – to keep an entire people hidden in an increasingly treacherous world.
 Gareth Delve from  NEC Green Rockets
Upon perceiving his disinterest in doing so, she curses the family, compelling them all, and Aviel especially, to delve into their dark and troubled past while confronting their own bleak present.
It was not until Ballerini heard "Stupid Boy" by Keith Urban that she decided to delve deeper into country music by listening to albums by Taylor Swift, Sugarland, and Dixie Chicks.
During the Great Depression Boyd was able to delve into real estate, buying ranch lands in the area of Deep Canyon.
Hawkins largely drew from the aforementioned personal issues for lyrical material on the album, and it largely being created by the core trio, the band was able to delve farther into their preferred music stylings, which was more of a progressive rock, alternative rock, and hard rock direction than prior releases.
A well-received series at the time, it has enticed Time-Life to delve much deeper into the subject of the American Civil War with follow-up releases as companion series, it in the process arguably becoming Time-Life's  most revisited topic.
Hurwitz left Global Asset Management after two years forming his own company, Delve, to develop the R&D in data visualisation and reporting.
In 2005, Hurwitz's company Delve was acquired by Alternative Investment Market listed company Statpro Group PLC (SOG).
However, if you delve a little deeper into the music you realize that they've got solid musicianship backing him up, delivering that one-two punch that Southern metalcore really needs to stay alive.
Critical reception has been mixed: The Spectators Michael Bywater called it "a magnificent job", further commenting that "since reading Bitcoin I have been thinking about money ... with the same sort of intensity that atheists reserve for their relationship with God", however The Economist mused that "for any book on bitcoin to be worth reading, though, it has to delve further".
Meg Rosoff, writing for The New York Times, felt that the execution "fell oddly flat"; she enjoyed the "snappy characterizations" of the privileged family, but felt that overall the novel was not able to fully delve into the personalities of the characters.
The text goes on to delve into how the public viewer is shaped and formed by corporations and television.
This work was supplemented by additional primary materials which he discovered in the archives that allowed him to delve further into certain areas.
November 6: Head: The Monkees delve into psychedelia in an ambitious but unpromoted and little seen film co-written and co-produced by Jack Nicholson.
Short texts analyze the history of critical reception, artistic tastes, and anthropological aspects of art; provide in-depth studies of historiographical works and debates; and delve into theoretical questions or specific genres chosen by artists.
Frederick William Delve, Deputy Inspector-in-Chief, National Fire Service.
For this reason, it does not want to delve into the origin, nor in the context, much less the diversity around the dishes, it sells.
He soon dropped the chronological scheme and proceeded to delve into his own musical past, giving the dances quirky titles that recalled his humoristic piano pieces of the previous decade.
Richard Evans Schultes was an admired figure by many, he also had an eerie side to him that Guerra wanted to delve further into.
When Shane arrives at a remote country estate, he's offered much money not to delve into the private affairs of the Fandon family.
Musically, "We Wanna" is a dance-pop song inspired by 90s electro music and Paul Johnson's "Get Get Down" (1999), whose lyrics delve on themes such as enjoyment and partying.
Publishers Weekly said "Heath excels at writing passionate romantic tension, and this emotional page-turner showcases her stunning ability to delve into the characters’ innermost souls."
Tim Dodderidge, rating the album a 7.5 out of ten by Mind Equal Blown, describes, "Though it takes some time to fully grow to like Redirect, the passion it possesses holds a lasting impact on those willing to delve into it."
Digital Spy's Lewis Corner and Amy Davidson noticed that "'Good for You' allows Selena to delve deeper than she has been allowed to before, but we wouldn't want her to ditch the polished pop gems altogether".
Storm and Jean delve into his mind to rid him of his mental instability, but find out he discovered a mutant genocide which unhinged him.
A large number of analytical tests allow scientists to examine the meteorites and delve into their complex histories.
The cast included and David Delve, Eric Allen, John Hudson and Jason Salkey.
The unique accompanying backing track supports the soloist and reproduces the same invigorating energy as the album recording, providing a chance to delve into the music and immerse yourself in a truly exhilarating experience.
It was designed by Delve Withrington with Dave Bailey and Thomas Jockin.
Moore worked with the director and editor John Walter to delve into the mysterious life and death of Johnson, an artist whose “world was made up of amazing coincidences, serendipities and karmic gags,” according to Michael Kimmelman of The New York Times.
After feeding on the foliage, the larvae will then delve down and feed on the tubers and roots of the plant.
Awarding the EP four and a half stars at 365 Days of Inspiring Media, Jonathan Andre writes, "Jonny continues to deliver music with a message, even after his lucrative deal to delve into the country music genre...Jonny’s music has always been the same, and the same can be said of this new EP."
They delve into the mysteries surrounding the unique transformation of Ash's Greninja and face a prophecy concerning the destruction of Kalos with the involvement of the Legendary Pokémon Zygarde.
Because application of the per se rule is appropriate only where restraints undoubtedly will impede competition, cases in which there was not clear and unambiguous horizontal price fixing have prompted the Court to err on the side of caution and delve deeper before condemning the challenged arrangements.
The surreal tale unravels as its protagonists delve into the legends of the sleepy suburban town they live in.
In the mid-1960s, Jochen Gerz began to delve into the dialectic between image and text.
Steven Hansen from Destructoid praised the game's design concept and giving it a perfect 10/10 by saying that "[t]hese are the kind of things you learn as you delve deeper and deeper into Downwell's four worlds (three levels each) and they are presented intelligently."
Natsuhiko uses SS to delve into Yuuri’s memories, learning that her death was faked and she was imprisoned in LABO to be tested as an SS user; when the current incident began, Yuuri guided Natsuhiko with SS through his memories to overcome his PTSD.
While research has begun to delve into these questions, many remain unanswered.
In scene seven, all actors take on the role of Marianne once more, and delve into her intimate thoughts and feelings surrounding the courtroom shooting.
The film does not delve into Rhythm House’s commercial history but instead asserts its role in enhancing Mumbai’s musical culture over the decades.
Guided retreats (individual & groups) are available to those who want to delve deeper into their relationship with Christ within a monastic setting.
Ivy of the Delve 
Ivy of the Delve Series 
Continuing to delve into her passion for learning, Bresslau took courses in medieval, modern, and art history at her father's university, the University of Strasbourg.
Sandrine Feydel and Denis Delestrac delve into the world of green banking in this documentary, reporting that investors buy up the habitats of endangered species and then sell them in the form of shares.
Often materializing in the form of large ultra-chrome prints, his photographs toy with the manipulation of light and contrast and delve into the art of visual storytelling, holding the narrative of his subjects up with careful scrutiny and heightened sensitivity.
Tomine had started losing interest in comics and tried to delve in alternative comics, finding that the manga, along with other works, reignited his passion for them.
He decided to delve into the animated or moving picture business with his headliner, marqueed as 'World Renowned Animated Pictures and Refined Vaudeville Entertainments'.
Ferri states: "Perhaps being a woman helps me delve into the motions, or perhaps not.
There's a deeper pathos to Miranda's situation, but the season doesn't delve deeply into that until late, by which time haters will have long since backed off.
To delve into the matter, landmarks are key components during the foundation of the modern nation state.
His experimentations delve into his personal archives of films and videos, stored over time, in order to compose visual and sound arrangements specific to each session.
It is important to understand the book is not about self-immolation, but uses this horrific reality as a way to focus and then delve into the fervent emotions central to Tibetans and their long search for national and individual freedoms.
Be it coming up to enjoy a family picnic by the rose garden, delve into the estate's history, view art from institutions around the world, or take in a jazz recital on the lawn, Bellosguardo will become a new home for art, music, history, and culture on the California coast."
Keleta-Mae added that the song has acted as a blueprint for how artists can "unequivocally delve into the politics that matter to them while simultaneously holding mainstream attention".
Owt told listeners to "take time to hear every sound, delve into each layer and let the music feed the creativity that exists deep in all our thoughts.
I’m just excited to really delve into her personal life next year."
Using film and photography, she creates outlandish characters and fantasy worlds which she uses to delve into politics, society and identity.
Courtney continued to delve into unique and sometimes difficult family situations in books like All the Things You Are (2011)  and Edgewater (2015).
As an initiated sangoma, Siwani has also used her artistic practice to delve into religious subjects and the often-perplexing relationship between Christianity and African spirituality.
The lyrics of the recording delve on Stefani's insecurities in a relationship that "will likely have its shares of ups and downs": "I'm so scared, I don't know what to do".
Buddhist text do not delve too deeply into the idea of marriage because Buddhism leaves the decision to marry up to each individual person.
The show is applauded for its attempt to delve into the deeper issues that plagued those who came home after World War II.
I don't want to delve into high policy, but I want to say one thing: You know the English report their worldwide ship movements through these codes.
At every single stations visitors can choose the depth at which they want to delve into the topic.
Basu's wife, Tani Basu, led the creative development of the show to delve deeper into cultural references and political and social manifestations.
Gamasutra described this video as a "passionate delve into the most granular details of level design".
The second book, the prequel will be called The Strange Case of Miss Sarah X, and will see a youthful Kreizler, after finishing his psychology training at Harvard, fall under the spell of William James, have his first run-in with Roosevelt, and delve into the secret life of Sara Howard.
For example, research on problem gamblers describes a characteristic chronic spin, a process wherein the gamblers delve into a world of gambling that increasingly comes to rule their lives, while their ability to get out of the spin decreases as the process goes on.
This is an event where players go through a 10-days long program, in which they have to tackle World Boss, compete in PvP tournament and delve into an Ancient Island.
Throughout the year, though primarily in the summer, the MESS Hall also holds a variety of workshops to delve deeper into science topics, from fossils to kitchen chemistry.
Two incidents inspired him to delve further: A talk with his uncle, Frank Augustus Hill, a Jamaican journalist and labor activist to whom the first volume is dedicated, and his winning a national essay prize writing on Garvey, which led to meetings with Garveyites in Jamaica."
The lyrical themes of the recording delve on sex and how the singer and her suitor are clumsy during intimate moments.
The main aim for the next few years is to delve into worldwide astronomical history and culture, looking to determine the best-known stellar appellations to use as the officially recognised names.
The introduction simply places the player in the role of an unnamed explorer who must delve into a subterranean labyrinth to locate 11 hidden treasures and return them to the surface.
She also hosts a weekly show on her YouTube channel, Vintage Space, as well as hosting a weekly podcast of the same name, both of which delve into the history of space flight around the world.
Struggling to provide for his family with his jobs as a busboy and dishwasher however, David began making regular trips to Canal Street to delve into financial possibilities, and in 1983, Thai became a member of the Flying Dragons, one of the largest gangs in Chinatown at the time.
To fully prepare for the role, Pérez gained weight interviewed Andrade to clarify some issues and delve into some of his experiences.
Additionally, a member at the website Arama Japan believed the lyrics delve into an "answer [of] humanity's hesitation towards conflict."
Cafarella chose to not delve into the issue of Nellie wanting to keep the child, allowing "more nuanced, if less dramatic, questions to be raised," and used decades of research to explore issues without passing judgement.
The album's themes delve into "depression, rejection, being in love and monetary worries to name a few", according to Duce.
Sherman said it "isn't as unsettling as it could be: there are terrors, after all, which reflect the characters' primal fears, yet Esuno doesn't delve as deeply into 'em as he could".
Ken Dryden of Allmusic said "Tommaso's charts delve into bop and cool, with Konitz primarily playing the Varitone (a form of electronic saxophone that was experimented with briefly and abandoned by reed players in the late '60s), though he does play some alto sax and also makes a rare appearance on flute (doubling on it in "Take Seven").
She was able to communicate stories from the protagonist’s perspective, allowing the listener to delve into the psyche of her characters -- to feel the pain and joy of an icon personified.
They delve into the jazz canon with an intricate duet of 'Solar', a driving, Latin-fused take of 'Four on Six' (in which Abercrombie overdubs an electric mandolin), and a dreamy duo interpretation of 'If You Could See Me Now.'
SuperMegaMonkey of Comics Chronology stated that, despite being a sequel to The Scorpio Connection, it does not really delve into the Scorpio history any further; Howard Chaykin also drew the Scorpio Connection but did not get any writing credits for it and probably felt some ownership or connection with the characters.
A music video was made for the track which features Fernández hopelessly attempting to not remember his lover only to slowly delve into insanity.
It is not clear why OneNote, Outlook, Sway, Delve, and Office Lens are not included in the Office category.
Microsoft does not list its cross-platform apps for Xbox, Solitaire Collection, Money, Sports, News, Weather, Sway, Delve, Office Lens, GroupMe, or Bing on the Phone Companion.
However, the Applicant thereafter instructed agents to delve into the Respondent's finances and found that Mrs Arbili was in line to receive a share of her parents £2.1m property on the French Riviera.
Released for Windows, OS X, and PlayStation 4 on November 3, 2015, and PlayStation Vita and Wii U on August 18, 2016, Poncho (stylized as PONCHO) is an action game developed by Delve Interactive.
He further blamed Rising Star Games for a lack of support; the publisher responded by stating that Delve had consistently missed milestones.
 Poncho (video game), an action game developed by Delve Interactive
Stylistically, W Face serves as a concept album and delve into two personal sides of the singer: Inside deals with emotional themes, while Outside portrays an aggressive and uptempo approach.
Musically, Inside focuses on pop ballads and acoustic arrangements, and lyrically delve into her "softer" and more emotional side.
She attended seminars in the Carl Jung Institute in San Francisco and the Esalen Institute in Big Sur to delve deep into topics such as the age of Aquarius, sacred geometries in the landscape, self-transformation and becoming whole through integration of feminine and  masculine archetypes.
However, the early chapters delve into philosophical questions of the nature of science and present Thurstone's understanding of measurement theory.
After he began teaching at Arizona State University, he started to delve into incorporating narrative scenes into his work.
The koog is part of the municipality of Delve in the county of Dithmarschen.
"Yan’s poetic explorations delve into the meaning of spirituality and the transformation of self.
Over the subsequent decades, Unger's group continued to delve into glucagon's role in controlling blood sugar, as well as how glucagon secretion is regulated.
The development team wanted to delve further into the character of protagonist William "B.J."
Kranish and Fisher delve into Trump's ventures to establish himself in real estate in New York City, and his efforts to become a famous celebrity.
Whilst the creator began to delve into the idea through the creation of Ashin's character when writing the second season, Kim Eun-hee wanted to further examine the collective trauma, grief and resentment born from the experiences of tragedy in the special episode.
Delve and Leete proposed control procedures that eventually became national policy, and also recommended the fitting of warning devices to breathing apparatus so that users were alerted when their oxygen supplies were running low.
Venegas said in a 2004 interview that her music has a "feminine point of view" and does not delve into feminism.
Its composition consists of "hammered" piano chords backed by synthesizers and an orchestra, while the lyrics delve into a long-term troubled relationship and compare it to drug addiction.
In Louisiana History: The Journal of the Louisiana Historical Association, David T. Gleeson, a professor of history at Northumbria University, criticized Rosen for failing to delve into the differences between anti-Semitism in the North and the South.
The novel has been characterized as a lyrically schizoid duet between two distinct but overlapping voices which delve into the inner nature of thoughts, sensations, words, facts, and objects and the relations between each.
One biography felt the album's delve into house music was representative of the musical experimentation that defines the Durutti Column's material.
Grant opined that "Eddo-Lodge accurately takes the temperature of racial discussions in the UK" but that several sections, such as its discussion of the murder of Stephen Lawrence, are too brief, stating that "this kind of book is not designed to delve beyond the headlines in order to draw lessons from the past".
Sir Frederick William Delve,  (28 October 1902 - 2 October 1995), was an English firefighter who became chief fire officer of the London Fire Brigade from 1948 to 1962, and was instrumental in the fire service's adoption of modern telecommunications technologies.
Frederick ('Freddie') Delve was born in Brighton, the son of a tailor, and joined the Royal Navy on his 16th birthday in 1918, working as a wireless telegraphist in the Black Sea, an experience which spawned his enthusiasm for modern telecommunications.
In 1937, with World War II looming, Delve served on a Home Office committee advising on changes to Britain's fire service.
After the war, Delve was appointed Chief Officer of the reconstituted London Fire Brigade in 1948.
Delve and his deputy and successor, Leslie Leete, proposed control procedures that eventually became national policy, and also recommended the fitting of warning devices to breathing apparatus so that users were alerted when their oxygen supplies were running low.
Having been awarded CBE in 1942, Delve was the first LFB chief to be knighted in office, in the 1962 Birthday Honours.
Robin Murray of Clash Magazine spoke positively of the track, saying "it's a fascinating piece of multi-faceted pop [...] bright, shimmering on the surface, Banks is never afraid to delve a little deeper, adding layers of darkness to her songwriting".
His lyrics delve into symbolism and sometimes have been described as "obscure".
However, as time went by, her path in life diverted towards eSports instead and she decided to delve deeper into the scene in Malaysia.
She noted that the film was inspired from her personal experiences, as her parents didn't want her to delve into acting while in school.
While working at the Staatsoper Stuttgart, Peitz was to first delve into documentary making by initiating The Singing City, a cinema documentary about the everyday life of a German opera house (she was the production manager for the film).
Even the raw emotions and ideals that delve into morality and change while ignoring simple happy endings make Person of Interest continue to stand out."
Players can choose to ignore these elements of the game, or can delve deep into these systems in order to improve the character's performance (speed, stamina, carry weight and so on).
While dealing with the systematic corruption of the government, church, and the elite, the two priests delve into criminal profiling, crime scene investigation, and forensic analysis to solve the killings, and eventually, find the murderer.
The third and fourth seasons delve deeper into her personal struggles and battle with alcoholism, including being charged with battery and theft after an altercation with an Uber driver in 2015.
Charles Pulliam-Moore, writing for Gizmodo, said of the earlier MCU films that "[w]hile there are a number of storylines from Marvel's comics that delve deeper into the duality of Banner/Hulk's identity... Marvel's movies have forgone those plot lines in favor of trotting Bruce out to babble about science and break things when necessary".
She called the earlier sequences of the episodes "exhilarating" "[f]or those who want nothing more than to delve into the mysteries of the Black Lodge and whatever happened to Agent Cooper," while also writing that they "provide little respite for fans in search of solid ground."
While the first three parts of the series delve into history, making up for the absence of live footage with great interviews and a stunning assemblage of photographs, the fourth crowns the achievement with something different.
Still, as the characters delve separately and together into their previous lives in search of an explanation for their predicament, the tension rises, personalities are revealed, and common factors emerge—some of them, we learn, are retired, recovering, or repurposed homicidal maniacs."
They had to delve into the show's history and create a link to early characters while staying true to the story.
Claxton got his start in Hollywood as a film editor in the 1940s, where he was employed an editor for Edward Small Productions, as he would move into directing of second feature films by 1950s and 1960s, and also delve into television directing during this period.
Becoming the head of the astrobiology research group in earth sciences, she has been able to delve deeper into her investigation through experimentation involving the activities of mineral and geothermal resources through observing gas hydrates and hydrocarbon seeps.
Trained as a political economist, accountant and yoga teacher, she uses text, voice, body, and critical thinking to delve for truth and dissect power.
As previously mentioned, Dr. Rioch considered middle-aged mothers to be the most successful employees in such a field, and these papers delve deeper into her reasoning.
The birds sit on the flower head and delve into the perianths in search of nectar, at the same time powdering their heads and breasts with pollen from the pollen presenters, and later rubbing it off on the stigmas at the very tips of the styles.
Over time, the creative range of Prudkin expanded, which contributed to his talent of transformation, the ability to delve into the psychological essence of the created image, attention to external attributes – costume, makeup, facial expressions.
Sean McKenna of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 4.4 star rating out of 5 and wrote "This was an enjoyable episode that managed to delve a bit deeper into the characters at the same time it perfectly coincided with the topic for the case of the week.
 so get over surfaces and delve into mysteries.
The film was released after the 2014 movie Unbroken, which portrayed Zamperini's WWII survival story and his time as an Olympic distance runner but did not delve into his life after the war.
 Masters 60–64 winners:  Robin Delve (m) /  Nicola Davies (f)
Kangaroo began as an interest to delve deeper into the split opinion concerning the animal, with McIntyre Clere saying that they were surprised to learn just how many kangaroos are shot and sold for profit each year.
Straczynski said his script is a sequel, but will also delve into the Surfer's origins.
Ronson believed that working with Gaga on Joanne allowed the singer to delve into a more personal songwriting with "Shallow".
Cook revealed that the episode will delve in to JJ's time away from the BAU during Season 6
The spirit gradually adjusts to Min's life, and begins to feel comfortable, but as his relationship with Pi develops and he attempts to delve into Min's past, he discovers the many problems he had with his family and friends.
In order to delve into the history of electronic music, it includes interviews with Quincy Jones, Herbie Hancock, Ikutaro Kakehasi, Dr. John Chowning and Alan Kay.
Written from the perspective of a "woman who was left behind", the lyrics delve on "a love that is irreplaceable and even if the other person walks away, they'll return someday".
While in Agent Starling’s case the intent was to delve into Lecter’s mind and secure his help in capturing another twisted serial killer, Dr Farah’s is to find her missing journalist husband.
Few delve any deeper.
Citizen has been described as the 'natural descendent of The Architectural Review and the Real Review: slightly left-field, not afraid to delve into theory or tangential subject matter yet will be interesting to a wider audience.'
Erika Voeller of Mpls MadWomen notes that the women of color in the documentary express frustration with balancing their multiple identities within the movement but that the documentary  misses an opportunity to delve more deeply into intersectional feminism.
Then, he begins to delve into ancient objects in order to find the killer and prevent the next crime.
grant is inspired by the promise and ambition of Eurydice Dixon, a much-loved emerging comedian who friends remember as brilliant, brave and beautiful, unafraid to delve into challenging material and with a big bold laugh that filled a room."
The Kenyan press, which was largely loyal to Kenyatta, did not delve into this issue; it was only after his death that publications appeared revealing the scale of his personal enrichment.
Musically, Hurts 2B Human is a pop record whose lyrics delve into themes of love, family, introspection, life, and self-worth.
In this work she had the opportunity to delve into genres that have more to do with her Peruvian roots and reconnect with Authors of the Lima of 1900.
The website's critical consensus states, "Smartly-written and effectively unsettling, Evil works best when it dares to delve into the depths of the uncomfortable questions it poses."
He said in a magazine interview: “Coming up with dignity and focus through challenging conditions in the Caribbean ghetto, the 9th of ten brothers and sisters, has inspired me to delve into the avenues of the human condition and nature.
In her analysis of the original film, Lauren Taylor of Bloody Disgusting would delve deeper into the character's psychology.
His observations allowed him to delve deeper into the world of realistic painting.
Similarly, she co-wrote every track on its follow-up, Maggie Vision (2021), which saw her delve into hip hop.
I was into poetry then, and though I also wrote in my diary at a fever pitch, I didn't really know I would become a playwright and an author until later...for me craft became a touchstone, a way to delve into my creativity and to lose myself in the possibilities of language.
In a five-star review for the NME, Jordan Bassett described We Are Not Your Kind as "an astonishing record: a roaring, horrifying delve into the guts of the band's revulsion, a primal scream of endlessly inventive extreme metal and searing misanthropy".
Instead, he’s desperately trying to delve into clairvoyance to get a better idea on just what the hell is happening in the 21st century.
Once people delve into [Lover], it'll become pretty clear that that's more of the fingerprint of this – that it's much more of a singer-songwriter, personal journey than the last one".
The autobiographical lyrics delve on the ending on a relationship and also approach themes of hopelessness, loneliness and struggle.
Its lyrics delve on the ending point of a relationship at which both partners still have feelings for one another.
Filipowicz expressed disappointment that Holmgren did not delve into, " ... why she remained silent when progressive men and women in Poland campaigned during the 1880s and 1890s to open Polish universities to women".
Writing in Commentary, Gil Troy says that it is the first university press book to delve into "systematic assaults against Israel—and by extension Jews".
Muktibodh sought to delve into the individual mind and creates new patterns of verse in novel rhyme schemes.
Tracks such as "Turnpike Ike" showcase the four-time Grammy nominee at his very best, while his willingness to delve into topics outside of his luxurious lifestyle add a depth and gravitas to the record that make it a worthy successor to the original thirteen years on."
The Otra Figuración group believed they lived in a collective society and shared the conviction that in order to make good art, the artist had to delve into himself.
Sukhdev Sandhu of The Guardian agreed as well, writing, "This is not uninteresting territory for a writer to delve into, but Quichotte is too restless and in love with itself to be anything other than a symptom of the malaise it laments."
In April 2020, the Royal Society established its DELVE (Data Evaluation and Learning for Viral Epidemics) group, whose membership included Nobel laureates Venki Ramakrishnan and Daniel Kahneman as well as Sridhar.
"In an interview with Naima Coster in Electric Literature, who Kim attended the Columbia MFA program with, she said that, "As a writer, my goal is to delve into the mindset of my characters, not to use them as vehicles to represent some idealized version of the 'perfect Korean.'"
Each new miniseries, hosts Griffin Newman and David Sims delve into the works of film’s most outsized personalities in painstakingly hilarious detail.
Although it was received the 1984 Best Australian Book of the Year award, it was limited to Bean's war years and did not delve into the preparation and publication of the Official History of Australia in the War of 1914–1918.
Heidbreder acknowledged the limitations of her book, namely that she did not incorporate all of the key influencers at the time, such as Charles Edward Spearman, and that, for the theories she did incorporate, she did not delve into deviations, such as Carl Jung’s influence on psychoanalysis.
There have been very few studies that delve into the potential applications of Arachniotus ruber.
The focus is on the choir members themselves and does not delve too deeply into their private family life.
Once this book was completed, Koffka's previous self-limitations were eased as he allowed himself to delve into areas he previously felt were inappropriate for his specialty.
Timothy Maxwell Delve Cocks  (born 29 September 1952) is a former South African rugby union player.
The reviewer at the Star Tribune notes "He is cautious in his storytelling but does delve into some of the decisionmaking, including buying Minecraft and repairing the company’s relationship with Samsung."
However, Manfred felt it was not necessary to delve further into Taubman's possible culpability for any role he might have played in the sign stealing, concluding that Taubman's "inappropriate conduct in the clubhouse" after the ALCS win was enough in and of itself to demand a lengthy suspension.
Two of her own books, “Diva: Defiance and Passion in Early Italian Cinema” and “The Body in the Mirror: Shapes of History in Italian Cinema”, delve into the roles that gender, culture, and history have played in this genre.
The song's lyrics delve deep into Sri Lankan cuisine, sports culture, weather, travel and transport, and dating and romance.
A majority of the game's puzzles are derived from decoding the metaphors compiled in the storybooks, which delve into the fairy tale life Mary-Ann imagined for herself and her struggles to manage her own reality.
She plans to continue to delve into femininity as an interesting and important topic that can be further expanded upon.
It also held that the District Court would not delve into the motivations of the state in passing the law.
Already Heard rated the album 4 out of 5 and stated: "There's much to unpack on Ex Machina and it's worthy of a few listens to delve deeper into the lyrical content to unravel the world they've created, and the commentary they're making about our own current society.
In its review for The Guardian, Phil Hoad gave four out of five and said "83 doesn't delve any further than that into what degree sporting victory ever translates to social and political progress.
On the topic of the seventh track on the album and the first track written, "Procession", Holopainen stated that the listener would have to delve into the lyrics to understand what the song is about, stating that the American television series Stranger Things was an influence for the song.
Mike Jung is one of the founders of the We Need Diverse Books movement, which motivated him to delve into his own culture through his writing, particularly in Unidentified Suburban Object.
 Professor Venki Ramakrishnan, ex-officio as Chair of DELVE, convened by the Royal Society
 Professor Venki Ramakrishnan PRS, Ex Officio as Chair of DELVE, convened by the Royal Society
The lyrics of the former delve on a toxic relationship with a selfish and untruthful partner.
These alternative story elements serve as the backdrop for up to 16 quests available in the game's single-player format, which delve into extant game lore such as the Fifth Blight or during the fall of the ancient elven capital of Arlathan.
She later learned Hebrew and Aramaic to delve deeper into Talmudic traditions, resulting in two well-received books, Dziecko żydowskie (The Jewish Child, 1904, and the second part of „The Jewish Child”, published in 1927, after her death), and Święta żydowskie w przeszłości i teraźniejszości (Jewish Holidays, in the Past and Present, 1909—1918).
In the wake of Alberto Fujimori's third re-election campaign, Iberico decided to fully delve into politics.
Entrepreneurs use the approach to achieve market penetration, gradually delve and diversify their innovation in a perfect competitive market.
All of these elements come together to make the comic a meaty meal that I recommend for people who really want to delve into their reading."
Incident Investigation Group (사건 역학조사단) - this Wednesday-only segment seems to delve into why and how a certain incident happened in-depth with experts from different backgrounds.
Nicknamed The Barons of High Energy Rock 'n' Roll, the trio frequently delve into rock and roll, hard rock, and heavy metal.
The first seven episodes of the nine-part series delve into the planning of the strike, while the last two cover the strike itself.
Aiding & Abetting was enthusiastic towards 21st Circuitry Shox and said "if you haven't gotten acquainted with 21st Circuitry and want to delve into the more conceptual realm of industrial dance music, then by all means apply here."
It was under the tutelage of the distinguished teacher Baba Maharaj, and later, Pandit Birju Maharaj, that Nahid Siddiqui, embarked on a journey to delve deep into Kathak, becoming the only Pakistani to extensively explore the physical and theoretical nuances of this ancient dance form.
It is planned that exhibits in the museum building will be delve into "local history from the perspective of women, challenge gender stereotypes and offer new role models for local girls."
Kirkus Reviews praises Allende's storytelling skill: "Allende tends to describe emotions and events rather than delve into them, and she paints the historical backdrop in very broad strokes, but she is an engaging storyteller".
I'm so excited to delve into that world."
She uses her research to delve deeper into activism through her interest on the economic, social, and environmental wrongdoing of extractivism.
Initially referred to as an EP, Runway would disclose in an interview with DIY Magazine in July 2020 that the EP would delve into "unlocking more of herself".
Episodes usually delve deeply into details about the historical, cultural, and scientific background of the episode's subject and feature interviews with multiple experts, sometimes recorded on location at laboratories, farm fields, or archaeological digs.
The season will also delve deeper into Rick and Jerry's relationship.
Emily Jayne Beard from PopBuzz opined, "...you'll stay for the softer moments like "The Judge"... which delve even deeper into Joseph's psyche."
Yonnet was mobilized for the Algerian War, which inspired him to delve into journalism.
Alongside their explanation of their approaches, they also delve into how service has been entwined with human history.
Following the Patriotic War of 1812, the Charter "On Service in the Garrison", introduced by Tsar Alexander I in 1816, reduced some of the powers of military commandants, freeing them of the need to personally delve into all the issues of city life.
She likes to delve in narrative painting — where feminism, identity and power are recurring topics.
Variety writer Chris Willman said "Long Story Short" proves that Swift will fully delve into "fiction-writer mode" and will always include "diaristic" moments.
There are lots of fantastic post-apocalyptic books that delve into social issues — I wanted to write something with a different focus.Furthermore, unlike the film adaptation released four years later, in the end Augustine and Sullivan never discover they are father and daughter.
Carlos Vélez-Cancel at Everything Is Noise noted that the album is heavier than its predecessors, and praised the band's "ability to craft anthemic songs without being afraid to delve into the unconventional."
CNN Philippines' Executive Vice President and managing Editor Armie Jarin-Bennett explains that "The program gives us an opportunity to delve deeper into the issues that are most important to our viewers.
At the Musician Institute, Rose studies all musical instruments and will be encouraged by her teachers to delve into writing lyrics.
Alternatively, the player can delve into a sandbox invasion.
The Inquisition will travel to various locations in Thedas via the Eluvian network, and uncover lore which delve into the "secrets of the Fade".
[...] This is D&D pulp at its best, and luckily, you don’t need to delve into the rich canon of Critical Role and its associated projects".
As lead researcher for the House of Representatives minority office, she was able to delve deeply into major issues of concern from a statewide perspective; and, while serving as City Clerk for the county of Honolulu, she experienced the broad scope of matters on the county level from land use to elections governance.
Reviewing the EP for Dork magazine, Dillon Eastoe wrote that "Creeper are at their best when [Gould] and [Greenwood] share out the vocal duties, and this is where they find space to delve further on American Noir."
He has been described as an artist who "constantly pushes the limits of expression," as his artworks and films delve into taboos within Japanese society.
Flashbacks delve more into Shaw's childhood and distant persona.
Sean McKenna of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 4.5 star rating out of 5 and wrote "For a show that has gotten pretty dark and serious with its story lines, there's also something satisfying in the series' ability to delve into the lighthearted.
While some songs delve into heavier territory, with screamed vocals and hardcore punk breakdowns, other tracks include softer elements, such as acoustic guitar and indie rock elements.
Although it doesn't quite have room for the whole ensemble to shine, it does delve into the messy heart that has become core to Legends".
You are tasked to delve into tainted books and purify them with parties composed of  to fight Taints who have corroded the books.
To obtain these writers, you are also tasked to delve into ensouled books in order to transmigrate and recruit them into your library.
We applied that same explorative ethos to this record, taking a concerted delve into the previously untouched niches and eras of dance.
Sergi Sánchez of La Razón gave it 5 out of 5 stars, extolling how "it approaches sound with an unusual aesthetic rigour, never forgetting to delve into the emotional journey of its protagonist", while warning that its risky formal proposal may put off more than one viewer.
She wrote than the film "does not delve into its metaphorical potential" and it ends up relying too much on "cheap scares".
Ayisi discovered his love for music at an early age through his father who was a drummer in a band and had a vast number of collections he would delve into.
The game also allows players to delve into areas including politics, economics and research.
Jaworowski said the film "works best as inspiration to delve deeper into these disciplines, and as a celebration of science".
Jones also felt the story was too short to delve into some of its aspects.
Timothy Yap of JubileeCast wrote a positive review of the album, saying "If you are looking for worship songs that delve deeper than the recycled lyrical tropes and cliches, give this album a go.
it was hearing and seeing these powerful demonstrations of infinite intelligence , love , patience and appreciation that convinced most of the first campers to delve deeper into the philosophy of deliberate creation and law of attraction .
this allowed me to delve right into etretat 's records .
she could tell that he was reluctant to delve too far into this topic .
helena and i held back our more personal stories with the group , both of us reluctant to delve into our personal lives .
i vowed to delve more deeply into my reasoning process and to train myself to reach more tactically sound strategies in the future , should i just get through this most immediate situation .
chapter four i might from time to time in this book delve into more of these the ways this reality is different from our own .
she wondered if there was another reason for her friends call , but a day spent with sky had left her drained of all energy and emotion and she didnt have the strength to delve behind kims words .
if you really need to get personal , you can delve into their psychotypes , then youll know if theyre likely to blast you .
we were to answer any questions pertaining to the two of them but were not to delve into subjects unrelated .
the world court was not only siding with mexico they were beginning to delve a little deeper into waters most thought unfathomable .
if you wish to delve deeper into it , i would recommend levitation dissected , by madrique kolosky , and the airborne arts , an analysis , by lenna figroy 's daughter .
look my friend , we have never been to this place before and we certainly havent dealt with voodoo or any such people who delve in the black arts .
gus related to matt and shay the experience ted had at the fbi that morning and how the carpet sample was stolen , but before he could delve into their theory about his assassination attempt , ted interrupted him .
now that toprak esir is exposed , you shouldnt have any trouble securing the necessary clearance to delve into their electronic fingerprints and communications .
the more i delve into these theories of mine , the more i realize that they themselves are not absolute , meaning a theory of mine that is true for me and may ring true with someone may not necessarily be true in their life .
perhaps this is why i delve sometimes into the world of psychedelics to explore the limits of my senses and to play with them .
he is n't very tolerant of any back-talk even though i delve out plenty of it .
tinchi infatuation born curious , so light step came delve into the back of a large banyan tree .
send me a report of his mind when you delve into it after he wakes .
there was a network to delve into , a series of interconnecting paths that went from one man to another to another .
she wondered if her empath abilities were strong enough to delve into kalins emotions .
rolce had the opposite reaction ; he seemed to delve into his sorrow to the point of drowning within himself .
she wanted to delve deeper into what luke was obviously hiding from her .
i have the need to delve deeper , to pry open doors to see what 's hidden behind them .
ailia needed to find the answer to both questions , even though the thought of it thrust her into a state of fear far beyond the borders she had ever thought shed be willing to delve .
i was about to delve into seemingly the most sarcastic uncalled for response ive ever tried but chloe , who knew me well enough to know that i wasnt in the best of moods , cut me off .
rich azure eyes stared into his , seeming to delve into his core .
the two mercenaries were finally out of bed and starting to delve deeper into the mysterious things they had suddenly found themselves in the midst of , hern was curious but skeptical , and michel found himself fast friends with the three of them , as they seemed the only sensible creatures on the island .
i glanced around , confirming i was alone , and allowed myself a moment to delve inward .
ella was momentarily taken aback , she didnt want to delve into her own memory , to become the storyteller .
the human race , divided into twelve went separate ways to fly or swim or delve in air , and earth , and water ; and enjoy the world they once had labored to destroy .
there was nothing more paris could do or say , except hope that mateo would not delve too deeply into the peculiarity .
the page managed to get the chest through the doorway and then conveyed it to his lord , holding it up for lord lagotaq to delve into the pockets of his fur-lined robes , retrieve a key , unlock all of the clasps and remove them to reveal a shimmering haze .
did she dare delve deeper into this matter ?
the chosen could never have known his men were to delve into a consuming pit of death .
if the demand for iron was to be satisfied the dwarves would have to delve into the riches of those lands that were granted them in the ancient accord .
jane did n't delve into her own harrowing flight of terror once she regained her senses , but rather kept it simplified .
he planned on storing it in the locker , then , when his power returned , he would delve the sample .
not wanting to delve into the subtleties of coreys self-delusions , i raised a hand and gave a quick little shake of my head .
alice came over in the late afternoon to prepare a claro mentis enchantment which would allow her to delve into the subconscious of garys mind .
but i dont think we should delve too deeply in our own destinies .
the sorrarani also built their own cities in the mountains , and they began to delve deeper into the earth , seeking the mysteries of gaia , and the aether , its spirit .
jack accepted the girl 's reluctance to delve into the history of the old world .
they try to delve within the depths of their purist existence .
yet there are so many things that can go wrong , many of which i want to delve into in future books in this series .
my mind began to delve into the memories that her and i shared ... ... `` ... hey miss kira !
chapter 8 ephraim : as soon as i arrive back at the enclave , i take the opportunity to visit the library and delve into as much research as i can .
instead i delve deep into my heart .
caire returned to his quarters , his mind reeling with wonder and dread , eager to delve into the books and the mysteries they contained .
she would delve into some very private areas of her life , freely sharing them with me and momma-c. and , i was completely immersed .
it took all the discipline he possessed to ignore his need to have her and instead delve into her mind .
this was vampire magic , something foreign and inaccessible to humans - inaccessible because it was forbidden , something no mortal was meant to delve into .
my backpack bounced on the bed where i tossed it , and i sank down beside it , unzipping the front pocket to delve beneath blouses and hair ties until i found what i was looking for .
my lips move along the arch of her ear and softly i shut my eyes to better delve deeply into her mind .
his fingers delve into my waist as he grabs ahold of me and then flips us over so i 'm on my back and he 's on top of me .
unwilling to delve into how talwyn knew that the reinholdts had arrived without actually seeing them , dagmar asked , `` ca n't you just call them family ? ''
`` it 's too early to delve into the topics we were feuding about last night ... so , how did you sleep ? ''
i decide to stop talking and knot my fingers through her hair , pulling gently at the roots so i can tip her head back and delve my tongue into her mouth deeper .
i know you are adverse to my advice , but trust me , lady maccon , it would be best not to delve too deeply into alessandro tarabotti 's records . ''
i tried to delve further , get more information , but the air was so thick and rich with the reek of rot that i was gagging , and could n't concentrate .
its worth was ten times that of gold , and now it is beyond price ; for little is left above ground , and even the orcs dare not delve here for it .
the people of the woods did not delve in the ground like dwarves , nor build strong places of stone before the shadow came . '
she yielded , let him delve within .
her response ran deeper than trying to ease some of the loneliness , but she was n't ready to delve too deeply into that .
he supported himself with his arm , continuing to delve into her mouth while gently working one finger in and then two .
he palmed her breast , his thumb brushing the sensitive peak as he continued to delve her mouth and body with a determination that stunned her .
i kick my legs and twist my midsection , trying to get away from his grip , but his fingers delve into my hips .
his fingertips delve into my hipbones as he detains me from getting up .
i feel a tremor in his fingertips as they delve against my skin and i reach forward to grasp onto his legs .
`` well , you forced him to delve into it . ''
are you still certain you want to delve into this ?
`` the deeper the touch , the deeper i can delve into her mind . ''
they will delve in the earth , and the things that grow and live upon the earth they will not heed .
he does not build , he does not delve , he neither plants nor harvests .
normally she would touch someone to delve them , but she hesitated this time .
since this was , ostensibly , a place where he had complete control , if she gave him leave , he could strip her down , delve within her mind .
`` i do n't delve into ... '' her voice trailed off as his words penetrated her mind .
there was a lot more to his feelings than he was willing to admit and it was obvious he did n't want her to delve into it .
aggravated , ash used his powers to delve into what had happened between them .
something ... sam tried to delve deeper into that , but amaranda released her before she could get any more details from her .
his hand continued to stroke and delve deep inside her , making her even more breathless as he teased her skin with his tongue .
touching was n't necessary to tap a mind , but touch enhanced his ability to delve into the subconscious more quickly .
but he did n't have the time-or the clarity-to delve .
maybe she could delve for information .
he did n't block his thoughts , but she did n't delve .
if you were going to live in midnight , there were some subjects you did n't delve into .
the demon was studying her face , intently , as if tryandshy ; ing to delve beneath the mask of her illusions .
gally cowered , feeling it wash over him and delve deep , the pinpricks pulling back and vanishing in an instant .
the human authorities might decide to delve into nicola 's disappearance , and he did n't need their interference-they would only slow him down .
he needed to open her pants and delve into her panties .
he shuddered , not even wanting to delve down that path .
meanwhile , he spread his fingers to cover as much ground as possible , even daring to delve between the cheeks of her bottom .
staring at the trunks of the trees i prepared to delve between , i took one last glance back at kaspar , frozen , watching me with an expression i had never seen him wear before .
they are quite happy to delve for information on me .
cooper seems indifferent like he 's too distracted by his hatred for flynn to delve into the situation or even care .
we 'll never be able to delve deeper if she does n't take the first step .
`` why do n't we delve a little deeper just this once , '' he whispers .
`` how will we ever delve into the dark recesses of my twisted fantasies-how will you love me with your heavenly bod if i 'm captive in some cage like a zoo animal ? ''
why must you delve where you do n't belong ?
i simply implied it to dismiss your eagerness to delve into mischief .
the clamor starts to dissipate as we delve deeper into the thicket , until all that 's left to fill our ears is the sound of our own hushed breathing .
`` nate , '' she breathed against his mouth , one hand coming up to delve into his hair , hold his face to hers .
`` and delve into my drama ?
why she was sticking it out , i was n't sure , but i had decided not to delve too deeply into that line of inquiry .
`` i 'll delve into this matter of the sphinx , and i 'll alert you of any significant findings .
`` the serious student can delve into extensive references and commentaries . ''
i open my mouth to scream , but the fingers delve deeper into my skin , pushing against my throat so forcefully that i know that the bones are on the verge of breaking .
i press my hand against the wound and delve further into the cliffs cautiously , keeping an eye out for blood and a blond haired faerie .
so i 'd taken preston 's hand in mine and used my gypsy gift to delve into his mind .
too dark for her to dare delve deeper .
i did n't want to talk about susie anymore , did n't want to delve too deeply into the reason for my jealousy , so i changed the subject .
her gaze moved over him , her fingers yearning to delve into his thick black hair , to trace the outline of his broad shoulders , to run her palms over his muscular chest and six-pack abs .
she was n't ready to delve into that pandora box of emotions .
and he wanted to delve into her obsidian flame power .
for some reason , sephrenia had not told zalasta about the delphaeic woman 's strange capability to delve into the minds of others .
their summoning of evil spirits went far beyond the mumbo jumbo of the morindim or the karandese and began to delve into darker and more serious areas .
the story was plausible , and whitney was happy there was a chance she had conceived a child with ken , so he was n't going to delve too much further .
his hand slipped to the nape of her neck , tilting her head for a better angle , so his tongue could delve deep , teasing , stroking , exploring her incredible mouth .
hot and sleek , his mouth covered hers as he held her face steady so he could delve and taste .
he 'd help her comb through the villa , go with her to delve down into the underground lair of akvan and search for her mother .
let his fingers stroke and slide , dip and delve , until she did not know what was happening ... only that it was pleasure beyond anything she 'd imagined .
did your book report delve into the psychological mindset of the creek indians ? ''
i let my hand delve into the bowl of hazelnuts on the coffee table .
we had other things on our minds and i never bothered to delve into the matter .
he very seldom was allowed to delve into the intrigue as he liked to call it .
gemmans seemed to want to share every bit of their lives and opinions , as well as delve into those of celebrities and other public figures .
before i could delve into the intrigue of it , the bell rang , rudely interrupting our moment .
as he walked through its empty , drafty corridors and looked at the wildflowers growing in its courtyards , and the buddleia that clung to its crumbling ramparts , memories-at least , they seemed to be memories-prompted him to explore more deeply , to delve into the bowels of the keep and explore the vaults beneath it .
plucking his surtout from the pew , gareth left him to reclaim his bride before his friend could delve deeper .
i know , raoul , and im sorry ; i know youre not interested in opera , but i just couldnt its fine , sighed raoul , not wanting to delve into the depths of his brothers crippling introversion .
and all she would have to do to unmask him was to look into his eyes and delve into him as he knew she could , and she would see he was lying .
and into her like a rampaging warrior he could dive and from that dive delve into her passions through panic and fear and steal her booty !
before now , she had never cared enough to delve into her personality , and only now did she realize the depth of the cavern that stood between her and her children .
he knew that most men would not expect as much from a discussion with a woman , but he longed to delve deeper into other peoples ideas of values , and their conversations left him feeling empty , lacking of true thought and valuable debate .
my dearest brother wade , i have been tormented by whether or not to write this letter , for i have no desire to delve into your personal business or bear such horrific news , however , the nature of this deception warrants immediate attention .
each song brought a new form of expression and meaning and another chance to delve quietly into the lives and experiences of those gathered in kelthornes drawing room .
the bump and grind of flesh is simple enough , but to really delve into human understanding , there has to be that soul connective that doesnt come about through physical contact alone .
i refused to consider or delve deeper into my psyche .
until then do n't delve - do n't even think about it .
perhaps a basin in a desolate space station full-to-the-brim with faeces that the player must delve into to fish out a key or a clue .
in the first episode in the novella series , the beginning tells the story of how it all started for joseph , and how he came to possess his power , or curse , to delve into and live out , the nightmares of others .
however , he relished the chance to delve further into the rumours and maybe establish the amount of interaction between the viking pasturers and traders and the native peoples before these settlements were finally abandoned .
they cried out for someone to delve into them and discover who she really was at the most secret place of her being .
to delve into those trees !
there was a possibility that chris had the ability to delve much deeper into mikes mind than most , discovering things that mike had long since forgotten about himself .
so he let his essence willingly delve into that mesh of steely teeth , and as it did , he tried to snatch a glimpse into the mystical workings of the enchanted mirror .
the scientist looked puzzled , but although his lips started to form a word , a question , he resisted the urge to delve further .
sure , hed expected her transition to be easy , but young though she was , sylvie was a complex person , with depths he had only begun to delve into .
but as hard as itd been to delve back into the horrors those journals contained , he had gone back and tried to piece together a warning of sorts , something the next person ( or persons ) would be able to hold and say : see ?
she didnt want to delve beneath that light-generated surface and see the breakdown of everything into simple algorithms ; no , she preferred the sanctuary of human imperfection every time .
she waited with ned , hiding behind a bush as a speeding truck approached , its intense bright lights illuminating the white road and snowy covered plants that grew at the roads edge as its wheels skidded along , fighting to keep a straight line every time a bump or delve was driven over .
i like to delve into the turbid side of humans , more or less metaphorically .
i hoped she wouldnt want to delve too deep into why i was researching the subject .
let us go then , you and i , like alice down the rabbit hole , to a time when there still were dark places in the world , and there were men who dared to delve into them .
oh , one might delve into the particulars , but really , what might we say about the species that invented murder ?
the commander had recruited the latest arrival on board the telstar to delve into the basic program on the c64 and fix some faulty syntax .
hes going to snoop and dig and delve and dig up stuff eventually .
introduce the baby and delve into her failed relationship with edouard .
when he tried to delve deeper into the subject the nurse told him that the phone was for official medical center use and if he wanted to talk to his friend he should try him on his cell phone .
ketty wanted to argue the finer points of etiquette but was either too hung over or too embarrassed to delve deeper into the subject matter .
let others delve into the minds of psychopaths , nancy only wished to photograph the rainbow-hued surface , probe with her oar the oily mixture and see what floated to the top .
i would delve into your subconscious and find the perfect decor and ambience for yourselves .
reality returned , just before spit could drag everyone up the street and delve into the dolce vita , as darling offered up the lasagne siddhartha had ordered , plonking it down on the bar in front of him ; no bon-appetite , no wonder it was burnt to a cinder and dry as a chip .
what i should have done , i realize in vivid hindsight , was politely declined to delve so deeply into this mans sordid and painful past , feigned a headache , and excused myself before the glass pyramid could expand exponentially .
and , not to delve too personally into it , but as a kid trying to get a , uh , grip on puberty i caught mr. timshun watching me .
he caught her lips hungrily with his , letting his tongue delve into the soft warmth of her mouth , his hands settled at her waist .
( let us not try to delve too deeply into how an asian mind might feel this . )
`` i think we need to delve further into the concept of compromise before we answer that ... ... ... .. '' there was every chance they would be late for spon .
it was time to delve a bit deeper into his psyche and her collection of disturbed art had always been a foolproof test .
`` my mother wont allow me to socialize with people who delve in the occult , or worse still , with actors . ''
a blue ribbon panel of top sociologists and anthropologists were appointed to investigate and delve into the dark recesses of the american psyche .
if i accepted cora harts surveillances as foolproof , then i at least had to delve deeper into the true nature of my friendship with leon chase .
in my mind i was already thinking about harold wagners earlier allusion to peter pan , but i didnt want to delve any further into this matter at the moment .
whether thou belt is on my hips or upon the highest shelf , thou shalt never again delve in my trove of womanly wealth !
now im faced with the decision to play it safe ( to preserve the accessibility of my memoir ; to keep you , the reader , comfortable in your favorite reading chair ) or to delve headfirst into the taboo ramifications of maras power .
i decide not to delve into my feelings , and stick with the object the thing at the center of our current fight .
one has to go beyond the conventional doctrine and delve more deeply into the teachings themselves .
in fact , and here we delve further into the paradox of pauls metaphor , perhaps the adjective solid is hardly apt at all , and neither is the notion that this diet is meant for adults rather than children .
their agreed upon plan of action was to each read through the books they had brought , to form an overall viewif indeed there was one to be formed ; and to then compare notes and delve further into what seemed to them the clearest path , the one most likely to bear fruit : ascension .
ever since the on air debacle people have been calling me for more interviews , wanting to know the whole story , dying to delve even deeper into my misery and pain .
half-way through the fall semester that year , he had already dropped another class in order to delve deeper into the franciscan mysteries ( as he called them ) , and by the following spring he saw for himself what father martin had already known : this was his path .
it inspires me to stretch out , beyond myself , and delve deeper into what interests me .
we have fathomed the unknown and now it is time to delve into the unknowable .
the floor stopped being hard , but liquid instead , and i heard the keys of the song delve me deeper and deeper , and now i was a fish .
probably jj was the only adult she knew who would be able to delve deeper into the computer records , find that stuff out .
will she delve into the causes of the depression and attack me for needing help ?
she went to mass sundays - made a novena when someone was ill or suffering mental anguish - but felt no compelling need to delve any deeper into the human condition .
you can describe them physically , then delve into their psyche to reveal hidden pathology or exceptional strengths .
it was an unguarded response and she hoped he would not delve .
he would delve into it now and then when his cronies came for poker he would declaim choice passages in a harsh voice which sent them into paroxysms of laughter .
however , vivian was not fool enough to let her son delve into his portfolio or mortgage his condominium to buy some neighboring farm out of some misguided combination of lust and benevolence .
so after catching him gatchet convinced the fbi to open the prison so he could delve further into frennurs mind and try and figure out what makes him and other murders think the way they do , whatever that is .
she had not met him when he was hired , but had prepared the bank resolutions before she was laid off as the council knew mitchs first order of business would be to delve into the finances of the city .
`` kay will be putting on the tea-kettle about now and she would be delighted to have another opportunity to delve into your sordid past . ''
maybe i needed to delve deeper , immerse myself in that sense of terror to truly understand what the witness had seen , felt .
it looked like the investigation would need to delve more deeply into the victim 's past , which he knew was tied up with the previous attack by the late peter k sugden .
the need to delve deeper into jena and stacey 's history was now , under the circumstances , a constant clawing at the periphery of my consciousness .
becky was still single as far as he knew ; he did not delve much into her personal life these days , still a bit embarrassed .
part of her wished she could delve back into the memory .
when it was my turn to tackle the character , i tried to delve deeper into his narcissistic ways and show the reader how smart and dangerous he really could be .
and when we meet corso and his wife , dont delve into the subject , even if i mention it .
any man who can delve as deeply into the female psyche as you should be out edifying the cro-magnons this county seems to breed .
just as shed imagined , it was painful to bare her soul , to delve into her childhood and to reveal the things that defined her as arden jones .
sanctuary transforms from a mere hospital protecting a few to a budding community of supernatural friends with new homes and even a school which allows the children to dissect not only real world problems , but delve into the surreal that surrounds them .
i had to delve very deep into my psychology training to find the right way to deal with this .
but seeking out such persons with special knowledge would not be easy for the underworld of magic and mystery and intrigue held its own deep secrets and should one delve too deeply into the unknown might bring about another event such as that which toni and tessie sought to overcome .
but anyway , i delve far more deeply into the themes you have talked about during our meetings , i check out your statistics for accuracy , and then i finalize a 'working paper ' which i transmit to my professor . ''
oh , i see , i smiled , knowing that for thriller author jefferson cornwall , this case had been like catnip for the cat ; the temptation to delve into it was irresistible .
i listened to her and an assortment of colleagues delve into campus politics and moan over the new lows in motivation among some of their students .
before i could really delve into my jealousy about a possible jenna and ethan coupling , uncle bob started to talk to me , be careful , youre gon na have more sugar than coffee .
the girl has always wanted to delve about in the guts of things , especially living things .
emily felt extra brave that night , more willing to delve into the past that they all tried so hard to avoid .
but before i could delve deeper into the memory , it submerged once more .
she appreciated the gesture more than words , as she prepared to delve into memories of one of the worst day of her life .
granted , they '' d already made a cursory search of all the luggage , including this bag , but ty had tried not to delve too deep .
he dragged his hands up zanes hips and around his waist to delve under his briefs and grab his ass possessively , then squeezed hard as he thrust his groin against zanes and kissed him .
he 'd forgotten what it felt like to delve into the warmth of someone else when all he felt was the cold calm of the alcohol and the bite of unchecked anger .
`` an old friend , '' i blew it off , not wanting to delve deeper and certainly not willing to share .
safia should have guessed as much , especially with kara 's dogged persistence about ancient arabia , using her billions to delve into the past , to gather artifacts from all ages , to hire the best people , including safia .
the star-shaped island was two miles wide , but they only had to delve a quarter of that distance under its bulk .
it was there , in the front corner of the building , that the reverend had kept a small office where he retired to write his sunday sermons-and to delve into that locked file drawer .
now she could put him out of her mind and get on with her regular life , at least until monday when she 'd have to delve into his case again .
to prove it , she let her fingers delve into his hair and felt wildly powerful when he closed his eyes as if he 'd actually been afraid she 'd refuse him .
and with moreau dead , and both huff and black gone from the force , no one was particularly eager to delve into the past .
i think it peeved her i was n't going to delve into the complicated girl reasoning that made her need to get away from me .
ainsley determined then and there to delve to the bottom of it , to have cameron explain how he felt , and erase what had been done to him the best she could .
he had no choice but to delve and pry until he found something that would help his case .
constantly searching and studying , as if he was trying to delve into her psyche and make sense of her , find out what made her tick .
i was ready to delve into the puzzle , for the raw pain in miss ashton 's voice caused an uncomfortably empathetic twinge inside me .
he was the only person who 'd spoken to her about such things , and as much as she longed to delve into a discussion about sports , she knew better .
i have to walk fast to keep up with his long gait , but when we arrive , we bypass the perimeter and delve deeper into bustling , sweaty bodies .
she tasted like lemonade and cinnamon , and he knew her kids were just down the hall , but he wanted to delve deeper .
as per usual , she did n't delve any further into what i 'd been thinking , giving me my space .
i looked down and shrugged , not wanting to delve into sawyer 's and my relationship .
i start to climb off him , but his fingers delve into my waist , holding me in place .
she hums and tilts her head , allowing me to delve deeper .
i grab her hair , tilt her head , and delve in deeper .
not wishing to delve into the reasons , i changed the subject .
i know i 've never really been all that curious to delve up information about my past .
it was some deep , dark shit that made a person delve into the deep , dark shit within themselves .
clearly it was n't a subject he wanted to delve into deeper , which was probably a good thing , considering i still smelled like the inside of a whiskey bottle and my head pounded like a drum solo from a slayer song .
it was a wild desire , one born out of unbridled lust and another emotion she was n't ready to delve too deeply into .
his hands come up to cup my face , to tilt my head this way and that so he can delve deeper .
i want to follow it , to delve deeper until i 'm touching him .
as he approaches my collarbone and takes a nip at my skin , i delve my fingers into his shoulder blades .
seconds later , i feel a sharp , fiery sting as his fangs delve into my wrist and pierce through my skin .
i willingly part my legs for his touch , sinfully and wantonly spread my thighs wide as his fingers delve deep .
i like being able to delve into him and not think or do or anything but feel .
he regarded me with so much warmth and passion , i did n't need to delve deep into his heart to know what he was feeling .
i shrug again , not really wanting to delve into the details of the fact that i think he 's ridiculously hot looking and i want him to touch me .
the only problem was , the stint in zihuatenejo was just a vacation , just a blip of normalcy before we had to delve back into things we did n't want to do .
forgetting entirely that i 'd been meaning not to wake her , i slipped my hand up her shirt , then ran it over her body , starting at one cool , rounded breast , over her belly , meeting resistance in the form of bunched up cloth as i tried to delve between her legs .
i would have to delve deeper into the search .
love her so f**king much it should be impossible , and i love her more with every breath i take , with every delve of my c*ck into the heaven of her p**sy .
she repeated , obviously wanting me to delve deeper .
but i 'd rather delve into the dessert section and skip the meal this time .
blake shrugged , not wanting to delve into the subject .
blake bellowed just before i felt a finger delve into my folds .
i delve through more drawers and find the pink jogging pants with the word love across the bum .
with my emotions in control , i was able to delve further into analysis .
so when i woke up to a warm tongue on my sex , gabe 's talented fingers parting my outer lips so he could delve deeper , it was , in fact , a morning like any other .
i knew what i wanted , but the timing was so hellish right now there were literally no spare minutes to delve into plans .
`` i was telling you how much i love that we get to stay here tonight and you did n't answer- '' i cut her off before she could delve any further .
this was not the time to delve into it .
i understood the implication , but the strain in his voice told me not to delve any further .
before i could delve any deeper , sebastian appeared next to me .
she asked as we headed out of history , branching into another subject i was n't wanting to delve into .
what gave me the right to delve into their personal lives , to know where they lived , if elizabeth had married , my child 's name ?
`` um ... '' i clear my throat , trying to garner his attention before he decides to delve into them .
i 'm thinking kendall and i need to develop a safe word in the event cruise is about to delve into something alarmingly dangerous .
i suppose if you reverse the order , it can explain a lot of psychological bullshit that i 'm not about to delve into , mostly because i 'm allergic to psychological bullshit .
i did n't care to delve deeper into it .
i was n't ready to delve any deeper into our feelings .
i wanted to curl my fingers into his belt loops and pull him all the way in , delve under his jacket and find out if his abs were as nice as i suspected .
before i could delve further , he flashed a grin so blinding and white i got distracted .
one out of fear of spending the holidays alone and something more i did n't want to delve into , the other just to keep my boss happy .
her fingers delve under the fabric and close gently around the tip .
i feel like i 've won a game and delve forward , determined to make that sadness crack .
i manage to moan as his fingertips delve into my skin and the contact is so stimulating i almost collapse to the floor .
but instead of trying to feel me up , his fingers delve down into my flesh .
i kiss him back , letting his tongue delve into my mouth and then i nibble on his lip .
i thrum my fingers on top of my leg , thinking how far i want to delve into his head and my own .
targeted , maybe four to five women of all types , a melting pot he 'd be able to delve into .
i spread her with my fingers and delve in deep .
i delve inside her mouth , making sure she knows exactly how i 'll win .
gavin yanked out my ponytail and headband to delve his hands into my hair .
i grasped her by the shoulders and guided her around so i could delve not one , but both of my hands into the thick mass and pull my fingers through the silky waves , spreading it out over her shoulders .
using the toe of my right foot , i drove it into the side , kicking a little , trying to delve my foot in and catch hold .
he did n't delve too deeply inside me , but it was just enough .
i lived for my next fix , the next time his knuckles would graze the softness of my inner thigh , the next time he would gently scrape his fingernails across my lower abdomen and then delve into my soft curls at the apex of my hips .
two paper bags are lying on the bed , and i delve into them .
i sense there 's more to what he 's saying than just the bare words , but i do n't have the time or the inclination to delve right now .
shit ... he wants to delve .
i had no right to delve into anyone else 's .
somehow i go deeper and sneak past locked doors , delve into secrets and play in the blackness .
hemi 's eyes delve deep into mine , like he 's trying to see where the butterflies live , where they were born and what they 've been through .
i think i had my suspicions at the time , but i did n't really delve into them too much because it seemed too soon .
i run my tongue between the crease of her lips , sucking her clit into my mouth while i delve into her wet body with one finger .
i do n't want to delve into my own history .
my fingers find her slick hot cleft and delve in , drag a moan and sigh from her sweet lips as they move on mine , and her hand slides between us and finds my c**k and caresses it and squeezes it , and we 're panting , panting .
that 's how i feel , at least , as i delve into her mouth with my tongue , explore her lips and teeth and gums and tongue and breathe her breath and absorb the wonder of her skin against mine .
i want to delve deep while she 's so unexpectedly opening up .
just as i was trying to delve into my assigned reading of a tome on the life of coco chanel , my phone had dinged , alerting me of a text .
i take a deep breath and try to delve into my work .
did n't want to delve into what had happened with martin or debbie .
the answer appeared from nowhere-like it always did when i let myself delve deep .
why delve into them ? ''
but his feelings did n't delve any deeper than friendship , or did they ?
all of them had had to delve into their pockets for lawyers and judges , not to mention the reassurance they gave to the fbi .
take a breath , and delve into it tomorrow .
he 'd delve into his state of mind at a later date .
not wanting to delve into deep thoughts right now , she flashed him a grateful smile instead .
no need to delve into the past .
obviously , somebody who worried or cared was a foreign emotion , one she chose not to delve into just yet .
helps me lift her t-shirt when my hands delve underneath .
`` negotiate with them , '' i say , rolling back away from her so that i can once more delve into my financials .
blake was n't willing to delve into his emotions with his brother .
best to not delve too deeply and remind her she was going to have to give up something she loved for the next months .
i did n't really dwell on the idea of what this all meant in regards to my emotional health , because i did n't have the time or the inclination to delve into it .
i shook my head , not inclined to delve into candy 's worries or my concerns with a stranger .
another palm , now , on the front of my thigh and moving inexorably upward , upward ... i held my breath and parted my legs , hoping he would finally finish the game and touch me , delve into me .
he could delve into more of the research he 'd collected about trevor gaines , try to connect the disparate clippings of information he 'd gathered , looking for a meaningful outline ... do anything to focus his mind away from the computer that sat on the desk .
his whole body was primed to delve into hers and he needed her to be right there with him .
he also realized that she 'd set up automated runs to delve into several more company databases .
before we delve into that and the favor i need to ask you , care for a cocktail ? ''
you 're happy enough to delve into my marriage .
`` this is n't really the time or the place to delve into this , i 'm afraid . ''
`` i 'd have to delve into your financials , ben , and i do n't know how comfortable i am with that . ''
who does he know that can stealthily delve into the depths of sip 's servers and remove e-mails ?
i discovered that i was able to delve into the minds of people , to pick out the essence of who or what they were .
he nervously wrenched a hand over the side of his neck , not wanting to delve into further embarrassment .
before i could delve deeper into that idea , i could see nell imagining herself .
instead , he headed for a cabinet , hunkering down to delve inside it .
her words went right along with kathy 's desire for him to delve deeper into the world of the mist and learn more about the spiritual secrets of the planes like she was doing .
and he just wasnt ready to delve into that .
she took his silence to mean that he was not going to delve any further and reached up and gave him a hug .
there might just be more than a hamster on an exercise wheel in there ... thats something i dont usually delve into .
he did n't really believe it , but before he could let his pinkerton skills delve further , she lifted her chin a mite .
at the same timewithout intervening second thoughtsi knew automatically and without the slightest stumble of hesitation that it would remain an important priority to delve into such intimacies early on , preventing her from closing up for the duration of our sessions together .
but today was not a day to delve into it .
surprisingly , she did n't ask questions or delve into my past .
they were wrong and it would take many therapy sessions to delve into that one .
i can only delve into my own experience which is quickly becoming strangely horrific .
im not even going to try to delve into the reasoning behind that .
ive been trying to put in checks and balances , and i think the next book will delve more into the idea that using magic always has a price .
as the three delve into colleens repressed memories , she finds herself drawn to both of the men guarding her .
he was about to kiss lower , to delve into the deepest part of her womanhood when she stopped him .
melissa watched and listened as gabriel returned their conversation to the matter at hand , deferring any further discussion that may delve into the nature of terzinis work until a more appropriate time .
neither of them could afford to hold back from this point forward , just as they could n't delve too deeply into their pasts .
the strength of raze 's protests did n't escape his notice , but syre chose not to delve into the reason for it now .
`` well , i 'm just thinking you have n't found anyone who makes you want to delve deeper .
a lot more , but i need wine to delve into that shit .
he cupped me , and i whimpered , wanting to feel his fingers delve in , but he drew out for the moment , smiling against my lips .
why was n't he trying to delve deeper , get into her head , or just send her packing ?
you wanted to delve a bit deeper .
but he also was n't ready to delve into what that revelation could mean , or why it mattered to him .
'i promise not to delve into what makes your silence so loud , if you promise not to walk out on me . '
if he had pushed too hard , insisted on trying to delve into her memories , or had shown up unexpectedly , she would have known she could n't trust him .
the last thing i wanted was for him or miranda to delve into our past .
thinking about nate olsen and rachel invariably put him in a bad mood , although he refused to delve any further into the reasons for that .
his eyes seemed to delve into her and smother every bit of oxygen from her lungs .
it was true and did n't delve into any part of her nonexistent relationship with evan .
she was the `` ueen of illusions , could make her victims see anything she chose , could delve into a person 's brain and make their nightmares appear to come to life .
he scratches his shaved head , obviously about to delve into territory we 're usually not in together .
before she could press him further and delve into areas he would rather not go into , he decided to turn the tables and ask a few questions of his own .
he carried the file around intending to delve into it , but he 'd only opened it a couple of times when sabrina had been tied up at the inn , and then he 'd been listening so intently for her key in the lodge 's front door he 'd had trouble concentrating on the geology reports .
`` if your goal is not to go to sleep , '' he said , cracking a smile , `` then i really should n't delve into the minutiae of the eight-hour-long council of the angels meeting i was stuck in all day yesterday .
with no way to eat the meager food , and not quite ready to delve into my peanut butter stash yet , i decided to work on my shelter .
`` so , you would like me to delve into the history of both simon quinn and lysette rousseau .
then she resumed stroking his forehead , every once in a while straying to his hair to delve into its thickness .
he went quiet , not wanting to delve into the topic of why he was so skilled at kissing .
he parted my folds with his fingers , burying his head between my thighs , his tongue tracing a slow line from my wet pussy to circle around my swollen clit , then returning to delve inside of me .
i wholeheartedly approve , but lily is a recovering sex addict who has been known to compulsively delve into self-love and porn , abusing both .
you 're going to have to delve beneath the surface . ''
i think you 're afraid to delve any deeper in case you upset him .
he had n't wanted to delve into the snake pit with wolfe , but it had been worth it .
her heart squeezed but she pressed further , needing to delve deeper .
he cursed and bore down on his need to claim her lips and delve deep .
a gentle tug on her braid tipped her head back , allowing him to delve deeper , kiss harder .
his gaze continued to delve into hers .
she starts to climb off me , but i delve my fingers into her bare skin and lift her back up .
it was n't the fact that her idea had been dismissed so out of hand , before she could really delve down into the details , could really peel back the deep layers that explained why the kernel underneath this large project was so critical for bournham industries .
liam crafted his words carefully , then took a half step closer to cup her cheek and delve deep into her eyes .
her tone made it clear she did n't want to delve into the topic any further .
she was the first to break the moment , dropping her hands and turning to delve into the chest where she kept her linen .
there were still her two fathers-mr. martin and mr. chilcott-to delve into , but he would see to those inquiries himself .
jolting from my seat , i settle down on remington 's right , and quickly delve into his open duffel bag , extracting my alcohol swab packets , some salve , and strips .
i delve my hand to rub her beautiful little cl*t as i mark her .
she was glad , because right now she did n't want to delve too deeply into the disturbing things she wanted .
to delve deeper into my damaged psyche and find out what it is that has screwed me up so badly .
i do n't want to delve into the whys and wherefores .
where before she 'd embraced the silence between them , not wanting to delve into the reason behind his moodiness , now it made her distinctly uncomfortable .
he would have liked to delve inside her mind and find out how her mind worked , why she hid so much of herself .
sarah braced herself for one of his patented interrogations that were the terror of spencer-nyle , but she reminded herself that she was no longer an employee of the company and did n't have to let him delve into her emo-tions .
it was not unusual for spouses to touch upon only brief highlights of their separate daily schedules and delve not at all beneath the surface to discover how each other felt about any particular event or acquaintance .
`` i am not refusing to answer , '' she began , `` but i have to ask : do you truly want to delve into the unsavory aspects of my past ?
i knew she wanted me to delve deeper into my life but she did n't deserve that .
there 's something uncanny about velith , but since he 's on my side , i do n't delve into it .
he acts like he needs this small point of contact for reasons i ca n't begin to delve .
the chip in my head offers his silent words , inflections that delve deep into my heart : brown bird glows with grace , and though flight carries her far , white wave waits , always , on the shore .
i thought- '' `` it was f**king awful , '' dean said quickly , unwilling to delve into that particular heartache .
my breath draws sharply in when your fingers delve between my legs to the wetness at my entrance .
so long as we did n't have to actually delve into them , i felt reassured that i was n't doing anything real with magic .
we kiss until we ca n't breathe , until my heart is slamming inside my chest , until she 's trembling uncontrollably , and then i delve my fingers into her hips , pick her up , and with one hard thrust i slip deep inside her .
she 'd have plenty of time to delve into his psyche over entrees and dessert .
he 'd barely graduated from college himself when he 'd been forced to delve into the shark-infested waters of corporate life .
i do n't want to delve into what happened .
i do n't ask you to bare your soul to me , and i would appreciate it if you would stop trying to delve into mine . ''
but neither was he going to delve into his experience with shea .
luc answered by sliding the hand at her breast south to her hip , then to delve into her slick curls .
he pressed his chest over hers , leaning closer to delve into her eyes .
and nate was n't ready to delve into it all yet .
she did n't intend to delve too deeply into those murky waters .
and now , he was going to take advantage of her absence-and her trust-to delve into-and violate-her private domain .
if they were to take the time to delve into your head , they 'd be down here panting to hear your story , '' he said as he picked up her hand and brought it to his lips .
with that dark hair and her pale , white skin and gorgeous green eyes , she reminded him of some irish vixen , her long , dark lashes hiding her amazing eyes from his view but he wanted to see all of her , delve into all that she 'd become and learn all about who she had grown into .
there was an equality issue she wasn '' t willing to delve into .
why it was important to him , he did n't want to delve into .
this was not a subject she was going to delve into .
having decided that she should give in to her body 's needs and be intimate with him , she did n't want to delve into the reasons too deeply .
i had worried that she would try to set us up or delve into my personal life right away , asking if i was seeing anyone or wanting to rekindle my relationship with garrett .
he shifted slightly , and she felt his mouth caress her ear , his teeth graze her lobe , then the tip of his tongue delve inside , and she almost swooned .
he squeezed , then teased down the line between to delve into the hot wetness of her sex .
that was an interesting point that he 'd have to delve into .
`` i try not to delve too much into other peoples ' lives .
as soon as his lips touched hers , she shivered and her arms came around his shoulders , her body arching into his and her mouth responded to his by opening up and allowing his tongue to delve into hers .
he did n't delve into the lifestyle philosophy of her answer though .
the owners were two socialites and i wanted to see if this was a part of the marketing world i wanted to delve into .
`` that 's one of the reasons guys like this delve into it .
he hooked her legs over his shoulders and she felt his tongue delve inside her , swirling , inciting an incredible excitement , driving her into another shuddering release which he soothed with gentle stroking until the quivering ceased .
had n't he just more or less rebuffed her attempt to delve into his life ?
his gaze caught in the tumble of thick , dark curls that hung down her back in waves so silky they invited a man 's hands to delve into them .
he lifted her legs , hooking them over his shoulders , tipping her h*ps higher so that he could delve even deeper , and maggie groaned in appreciation .
his blue eyes held secrets , his almost unreadable expressions tempted her to delve deeper and his quiet self-assurance had been a welcome difference from her brother and father .
she did delve into his innermost recesses , his views , reactions , instincts , preferences , seemed to know them any way down to the last detail .
his gaze grew darker , deeper , made her feel he was trying to delve into her mind , take control of it .
next time , he 'd make sure they had more time , and he 'd relish the chance to delve more into her mind .
it was too painful to see pictures of him with other women , to delve into the details of his life , whether they were reported accurately or not .
he was screwing me as if he 'd die if he stopped , as if it were possible to fuck me hard enough to delve even deeper beneath my skin .
charlotte did n't delve deeper .
he did n't want to delve that deeply into his psyche .
i know i should have planned ahead but- '' he cut her off before she could delve further into her explanation .
`` you could say that , '' i reply , not wanting to delve into specifics , `` that 's how this idea really got lodged in my mind .
as if hearing her plea , noah 's free hand wandered down my side and over my abdomen until his long , thick fingers could delve between the swollen folds at the apex of my thighs to give her a proper greeting .
india 's lips parted , but he did n't delve into temptation .
the drums fell back to my core , and i gasped as ancient rhythms beat out a punishment and my fear opened cracks for it to delve deeper .
i was n't sure , and i did n't have the time to delve further on that subject just yet .
i check to make sure that the coast is clear before i delve into the monster mash portion of this conversation .
it was something i 'd not wanted to delve into with him .
the girls chorus their agreement and delve into the junk-food bags , while kayla begins laying her towel out in a space on the end of the dock .
he was wrong : the constant reminder was a good thing-urging her on to delve deeper , risk more .
everything about blaine is a well-spring of fornicating fodder that i do n't have time to properly delve into at the moment .
most likely it 'll just breed the need to delve further into exhibitionism .
i push the paper in front of her , almost afraid to delve into the nucleus of who we are .
tears filter to the surface , and i blink them away , unaware of their origin , not wanting to delve too far into my emotions to figure it out .
she links her arm into his , and they delve deeper into the flower garden together .
no need to delve all the way to bone .
and when his tongue touched her lips , she opened her mouth to let him delve deeper , to stroke and caress until she moaned against him .
but she was too tense to delve into work-related matters tonight .
she refused to give anyone a reason to question why she had to cancel , or to delve into where she 'd been .
whether it was anger or desire , she had no reason to delve further .
his anticipation and lust as he spread the globes of her cheeks to delve his tongue along their vall ey .
now that we had a full season of thirteen episodes to work with , he was able to really delve into some of the other characters , making it a true ensemble piece .
her kisses were a direct contrast to the wind blowing around us , and i wrapped my other arm around her , holding her firmly in place so my tongue could delve past her lips and explore the depths of her mouth .
he did n't delve right in like i thought he might .
i kicked off my flip-flops , eager to delve my toes into the gritty softness of the sand .
newspaper articles at the time had n't seemed to delve into his past at all .
`` as long as you 're at incirlik , for both her protection and to give us time to delve more into her background .
given kutros 's screwup with the kidnapping attempt , she really should dump her information about the uso immediately , before the police had time to delve deeper .
`` this and that , '' he said , unwilling to delve deeper into his most current assignment .
he shook his head , knowing he did n't want to delve deeply into the answer .
that she 'd delve into personal subjects surprised him and opened the door for questions of his own .
she gripped the edge of her desk , unable and unwilling to delve into her heart and soul just yet .
with her family 's track record and his niece 's welfare at stake , griff had a right to delve as deeply as he wanted into her life .
disappointed and not wanting to delve deeply into why , cara smiled and walked out the door .
he refused to delve too deeply into that .
grace learned that if she groaned a certain way , that wicked tongue would delve deeper , if her hips rose of their own volition off the mattress , his fingers would part her folds , giving him greater access to nip and graze with his teeth , then soothe with wide laps of his tongue .
liza asked , not ready to delve into her own personal stuff just yet .
he was n't ready to delve deeper .
after a long , shared shower involving wet hands and soapy bodies and , on lauren 's part , a distinct refusal to allow herself to delve too deeply into her feelings , her stomach grumbled .
just how easy was it to delve into someone 's life these days ?
he was n't sure he wanted to delve into the matter now-his blue blood seemed to dismay her .
let me tell you , i ca n't wait to delve deeper into your past .
he knew she would return to heal him and he did n't try to delve further into her mind .
he pulled her closer to delve deeper , tasting a bit of salt from her tears , and doing what he could to help her forget whatever it was that made her grieve .
he could have used their bond anytime to find out for sure , but he had n't wanted to delve that deeply in case what he found was n't what he 'd hoped to find .
i delve deeper , pumping in and out with a rhythm as old as time itself .
i can sense her energy extending out to touch mine as she tries to gauge how close to insanity i am as i delve into my mother 's past .
the wine bottle vanishes and then my hands are free to grip his wide shoulders , delve into his thick , spiky hair .
i close my eyes , sink in , delve down .
i try to slow myself down , to delve back down into the kiss , to let my hands learn his torso , explore the mountain-ridge of his shoulders and the valleys of his abs and the thick iron of his arms .
i kiss her hungrily , earning a soft moan from her when i delve my tongue deep inside her mouth .
there 's always later ... chapter 20 liv i split the paper in two offering vinny the sports section as i delve into the business section .
i am sorry for trying to delve any further than you were willing to go .
we even used these beasties to help us delve tunnels in the earth itself , transported to and from the earth and void by the skills an knowledge o the keepers .
i wont presume to tell you what to do , but i wouldnt delve too deeply into this sir .
it was uncharacteristic for general mccreary not to delve further , but hed worked with mitch and anya for so many years now he knew theyd keep him completely apprised of their progress .
hed been orphaned as a child and what biological family he did have was unknown to him , choosing not to use his position of authority to delve any further into it .
but before john had a chance to delve deeper , he saw the chief return along the short corridor .
and if not , delve deeper into its secrets .
there are those who for some reason seem to delve into the personal lives and practices of those around us .
weather it was accidentally breaking windows with errant baseballs , breaking into mrs. tumble 's attic to visit harvey the ghost , or missing school because he would sneak up into mr. beamer 's attic to delve into his library or artifacts found there , there was just always something going on with poor little louis .
if one were to bypass a genie 's holographic projection and delve into the gelbrain substance within the brass lamp , one would find reference files on every topic in the world .
this meant that if you wanted to delve deeper into the site to find out more information , youd have to hunt on these pages for the one link which would take you to the page you were really looking for .
ryo knew what kalen sought , but was not willing to delve into the other man 's personal affairs deeply enough to find him another mate .
he made the same mistake over and over : first he would delve so deeply into sub-cellular mysteries that he would forget to sleep or eat , and then , in an exhausted stupor , he would commit some kind of horrible blunder .
if she could delve the dragon 's wards she might be able to find an exploitable weakness .
jiggery saw an opportunity to delve for information and keep bum-raa happy .
so now we have to delve deeper , which will hurt much worse than death .
the common citizens didnt have time to delve into politics .
remember , your two-page paper on santa ana is due a week from today i want you to really delve into the missteps he made as a leader .
again , erica hung up , this time free to delve into the story .
the reason i tell you all of this , is because to delve deeper into this art , this gift weve been given , we need to fully understand it .
`` little did we know that the cylons would delve more deeply than any prior mining concern .
plainly there were mysteries to delve into-but just as plainly they would have to wait for another day .
her name did not spring immediately to mind and gendibal was in no mood to delve deeper .
such material often required a mentat for translation or , what was worse , in times of extreme fatigue demanded that she delve into other memories .
before she could really delve into that , he grabbed her by the arm and hauled her from the room .
but a group of us began to delve deeper into the mystery .
these sessions clearly frustrated the psychologist on a professional level , on the level of her ingrained training , which was predicated on drawing personal information out of patients in order to establish trust and then delve into deeper issues .
when i tried to delve into the crystal ball , i saw a swarm of ravens , cawing loudly and flying in circles over my head .
i did not want to delve too deep into why hannah was doing favors for richard .
we dont need to delve into my problems or my issues .
he was tempted to delve into drydens secrets there and then ; to find out more about the man and his shadowy past but knew that time was against him .
simon , i cant wait to delve into the game , its going to be one hell of an experience , and especially after all the work weve put into it .
emily went through the mental exercises necessary to delve deep into a relaxed , meditative state which wasnt conducive to safe driving but better than being tracked down by security operatives and gunned down .
he would delve into the canned stuff later on when the fresh food was exhausted .
tanner grey obviously wasnt going to delve into the subject haphazardly , but i didnt see the harm in asking him a few questions about things that id already witnessed .
even though the doctor seemed positive that samuel would pull through the surgery , i decided to delve into his mind to make sure he wasnt trying to bullshit me .
the one time i did try to really delve into what it meant to be a pyrokinetic , flashes of incoherent memories and feelings rose up out of a long-forgotten part of my mind , and all i felt was sorrow .
for the second time in my life , i have had to delve into the dangerous ranks of the dread alliance .
but he continued to delve deeper into the topic at hand .
then as we delve deeper into our subconscious we begin creating in our dreams , the void is the place where dreams are found , along with nightmares , spirits , both good and evil , and not too mention all the deep seated fear we let loose in our subconscious mind .
you must delve into your shadow side , accept it and integrate it .
i didnt want to talk about it and they were kind enough not to delve .
i felt driven to write about the assassin some more , and to delve into his background .
i want to delve deeper into elenas subconscious , but now is not the time .
she couldnt quite put her finger on it or could she , time to delve a little deeper .
under his expert direction , they were preparing to delve into the deeper history of the place , along with mapping the layout of the lower caves .
as his vision moved on towards grand peaks just beyond the canyons and rifts it seemed to swerve and swoop from side to side and then delve in amongst the ridges and fins of rock standing up from the earth in defiance of gravity .
must we delve into this topic so soon ?
perhaps it was time to delve into the darknet messages once more , and add a further stumbling block for the police to trip over before they came anywhere near the root cause of the trouble .
pierce was intrigued , but his head was too sore to delve too deeply into the statement .
but certain circumstances prevent it , circumstances we will delve into once the forms have been signed , said windsor , becoming quiet .
but before he had a chance to delve into one of his planned questions , kaci said , let me ask you something : you are a psychologist and so maybe you know .
the deeper they delve , the more evidence they unearth of a conspiracy implicating someone close to them , someone they hold in high regard .
then , they delve into any historical information that might be available for comparison , and they even study other works of art by the same artist .
i will ask him to delve a little deeper with the additional information you have now provided .
for her , there was way too much going on for her to even want to delve into it .
kellen was the first one to delve into the conglomeration , finding it difficult to maneuver around the vines enough to not get cut up by their sharp edges while also avoiding the piles of fly-infested trash .
i 'd thought about just one ticket for speeding for ya today , but with your attitude i 'm gon na have to delve them all out ?
they were to be vessels of energy through which the citizens of ascension could delve into and draw upon for their use .
on the other hand , i found no other path and an internal voice keeps warning me to delve no deeper .
he insisted that in the 1930s , hitler asked him to delve deeper into the murky genealogy of his family in order to rebut the nasty and damaging rumors once and for all . ''
on the rare case nothing presented itself , hed create his own project and delve into one of the many mysteries the caribbean had to offer .
they were going to continue on with the translation of the book and delve into its pages and secrets and they were much better suited to do it than she .
he could tell chuck didnt want to delve further into this subject .
bond thought it was time to delve rather more deeply .
'you must not delve into such matters ; they 're not your business !
we delve into his sketchy employment history - bosses , co-workers , duties , wages , dismissals .
`` and what brought you to delve into mine ? ''
classic signs that zane was about to delve into dark mode .
somehow , frightening and painful though it was , she had to delve into the half memories that shrouded this most recent incident .
francesca could understand why he might be reluctant to delve into this , given his own indiscretion with adriana , and became even uneasier about hearing it .
his reaction was so strong , she wanted to delve .
decker asked before she could delve too far into the confusing questions plaguing her .
she had to delve into the past and tell paul the truth about their mother 's family .
his boyhood story intrigued her and lara had tried to delve a little deeper , at first to see if nicolas always embraced the fight with the undead .
she was an unusual mortal , yet he had n't considered that he would have to delve deeper than he normally would .
he would plumb every secret place , delve deeper and deeper until he found complete sanctuary from the host of demons forever haunting him .
i was n't going to delve into the morality of killing plants , otherwise i 'd go insane every time i cut my mom 's lawn .
i was n't going to delve into the possible motives behind that , but just accept her offer as her being nice .
we will delve into blade sizes , applications , and materials .
i asked , not wanting to delve into what she had meant by that .
i nodded , slumping with my elbows on the table , unwilling to delve any deeper into my psyche right now .
a drugging languor floated through her , and god help her , she wanted that tongue to delve further , to explore deeper territory .
he filled her again , hooking her knees over his arms so he could get even closer , delve ever deeper .
there was a little pause as the others looked at one another and decided , based on stefan 's stony demeanor , not to delve deeper .
and before you try to make a liar out of me ... `` she had the snippet of a thought as she dove in , trying to do just that , before he put his hand on the back of her neck and brought his mouth to hers to delve into her in a sense that was far more physical .
cassie fought the urge to delve deeper into her memories .
`` what is it with you humans that you feel this incessant need to delve into things you should leave alone ? ''
he lifted his hands to spread her wider so that his tongue could flick and delve deep inside her .
though he 'd tried to delve into her emotions , the distance was too great , and he could barely discern his own , let alone another 's .
he said against her breast , beginning to delve that finger .
to delve deeper into the mysteries of the order of the sanguines , join christian as he is called to duty once again-to seek out an angel given flesh on earth-in an epic adventure of horror and enlightenment entitled innocent blood .
it was typical of marcy to keep it light and not delve too deeply into the trauma , and because she had n't ventured into the nitty-gritty on her own , i had n't pressed her .
she shivered as she felt his hand slide up the back of her neck to delve into her hair .
when he moved , releasing her wrists and allowing her hands to delve into his loose curls , she shifted her hips to keep from sliding off the seat , and her foot landed , unbalanced , on the round walking stick .
something i 'd been too ashamed to really delve into .
`` not a topic that i 'm willing to delve into . ''
it infuriated me even more that tut thought i 'd want to be one to delve into whatever private thoughts he was having about her .
i 'm not afraid to delve deep into those dark places .
i put the pistols aside and delve deeper into the drawer .
kayla folds her arms , keeping a careful watch as i delve through my wardrobe that evening , hunting for something to wear for this big surprise .
someone not frightened to delve into alchemies that others shunned .
neither of us wanted to delve into mr. hall 's death right now .
the wide passageways connecting the rooms stretch farther back than he can even see , turning around other corners , too , to delve who knows how much deeper beyond .
