Search word is now: bang
 ABBA – Bang a boomerang.
Electrons are thought to exist in the Universe since early stages of the Big Bang.
In about three minutes Big Bang nucleosynthesis produced most of the helium, lithium, and deuterium in the Universe, and perhaps some of the beryllium and boron.
Sinéad scribbled a few lyrics and bang!
This antimatter cannot all have been created in the Big Bang, but is instead attributed to have been produced by cyclic processes at high energies.
This leads to the question of why the formation of matter after the Big Bang resulted in a universe consisting almost entirely of matter, rather than being a half-and-half mixture of matter and antimatter.
Lovell's initial thought on hearing the noise was that Haise had activated the LM's cabin-repressurization valve, which also produced a bang (Haise enjoyed doing so to startle his crewmates), but Lovell could see that Haise had no idea what had happened.
Those last two models feature what Sakharov calls a reversal of the time arrow, which can be summarized as follows: He considers times t > 0 after the initial Big Bang singularity at t = 0 (which he calls "Friedman singularity" and denotes Φ) as well as times t < 0 before that singularity.
Biochemistry may have begun shortly after the Big Bang, 13.8 billion years ago, during a habitable epoch when the Universe was only 10–17 million years old.
PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Prior to knowledge of the Big Bang Boltzmann's thermodynamic concepts painted a picture of a universe that had inexplicably low entropy.
He emphasized that initial conditions that made possible a thermodynamic arrow of time in a universe with a Big Bang origin, must include the assumption that at the initial singularity, the entropy of the universe was low and therefore extremely improbable.
That the tiny patch of space from which our observable universe grew had to be extremely orderly, to allow the post-inflation universe to have an arrow of time, makes it unnecessary to adopt any "ad hoc" hypotheses about the initial entropy state, hypotheses other Big Bang theories require.
A major contribution to fundamental science was also due to a Belgian, Monsignor Georges Lemaître (Catholic University of Louvain), who is credited with proposing the Big Bang theory of the origin of the universe in 1927.
8Be has a very short half-life of about 8 s that contributes to its significant cosmological role, as elements heavier than beryllium could not have been produced by nuclear fusion in the Big Bang.
Star-created carbon (the basis of carbon-based life) is thus a component in the elements in the gas and dust ejected by AGB stars and supernovae (see also Big Bang nucleosynthesis), as well as the creation of all other elements with atomic numbers larger than that of carbon.
Both bang on the rehearsal door.
Gates made a guest appearance as himself on the TV show The Big Bang Theory.
Boron is rare in the Universe and solar system due to trace formation in the Big Bang and in stars.
The Big Bang theory is the prevailing cosmological model explaining the existence of the observable universe from the earliest known periods through its subsequent large-scale evolution.
Extrapolating this cosmic expansion backwards in time using the known laws of physics, the theory describes an increasingly concentrated cosmos preceded by a singularity in which space and time lose meaning (typically named "the Big Bang singularity").
Detailed measurements of the expansion rate of the universe place the Big Bang singularity at around 13.8 billion years ago, which is thus considered the age of the universe.
Most of the gravitational potential in the universe seems to be in this form, and the Big Bang theory and various observations indicate that this excess gravitational potential is not created by baryonic matter, such as normal atoms.
A wide range of empirical evidence strongly favors the Big Bang, which is now essentially universally accepted.
The Big Bang theory offers a comprehensive explanation for a broad range of observed phenomena, including the abundances of the light elements, the CMB, large-scale structure, and Hubble's law.
The expansion of the Universe was inferred from early twentieth century astronomical observations and is an essential ingredient of the Big Bang theory.
The Big Bang is not an explosion of matter moving outward to fill an empty universe.
An important feature of the Big Bang spacetime is the presence of particle horizons.
According to the Big Bang theory, the universe at the beginning was very hot and very compact, and since then it has been expanding and cooling down.
Commonly used calculations and limits for explaining gravitational collapse are usually based upon objects of relatively constant size, such as stars, and do not apply to rapidly expanding space such as the Big Bang.
The earliest phases of the Big Bang are subject to much speculation, since astronomical data about them are not available.
Rather than expanding into space, the Big Bang was the expansion/stretching of space itself, which is a much harder concept to grasp.
Another issue pointed out by Santhosh Mathew is that bang implies sound, which would require a vibrating particle and medium through which it travels.
Since this is the beginning of anything we can imagine, there is no basis for any sound, and thus the Big Bang was likely silent.
The Big Bang theory developed from observations of the structure of the universe and from theoretical considerations.
This perception was enhanced by the fact that the originator of the Big Bang theory, Lemaître, was a Roman Catholic priest.
The other was Lemaître's Big Bang theory, advocated and developed by George Gamow, who introduced BBN and whose associates, Ralph Alpher and Robert Herman, predicted the CMB.
Ironically, it was Hoyle who coined the phrase that came to be applied to Lemaître's theory, referring to it as "this big bang idea" during a BBC Radio broadcast in March 1949.
Eventually, the observational evidence, most notably from radio source counts, began to favor Big Bang over steady state.
Much of the current work in cosmology includes understanding how galaxies form in the context of the Big Bang, understanding the physics of the universe at earlier and earlier times, and reconciling observations with the basic theory.
In 1968 and 1970, Roger Penrose, Stephen Hawking, and George F. R. Ellis published papers where they showed that mathematical singularities were an inevitable initial condition of relativistic models of the Big Bang.
Then, from the 1970s to the 1990s, cosmologists worked on characterizing the features of the Big Bang universe and resolving outstanding problems.
In 1981, Alan Guth made a breakthrough in theoretical work on resolving certain outstanding theoretical problems in the Big Bang theory with the introduction of an epoch of rapid expansion in the early universe he called "inflation".
Cosmologists now have fairly precise and accurate measurements of many of the parameters of the Big Bang model, and have made the unexpected discovery that the expansion of the universe appears to be accelerating.
The earliest and most direct observational evidence of the validity of the theory are the expansion of the universe according to Hubble's law (as indicated by the redshifts of galaxies), discovery and measurement of the cosmic microwave background and the relative abundances of light elements produced by Big Bang nucleosynthesis (BBN).
More recent evidence includes observations of galaxy formation and evolution, and the distribution of large-scale cosmic structures, These are sometimes called the "four pillars" of the Big Bang theory.
Precise modern models of the Big Bang appeal to various exotic physical phenomena that have not been observed in terrestrial laboratory experiments or incorporated into the Standard Model of particle physics.
This universal expansion was predicted from general relativity by Friedmann in 1922 and Lemaître in 1927, well before Hubble made his 1929 analysis and observations, and it remains the cornerstone of the Big Bang theory as developed by Friedmann, Lemaître, Robertson, and Walker.
Radiation from the Big Bang was demonstrably warmer at earlier times throughout the universe.
Using the Big Bang model, it is possible to calculate the concentration of helium-4, helium-3, deuterium, and lithium-7 in the universe as ratios to the amount of ordinary hydrogen.
Detailed observations of the morphology and distribution of galaxies and quasars are in agreement with the current state of the Big Bang theory.
A combination of observations and theory suggest that the first quasars and galaxies formed about a billion years after the Big Bang, and since then, larger structures have been forming, such as galaxy clusters and superclusters.
Moreover, galaxies that formed relatively recently, appear markedly different from galaxies formed at similar distances but shortly after the Big Bang.
Observations of star formation, galaxy and quasar distributions and larger structures, agree well with Big Bang simulations of the formation of structure in the universe, and are helping to complete details of the theory.
Future gravitational-wave observatories might be able to detect primordial gravitational waves, relics of the early universe, up to less than a second after the Big Bang.
As with any theory, a number of mysteries and problems have arisen as a result of the development of the Big Bang theory.
Proposed solutions to some of the problems in the Big Bang model have revealed new mysteries of their own.
What follows are a list of the mysterious aspects of the Big Bang theory still under intense investigation by cosmologists and astrophysicists.
One of the common misconceptions about the Big Bang model is that it fully explains the origin of the universe.
However, the Big Bang model does not describe how energy, time, and space were caused, but rather it describes the emergence of the present universe from an ultra-dense and high-temperature initial state.
It is misleading to visualize the Big Bang by comparing its size to everyday objects.
When the size of the universe at Big Bang is described, it refers to the size of the observable universe, and not the entire universe.
The Big Bang theory, built upon the equations of classical general relativity, indicates a singularity at the origin of cosmic time, and such an infinite energy density may be a physical impossibility.
As such, physics may conclude that time did not exist before the Big Bang.
 The simplest models, in which the Big Bang was caused by quantum fluctuations.
It took place instantly, in our perspective, due to the absence of perceived time before the Big Bang.
In the latter model the Big Bang was preceded by a Big Crunch and the universe cycles from one process to the other.
Eternal inflation, in which universal inflation ends locally here and there in a random fashion, each end-point leading to a bubble universe, expanding from its own big bang.
Proposals in the last two categories see the Big Bang as an event in either a much larger and older universe or in a multiverse.
As a description of the origin of the universe, the Big Bang has significant bearing on religion and philosophy.
 , a discredited theory that denied the Big Bang and posited that the universe always existed.
Thornton made a guest appearance on The Big Bang Theory in 2014, where he played a middle-aged urologist who gets excited about every woman who touches him.
The very existence of baryons is also a significant issue in cosmology because it is assumed that the Big Bang produced a state with equal amounts of baryons and antibaryons.
Shortly afterwards, Hawking showed that many cosmological solutions that describe the Big Bang have singularities without scalar fields or other exotic matter (see "Penrose–Hawking singularity theorems").
In the current epoch of the universe these high densities are found only in stars, but in the early universe shortly after the Big Bang densities were much greater, possibly allowing for the creation of black holes.
Despite the early universe being extremely dense—far denser than is usually required to form a black hole—it did not re-collapse into a black hole during the Big Bang.
Models for the gravitational collapse of objects of relatively constant size, such as stars, do not necessarily apply in the same way to rapidly expanding space such as the Big Bang.
The most popular free gift was issue 2201's Gnasher Snapper, a prank toy that would make a bang sound when unfolded, and was re-gifted occasionally in later issues, as well as the 60th anniversary.
In addition, The Rolling Stones performed this song live in Austin, Texas at Zilker Park on their A Bigger Bang Tour, a shout-out to Wills.
This performance was included on their subsequent DVD The Biggest Bang.
The physicist and priest John Polkinghorne, in his Questions of Truth, discusses the subject of religion and science, a topic that other Christian apologists such as Ravi Zacharias, John Lennox, and William Lane Craig have engaged, with the latter two men opining that the inflationary Big Bang model is evidence for the existence of God.
PAHs seem to have been formed "a couple of billion years" after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
This leads to an open and often hostile opposition to what neo-creationists term "Darwinism", which they generally mean to refer to evolution, but which they may extend to include such concepts as abiogenesis, stellar evolution and the Big Bang theory.
There are several verses in the Qur'an which some modern writers have interpreted as being compatible with the expansion of the universe, Big Bang and Big Crunch theories:
These advances made it possible to speculate about the origin of the universe, and allowed the establishment of the Big Bang theory, by Georges Lemaître, as the leading cosmological model.
A few researchers still advocate a handful of alternative cosmologies; however, most cosmologists agree that the Big Bang theory best explains the observations.
One was Lemaître's Big Bang theory, advocated and developed by George Gamow.
The discovery of the cosmic microwave background in 1965 lent strong support to the Big Bang model, and since the precise measurements of the cosmic microwave background by the Cosmic Background Explorer in the early 1990s, few cosmologists have seriously proposed other theories of the origin and evolution of the cosmos.
An alternative view to extend the Big Bang model, suggesting the universe had no beginning or singularity and the age of the universe is infinite, has been presented.
The lightest chemical elements, primarily hydrogen and helium, were created during the Big Bang through the process of nucleosynthesis.
Timeline of the Big Bang
Therefore, while the basic features of this epoch have been worked out in the Big Bang theory, the details are largely based on educated guesses.
The early, hot universe appears to be well explained by the Big Bang from roughly 10−33 seconds onwards, but there are several problems.
Big Bang nucleosynthesis had a brief period during which it could operate, so only the very lightest elements were produced.
It is frequently referred to as the standard model of Big Bang cosmology.
At this point, radiation produced in the Big Bang stopped Thomson scattering from charged ions.
One of the goals of these efforts is to measure the basic parameters of the Lambda-CDM model with increasing accuracy, as well as to test the predictions of the Big Bang model and look for new physics.
On 17 March 2014, astronomers of the BICEP2 Collaboration announced the apparent detection of B-mode polarization of the CMB, considered to be evidence of primordial gravitational waves that are predicted by the theory of inflation to occur during the earliest phase of the Big Bang.
In order not to interfere with Big Bang nucleosynthesis and the cosmic microwave background, it must not cluster in haloes like baryons and dark matter.
Gravitational-wave astronomy is an emerging branch of observational astronomy which aims to use gravitational waves to collect observational data about sources of detectable gravitational waves such as binary star systems composed of white dwarfs, neutron stars, and black holes; and events such as supernovae, and the formation of the early universe shortly after the Big Bang.
The inflationary epoch lasted from  seconds after the conjectured Big Bang singularity to some time between  and  seconds after the singularity.
Based on a huge amount of experimental observation and theoretical work, it is now believed that the reason for the observation is that space itself is expanding, and that it expanded very rapidly within the first fraction of a second after the Big Bang.
Inflation theory largely resolves these problems as well, thus making a universe like ours much more likely in the context of Big Bang theory.
In the standard hot big bang model, without inflation, the cosmological horizon moves out, bringing new regions into view.
Inflation resolves several problems in Big Bang cosmology that were discovered in the 1970s.
These problems arise from the observation that to look like it does today, the Universe would have to have started from very finely tuned, or "special" initial conditions at the Big Bang.
The situation is quite different in the big bang model without inflation, because gravitational expansion does not give the early universe enough time to equilibrate.
In a big bang with only the matter and radiation known in the Standard Model, two widely separated regions of the observable universe cannot have equilibrated because they move apart from each other faster than the speed of light and thus have never come into causal contact.
Extrapolated into the past, this presents a fine-tuning problem because the contribution of curvature to the Universe must be exponentially small (sixteen orders of magnitude less than the density of radiation at Big Bang nucleosynthesis, for example).
In the early 1970s Zeldovich noticed the flatness and horizon problems of Big Bang cosmology; before his work, cosmology was presumed to be symmetrical on purely philosophical grounds.
The big bounce hypothesis attempts to replace the cosmic singularity with a cosmic contraction and bounce, thereby explaining the initial conditions that led to the big bang.
Such an interaction averts the unphysical Big Bang singularity, replacing it with a cusp-like bounce at a finite minimum scale factor, before which the Universe was contracting.
These models solve the horizon problem through an expanding epoch well before the Big Bang, and then generate the required spectrum of primordial density perturbations during a contracting phase leading to a Big Crunch.
The Universe passes through the Big Crunch and emerges in a hot Big Bang phase.
The lightest chemical elements are hydrogen and helium, both created by Big Bang nucleosynthesis during the first 20 minutes of the universe in a ratio of around 3:1 by mass (or 12:1 by number of atoms), along with tiny traces of the next two elements, lithium and beryllium.
Most of the hydrogen, helium and a very small quantity of lithium were produced in the first few minutes of the Big Bang.
This Big Bang nucleosynthesis happened only once; the other processes are ongoing.
During the early phases of the Big Bang, nucleosynthesis of hydrogen nuclei resulted in the production of hydrogen-1 (protium, 1H) and helium-4 (4He), as well as a smaller amount of deuterium (2H) and very minuscule amounts (on the order of 10−10) of lithium and beryllium.
No elements heavier than boron were produced in the Big Bang.
The abundance of elements in the Solar System is in keeping with their origin from nucleosynthesis in the Big Bang and a number of progenitor supernova stars.
The Han dynasty was founded by Liu Bang, who emerged victorious in the Chu–Han Contention that followed the fall of the Qin dynasty.
On television, it plays a prominent role and is the workplace of all four male lead characters and one female lead character in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 Cyril Gray, character from the film Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, played by Eros Vlahos
that, to the best of our knowledge, our universe had a beginning in the form of the Big Bang.
The Big Bang theory states that it is the point in which all dimensions came into existence, the start of both space and time.
However, some cosmologists and physicists do attempt to investigate causes for the Big Bang, using such scenarios as the collision of membranes.
Philosopher Edward Feser argues that most of the classical philosophers' cosmological arguments for the existence of God do not depend on the Big Bang or whether the universe had a beginning.
In another medium, The Big Bang Theory, a television show, uses cow tipping lore as an element to establish the nature of a rural character, Penny.
Bassist Nick Seymour (ex-Plays with Marionettes, Bang, The Horla) is the younger brother of singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Seymour of Australian rock group Hunters & Collectors.
When in 1991 the Soviet Union collapsed not with a bang but a whimper, this unexpected outcome was partly the result of the previous disenchantments of the narrative of class leadership.
However, this strongly conflicts with the evidence for cosmological evolution mentioned earlier:  the universe has progressed from extremely different conditions at the Big Bang, and will continue to progress toward extremely different conditions, particularly under the rising influence of dark energy, apparently toward the Big Freeze or Big Rip.
He closes by writing, "Cowboy Bebop ends with a bang."
The cosmic microwave background (CMB, CMBR), in Big Bang cosmology, is electromagnetic radiation which is a remnant from an early stage of the universe, also known as "relic radiation".
CMB is landmark evidence of the Big Bang origin of the universe.
Although many different processes might produce the general form of a black body spectrum, no model other than the Big Bang has yet explained the fluctuations.
The high degree of uniformity throughout the observable universe and its faint but measured anisotropy lend strong support for the Big Bang model in general and the ΛCDM ("Lambda Cold Dark Matter") model in particular.
In the Big Bang model for the formation of the universe, inflationary cosmology predicts that after about 10−37 seconds the nascent universe underwent exponential growth that smoothed out nearly all irregularities.
Long before the formation of stars and planets, the early universe was smaller, much hotter and, starting 10−6 seconds after the Big Bang, filled with a uniform glow from its white-hot fog of interacting plasma of photons, electrons, and baryons.
According to the Big Bang model, the radiation from the sky we measure today comes from a spherical surface called the surface of last scattering.
Using this model, and based on the study of narrow absorption line features in the spectra of stars, the astronomer Andrew McKellar wrote in 1941: "It can be calculated that the 'rotational temperature' of interstellar space is 2 K." However, during the 1970s the consensus was established that the cosmic microwave background is a remnant of the big bang.
Measurements of the CMB have made the inflationary Big Bang theory the Standard Cosmological Model.
Cosmologists predict two types of B-modes, the first generated during cosmic inflation shortly after the big bang, and the second generated by gravitational lensing at later times.
Even in the COBE map, it was observed that the quadrupole (ℓ = 2, spherical harmonic) has a low amplitude compared to the predictions of the Big Bang.
1964–65 – Arno Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson measure the temperature to be approximately 3 K. Robert Dicke, James Peebles, P. G. Roll, and D. T. Wilkinson interpret this radiation as a signature of the big bang.
2005 – Ralph A. Alpher is awarded the National Medal of Science for his groundbreaking work in nucleosynthesis and prediction that the universe expansion leaves behind background radiation, thus providing a model for the Big Bang theory.
The Big Bang and Cosmic Microwave Background – October 2006
 Bang and Olufsen (hi-fi equipment)
For earlier time periods, see Timeline of the Big Bang, Geologic time scale, Timeline of evolution, and Logarithmic timeline.
Dallas started the 2007 season with a bang, winning their first five games.
Nearly all deuterium found in nature was produced in the Big Bang 13.8 billion years ago, as the basic or primordial ratio of hydrogen-1 to deuterium (about 26 atoms of deuterium per million hydrogen atoms) has its origin from that time.
Through much of the few minutes after the Big Bang during which nucleosynthesis could have occurred, the temperature was high enough that the mean energy per particle was greater than the binding energy of weakly bound deuterium; therefore any deuterium that was formed was immediately destroyed.
However, very shortly thereafter, at twenty minutes after the Big Bang, the Universe became too cool for any further nuclear fusion and nucleosynthesis to occur.
At this point, the elemental abundances were nearly fixed, with the only change as some of the radioactive products of Big Bang nucleosynthesis (such as tritium) decay.
At the same time, the failure of much nucleogenesis during the Big Bang ensured that there would be plenty of hydrogen in the later universe available to form long-lived stars, such as our Sun.
Gamma radiation from ordinary nuclear fusion dissociates deuterium into protons and neutrons, and there are no known natural processes other than the Big Bang nucleosynthesis that might have produced deuterium at anything close to its observed natural abundance.
The existence of deuterium at a low but constant primordial fraction in all hydrogen is another one of the arguments in favor of the Big Bang theory over the Steady State theory of the Universe.
The observed ratios of hydrogen to helium to deuterium in the universe are difficult to explain except with a Big Bang model.
Structure formation refers to the period after the Big Bang when density perturbations collapsed to form stars, galaxies, and clusters.
The theory of Big Bang nucleosynthesis predicts the observed abundance of the chemical elements.
If there are more baryons, then there should also be more helium, lithium and heavier elements synthesized during the Big Bang.
Unlike baryonic matter, nonbaryonic matter did not contribute to the formation of the elements in the early universe (Big Bang nucleosynthesis) and so its presence is revealed only via its gravitational effects, or weak lensing.
Studies of Big Bang nucleosynthesis and gravitational lensing convinced most cosmologists that MACHOs cannot make up more than a small fraction of dark matter.
Peru used to do not produce their own dubs since dubbing studios never existed in that country until 2016, when the company "Big Bang Films" started to dub movies and series, however, since 2014 a group of dubbing actors created a group called "Torre A Doblaje", who is a group of actors who gives dubbing and locution service.
Contemporary literature dates the cosmological theories of the Big Bang and Big Crunch to the 19th and 20th centuries.
For the first millisecond of the Big Bang, the temperatures were over 10 billion kelvins and photons had mean energies over a million electronvolts.
Roughly one million years after the big bang, the first generation of stars began to form.
Eureka: A Prose Poem, an essay written in 1848, included a cosmological theory that presaged the Big Bang theory by 80 years, as well as the first plausible solution to Olbers' paradox.
The chemistry of life may have begun shortly after the Big Bang, 13.8 billion years ago, during a habitable epoch when the universe was only 10–17 million years old.
Energy transformations in the universe over time are characterized by various kinds of potential energy, that has been available since the Big Bang, being "released" (transformed to more active types of energy such as kinetic or radiant energy) when a triggering mechanism is available.
 Epoch (cosmology) or cosmologic epoch, a phase in the development of the universe since the Big Bang
 Eve Wakamiya, the keyboardist of the band Pastel*Palettes in the BanG Dream!
Everyone agreed that EastEnders would be tough, violent on occasion, funny and sharp—set in Margaret Thatcher's Britain—and it would start with a bang (namely the death of Reg Cox).
  Interactive timeline from Big Bang to present
In the history of the universe, this is believed to have happened shortly after the hot big bang, when the universe was at a temperature 159.5±1.5 GeV (assuming the Standard Model of particle physics).
Debate continues as to whether a "revolution" led to modern humans ("the big bang of human consciousness"), or whether the evolution was more "gradual".
Using a bow borrowed from the band's bass player, as well as drum sticks, he proceeded to pluck, bang, and bow the spokes of the bike, producing strange, comical sounds from his newfound instrument.
At the high temperatures shortly after the Big Bang, the weak interaction, the electromagnetic interaction, and the Higgs boson were originally mixed components of a different set of ancient pre-symmetry-breaking fields.
This is because shortly after the Big Bang, when the temperature was still above approximately 1015 K, the electromagnetic force and the weak force were still merged as a combined electroweak force.
Such temperatures have been probed in modern particle accelerators and show the conditions of the universe in the early moments of the Big Bang.
In the end, mounting observational evidence convinced most cosmologists that the steady state model was incorrect and that the Big Bang was the theory that agreed better with observations, although Hoyle continued to support and develop his theory.
Hoyle died in 2001 having never accepted the validity of the Big Bang theory.
 The Nature of the Universe – a series of broadcast lectures, Basil Blackwell, Oxford 1950 (early use of the big bang phrase)
 The big bang in astronomy, New Scientist 92(1280):527, 19 November 1981.
According to the current models of big bang nucleosynthesis, the primordial composition of visible matter of the universe should be about 75% hydrogen and 25% helium-4 (in mass).
202 BC – Liu Bang is enthroned as the Emperor of China, beginning four centuries of rule by the Han dynasty.
Other examples include The Big Bang Theory, New Girl, and Happy Endings.
Galaxy formation is hypothesized to occur from structure formation theories, as a result of tiny quantum fluctuations in the aftermath of the Big Bang.
The Lambda-CDM model is a cosmological model that explains the formation of the universe after the Big Bang.
The time dependent solutions of general relativity enable us to talk about the history of the universe and have provided the modern framework for cosmology, thus leading to the discovery of the Big Bang and Cosmic Microwave Background radiation.
Lemaître used these solutions to formulate the earliest version of the Big Bang models, in which our universe has evolved from an extremely hot and dense earlier state.
An even larger question is the physics of the earliest universe, prior to the inflationary phase and close to where the classical models predict the big bang singularity.
The Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker solutions and other spacetimes describing universes have past singularities on which worldlines begin, namely Big Bang singularities, and some have future singularities (Big Crunch) as well.
As of recently, names such as Farid Bang, Nate57, Majoe & Jasko and Haftbefehl have appeared on the charts regularly.
 Genesis and the Big Bang (1990), 
Critique of Genesis & the Big Bang, authored by Rabbi Yoram Bogacz.
He appeared with Paul Newman, in The United States Steel Hour (1956), as the singing, guitar-playing baseball player Piney Woods in Bang the Drum Slowly, directed by Daniel Petrie.
It has a comoving distance of 32 billion light-years from Earth, and is seen as it existed just 400 million years after the Big Bang.
Evidence for the appearance of galaxies very early in the Universe's history was found in 2006, when it was discovered that the galaxy IOK-1 has an unusually high redshift of 6.96, corresponding to just 750 million years after the Big Bang and making it the most distant and earliest-to-form galaxy seen at that time.
The object, estimated to have existed around 380 million years after the Big Bang (which was about 13.8 billion years ago), is about 13.42 billion light travel distance years away.
The existence of galaxies so soon after the Big Bang suggests that protogalaxies must have grown in the so-called "dark ages".
As of May 5, 2015, the galaxy EGS-zs8-1 is the most distant and earliest galaxy measured, forming 670 million years after the Big Bang.
In the nineteenth century, the game was introduced to Britain where it was known as Go Bang, said to be a corruption of the Japanese word goban, which was itself adapted from the Chinese k'i pan (qí pán) "go-board.
Note, This game is the one lately introduced into England under the misspelt name of Go Bang.
Galactus's initial origin was that of a space explorer named Galan who gained cosmic abilities by passing near a star, but writer Mark Gruenwald further developed the origin of the character, presenting Galan as alive during the previous universe that existed prior to the Big Bang which began the current universe.
Galan, however, does not die: after bonding with the Sentience of the Universe, he changes and gestates for billions of years in an egg made of the debris of his ship that the current universe formed after the Big Bang.
In the early universe, the formation of protons, the nuclei of hydrogen, occurred during the first second after the Big Bang.
All deuterium in the universe is thought to have been produced at the time of the Big Bang, and has endured since that time.
Most helium in the universe is helium-4, the vast majority of which was formed during the Big Bang.
There was thus no time for significant carbon to be formed in the few minutes after the Big Bang, before the early expanding universe cooled to the temperature and pressure point where helium fusion to carbon was no longer possible.
All heavier elements (including those necessary for rocky planets like the Earth, and for carbon-based or other life) have thus been created since the Big Bang in stars which were hot enough to fuse helium itself.
It was also formed in enormous quantities during Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Since the 1970s, fundamental particle physics has provided insights into early universe cosmology, particularly the Big Bang theory proposed as a consequence of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
Cosmic background radiation was verified in the 1960s by Penzias and Wilson, and this discovery favoured the big bang at the expense of the steady state scenario.
Various smaller bands from the U.S., U.K, and Continental Europe, including Bang, Josefus, Leaf Hound, Primeval, Hard Stuff, Truth and Janey, Dust, JPT Scare Band, Frijid Pink, Cactus, May Blitz, Captain Beyond, Toad, Granicus, Iron Claw, and Yesterday's Children, though lesser known outside of their respective scenes, proved to be greatly influential on the emerging metal movement.
Physical cosmology, a discipline that has a large intersection with astronomy, made huge advances during the 20th century, with the model of the hot Big Bang heavily supported by the evidence provided by astronomy and physics, such as the redshifts of very distant galaxies and radio sources, the cosmic microwave background radiation, Hubble's law and cosmological abundances of elements.
 Horrendous Space Kablooie, a Calvin and Hobbes reference to the Big Bang
The observation by Edwin Hubble in 1929 that the speed at which galaxies recede positively correlates with their distance, led to the understanding that the universe is expanding, and the formulation of the Big Bang theory by Georges Lemaître.
The artist-run gallery space Kling og Bang, members of which later ran the studio complex and exhibition venue Klink og Bank, has been a significant part of the trend of self-organised spaces, exhibitions, and projects.
Sukarno was popularly referred to as bang ("older brother"), and he painted himself as a man of the people carrying the aspirations of Indonesia and one who dared take on the West.
As a list, they are generators and can thus be iterated over using the bang syntax:
To answer, we might attempt to explain the shape of the Milky Way galaxy using the laws of physics, although other observations might be more definitive, that is, provide larger discrepancies or less measurement uncertainty, like the anisotropy of the microwave background radiation or Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
CosmologyThe Big Bang theory of the evolution of the observable universe assumes that space is isotropic.
(In a relativistic universe, presumably this means—at any point in spacetime—time measured from t=0 at the Big Bang or end of inflation.)
Dead Bang (1989) followed Don Johnson as he infiltrated a group of white supremacists.
Some time in or after 1965, he acquired his first item of studio recording equipment, a Bang & Olufsen 'Beocord 2000 De Luxe' stereo reel-to-reel tape recorder, which allowed multi-tracking between left and right channels.
Klingon speakers are also referred to in non-Star Trek TV series, including Frasier, The Big Bang Theory, and Lucifer, and heavily feature in the My Big Fat Geek Wedding episode of The Simpsons.
7Li is one of the primordial elements (or, more properly, primordial nuclides) produced in Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Although it was synthesized in the Big Bang, lithium (together with beryllium and boron) is markedly less abundant in the universe than other elements.
According to modern cosmological theory, lithium—in both stable isotopes (lithium-6 and lithium-7)—was one of the three elements synthesized in the Big Bang.
Though the amount of lithium generated in Big Bang nucleosynthesis is dependent upon the number of photons per baryon, for accepted values the lithium abundance can be calculated, and there is a "cosmological lithium discrepancy" in the universe: older stars seem to have less lithium than they should, and some younger stars have much more.
To legitimize the Thonburi Dynasty, General Taksin seized the Emerald Buddha and Phra Bang images from Vientiane.
and "What happened before the Big Bang?".
In September 1996, a Rickenbacker belonging to him was a featured part of the Bang Your Head exhibition at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio, US.
Chancellor Geoffrey Howe abolished the UK's exchange controls in 1979, which allowed more capital to be invested in foreign markets, and the Big Bang of 1986 removed many restrictions on the London Stock Exchange.
The popular American sitcom The Big Bang Theory features a scene in the season two episode "The Bad Fish Paradigm", in which two of the lead characters Raj (played by Kunal Nayyar) and Sheldon (played by Jim Parsons) argue with each other over Dixit and fellow actress Aishwarya Rai.
Higher-energy (more massive) mesons were created momentarily in the Big Bang, but are not thought to play a role in nature today.
The cosmic microwave background radiation (CMBR), for example, is a weak microwave noise filling empty space which is a major source of information on cosmology's Big Bang theory of the origin of the Universe.
Scientific inquiry facilitates this through nomological investigation into various aspects of life and reality, such as the Big Bang, the origin of life, and evolution, and by studying the objective factors which correlate with the subjective experience of meaning and happiness.
Though the Big Bang theory was met with much skepticism when first introduced, it has become well-supported by several independent observations.
However, current physics can only describe the early universe from 10−43 seconds after the Big Bang (where zero time corresponds to infinite temperature); a theory of quantum gravity would be required to understand events before that time.
For example, one interpretation is that the Big Bang occurred coincidentally, and when considering the anthropic principle, it is sometimes interpreted as implying the existence of a multiverse.
A recent trend has been models of the creation of 'baby universes' inside black holes, with our own Big Bang being a white hole on the inside of a black hole in another parent universe.
Infectious agents have been suggested to cause cancer as early as 1908 by Vilhelm Ellermann and Oluf Bang, and 1911 by Peyton Rous who discovered the Rous sarcoma virus.
The final result will be a "musical history of the universe", from the Big Bang onwards through galaxy and star formation, up until modern times, including images from the Hubble Space Telescope and rhythms derived from the cosmic background radiation, supernovae, quasars, and many other astrophysical phenomena.
In 2007, Nobel laureate Steven Weinberg suggested that if the multiverse existed, "the hope of finding a rational explanation for the precise values of quark masses and other constants of the standard model that we observe in our Big Bang is doomed, for their values would be an accident of the particular part of the multiverse in which we live."
The branes float or drift near each other in the bulk, and every few trillion years, attracted by gravity or some other force we do not understand, collide and bang into each other.
The Power Primordial is a leftover force from Big Bang and is controlled by the Elders of the Universe.
The Phoenix Force is composed of the psionic energy from all living beings' past, present, and future, and is an embodiment of rebirth and destructive transformation through "burning away what doesn't work", and helped to restart the universe before the Big Bang.
Then, the Multiverse went through several incarnations and eventually the Big Bang caused the existence of the Seventh Cosmos, where most well-known heroes originated.
Most of the helium in the universe was formed during Big Bang nucleosynthesis, but the amount of helium is steadily increasing due to the fusion of hydrogen in stellar nucleosynthesis (and, to a very slight degree, the alpha decay of heavy elements).
According to the theory, as the Universe cooled after the Big Bang it eventually became possible for common subatomic particles as we know them (neutrons, protons and electrons) to exist.
The most common particles created in the Big Bang which are still easily observable to us today were protons and electrons (in equal numbers).
Outer space is sparsely filled with several dozen types of organic molecules discovered to date by microwave spectroscopy, blackbody radiation left over from the Big Bang and the origin of the universe, and cosmic rays, which include ionized atomic nuclei and various subatomic particles.
In April 2018, Gaiman made a guest appearance on the television show The Big Bang Theory, and his tweet about the show's fictional comic book store becomes the central theme of the episode "The Comet Polarization".
1986 – The British government suddenly deregulates financial markets, leading to a total restructuring of the way in which they operate in the country, in an event now referred to as the Big Bang.
That model explains the observed non-uniformity of brightness by invoking spacetime's expansion, which lengthens the light originating from the Big Bang to microwave levels via a process known as redshift; this microwave radiation background has wavelengths much longer than those of visible light, and so appears dark to the naked eye.
However, the Big Bang theory seems to introduce a new problem: it states that the sky was much brighter in the past, especially at the end of the recombination era, when it first became transparent.
All points of the local sky at that era were comparable in brightness to the surface of the Sun, due to the high temperature of the universe in that era; and most light rays will originate not from a star but the relic of the Big Bang.
This problem is addressed by the fact that the Big Bang theory also involves the expansion of space, which can cause the energy of emitted light to be reduced via redshift.
This explains the relatively low light densities and energy levels present in most of our sky today despite the assumed bright nature of the Big Bang.
The redshift hypothesised in the Big Bang model would by itself explain the darkness of the night sky even if the universe were infinitely old.
There is no Big Bang in this model, but there are stars and quasars at arbitrarily great distances.
The Big Bang hypothesis predicts that the CBR should have the same energy density as the binding energy density of the primordial helium, which is much greater than the binding energy density of the non-primordial elements; so it gives almost the same result.
They both postulated that if the stars in the universe were distributed in a hierarchical fractal cosmology (e.g., similar to Cantor dust)—the average density of any region diminishes as the region considered increases—it would not be necessary to rely on the Big Bang theory to explain Olbers' paradox.
 Claes Bang (born 1967) a Danish actor and musician 
Some other very common English-language examples are hiccup, zoom, bang, beep, moo, and splash.
For example,  represents something being silent, just as how an anglophone might say "clatter, crash, bang!"
In the early 20th century, Hubble's discovery that the universe is expanding, as shown by the Hubble diagram, prompted rival explanations known as the steady state universe and the Big Bang.
The Big Bang model rests on two theoretical pillars: Albert Einstein's general relativity and the cosmological principle.
The 2004 season began with a bang as Owens caught three touchdown passes from McNabb in their season opener against the New York Giants.
Physical science uses the Big Bang theory as the commonly accepted scientific theory of the origin of the universe.
This imbalance would have been exceptionally small, on the order of 1 in every  (1010) particles a small fraction of a second after the Big Bang, but after most of the matter and antimatter annihilated, what was left over was all the baryonic matter in the current universe, along with a much greater number of bosons.
Eliot's "This is the way the world ends / Not with a bang but a whimper").
Of note are Rabco's SL-8, followed by Bang & Olufsen with its Beogram 4000 model in 1972.
An alternative design is the moving iron variation on moving magnet used by ADC, Grado, Stanton/Pickering 681 series, Ortofon OM and VMS series, and the MMC cartridge of Bang & Olufsen.
In 1993 Glass formed another record label, Point Music; in 1997, Point Music released Music for Airports, a live, instrumental version of Eno's composition of the same name, by Bang on a Can All-Stars.
At the same time, Em, best friend of the protagonist in two books by Leigh Matthews (Don't Bang the Barista and Go Deep) is a bisexual woman dating a man in the first book, but by the second book she has "happily settled into a poly triad", wondering how she will get married.
Wertico has also released numerous recordings as co-leader: a self-titled LP, Earwax Control, and a live Earwax Control CD entitled, Number 2 Live; a self-titled LP, Spontaneous Composition; a drum/percussion duo CD (with Gregg Bendian) entitled BANG!
Bang & Olufsen, who produced a high-end television with a built-in CD-i device (Beocenter AV5) on the market from 1997-2001.
1964 – The discovery of cosmic microwave background radiation leads to the big bang theory being accepted over the steady state theory in cosmology.
Heavier quarks can only be created in high-energy collisions (such as in those involving cosmic rays), and decay quickly; however, they are thought to have been present during the first fractions of a second after the Big Bang, when the universe was in an extremely hot and dense phase (the quark epoch).
In 2020, the quasar Pōniuāʻena was detected from a time only 700 million years after the Big Bang, and with an estimated mass of 1.5 billion times the mass of our Sun.
In early 2021, the quasar J0313–1806, with a 1.6-billion-solar-mass black hole, was reported at z = 7.64, 670 million years after the Big Bang.
This discovery by Maarten Schmidt in 1967 was early strong evidence against steady-state cosmology and in favor of the Big Bang cosmology.
Quasars show evidence of elements heavier than helium, indicating that galaxies underwent a massive phase of star formation, creating population III stars between the time of the Big Bang and the first observed quasars.
George Gamow was one of the foremost advocates of the Big Bang theory.
Sheldon Cooper, a fictional theoretical physicist from the television series The Big Bang Theory, is a Feynman fan who has emulated him on various occasions, once by playing the bongo drums.
Later mention includes an 1895 article in The New York Times, which describes Reversi as "something like Go Bang, [...] played with 64 pieces."
I go in and teach radical feminism, bang, the room explodes."
Afterwards, according to Comedy Bang!
It also showed a way to obtain similarly general conclusions in other contexts, notably that of the cosmological Big Bang, which he dealt with in collaboration with Dennis Sciama's most famous student, Stephen Hawking.
In 2010, Penrose reported possible evidence, based on concentric circles found in Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe data of the cosmic microwave background sky, of an earlier universe existing before the Big Bang of our own present universe.
He mentions this evidence in the epilogue of his 2010 book Cycles of Time, a book in which he presents his reasons, to do with Einstein's field equations, the Weyl curvature C, and the Weyl curvature hypothesis (WCH), that the transition at the Big Bang could have been smooth enough for a previous universe to survive it.
In simple terms, he believes that the singularity in Einstein's field equation at the Big Bang is only an apparent singularity, similar to the well-known apparent singularity at the event horizon of a black hole.
The latter singularity can be removed by a change of coordinate system, and Penrose proposes a different change of coordinate system that will remove the singularity at the big bang.
One implication of this is that the major events at the Big Bang can be understood without unifying general relativity and quantum mechanics, and therefore we are not necessarily constrained by the Wheeler–DeWitt equation, which disrupts time.
 Penrose's new theory "Aeons Before the Big Bang?
 Revised 2009 lecture: "Aeons Before the Big Bang?"
They are today considered strong evidence for an expanding universe and the Big Bang theory.
The largest-observed redshift, corresponding to the greatest distance and furthest back in time, is that of the cosmic microwave background radiation; the numerical value of its redshift is about  ( corresponds to present time), and it shows the state of the universe about 13.8 billion years ago, and 379,000 years after the initial moments of the Big Bang.
While it was long believed that the expansion rate has been continuously decreasing since the Big Bang, recent observations of the redshift-distance relationship using Type Ia supernovae have suggested that in comparatively recent times the expansion rate of the universe has begun to accelerate.
The previous record was held by UDFy-38135539 at a redshift of , corresponding to 600 million years after the Big Bang.
The cosmic microwave background has a redshift of , corresponding to an age of approximately 379,000 years after the Big Bang and a comoving distance of more than 46 billion light-years.
Other high-redshift events predicted by physics but not presently observable are the cosmic neutrino background from about two seconds after the Big Bang (and a redshift in excess of ) and the cosmic gravitational wave background emitted directly from inflation at a redshift in excess of .
Baxter describes the film as "one of the most admired and discussed creations in the history of cinema", and Steven Spielberg has referred to it as "the big bang of his film making generation".
The first stars to form after the Big Bang may have been larger, up to 300 , due
 Double Sextet/2×5, Eighth Blackbird and Bang on a Can (Nonesuch)
On May 16, 2019, Gellar appeared in the series finale of The Big Bang Theory.
Beckett said that Herbert became his closest friend in England: "She has a great feeling for the work and is very sensitive and doesn't want to bang the nail on the head.
It appears that space was created in the Big Bang, 13.8 billion years ago and has been expanding ever since.
The Big Bang produced hydrogen, helium, and traces of lithium, while all heavier elements are synthesised in stars and supernovae.
Contrary to the description above of distance independence, in the post-Big Bang universe it is not the case that every quark in the universe attracts every other quark.
If GUT is correct, after the Big Bang and during the electroweak epoch of the universe, the electroweak force separated from the strong force.
1947 – Billy Bang, American violinist and composer (d. 2011)
Such collisions cause the quarks that make up atomic nuclei to deconfine at temperatures of approximately two trillion kelvin, conditions similar to those present at around  seconds after the Big Bang.
For example, the standard Big Bang model does not explain why the universe appears to be the same in all directions, why it appears flat on very large distance scales, or why certain hypothesized particles such as magnetic monopoles are not observed in experiments.
Currently, the leading candidate for a theory going beyond the Big Bang is the theory of cosmic inflation.
Developed by Alan Guth and others in the 1980s, inflation postulates a period of extremely rapid accelerated expansion of the universe prior to the expansion described by the standard Big Bang theory.
The theory of cosmic inflation preserves the successes of the Big Bang while providing a natural explanation for some of the mysterious features of the universe.
But with weird tunings or something jammed under a particular fret, those humble instruments could sound rather amazing – bang a drum stick on a cheap Japanese Stratocaster copy in the right tuning, crank the amplifier to within an inch of its life and it will sound like church bells.
 The Saint: The Big Bang (28 July 1990 – Dutton)
 Initial singularity, a hypothesized singularity of infinite density before quantum fluctuations caused the Big Bang and subsequent inflation that created the Universe
In some variations, such as Bubble Bang, circles or balls are used instead of blocks—which alters the gameplay, as the balls form different shapes than square blocks.
Because of the operation of Commodore floppy drives, one write protection scheme would cause the floppy drive head to bang against the end of its rail, which could cause the drive head to become misaligned.
The 2013 MIT Survey on Science, Religion and Origins examined the views of religious people in America on origins science topics like evolution, the Big Bang, and perceptions of conflicts between science and religion.
Examples of this include the cosmological arrow of time, which points away from the Big Bang, CPT symmetry, and the radiative arrow of time, caused by light only travelling forwards in time (see light cone).
The Gulf of Thailand covers  and is fed by the Chao Phraya, Mae Klong, Bang Pakong, and Tapi Rivers.
"The Hollow Men" contains some of Eliot's most famous lines, notably its conclusion: This is the way the world endsNot with a bang but a whimper.
The X-Files has also been parodied or referenced in countless other shows, like: 3rd Rock from the Sun, Archer, NewsRadio, American Horror Story, The Big Bang Theory, Bones, Breaking Bad, Californication, Supernatural, Castle, Family Guy, Hey Arnold!, King of the Hill, South Park, and Two and a Half Men.
12 in the "25 Best Cult TV Shows from the Past 25 Years", saying, "The show itself was only fitfully brilliant and ultimately unfulfilling, but the cult lives, fueled by nostalgia for the extraordinary pop phenomenon it inspired, for its significance to the medium (behold the big bang of auteur TV!
Renowned physicist Stephen Hawking estimates that "if the rate of the universe's expansion one second after the Big Bang had been smaller by even one part in a hundred thousand million million, the universe would have re-collapsed into a hot fireball due to gravitational attraction".
 Cosmology: Big Bang Theory — Cosmic inflation — Loop quantum gravity — Superstring theory — Supergravity — Supersymmetric theory — Multiverse theory — Holographic principle — Quantum gravity — M-theory
Bang & Olufsen invented and patented the so-called Dolby HX PRO (Headroom eXtension) principle for combining bias control with the Dolby system for better high-frequency response in cassette recorders.
2000–2011: A Bigger Bang and continued success
The subsequent A Bigger Bang Tour began in August 2005, and included North America, South America and East Asia.
By the end of 2005, the Bigger Bang tour set a record of $162 million in gross receipts, breaking the North American mark set by the band in 1994.
By November 2006, the Bigger Bang tour had been declared the highest-grossing tour of all time.
12 June 2007 saw the release of the band's second four-disc DVD set: The Biggest Bang, a seven-hour film featuring their shows in Austin, Rio de Janeiro, Saitama, Shanghai and Buenos Aires, along with extras.
The Rolling Stones have sold over 240 million albums worldwide and have held over 48 tours of varying length, including three of the highest-grossing tours of all time: Bridges to Babylon Tour, Voodoo Lounge Tour, and A Bigger Bang Tour.
This was particularly the case when they performed a free concert for an estimated 1.5 million people in Rio de Janeiro on the A Bigger Bang tour in 2006.
 A Bigger Bang (2005)
"The Big Bang that Triggered A Tragedy," The Sydney Morning Herald, p 11—quoting Dr Mark Leonard, seismologist at Geoscience Australia.
This energy is apparently residual energy that is left over from the Big Bang itself.
As you'll see below, there are some notable references to the Flash that appear in The Big Bang Theory and The Simpsons.
Numerous references to the Flash are presented on the television show The Big Bang Theory.
Following a period of widespread economic slowdown and industrial strife in the 1970s, the Conservative government of the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher initiated a radical policy of monetarism, deregulation, particularly of the financial sector (for example, the Big Bang in 1986) and labour markets, the sale of state-owned companies (privatisation), and the withdrawal of subsidies to others.
According to the Big Bang theory, the energy and matter initially present have become less dense as the universe expanded.
There are many competing hypotheses about the ultimate fate of the universe and about what, if anything, preceded the Big Bang, while other physicists and philosophers refuse to speculate, doubting that information about prior states will ever be accessible.
The Big Bang model states that the earliest state of the universe was an extremely hot and dense one, and that the universe subsequently expanded and cooled.
The Big Bang model accounts for observations such as the correlation of distance and redshift of galaxies, the ratio of the number of hydrogen to helium atoms, and the microwave radiation background.
This imbalance between matter and antimatter is partially responsible for the existence of all matter existing today, since matter and antimatter, if equally produced at the Big Bang, would have completely annihilated each other and left only photons as a result of their interaction.
Since the Big Bang, the universe has expanded monotonically.
Soon after the Big Bang, primordial protons and neutrons formed from the quark–gluon plasma of the early universe as it cooled below two trillion degrees.
A few minutes later, in a process known as Big Bang nucleosynthesis, nuclei formed from the primordial protons and neutrons.
From approximately 10−6 seconds after the Big Bang, during a period is known as the hadron epoch, the temperature of the universe had fallen sufficiently to allow quarks to bind together into hadrons, and the mass of the universe was dominated by hadrons.
It started roughly 1 second after the Big Bang, after the majority of hadrons and anti-hadrons annihilated each other at the end of the hadron epoch.
Approximately 10 seconds after the Big Bang, the temperature of the universe had fallen to the point where lepton/anti-lepton pairs were no longer created.
The photon epoch started after most leptons and anti-leptons were annihilated at the end of the lepton epoch, about 10 seconds after the Big Bang.
Hence, according to Einstein's field equations, R grew rapidly from an unimaginably hot, dense state that existed immediately following this singularity (when R had a small, finite value); this is the essence of the Big Bang model of the universe.
Understanding the singularity of the Big Bang likely requires a quantum theory of gravity, which has not yet been formulated.
It may seem counter-intuitive that an infinite and yet infinitely dense universe could be created in a single instant at the Big Bang when R=0, but exactly that is predicted mathematically when k does not equal 1.
If the Big Bang that created our multiverse created an ensemble of multiverses, the wave function of the ensemble would be entangled in this sense.
There are however many differing beliefs in how these stories apply amongst those believing in a supernatural origin, ranging from a god directly creating the universe as it is now to a god just setting the "wheels in motion" (for example via mechanisms such as the big bang and evolution).
It was also used between Penny and Amy in  season 10 episode 7 of The Big Bang Theory as a means of having a secret conversation, to counter Sheldon and Leonard's Klingon.
The elder Quisling had lectured in Grimstad in the 1870s; one of his pupils was Bang, whom he married on 28 May 1886, following a long engagement.
In 1908 Bang and Ellerman showed that a filterable virus could transmit chicken leukemia, data largely ignored till the 1930s when leukemia became regarded as cancerous.
It has also been proposed that, if a tiny wormhole held open by a negative mass cosmic string had appeared around the time of the Big Bang, it could have been inflated to macroscopic size by cosmic inflation.
 2004 – The Best: Make the Music Go Bang!
In the Netherlands, the regular Sinclair ZX81 was for sale as well as a Bang & Olufsen branded version called Beocomp.
The phrase Big Bang, used in reference to the sudden deregulation of financial markets, was coined to describe measures, including abolition of fixed commission charges and of the distinction between stockjobbers and stockbrokers on the London Stock Exchange and change from open-outcry to electronic, screen-based trading, effected by Margaret Thatcher in 1986.
 A much better understanding of the evolution of the universe was achieved, its age (about 13.8 billion years) was determined, and the Big Bang theory on its origin was proposed and generally accepted.
English astronomer Fred Hoyle coins the term Big Bang during a BBC Third Programme radio broadcast.
 Herman Bang, Danish writer (b.
 Bang Yong-guk, South Korean rapper
 March 29 – Fredo Bang, American rapper
 Nina Bang, Danish politician (d. 1928)
 June 15 – Marcus Fredrik Bang, Norwegian bishop (b.
 Peter Georg Bang, Danish politician, jurist (d. 1861)
However, a brief interregnum and civil war existed between the Qin and Han periods known as the Chu-Han contention, lasting until 202 BC with the ultimate victory of Liu Bang over Xiang Yu.
202 BC: In East Asia, the Chu-Han contention comes to a close, Xiang Yu commits suicide, and the Han Dynasty of China is founded (202 BC–220 AD) by Liu Bang.
 Liu Bang and Han Xin defeat the remaining loyalists of Xiang Yu.
28 February: Liu Bang declares himself Supreme Emperor of China, officially beginning the Han dynasty.
Liu Bang appoints Han Xin the king of Chu, but he deposes him later in the year after accusing him of disloyalty.
Liu Bang gives the area of today's Fujian province to Wuzhu as his kingdom.
 November 1 – Marcus Fredrik Bang, Norwegian bishop (d. 1789)
The comedy sitcom The Big Bang Theory ran for the entirety of the decade, and was the number-one television sitcom for all of its airing prior to its finale in 2019.
In the 2010 season 3 episode 15 of the TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory, "The Large Hadron Collision", Leonard and Raj travel to CERN to attend a conference and see the LHC.
 Big Bang Day: The Making of CERN, September 2008, A BBC Radio program
The network also featured several prominent sitcoms like Still Standing, Two and a Half Men, How I Met Your Mother, The New Adventures of Old Christine, Rules of Engagement, and The Big Bang Theory, as well as the reality show The Amazing Race.
The Big Bang Theory, one of several sitcoms from veteran writer/producer Chuck Lorre, started off with modest ratings, but saw its viewership skyrocket, earning ratings of up to 17 million viewers per episode.
It also opens the way for practical observation and understanding of the nature of gravity and events in the Universe including the Big Bang.
The dominant theory in scientific cosmogony is the Big Bang theory, according to which both space, time and matter have their origin in one initial singularity occurring about 13.8 billion years ago.
It starts with the Big Bang and traces the formation of galaxies, the solar system, the earth, its geological eras, the evolution of life and humans until the present day.
In modern astronomy, the Big Bang theory is the dominant postulation.
The resulting acetylene gas is ignited with a stick, producing a loud bang.
When decoupling occurred, approximately 380,000 years after the Big Bang, photons separated from matter and were able to stream freely through the universe, creating the cosmic microwave background as we know it.
This will eventually lead to all evidence for the Big Bang disappearing, as the cosmic microwave background is redshifted to lower intensities and longer wavelengths.
Those working with this postulate believe that quintessence became repulsive about ten billion years ago, about 3.5 billion years after the Big Bang.
The hydrogen, helium, and some of the lithium were formed in about 20 minutes after the Big Bang, while the rest were created in the interiors of stars.
In this case, Ghiyasuddin Iwaj Khilji prevailed and extended the Sultan's domain south to Jessore and made the eastern Bang province a tributary.
The survey "aims to explore galactic evolution in the early Universe, and the very first seeds of cosmic structure at less than one billion years after the Big Bang."
CMBR is thought to be a relic of the Big Bang, and pervades the space almost homogeneously over the entire celestial sphere.
After further investigation, Penzias contacted Robert Dicke, who suggested it could be the background radiation predicted by cosmological theories, a radio remnant of the Big Bang.
The device measures the tiny heating of the early universe by the first generation of stars and galaxies to form after the Big Bang.
Source and victim are usually electronic hardware devices, though the source may be a natural phenomenon such as a lightning strike, electrostatic discharge (ESD) or, in one famous case, the Big Bang at the origin of the Universe.
Most stable isotopes on Earth are believed to have been formed in processes of nucleosynthesis, either in the Big Bang, or in generations of stars that preceded the formation of the solar system.
He is co-author, with Sir Patrick Moore and Chris Lintott, of Bang!
Janez Strnad, Prapok Prasnov požene v dir (Primordial Bang drives Primordial Substance into a Gallop), (DZS, Ljubljana 1988, pp 81).
Guaraldi biographer and historian Derrick Bang put the musician's later years in perspective, saying, "As jazz clubs were closing in the 1960s, with the advent of rock 'n' roll—a development that put many jazz musicians out of work—Guaraldi embraced the enemy, adjusting his style and approach to include electric keyboards.
Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, by author and Guaraldi archivist Derrick Bang, chronicles Guaraldi's career and role in the Northern California jazz scene, and also includes a complete discography and filmography, as well as an appendix of quotations from Guaraldi's former sidemen.
 Vince Guaraldi at the Piano by Derrick Bang () The definitive musical biography of Vince Guaraldi, published March 2012.
March 2015 radio interview (KDRT program "Davisville") with David Willat, who as a child sang on A Charlie Brown Christmas and At Grace Cathedral + Guaraldi author Derrick Bang
Recent performances include Bang on a Can All-Stars (a side project of drummer Glenn Kotche from the rock band Wilco), jazz performer Esperanza Spalding, and New York's Cedar Lake Dance Company.
The prevalent cosmological model of the early development of the universe is the Big Bang theory.
When the singularity of the universe started to expand, the Big Bang occurred, which evidently began the universe.
The proposed theoretical scenarios include string theory, M-theory, the Hartle—Hawking initial state, string landscape, cosmic inflation, the Big Bang, and the ekpyrotic universe.
This idea of an expanding spacetime would eventually lead to the Big Bang and Steady State theories of cosmology.
In a universe with a deceleration parameter equal to zero, it follows that H = 1/t, where t is the time since the Big Bang.
On Episode 245 of the Comedy Bang!
The Han dynasty () was the second imperial dynasty of China (202 BC – 220 AD), established by Liu Bang and ruled by the House of Liu.
According to the Records of the Grand Historian, after the collapse of the Qin dynasty the hegemon Xiang Yu appointed Liu Bang as prince of the small fief of Hanzhong, named after its location on the Han River (in modern southwest Shaanxi).
Although Xiang Yu proved to be an effective commander, Liu Bang defeated him at the Battle of Gaixia (202 BC), in modern-day Anhui.
Popular revolt broke out and the weakened empire soon fell to a Chu general, Xiang Yu, who was proclaimed Hegemon-King of Western Chu and Liu Bang, who founded the Han dynasty.
When Chu rebels under the lieutenant Liu Bang attacked, a state in such turmoil could not hold for long.
Liu Bang then betrayed and defeated Xiang Yu, declaring himself Emperor Gaozu of the new Han dynasty on 28 February 202 BC.
The photon epoch is a phase when the energy of the universe was dominated by photons, between 10 seconds and 380,000 years after the Big Bang.
In February 2018, astronomers reported, for the first time, a signal of the reionization epoch, an indirect detection of light from the earliest stars formed - about 180 million years after the Big Bang.
In physical cosmology, Big Bang nucleosynthesis (abbreviated BBN, also known as primordial nucleosynthesis) is the production of nuclei other than those of the lightest isotope of hydrogen (hydrogen-1, 1H, having a single proton as a nucleus) during the early phases of the Universe.
The key parameter which allows one to calculate the effects of Big Bang Nucleosynthesis is the baryon/photon number ratio, which is a small number of order 6 × 10−10.
That the observed abundances in the universe are generally consistent with these abundance numbers is considered strong evidence for the Big Bang theory.
essentially within the first 1-second after the Big Bang.
However, very shortly thereafter, around twenty minutes after the Big Bang, the temperature and density became too low for any significant fusion to occur.
The history of Big Bang nucleosynthesis began with the calculations of Ralph Alpher in the 1940s.
However, this process is very slow and requires much higher densities, taking tens of thousands of years to convert a significant amount of helium to carbon in stars, and therefore it made a negligible contribution in the minutes following the Big Bang.
The predicted abundance of CNO isotopes produced in Big Bang nucleosynthesis is expected to be on the order of 10−15 that of H, making them essentially undetectable and negligible.
So far, the only stable nuclides known experimentally to have been made before or during Big Bang nucleosynthesis are protium, deuterium, helium-3, helium-4, and lithium-7.
Big Bang nucleosynthesis predicts a primordial abundance of about 25% helium-4 by mass, irrespective of the initial conditions of the universe.
There are no known post-Big Bang processes which can produce significant amounts of deuterium.
Hence observations about deuterium abundance suggest that the universe is not infinitely old, which is in accordance with the Big Bang theory.
The problem was that while the concentration of deuterium in the universe is consistent with the Big Bang model as a whole, it is too high to be consistent with a model that presumes that most of the universe is composed of protons and neutrons.
Lithium-7 and lithium-6 produced in the Big Bang are on the order of: lithium-7 to be 10−9 of all primordial nuclides; and lithium-6 around 10−13.
Steigman, Gary, Primordial Nucleosynthesis: Successes And Challenges ; Forensic Cosmology: Probing Baryons and Neutrinos With BBN and the CBR ; and Big Bang Nucleosynthesis: Probing the First 20 Minutes 
By 2017, ECT was routinely covered by insurance companies for providing the "biggest bang for the buck" for otherwise intractable cases of severe mental illness, was receiving favorable media coverage, and was being provided in regional medical centers.
The Big Bang theory is based upon the cosmological principle, which states that on large scales the Universe is homogeneous and isotropic.
The sound of the clashing wooden prop swords was not loud and realistic enough, so Maurice had a stage hand bang pieces of metal together in sync with the sword fight.
Major events and programs in the Greek Community include Songfest, All Greek Conference, Greek Week, BANG (Being a New Greek), and risk management programs (topics vary).
It was followed in 2001 by Interior Music, created for use by the audio-visual company Bang & Olufsen, and which did not receive a commercial release.
Tae Hanazono, in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!
Before he joined Deep Purple, Bolin's best-known recordings had been made as a session musician on Billy Cobham's 1973 jazz fusion album Spectrum, and as lead guitarist on two post-Joe Walsh James Gang albums: Bang (1973) and Miami (1974).
She produced visualizations for the Hayden's "Big Bang Theatre" and worked with the Denver Museum of Nature and Science to produce high-resolution data-driven visualizations of terabytes of scientific data for "Black Holes: The Other Side of Infinity", a digital dome program on black holes.
In the  Season Eight episode of The Big Bang Theory, "The Skywalker Intrusion", Sheldon Cooper analyzes the song Play That Funky Music, concluding that the lyrics present a musical example of Russell's Paradox.
In the television show The Big Bang Theory, one of the show's main characters, Penny, is from Omaha.
He re-used several elements of his 1870 one-act piece, Our Island Home, which had introduced a pirate "chief", Captain Bang.
Bang was mistakenly apprenticed to a pirate band as a child by his deaf nursemaid.
Also, Bang, like Frederic in The Pirates of Penzance, had never seen a woman before and felt a keen sense of duty, as an apprenticed pirate, until the passage of his twenty-first birthday freed him from his articles of indenture.
The results are expected to have important implications for particle physics and cosmology, due to a theoretical Greisen–Zatsepin–Kuzmin limit to the energies of cosmic rays from long distances (about 160 million light years) which occurs above 1020 eV because of interactions with the remnant photons from the Big Bang origin of the universe.
Bang tailing is the act of cutting the long hairs at the tip of the tail short to act as a simple identifier of animals and is commonly used after a procedure has been performed on an individual animal that belongs to a large mob e.g.
 Barry Kripke (a character on The Big Bang Theory who is believed to be named after Saul)
Rayong dialect, spoken in Rayong Province, Bang Lamung (outside Pattaya City), Sattahip and part of Si Racha District
They are the most energetic and luminous electromagnetic events since the Big Bang.
Some boron may have been formed at this time, but the process stopped before significant carbon could be formed, as this element requires a far higher product of helium density and time than were present in the short nucleosynthesis period of the Big Bang.
This first process, Big Bang nucleosynthesis, was the first type of nucleogenesis to occur in the universe, creating the so-called primordial elements.
Interstellar gas therefore contains declining abundances of these light elements, which are present only by virtue of their nucleosynthesis during the Big Bang, and also cosmic ray spallation.
Carbon was not made in the Big Bang, but was produced later in larger stars via the triple-alpha process.
The primordial nuclides were created by Big Bang nucleosynthesis, stellar nucleosynthesis, supernova nucleosynthesis, and by nucleosynthesis in exotic events such as neutron star collisions.
The heavier elements produced after the Big Bang range in atomic numbers from Z = 6 (carbon) to Z = 94 (plutonium).
The Big Bang itself had been proposed in 1931, long before this period, by Georges Lemaître, a Belgian physicist, who suggested that the evident expansion of the Universe in time required that the Universe, if contracted backwards in time, would continue to do so until it could contract no further.
Although 4He continues to be produced by stellar fusion and alpha decays and trace amounts of 1H continue to be produced by spallation and certain types of radioactive decay, most of the mass of the isotopes in the universe are thought to have been produced in the Big Bang.
Most notably spallation is believed to be responsible for the generation of almost all of 3He and the elements lithium, beryllium, and boron, although some  and  are thought to have been produced in the Big Bang.
Although the origins and history of Phoenix of the Earth-X limited series match her Earth-616 counterpart, the Phoenix Force is originally a citizen of the first universe that existed before the Big Bang that created the current universe in which Earth-9997 resides.
He asked writers to send him scripts, which he received from Herman Bang, Gustav Wied and Nathalia Larsen.
It is often used to try to make models amenable to extension beyond curvature singularities, for example to permit description of the universe even before the Big Bang.
Some widely accepted and studied theories and models in astronomy, now included in the Lambda-CDM model are the Big Bang, dark matter and fundamental theories of physics.
Fundamental to modern cosmology is the well-accepted theory of the Big Bang, wherein our Universe began at a single point in time, and thereafter expanded over the course of 13.8 billion years to its present condition.
The concept of the Big Bang can be traced back to the discovery of the microwave background radiation in 1965.
Why is the abundance of lithium in the cosmos four times lower than predicted by the standard Big Bang model?
Old villas are sometimes being converted into boutique hotels, such as the Knai Bang Chatt.
As he recalled in The Pythons Autobiography by The Pythons, he was "born right bang slap in the middle of World War Two," while his father served with the Royal Air Force in Scotland.
A farmer says, "I got soaked for nothing, stood out there in the rain bang in the middle of my land, a complete waste of time.
The 2017 crime drama television series Bang is set in Port Talbot.
This largely unexplored period, 300-600 million years after the Big Bang is when the first stars, black holes, and galaxies are believed to have formed.
Fermilab is mentioned in several episodes of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
The Big Bang Theory, which made frequent references to Spock, and to which Nimoy lent his voice in one episode, paid tribute to him after his death.
Sheldon Cooper, one of the main characters from the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, grew up in Galveston.
Also, it probably won't go bang for a long, long time."
A 2013 episode of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory ("The Raiders Minimization") argues that Jones accomplishes nothing in Raiders, as the Nazis would have eventually found the Ark, opened it, and died regardless of Jones' actions.
Nowadays, lay people make the bang fai more like fireworks and hold competitions for the highest, fastest and most colorful rockets.
The initial state of the universe, at the beginning of the Big Bang, is also predicted by modern theories to have been a singularity.
In this case, the universe did not collapse into a black hole, because currently-known calculations and density limits for gravitational collapse are usually based upon objects of relatively constant size, such as stars, and do not necessarily apply in the same way to rapidly expanding space such as the Big Bang.
Neither general relativity nor quantum mechanics can currently describe the earliest moments of the Big Bang, but in general, quantum mechanics does not permit particles to inhabit a space smaller than their wavelengths.
For example the founding emperor of the Han Dynasty (one of China's golden ages), Liu Bang (Emperor Gaozu of Han) was a descendant of Emperor Yao.
Liu Lei was the first person surnamed Liu in Chinese history, and his descendant Liu Bang founded the Han Dynasty.
After the Chen Sheng Wu Guang uprising overthrew the Qin, the Han dynasty was founded by Emperor Liu Bang.
When termites detect a potential breach, the soldiers usually bang their heads, apparently to attract other soldiers for defence and to recruit additional workers to repair any breach.
This is accompanied by a loud bang as the energy in the magnetic field is converted to heat, and the cryogenic fluid boils away.
 Ralph Alpher (1921–2007), cosmologist, won National Medal of Science for seminal work on Big Bang Theory
The theory behind the illusion was demonstrated during an episode of the BBC's show Bang Goes the Theory, where the effect was described as "a musical barber's pole".
 BBC science show, Bang Goes the Theory, explains the Shepard Tone
The Big Bang model predicts that the first generation of stars should have only hydrogen, helium, and trace amounts of lithium, and hence would be of low metallicity.
In contrast with the low-rise historic areas, the business district on Si Lom and Sathon Roads in Bang Rak and Sathon Districts teems with skyscrapers.
Bang Kachao, a  conservation area on an oxbow of the Chao Phraya, lies just across the southern riverbank districts, in Samut Prakan province.
In 2007, the band grossed US$437 million on their A Bigger Bang Tour, which earned them an entry in the 2007 edition of Guinness World Records for the most lucrative music tour.
Although the Rolling Stones were on the A Bigger Bang tour, Jagger flew to Britain to see his father before returning the same day to Las Vegas, where he was to perform that night, after being informed his father's condition was improving.
 Battle of Bang Bo – 1885
Finally it was put into battle with a bang ... you thus have the picture of British troops fighting on both sides of the Americans who have suffered a hard blow."
Formed just 700 million years after the Big Bang, expansion of the universe has carried it to its current location, about 13 billion light years away from Earth (30 billion light years comoving distance).
Robert Dicke, James Peebles, Peter Roll and David Todd Wilkinson interpret it as a relic from the big bang.
1980 – Alan Guth and Alexei Starobinsky independently propose the inflationary Big Bang universe as a possible solution to the horizon and flatness problems.
In February 2019, he made his second appearance on The Big Bang Theory in season 12 episode 16, "The D&D Vortex", alongside other guests stars, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, William Shatner, and Joe Manganiello in a storyline where they get together at the home of recurring star Wil Wheaton, to play Dungeons and Dragons.
The singer opened for The Rolling Stones for a few dates of their A Bigger Bang Tour in the autumn of 2005.
 A Bigger Bang Tour (2005) (opening act for The Rolling Stones)
 Han Xin completes the conquest of Qi, and Liu Bang appoints him as its king.
Liu Bang, as the newly appointed king of Hanzhong, and his new General-in-Chief Han Xin, invade Guanzhong, defeat the king of Yong, Zhang Han, and conquer the region, thus beginning hostilities with Xiang Yu.
Liu Bang makes Yueyang his capital and begins to expand his realm into the Central Plain.
 Xiang Yu defeats Liu Bang in the Battle of Pengcheng.
Ying Bu, the king of Jiujiang, allies with Liu Bang.
 Liu Ruyi, Chinese prince and only son of the first Han emperor Liu Bang (d. 194 BC)
In 2006, Illinois pinball company PinBall Manufacturing Inc. produced 178 reproductions of Capcom's Big Bang Bar for the European and US markets.
When a free game is won, Williams and Bally/Midway machines typically makes a single loud bang, most often with a solenoid that strikes a piece of metal, or the side of the cabinet, with a rod, known as a knocker, or less commonly with loudspeakers.
 Zhang Liang, Chinese rebel and taoist, who has helped Liu Bang establish the Han Dynasty (b.
With Ellefson on bass, the band also consisted of drummer Mike Heller (Fear Factory, Malignancy), guitarist Drew Fortier (ex Bang Tango, Chuck Mosley), and vocalist Vinnie Dombroski (Sponge, Spys4Darwin).
 Howard Wolowitz, a fictional character on the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by actor Simon Helberg.
The start was marred when Twice a Prince reared in his stall, hitting Our Native, positioned next to him, and causing Sham to bang his head against the gate, loosening two teeth.
 Xiang Yu, Chinese rebel general against the Qin Dynasty, as well as the later nemesis of Liu Bang in the civil war of the Chu-Han contention (d. 202 BC)
The tour was the third-highest-grossing tour of 2006 taking in just over $131 million, just behind The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang World Tour and Madonna's Confessions Tour.
Traditionally, guano was the source used in Laos for the manufacture of gunpowder for Bang Fai rockets.
is a punctuation mark, called an exclamation mark (33 in ASCII), exclamation point, ecphoneme, or bang.
Other technology companies with a presence in the town include Huawei Technologies, Agilent Technologies, Audio & Design (Recording) Ltd, Bang & Olufsen, Cisco, Comptel, Ericsson, Harris Corporation, Intel, Nvidia, Rockwell Collins, Sage, SGI, Symantec, Symbol Technologies, Verizon Business, Virgin Media, Websense, Xansa (now Sopra Steria), and Xerox.
A third company, Bang & Olufsen of Denmark, created the Dolby HX "head room extension" system for reliably reducing tape saturation effects at high frequencies while maintaining higher bias levels.
Not with a Bang – Post-apocalyptic sitcom about the last people on Earth.
The Big Bang Theory
In retaliation, Cambodia's ally China responded by invading the Cao Bang province of Vietnam in January 1979 and once again Giáp was in overall responsibility for the response, which drove the Chinese out after a few months.
Chinese convention: use "Han" + posthumous name (apart from Liu Bang, who is known as "Han Gaozu")
He would dip the shoulder, step over, and bang!."
The founder of the Han dynasty Liu Bang claimed that he was conceived after his mother dreamt of a dragon.
Sun Wukong's staff, the Ruyi Jingu Bang, was robbed from Ao Guang, the Dragon King of the East Sea.
The network's programming consists mainly of hit American series (such as The Amazing Race, The Big Bang Theory, Blue Bloods, Castle, CSI, The Good Doctor,  Grey's Anatomy, The Mentalist, The Michael J.
Despite the departure of Michael Nylander, the 2007 free agency season started with a bang for the Rangers, with the signing of two high-profile centerman; Scott Gomez on a seven-year contract, as well as Chris Drury on a five-year deal.
Fans' dislike for Wesley Crusher has become something of a pop-culture meme, reflected in other TV shows such as The Big Bang Theory, Steins;Gate, and in a 2009 Family Guy episode, "Not All Dogs Go to Heaven", which included the main The Next Generation cast and featured Wil Wheaton in character as Wesley being bullied by Patrick Stewart.
A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is a book on theoretical cosmology by English physicist Stephen Hawking.
He writes about cosmological phenomena such as the Big Bang and black holes.
In A Brief History of Time, Stephen Hawking attempts to explain a range of subjects in cosmology, including the Big Bang, black holes and light cones, to the non-specialist reader.
The first model included the beginning of the Universe as a Big Bang from a space of infinite density and zero volume known as 'singularity', a point where the general theory of relativity (Friedmann's solutions are based in it) also breaks down.
But the fact that radio wave sources near us are far fewer than from the distant Universe, and there were numerous more radio sources than at present, resulted in the failure of this theory and universal acceptance of the Big Bang Theory.
Evgeny Lifshitz and Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov also tried to find an alternative to the Big Bang theory but also failed.
At the start of the Big Bang, the Universe had an extremely high temperature, which prevented the formation of complex structures like stars, or even very simple ones like atoms.
During the Big Bang, a phenomenon called "inflation" took place, in which the Universe briefly expanded ("inflated") to a much larger size.
Bang julo is the Mandinka word for rope fibre.
He was an early advocate and developer of Lemaître's Big Bang theory.
He discovered a theoretical explanation of alpha decay by quantum tunneling, invented the liquid drop model and the first mathematical model of the atomic nucleus, and worked on radioactive decay, star formation, stellar nucleosynthesis and Big Bang nucleosynthesis (which he collectively called nucleocosmogenesis), and molecular genetics.
He further described the director's work: "It isn't often that this corner has good reason to bang a gong and holler 'Hurry, hurry, hurry!'
Flatland features in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Psychic Vortex", when Sheldon Cooper declares it one of his favourite imaginary places to visit.
The Big Bang (2010) - Mike Hammer
In 1988, von Sydow made his only directorial foray with Katinka, a film based on the Herman Bang novel, Ved Vejen.
 K. Andersen and T. Bang, Matematik, in: Kobenhavns Universitet 1479–1979, Vol.
Other Danish writers of importance are Herman Bang, Gustav Wied, William Heinesen, Martin Andersen Nexø, Piet Hein, Hans Scherfig, Klaus Rifbjerg, Dan Turèll, Tove Ditlevsen, Inger Christensen and Peter Høeg.
Movement Within from Renegade Heaven by Bang on a Can (Cantaloupe, 2000)
He met another schoolfriend who shared his outlook, Jim Beattie, and they recorded "elemental noise tapes", in which Gillespie would bang two dustbin lids together and Beattie played fuzz-guitar.
TNT also has a comedy channel which shows 2 Broke Girls, Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory.
TNT España is divided in two blocks: one exclusively carrying movies and another exclusively carrying television series (such as The Vampire Diaries, The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Falling Skies and Sherlock).
Warner Bros bought out Morrison's Bang contract with a $20,000 cash transaction that took place in an abandoned warehouse on Ninth Avenue in Manhattan.
The throwaway compositions came to be known as the "revenge" songs, and did not see official release until the 2017 compilation The Authorized Bang Collection.
Three years later, he moved to New York after signing with Bang Records.
Cocytus also appears in Friedrich Schiller's poem "Gruppe aus dem Tartarus": ...Hohl sind ihre Augen—ihre Blicke/ Spähen bang nach des Cocytus Brücke...
Two years later, Liu Bang built Weiyang Palace (, "Never Ending Palace") north of modern Xi'an.
At the beginning of Han dynasty, Prime Minister Zhang Liang advised the emperor Liu Bang to choose Guanzhong as the capital of the Han dynasty: "Guanzhong Plain, which is located behind Xiao Pass and Hangu Pass, connects Long (Gansu) and Shu (Sichuan).
In 2020, Washington Monthly ranked CSUN 6th for "Best Bang for the Buck" out of 215 schools in the U.S. western region.
 Herman Bang, Fædra (1883), Danish novel.
Susi Susanti won the gold in badminton women's singles after defeating Bang Soo-hyun in the final round.
In 2010, she played Mrs. Docherty in  period fantasy comedy film Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang opposite Emma Thompson.
The discovery of the cosmic microwave background radiation, regarded as evidence for the Big Bang theory, was made through radio astronomy.
The year 1993 began with a bang.
Cosmic inflation is a faster-than-light expansion of space just after the Big Bang.
In 2015, he guest starred on an IFC episode of the satirical talk-show Comedy Bang!
Bang!, titled "Eddie George Wears a Navy Suit and Half-Zip Pullover."
Molly Bang (born 1943), children's book illustrator.
The film was commercially successful and started a trend of "record-breaking" gang bang pornography.
Quek took part in this gang bang on January 19, 1995, when she was 22 years old.
For example, her conception of a gang bang was based on the example of Messalina, a wife of the emperor Claudius.
In her March 2000 appearance on the radio program Loveline, Quek admitted that there were slightly fewer than 70 men in her gang bang and that there were water and lunch breaks during the ten-hour shoot.
In the film, Quek stated that she intended the World's Biggest Gang Bang to challenge "the notion of women as passive sex objects," and added, "We're not wilting violets, we're not victims, for Christ's sake.
In 2000 she directed and performed in the gang bang film Pornomancer, her take on William Gibson's novel Neuromancer.
Battle of Bang Bo 23–24 March – Chinese victory over French forces in Tonkin.
Most helium was formed during the Big Bang, but new helium is created through nuclear fusion of hydrogen in stars.
Small amounts of beryllium were synthesised during the Big Bang, although most of it decayed or reacted further within stars to create larger nuclei, like carbon, nitrogen or oxygen.
In the 2010s the band became well-known for creating the theme song for the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
That same year the band wrote and recorded the theme song for the television series The Big Bang Theory.
In September 2015, TMZ uncovered court documents showing that Page sued Robertson over the "Big Bang Theory Theme" song, alleging that he was promised 20% of the proceeds but Robertson kept the money.
He appeared regularly as a fictionalized version of himself on the sitcom The Big Bang Theory and in the roles of Fawkes on The Guild, Colin Mason on Leverage, and Dr. Isaac Parrish on Eureka.
He appeared as a fictionalized version of himself in 17 episodes of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, starting in season 3, episode 5: "The Creepy Candy Coating Corollary" (2009).
Bang & Olufsen continued work in the same direction, which resulted in a 1981 patent (EP 0046410) by Jørgen Selmer Jensen.
By the middle of the 1980s the Bang & Olufsen system, marketed through Dolby Laboratories, became an industry standard under the name of Dolby HX Pro.
The questions of how matter is different from antimatter, and the relevance of antimatter in explaining how our universe survived the Big Bang, remain open problems—open, in part, due to the relative scarcity of antimatter in today's universe.
Spoof talk shows, such as Space Ghost Coast to Coast, Tim and Eric Nite Live, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, and The Eric Andre Show, that feature interviews that are mostly scripted, shown in a humorous and satirical way, or engages in subverting the norms of the format (particularly that of late-night talk shows).
In the aftermath of the Qin dynasty's fall, civil war broke out between two warlords, Xiang Yu and Liu Bang.
The beta ended with a bang, as players were treated to an "end of the world" scenario with Shadowlords, demons, and other evil creatures slaughtering every character in sight.
In Taiwan, there are the pop icon Jay Chou, music groups F4 and Lollipop F. In South Korea, notable K-pop personalities include singers BoA and Rain and groups BTS, Exo, TVXQ, 2PM, 2AM, Beast, Shinee, Super Junior, 2NE1, Big Bang, Wonder Girls, T-ara, Kara, Blackpink and Girls' Generation.
The aesthetic was inspired by the 1958 Braun T3 transistor radio designed by Dieter Rams, while the wheel-based user interface was prompted by Bang & Olufsen's BeoCom 6000 telephone.
Pasadena is the setting of many TV shows including Family (1976 TV series), Brothers & Sisters, Disney Channel's Dog with a Blog and The Big Bang Theory.
Vietnam Railways was considering the use of Shinkansen technology for high-speed rail between the capital Hanoi and the southern commercial hub of Ho Chi Minh City, according to the Nihon Keizai Shimbun, citing an interview with Chief Executive Officer Nguyen Huu Bang.
Earlier views of decay relied on fleeting references in the ancient sources and excavators ignoring evidence from the period that the town continued to thrive despite pockets of decay into the 6th century, "..life in Ostia ended not with a Vesuvian bang but with a whimper" after a slow decline from the 6th to the 9th centuries.
The triple-alpha process is ineffective at the pressures and temperatures early in the Big Bang.
A fictionalized version of a younger, pre-fame DeLillo during his career as an advertising copywriter in New York, appears briefly as a minor character in David Bowman's posthumous third novel Big Bang (2019)
In the series The Big Bang Theory and Joey, he appeared as himself.
In October 2011, he appeared as himself in the episode "The Russian Rocket Reaction" of The Big Bang Theory.
The Beat London (formerly known as BANG Radio) is a licensed radio station that broadcasts urban music and cultural programmes from Harlesden High Street.
Gas trap: Gewehr 41, Bang M1922 rifle
Four centuries before Isaac Newton proposed gravity and seven centuries before the Big Bang theory, Grosseteste described the birth of the Universe in an explosion and the crystallisation of matter to form stars and planets in a set of nested spheres around Earth.
Some of the cultural references are anachronistic: "Trouble" contains references to both Captain Billy's Whiz Bang, a monthly humor magazine that did not begin publication until October 1919, and the nonalcoholic "near-beer" Bevo, which was first brewed in 1916.
However, the comoving coordinates (if well-defined) provide a strict sense to those by using the time since the Big Bang (measured in the reference of CMB) as a distinguished universal time.
For any given moment  of coordinate time within the Milne model (assuming the Big Bang has ), any cross-section of the universe at constant  in the Minkowski spacetime is bounded by a sphere of radius {{math|c t  c t'''}}.
—A string-theory-related model depicting a five-dimensional, membrane-shaped universe; an alternative to the Hot Big Bang Model, whereby the universe is described to have originated when two membranes collided at the fifth dimension
Georges Lemaître of the Université catholique de Louvain is credited with proposing the Big Bang theory of the origin of the universe in 1927.
Later voice roles included The Big Bang, A Bug's Life, Tattooed Teenage Alien Fighters from Beverly Hills, Oswald, Titan A.E., Tom and Jerry: The Movie and the animated TV series Galaxy High as the six-armed Milo de Venus.
George Gamow, discovered alpha decay via quantum tunneling and Gamow factor in stellar nucleosynthesis,  introduced the Big Bang nucleosynthesis theory, predicted cosmic microwave background
In an interview in 2010, Lawson said that an unintended consequence of the Big Bang and the associated end of the separation that had existed between merchant and retail banking was the financial crisis of 2007–2008.
Lawson said that an unintended consequence of the 1986 Big Bang saw investment banks merge with high street banks and put their depositors' savings at risk.
 Comedy Touch Touch 1000 in the TV series Comedy Bang!
Scott Thunes (born 1960) bass guitarist with Frank Zappa, Wayne Kramer, Steve Vai, Andy Prieboy, Mike Keneally, Fear, The Waterboys, Big Bang Beat, and others.
 Bang snaps, small novelty fireworks that produce a loud snapping sound when thrown on the ground
Und seufzte lang und bang.
In The Big Bang Theory season 4, episode 10 "The Alien Parasite Hypothesis" (2010), Sheldon and his girlfriend Amy do a take-off on the "Who's On First" routine, when Amy uses the word 'hoo' (a noise she made when she got aroused) and Sheldon mistakes it for 'who'.
He stated: "Please do not expect a big bang event in 2015 where everything is going to happen overnight when the ASEAN Economic Community comes into being.
In "The Locomotion Interruption," the season 8 premiere of The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon Cooper finds his belongings stolen at the Kingman, Arizona train station.
 Teddy Park, South Korean producer and rapper; known for being a major producer for K-pop groups Blackpink, 2NE1, and Big Bang 
Bang Tran, a resident of Monrovia and a former El Monte resident quoted in the Los Angeles Times, stated that year that there was overpopulation in Alhambra, Monterey Park, and other nearby heavily Asian municipalities; this is why Asians began moving to El Monte.
Kaley Cuoco, actress, star of television's The Big Bang Theory
 PI Bang, American record executive
 Rati Gupta, dancer and actress known for her recurring role as Anu, the fiancée of Raj Koothrappali in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
In 2019, Astin reprised the role of Newby in flashback scenes during the series' third season, played the role of Dr. Greg Pemberton on several episodes of The Big Bang Theory, and had a guest appearance on the fifth season of Supergirl.
Examples include Nova (novel), Blake's 7, UFO, Starman Jones, Unreal 2, the Legion of Super-Heroes franchise, Doctor Who, The Big Bang Theory, and The Lego Movie.
Following the Revolutionary War, the "Slam Bang Company" was founded by patriotic men of Boxborough, eventually dissolving into the "Boxborough Light Infantry Company."
The city of Breezy Point is best known for being the home to a resort of the same name on land acquired in 1921 by millionaire publicist Wilford Fawcett, owner of Fawcett Publications, and creator of the famous Whiz Bang magazine.
Nels Elefson (Elofson was the correct spelling) of Meeker County Held as State's Oldest Moonshiner.”  Other than the fact that the paper got his name and age wrong, the old settler, who died a couple of months later on June 8, 1925, at the correct age of 90 plus, was going to go out with a bang.
Otto T. Bang (1931-2008), businessman and politician, was born in Madelia.
Bozeman was featured in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Bozeman Reaction", an episode where Sheldon Cooper briefly moves to Bozeman.
Nothing On is the type of play in which young girls run about in their underwear, old men drop their trousers, and many doors continually bang open and shut.
Einstein's general relativity as well as the redshift of the light from receding distant galaxies indicate that the entire Universe and possibly space-time itself began about 13.8 billion years ago in the Big Bang.
The city's pulp magazine history is echoed in Robbinsdale's annual summer celebration, Whiz Bang Days.
Melissa Rauch (born 1980), actress (The Big Bang Theory, Best Week Ever).Considine, Bob.
New Jersey Monthly ranked Pequannock Township as the "Best Bang for the Buck" in New Jersey and 9th overall in its 2011 edition of "Best Places to Live" in New Jersey.
Chuck Lorre, born Charles Levine, television writer and producer of hit series such as The Big Bang Theory, Young Sheldon, Mom, Two and a Half Men, graduate of Plainview-Old Bethpage High School (Class of 1970).
Laura Spencer, actress, notably in The Lizzie Bennet Diaries, Bones, and The Big Bang Theory''
He was prevented from sleeping by a group of thugs, who would bang on the door every ten minutes with tin cups through the night, then was interrogated by three different teams of real Special Branch officers for nine hours.
Jim Parsons, actor, The Big Bang Theory; graduated from Klein Oak High School
That month the band headlined the Bang Face Weekender festival in the UK.
Important evidence for the Big Bang was discovered at a Bell Labs facility in Holmdel by Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson, both of whom won the Nobel Prize in Physics for their work here.
"Regulatory foundations of financialisation: May Day, Big Bang and international banking 1975-1990."
In January 1988, My Bloody Valentine performed in Canterbury, opening for Biff Bang Pow!, a band that featured Creation Records founder Alan McGee.
After "blowing [Biff Bang Pow!]
The bulk of the Lao, however, settled after 1778 when King Taksin, Siamese king during the Thonburi Period (1767—1782) conquered Champasak and Vientiane and raided Phuan areas for slaves, seizing the Emerald Buddha and Phra Bang (although the latter was eventually returned) and forcing some of the Lao across the river to settle in Isan.
The Song Ma and the Song Ca in the north, and the Song Ba, Don Nai and Se Bang Khan in the south, are the only rivers of any size in the region.
With a total gross of $408 million, it ended up as the second highest-grossing tour of all time, behind the Rolling Stones's A Bigger Bang Tour.
He generalised this approach to assert that it explains many aspects of science, from evolution to the laws of nature which, in Sheldrake's formulation, are merely mutable habits that have been evolving and changing since the Big Bang.
The film depicts the crew hearing a bang quickly after Swigert followed directions from mission control to stir the oxygen and hydrogen tanks.
In reality, the crew heard the bang 95 seconds later.
These stars converted the pristine hydrogen, helium, and lithium formed by the Big Bang into heavier elements, such as carbon, oxygen, and metals.
He's been described as "the best Bang since the Big One" by Eccentrica Gallumbits, and as "one hoopy frood" by others.
 Johannes Torpe (born 1973 in Skanderborg) a Danish designer, musician, producer and former creative director of Bang & Olufsen
The comoving time coordinate is the elapsed time since the Big Bang according to a clock of a comoving observer and is a measure of cosmological time.
The Big Bang (2010) - chronologically follows after The Will To Kill
In 2013, Newhart made his first of six guest appearances on The Big Bang Theory as Professor Proton, for which he received his first Primetime Emmy Award on September 15, 2013.
In 2013, he also appeared on Committed and in an episode of the sixth season of The Big Bang Theory, for which he was awarded a Primetime Emmy Award, and which led to subsequent appearances in its seventh, ninth, and eleventh seasons.
At that year's Emmy ceremony, Newhart appeared as a presenter with The Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons and received a standing ovation.
With neither a whimper, a bang or a reunion."
She also made an appearance on the show The Big Bang Theory, in the episode "The Psychic Vortex".
Sarah Parvini, for the Los Angeles Times, wrote, "players and scholars attribute the game’s resurgent popularity not only to the longueurs of the pandemic, but also to its reemergence in pop culture" including on shows such as the Netflix series Stranger Things and the sitcom The Big Bang Theory or via celebrities who play the game.
These include Tasers, pepper spray canisters, shotguns loaded with bean bag rounds, Pepperball guns, stinger grenades, flash bang grenades, and tear gas.
It was learned by U.S. intelligence that the enemy was using the Kong and Bang Fai Rivers to transport food, fuel, and munitions shipments by loading materiel into half-filled steel drums and then launching them into the rivers.
Feng Zicai and Liu Yongfu were instrumental in the defeat of the French at the Battle of Bang Bo which led to the French Retreat from Lạng Sơn and the conclusion of the war in 1885.
Shortly after Mr.Children announced a joint tour with fellow Japanese rockers the pillows, known as 'Mr.Children & the pillows new big bang tour ~This is Hybrid Innocent~'.
Mr. Children & the pillows new big bang tour ~This is Hybrid Innocent~ (September 26, 2006 – October 11, 2006)
On August 13, 1928, a semiautomatic rifle board (SRB) carried out joint Army, Navy, and Marine Corps trials between the .30 Thompson, both cavalry and infantry versions of the T1 Pedersen, "M1924" Garand, and .256 Bang, and on September 21, the board reported no clear winner.
They were immediately signed to Bang Records and followed up with another hit in 1966, a cover of "Fever", originally recorded by Little Willie John.
Chopin suddenly starts to bang on the piano keys when he notices out the window that Polish people are being taken prisoners by the Russian authorities.
In Season 2, Episode 1 of The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon accidentally reveals to Penny the existence of a secret military supercollider 12.5 miles southeast of Traverse City.
His seventh studio album, titled The Big Bang, became the first No.
The Big Bang features production by Dr. Dre and Swizz Beatz, as well as appearances by Raekwon and Nas.
 The Big Bang (2006)
 Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010)
Cyclorama and Big Bang Theory (2003–2009)
In 2005, Styx released an album of cover tunes, Big Bang Theory, which reached the Billboard Top 50 on the album charts, their highest charting album since 1990.
 Big Bang Theory (2005)
Stellar nucleosynthesis has occurred since the original creation of hydrogen, helium and lithium during the Big Bang.
LQC was mainly developed by Martin Bojowald, it was popularized Loop quantum cosmology in Scientific American for predicting a Big Bounce prior to the Big Bang.
Achievements of LQC have been the resolution of the big bang singularity, the prediction of a Big Bounce, and a natural mechanism for inflation.
Did pre-big bang universe leave its mark on the sky?
The Han dynasty's founding emperor, Liu Bang, was made king of the Hanzhong region after the fall of the Qin dynasty, a title that was later shortened to "the King of Han" () during the Chu-Han contention.
Fengshen Bang (封神榜, The Investiture of the Gods)
Bang & Olufsen developed the HX Pro headroom extension system in conjunction with Dolby Laboratories in 1982.
Developed by Bang & Olufsen, it did not require a decoder to play back.
The earliest references to the qilin are in the 5th century BC Zuo Zhuan.古建上的主要装饰纹样――麒麟 古建园林技术－作者:徐华铛  The qilin made appearances in a variety of subsequent Chinese works of history and fiction, such as Feng Shen Bang.
This led the three to all start questioning the Big Bang theory originally proposed by Georges Lemaître in 1931 and later advanced by George Gamow, which suggested that the universe expanded from an extremely dense and hot state and continues to expand today.
Whereas the Big Bang theory predicted as much, steady state predicted that such objects would be found everywhere, including close to our own galaxy, since evolution would be more evenly distributed, not observed only at great distances.
Stephen Hawking said that the fact that microwave radiation had been found, and that it was thought to be left over from the Big Bang, was "the final nail in the coffin of the steady-state theory."
The cancellation of Firefly is a running gag in the CBS sitcom, The Big Bang Theory, which ran from 2007-2019.
The New Yorker wrote that the it triggered "the big bang of pop's great age of disruption, from 1983 to 1986", and that its "defiantly inorganic timbres ... sketched out the domain of a new world of music".
Like Big Bang cosmology, the ekpyrotic theory has accurately described essential features of our universe.
Observation of a CMB has long been considered evidence of the Big Bang, but proponents of the ekpyrotic and cyclic theories contend that the CMB is also consistent with a Big Bounce as posited in those models.
This is important because when the effects of quantum fluctuations are properly included in the Big Bang inflationary model, they prevent the universe from achieving the uniformity and flatness that the cosmologists are trying to explain.
Instead of making clear predictions, the Big Bang inflationary theory allows any outcome, so that the properties we observe may be viewed as random chance, resulting from the particular patch of the multiverse in which the Earth resides.
Discover Magazine, Before the Big Bang February 2004 issue.
'Brane-Storm' Challenges Part of Big Bang Theory.
Following the completion of the album, Roxie departed the band with former Big Bang Babies, Warrant and Ratt guitarist Keri Kelli joining in his place.
In several episodes of the television show The Big Bang Theory, some of the main characters can be seen playing Talisman (4th Edition) in Sheldon and Leonard's living room.
The Legion of the Stupid Heroes one-shot is a parody of the Legion published by Blackthorne Publishing in 1987.Big Bang Comics #12 features a Legion homage called the Pantheon of Heroes that hails from the 30th century.
Five years after the original, Thompson reprised the role of Nanny McPhee with 2010's Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang.
"Cat Ballou" is a card in the Spaghetti Western board game Bang!.
During his rule, Brooke suppressed an uprising by Liu Shan Bang in 1857 and faced threats from Sarawak warriors like Sharif Masahor and Rentap and managed to suppress them.
line was also referenced on the television comedy show The Big Bang Theory.
Georges Lemaître (1894–1966), Belgian astronomer, mathematician and Catholic priest, proposer of the Big Bang theory.
The Character Howard Wolowitz in the American sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" does an imitation of Pacino in the season 6 episode 23 "The Love Spell Potential": "You're playing 'D&D'!, You're playing 'D&D'!.
In 2005, he played piano on Styx's re-recording of "Blue Collar Man", entitled "Blue Collar Man @ 2120", for their album Big Bang Theory.
Diamond began to feel restricted by Bang Records because he wanted to record more ambitious, introspective music, such as "Brooklyn Roads" from 1968.
Bang believed that the song was not commercial enough, so it was relegated to being an LP track on "Just for You".
The Very Best of Neil Diamond, a compilation CD of Diamond's 23 studio recordings from the Bang, UNI/MCA, & Columbia catalogs, was released on December 6, 2011, on the Sony Legacy label.
UMG also took over Diamond's Columbia and Bang catalogues, which meant that all of his recorded output would be consolidated for the first time.
Alfvén believed the problem with the Big Bang was that astrophysicists tried to extrapolate the origin of the universe from mathematical theories developed on the blackboard, rather than starting from known observable phenomena.
He also considered the Big Bang to be a myth devised to explain creation.
Alfvén and colleagues proposed the Alfvén–Klein model as an alternative cosmological theory to both the Big Bang and steady state theory cosmologies.
To the west, the central plain of Thailand is drained by the Mae Klong and the east by the Bang Pakong River.
The catfish Platytropius siamensis is endemic to Chao Phraya and Bang Pakong, but has not been recorded since the 1970s and is considered extinct.
Design Evolution: Big Bang to Big Data,Toronto, 2014.
American three-camera situation comedy, an extension of proscenium stage tradition, often includes elements of farce, specifically in several episodes of Three's Company, the "Woody's Wedding" episode of Cheers, "The Ski Lodge" episode of Frasier, and the "Love Car Displacement" episode of The Big Bang Theory.
It is said that Liu Bang visited Luoyang and considered making it his capital but was persuaded to reconsider by his ministers to turn to Xian instead for his capital.
The toy piano has been used extensively by alternative rock and post-rock bands such as Agitpop, Evanescence, Radiohead, Little Bang Theory, Warren Zevon, Tori Amos, Sigur Rós, Vampire Weekend, Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, A Perfect Circle, Old Canes, Alt-J (notably in "Breezeblocks"), and The Dresden Dolls.
It featured concert performances by Rude Awakening, Billy Sheehan, Rudy Sarzo, John Norum, Carmine Appice, Phantom Blue, Soma, producer Roy Z and his band the Tribe of Gypsies, Mark Ferrari, Oslo, Bang Tango, Stash, Iron Cross and Irish singer-songwriter Mark Dignam.
Bang Rajan, directed by Tanit Jitnukul, starring Winai Kraibutr, Jaran Ngamdee, and Bongkoj Khongmalai.
Dave Evans, former Mary Chain soundman and bass player with Biff Bang Pow!
When one woman or man is given the serial or parallel attention of many, often involving a queue (pulling a train), it is often termed a gang bang.
Playing Fridays and Saturdays only, the programme included The Sneakers and The Streetlights by Half Human Theatre, The Thinker by Stuff & Things, H2H by Joli Vyann, Screeving by Urban Canvas, Pigeon Poo People by The Natural Theatre Company, Capses by Laitrum, Bang On!, Caravania!
We're not going to just bang this one out, so to speak."
These four strokes can also be referred to as "suck, squeeze, bang, blow" respectively, which can be easier to remember.
“What Came Before the Big Bang?” Harpers, January 2016 
2016 Sydney Award for the best magazine essays of 2011, for "What Came Before the Big Bang?
Brooke employed his Dayak troops during other military expeditions, such as those against the Chinese-Malaysian insurgent Liu Shan Bang and Sarawak warrior Sharif Masahor.
In 2009, Flatow had a voice cameo appearance as himself on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory in "The Vengeance Formulation" (season 3, episode 9).
In 2013, Flatow appears as himself in person for another guest-star appearance on The Big Bang Theory, interviewing Dr. Sheldon Cooper and Dr. Leonard Hofstadter on Science Friday about Cooper's failed discovery in "The Discovery Dissipation" (season 7, episode 10).
In 2017, Flatow once again appeared on The Big Bang Theory interviewing Leonard Hofstadter for "Science Friday" (Season 11, Episode 2).
There are several cosmological verses in the Qur'an (610-632) which some modern writers have interpreted as foreshadowing the expansion of the universe and possibly even the Big Bang theory:
McCluskey said, "I just thought: 'Screw this, I'm not going to bang my head against a brick wall'."
Shortly before dying, Rossen signed him to a seven-film contract which was to start with an adaptation of Bang the Drum Slowly.
The Rolling Stones played two sold-out concerts at the stadium: on December 4, 1989, during the Steel Wheels Tour and on September 26, 2005, during their highest-grossing tour A Bigger Bang Tour.
Bang the Drum Slowly, starring Robert De Niro and Michael Moriarty
Danny Aiello – Bang the Drum Slowly
Certain bands not from a punk/alternative background, such as glam metal groups Bang Tango and Extreme, have also frequently incorporated funk into their musical style.
 Maren Elisabeth Bang (1797 in Skansgården – 1884) wrote the first printed Norwegian cookbook
 The Best: Make the Music Go Bang!, by X, 2004
Bang paths of eight to ten machines (or hops) were not uncommon in 1981, and late-night dial-up UUCP links could cause week-long transmission times.
Bang paths were often selected by both transmission time and reliability, as messages would often get lost.
Usenet traffic was originally transmitted over the UUCP protocol using bang paths.
In general, like other older e-mail address formats, bang paths have now been superseded by the "@ notation", even by sites still using UUCP.
The TV series was licensed in the U.S. twice, first by The Ocean Group and second by Media Blasters and was dubbed by Bang Zoom!
The book does not support the Big Bang theory.
Applying the cosmological principle, this suggests that heavier elements were not created in the Big Bang but were produced by nucleosynthesis in giant stars and expelled across a series of supernovae explosions and new star formation from the supernovae remnants, which means heavier elements would accumulate over time.
Sukhothai was originally a trade center in Lavo—itself under the suzerainty of the Khmer Empire—when Central Thai people led by Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao, a local leader, revolted and gained their independence.
Bang Klang Hao took the regnal name of Si Inthrathit and became the first monarch of the Phra Ruang dynasty.
In 1238, a group of Central Thai peoples led by a local mueang chief, Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao, rebelled against the governor at Sukhodaya and established Sukhothai as an independent Thai state.
Bang Klang Hao was assisted by a local ally, Pho Khun Pha Mueang.
After the Battle of the Sittaung River, Naresuan forcibly relocated people from the northern cities of Phitsanulok, Sukhothai, Phichai, Sawankhalok, Kamphaeng Phet, Phichit, and Phra Bang closer to Ayutthaya.
Several telescopes at La Silla played a role in linking gamma-ray bursts, the most energetic explosions in the universe since the Big Bang, with the explosions of massive stars.
The scientific goals of ALMA include studying the origin and formation of stars, galaxies, and planets with observations of molecular gas and dust, studying distant galaxies towards the edge of the observable universe and studying relic radiation from the Big Bang.
The star (and the Milky Way) must have formed soon after the Big Bang.
Cosmological models of the events following the Big Bang make predictions about what the horizon volume was, which lead to predictions about present-day monopole density.
It proposes a form of pandeism and monism, postulating that an omnipotent god annihilated himself in the Big Bang, because an omniscient entity would already know everything possible except his own lack of existence, and exists now as the smallest units of matter and the law of probability, or "God's debris".
In 2011, the Nine Network announced a new "Home of Comedy" line-up with comedy shows such as Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, and other American sitcoms, along with the launch of a live comedy show Ben Elton Live From Planet Earth, which was cancelled after only three episodes due to low ratings.
The return of new episodes of the popular sitcom The Big Bang Theory was also a huge success for the network, scoring high figures consistently week after week and dominating the evening as top program.
In 2008 he was an organizer of a conference of individuals who opposed the Big Bang cosmological models.
•	Michael Veitch and Glenn Robbins: The Whizz Bang Theatre Company
Many of Moorcock's novels and short stories take place in a shared Multiverse: an array of interconnected parallel universes, many-layered dimensions, spheres, and alternative worlds, spanning from the Big Bang to the End of Time and from Earth to faraway galaxies.
Bands signed to Mechanic included Voivod, Dream Theater, Bang Tango, and Trixter.
According to the Big Bang theory, the very early Universe was an extremely hot and dense state about 13.8 billion years ago which rapidly expanded.
All of the observable universe is filled with photons that were created during the Big Bang, which is known as the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB).
American physicists Ralph Alpher and Robert Herman predicted 5 K for the temperature of space in 1948, based on the gradual decrease in background energy following the then-new Big Bang theory.
 Ove Bang (1895 in Røyken – 1942) a Norwegian architect, advocated functionalism in architecture
The rock band, BANG released "Future Shock" on their self titled Capitol Records release in 1972.
On April 1, 2016, the band released its first album in five years, Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello.
 Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello (2016)
The most acclaimed sitcoms include Seinfeld and The Big Bang Theory.
Bang Goes the Knighthood (2010)
The delta of these rivers, locally known as Nai Bang (ในบาง), is directly north of the city of Surat Thani.
The new series is based on the original five-round format of the show with every round being "brought bang up-to-date" and features "state-of-the-art" technology, although The Guardian described the rounds as having "irritating bleeping noises and confusing graphics".
In 2001, Baldwin played a leading role in the television film Double Bang which aired on HBO.
Another problem lies within the mathematical framework of the Standard Model itself—the Standard Model is inconsistent with that of general relativity, to the point that one or both theories break down under certain conditions (for example within known spacetime singularities like the Big Bang and the centres of black holes beyond the event horizon).
Horizon problem: Why is the distant universe so homogeneous when the Big Bang theory seems to predict larger measurable anisotropies of the night sky than those observed?
The cosmic-microwave-background data shows several features of anisotropy, which are not consistent with the Big Bang model.
The lithium problem: Why is there a discrepancy between the amount of lithium-7 predicted to be produced in Big Bang nucleosynthesis and the amount observed in very old stars?
Times on this list are measured from the moment of the Big Bang.
The Big Bang occurs in which ordinary space and time develop out of a primeval state (possibly a virtual particle or false vacuum) described by a quantum theory of gravity or "Theory of Everything".
One of the earliest galaxies to feature a supermassive black hole suggesting that such large objects existed quite soon after the Big Bang.
The Lucerner Fasnacht, based on religious, Catholic backgrounds, starts every year on the Thursday before Aschermittwoch (Ash Wednesday) with a big bang at 5am called Morgenwacht (Morning Watch).
In another book, Godhead: The Brain's Big Bang – The explosive origin of creativity, mysticism and mental illness, they said that Shah's stories, "when told to young and old alike [...] lay down blueprints in the mind, not only for living and overcoming everyday difficulties but also for travelling the spiritual path.
This is also done by the character Sheldon Cooper in the TV show The Big Bang Theory to his friends when they displease him.
 You'll Get a Bang Out of This, Beetle Bailey (No.
"He would take my head and bang it against the wall," Vanderbilt said, "I had black eyes."
The Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe (WMAP), originally known as the Microwave Anisotropy Probe (MAP and Explorer 80), was a NASA spacecraft operating from 2001 to 2010 which measured temperature differences across the sky in the cosmic microwave background (CMB) – the radiant heat remaining from the Big Bang.
The anisotropies then were used to measure the universe's geometry, content, and evolution; and to test the Big Bang model, and the cosmic inflation theory.
In addition, the study found that 95% of the early universe is composed of dark matter and dark energy, the curvature of space is less than 0.4% of "flat" and the universe emerged from the cosmic Dark Ages "about 400 million years" after the Big Bang.
 Big Bang glow hints at funnel-shaped Universe, New Scientist, 15 April 2004
Initially, Emperor Liu Bang decided to build his capital at the center of the sun, which according to Chinese geography was in modern Luoyang.
In 200 BC after marking the boundaries of the three prefectures, which comprised the metropolitan region of Xianyang, Liu Bang appointed Xiao He to design and build the new capital.
Prime minister Xiao He convinced Liu Bang that both the excessive size and multiplicity of palaces was necessary to secure his rule by creating a spectacle of power.
After Liu Bang it was used as the residence of the Empress Regent.
COBE's measurements provided two key pieces of evidence that supported the Big Bang theory of the universe: that the CMB has a near-perfect black-body spectrum, and that it has very faint anisotropies.
The cosmic microwave background radiation is a remnant of the Big Bang and the fluctuations are the imprint of density contrast in the early universe.
Attributed only to nuclear sources, this intensity implies that more than 5–15% of the baryonic mass density implied by big bang nucleosynthesis analysis has been processed in stars to helium and heavier elements.
Doctors Jens Bang and Allen Northeved from Denmark were the first to report amniocentesis done with the guide of an ultrasound in 1972.
For example, the current Big Bang model suggests that the universe is 13.8 billion years (4.355 × 1017 seconds) old, and that the observable universe is 93 billion light years across (8.8 × 1026 metres), and contains about 5 × 1022 stars, organized into around 125 billion (1.25 × 1011) galaxies, according to Hubble Space Telescope observations.
Music journalist Neil McCormick, writing in 2015, described the Beatles' debut on the show as pop music's "big bang moment", while Stanley calls it "arguably the most significant postwar cultural event in America", adding that "Their rise, the scale of it and their impact on society, was completely unprecedented."
For example, the information that Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han), in a desperate attempt to escape in a chase from Xiang Yu's men, pushed his own children off his carriage to lighten it, was not given in the emperor's biography, but in the biography of Xiang Yu.
BANG was home to such artists as the McCoys ("Hang on Sloopy"), the Strangeloves ("I Want Candy"), Them's ex-lead singer Van Morrison ("Brown Eyed Girl"), and, most notably, Neil Diamond ("Solitary Man" and "Cherry Cherry," both produced by Jeff Barry and Ellie Greenwich).
With BANG Records releasing predominantly rock and roll, Berns formed Shout Records in 1966 as an outlet for his greatest passions of R&B and soul music, recording artists such Freddie Scott ("Are You Lonely for Me Baby") and Erma Franklin ("Piece of My Heart").
A documentary film titled BANG!
Bang was laid down on 30 April 1943 at Kittery, Maine, by the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard; launched on 30 August 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Robert W. Neblett; and commissioned on 4 December 1943, Lieutenant Commander Antone R. Gallaher in command.
As March came to an end, Bang was fully provisioned and ready for battle.
On 29 April, Bang sighted a 12-ship, southbound convoy.
The enemy rained down depth charges on Bang, but training in evasive maneuvers and a bit of good luck enabled her to escape damage.
After dark, she and her colleagues coordinated a surface attack in which Bang sank Kinrei Maru, and claimed the destruction of a destroyer, which was not confirmed by postwar study of Japanese records.
Since all of her torpedoes had been expended, Bang departed the area on 6 May and arrived at Midway on the 14th for refit alongside .
On 6 June, Bang put to sea on her second war patrol, the timing of which coincided with the preliminaries to the Mariana Islands invasion.
Although hampered by heavy rain squalls and turbulent seas, Bang launched a spread of three torpedoes, one of which hit and damaged the target, but did not sink her.
Bang made a submerged attack and fired 10 torpedoes at three overlapping targets, all of which the submarine claims to have sunk, although the postwar records do not confirm the claim.
The enemy escorts turned and pursued Bang, dropping 125 depth charges over her as she went deep to avoid destruction.
When Bang finally surfaced, the convoy was disappearing over the horizon.
On 4 July, Bang sighted a small Hong Kong-bound convoy consisting of one cargo ship and four destroyer escorts.
While passing northwest of the Bonin Islands to take up her station, Bang encountered an enemy convoy on 9 September.
A pattern of 16 charges exploded directly over the boat, but Bang waited out her enemies.
The escorts departed apparently satisfied that they had scored a kill, but Bang suffered only minor damage which her crew easily repaired.
Early on 19 September, Bang made radar contact on another enemy convoy, submerged, and fired on two of the ships.
Finally, on 22 November, improved weather enabled Bang to attack a convoy initially reported by Redfish.
Bang fired all 24 of her torpedoes in a series of seven surface attacks, sinking two cargo ships – Sakae Maru and Amakusa Maru.
Later that day, Bang headed for Hawaii and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 5 December for refit.
Bad weather and a scarcity of targets denied Bang opportunities to attack any enemy shipping before she departed the area on 19 February, without any kills.
Following completion of the overhaul, Bang operated out of New London in the early postwar period.
On 1 February 1951, Bang was recommissioned at the U.S.
Following work at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Bang was recommissioned as a GUPPY IIA submarine, the first of her type to serve the U.S. Navy, on 4 October 1952, Lieutenant Commander Perry Hall in command.
After operating with the fleet in the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea for two years, Bang entered the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard for a routine overhaul in August 1954.
Early in 1972, Bang was designated for transfer to the Spanish Navy on a five-year loan.
Following upkeep to lengthen her safe submerged operations limit, Bang returned to New London to train Spanish sailors in preparation for the transfer.
On 1 October 1972, Bang was decommissioned and transferred to the Spanish government.
Bang received six battle stars for her World War II service.
In terms of its application, the distribution of hot dark matter could also help explain how clusters and superclusters of galaxies formed after the Big Bang.
Additional thrillers followed: Bang!
May, Moore and Chris Lintott co-wrote a book Bang!
Karin Bang, Norwegian novelist and poet (died 2017)
Residents of the local Pukerua Bay area were woken early in the morning by the noise of low flying helicopters, before hearing a loud bang.
"42" is a song written and produced by hip-hop and record production trio 3Racha, which consists of members Bang Chan, Han Jisung, and Seo Changbin of popular k-pop group Stray Kids.
Bang Mot tangerine, a mandarin variety popular in Thailand.
Despite an expected documentary entitled Closed Romantic Realism, 2008 saw the release of an EP for Crosby's science fiction novel Bang Band SiXXX.
The EP is entitled Bang Band SiXXX: Relay EP.
 Bang Band Sixxx: Relay EP (2008)
Observations made by Edwin Hubble during the 1930s–1950s found that galaxies appeared to be moving away from each other, leading to the currently accepted Big Bang theory.
In some of these solutions, the universe has been expanding from an initial singularity which was, essentially, the Big Bang.
These two theories were active contenders until the 1965 discovery, by Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson, of the cosmic microwave background radiation, a fact that is a straightforward prediction of the Big Bang theory, and one that the original Steady State theory could not account for.
As a result, the Big Bang theory quickly became the most widely held view of the origin of the universe.
Recent observations conclude, from 7.5 billion years after the Big Bang, that the expansion rate of the universe has probably been increasing, commensurate with the Open Universe theory.
Just as the Big Bang started as a cosmological expansion, this theory assumes that the average density of the universe will be enough to stop its expansion and the universe will begin contracting.
The result is unknown; a simple estimation would have all the matter and space-time in the universe collapse into a dimensionless singularity back into how the universe started with the Big Bang, but at these scales unknown quantum effects need to be considered (see Quantum gravity).
This scenario allows the Big Bang to occur immediately after the Big Crunch of a preceding universe.
The universe could then consist of an infinite sequence of finite universes, with each finite universe ending with a Big Crunch that is also the Big Bang of the next universe.
According to one version of the Big Bang theory of cosmology, in the beginning the universe was infinitely dense.
Therefore, quantum mechanics has given rise to an alternative version of the Big Bang theory, specifically that the universe tunneled into existence and had a finite density consistent with quantum mechanics, before evolving in a manner governed by classical physics.
Also, if the universe is closed, this theory would predict that once this universe collapses it will spawn another universe in an event similar to the Big Bang after a universal singularity is reached or a repulsive quantum force causes re-expansion.
In simple terms, this theory states that the universe will continuously repeat the cycle of a Big Bang, followed up with a Big Crunch.
Mark Harris – Bang the Drum Slowly
The River That Runs Uphill: A Journey from the Big Bang to the Big Brain (New York: Macmillan, 1986. )
 Anton Christian Bang, former Minister of Education and Church Affairs
Flash bang devices and fragmentation grenades are also used depending on the tactical situation, including the thermobaric Mk 14 Anti-Structure Munition (ASM-HG) which has reportedly been used in Afghanistan.
Waits also stated that "if we couldn't get the right sound out of the drum set we'd get a chest of drawers in the bathroom and bang it real hard with a two-by-four," such that "the sounds become your own."
This aesthetic design was inspired by Bang & Olufsen Hi-Fi products.
Loveless was largely recorded in mono sound, as Shields felt it important that the album's sound consisted of "the guitar smack bang in the middle and no chorus, no modulation effect".
The kingdom split into three rival factions, ruling from Luang Phra Bang, Vientiane, and Champasak (, จำปาศักดิ์).
These lightest stable nuclides (including deuterium) survive to today, but any radioactive isotopes of the light elements produced in the Big Bang (such as tritium) have long since decayed.
Isotopes of elements heavier than boron were not produced at all in the Big Bang, and these first five elements do not have any long-lived radioisotopes.
The old Stock Exchange Tower became largely redundant with Big Bang, which deregulated many of the Stock Exchange's activities: computerised systems and dealing rooms replaced face-to-face trading.
 Marina Chavez, Lance Bang – photography
Arguing that knowledge of evolution and the Big Bang require observation rather than inference, Ham urges asking scientists and science educators, "Were you there?"
Freleng also cited the Terrible-Tempered Mr. Bang, a character in the Toonerville Trolley comic strip, as an influence.
Lithium is one of the few elements synthesized in the Big Bang.
Small amounts of beryllium were synthesised during the Big Bang, although most of it decayed or reacted further to create larger nuclei, like carbon, nitrogen or oxygen.
Most helium was formed during the Big Bang, but new helium is being created as a result of the nuclear fusion of hydrogen in stars.
He was also briefly involved with Dead Bang co-star Penelope Ann Miller before reuniting with Griffith.
Of her role choices and avoidance of becoming typecast, she said: "Most often a particular role does you some good and Bang!
Herman Bang – Stucco (Stuk)
Theoretical investigations have revealed that quark stars might not only be produced from neutron stars and powerful supernovas, they could also be created in the early cosmic phase separations following the Big Bang.
The largest realized amount of time, based on known scientific data, is the age of the universe, about 13.8 billion years—the time since the Big Bang as measured in the cosmic microwave background rest frame.
Herman Bang – Ved Vejen (published in the collection Stille Eksistenser)
Herman Bang – Tine (Tina)
He chose the Phra Bang a standing image of the Buddha in the mudra or position of "dispelling fear" to be the palladium of Lan Xang.
The Phra Bang had been kept in Vientiane until that time, in part because of the strength of the traditional animist beliefs in Muang Sua.
Lan Xang had several powerful Buddha images which served as palladiums and spiritual symbols of the kingdom which included the Phra Bang, Phra Keo (the "Emerald" Buddha), Phra Saekham, and Phra Luk (the crystal Buddha of Champasak).
In 1359 the Khmer king from Angkor gave the Phra Bang to his son-in-law, the first Lang Xang monarch Fa Ngum (1353-1373); to provide Buddhist legitimacy both to Fa Ngum's rule and by extension to the sovereignty of Laos and was used to spread Theravada Buddhism in the new kingdom.
He was permitted to take with him the Phra Bang, a gold Buddharupa that had, according to legend had been originally brought from Angkor by Fa Ngum, the first king of Lan Xang, and was taken to Thonburi in 1779.
His religious tutor, Maha Pasaman also brought back sacred texts and the Phra Bang.
This student was a Chinese man named Pai Li Bang.
 Andrea Bang, actor best known for Kim's Convenience
Hardly were the words out of McMahon's mouth, when bang went a cannon from the redoubt in question, fired on the advancing masses of the enemy.
Before he was an advocate of the Big Bang theory, Weinberg stated: "The steady-state theory is philosophically the most attractive theory because it least resembles the account given in Genesis."
Such black holes might possibly be formed in an early stage of the evolution of the universe, just after the Big Bang, when densities were extremely high.
 Primordial black hole, a hypothetical leftover of the Big Bang
The Big Crunch is a hypothetical scenario for the ultimate fate of the universe, in which the expansion of the universe eventually reverses and the universe recollapses, ultimately causing the cosmic scale factor to reach zero, an event potentially followed by a reformation of the universe starting with another Big Bang.
At the time of the Big Crunch, all the matter in the universe would be crushed into an infinitely hot, infinitely dense singularity similar to the Big Bang.
The Big Crunch may be followed by another Big Bang, creating a new universe.
The Phra Bang ("Royal Buddha Image in the Dispelling Fear mudra)," Lao (ພະ + ບາງ) is the palladium of Laos.
The Phra Bang arrived in Lan Xang during the reign of Fa Ngum from Angkor, and was used to spread Theravada Buddhism in the new kingdom.
The Phra Bang has long been seen by devout Buddhists as a symbol of the right to rule Laos, as only a commendable and virtuous government deserves to be caretaker of such a sacred image.
In 1705, the Phra Bang was taken to Vientiane.
There, political upheaval and misfortune were attributed to the Phra Bang, and in 1782 it was returned to the Lao people.
Again in 1828, the Siamese captured the Phra Bang but again returned it in 1867 after a similar period of political upheaval.
Because everything is clocked simply, it arrives bang on the beat.
At the beginning of 1968, Van Morrison became involved in a contract dispute with Bang Records that kept him away from any recording activity.
Following Bert Berns's death, Ilene Berns inherited the contracts of Bang Records.
Legally bound to Bang Records, Morrison was not only kept out of the studio, but also found himself unable to find performing work in New York as most clubs refrained from booking him, fearing reprisals.
Still legally bound to Bang Records, Morrison would yet have more issues with them in the future.
Morrison fulfilled that demand with two of his own compositions, "Madame George" and "Beside You", although the versions subsequently released were vastly different musically from the original versions recorded with Bang.
It was originally recorded for Bang Records in December 1967.
An earlier recording for Bang Records with slightly altered lyrics, backing singers, a much swifter tempo and a "bizarrely inappropriate party atmosphere" had a considerably different tone from the 1968 Astral Weeks recording.
In contemporary media, Il Dottore can be found in many common characters, such as Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory and Dr. Zoidberg from Futurama.
Even the −270 °C background glow from the Big Bang is warmer than the nebula.
Nevertheless, there remained vocal detractors of the Big Bang theory including Fred Hoyle, Jayant Narlikar, Halton Arp, and Hannes Alfvén, whose cosmologies were relegated to the fringes of astronomical research.
The current standard model of cosmology is the Lambda-CDM model, wherein the Universe is governed by General Relativity, began with a Big Bang and today is a nearly-flat universe that consists of approximately 5% baryons, 27% cold dark matter, and 68% dark energy.
One of the major successes of the Big Bang theory compared to its competitor was its prediction for the abundance of light elements in the universe that corresponds with the observed abundances of light elements.
Theories which assert that the universe has an infinite age with no beginning have trouble accounting for the abundance of deuterium in the cosmos, because deuterium easily undergoes nuclear fusion in stars and there are no known astrophysical processes other than the Big Bang itself that can produce it in large quantities.
Theories which assert that the universe has a finite life, but that the Big Bang did not happen, have problems with the abundance of helium-4.
By contrast, the abundance of 4He in Big Bang models is very insensitive to assumptions about baryon density, changing only a few percent as the baryon density changes by several orders of magnitude.
Scepticism about the non-standard cosmologies' ability to explain the CMB caused interest in the subject to wane since then, however, there have been two periods in which interest in non-standard cosmology has increased due to observational data which posed difficulties for the big bang.
The first occurred was the late 1970s when there were a number of unsolved problems, such as the horizon problem, the flatness problem, and the lack of magnetic monopoles, which challenged the big bang model.
This idea subsequently became part of the understanding of the big bang, although alternatives have been proposed from time to time.
The second occurred in the mid-1990s when observations of the ages of globular clusters and the primordial helium abundance, apparently disagreed with the big bang.
An open letter started by some remaining advocates of non-standard cosmology has affirmed that: "today, virtually all financial and experimental resources in cosmology are devoted to big bang studies...."
This "classical" big bang cosmology was overthrown when it was discovered that nearly 70% of the energy in the universe was attributable to the cosmological constant, often referred to as "dark energy".
Today, it is more common to find in the scientific literature proposals for "non-standard cosmologies" that actually accept the basic tenets of the big bang cosmology, while modifying parts of the concordance model.
Alternatives to Big Bang cosmologies 
Today, the Big Bang is not seriously challenged.
The debate between the Big Bang and the Steady State models would happen for 15 years with camps roughly evenly divided until the discovery of the cosmic microwave background radiation.
This radiation is a natural feature of the Big Bang model which demands a "time of last scattering" where photons decouple with baryonic matter.
The Steady State theory did not have the horizon problem of the Big Bang because it assumed an infinite amount of time was available for thermalizing the background.
What was a coincidental ratio of hydrogen to deuterium and helium in the steady state model was a feature of the Big Bang model.
It supposes that the universe goes through periodic expansion and contraction phases, with a soft "rebound" in place of the Big Bang.
During the quasar controversies of the 1970s, these same astronomers were also of the opinion that quasars exhibited high redshifts not due to their incredible distance but rather due to unexplained intrinsic redshift mechanisms that would cause the periodicities and cast doubt on the Big Bang.
Throughout his career, Halton Arp maintained that there were anomalies in his observations of quasars and galaxies, and that those anomalies served as a refutation of the Big Bang.
These proposals typically modify some of the main features of Lambda-CDM, but do not reject the Big Bang.
Quintessence, which is a scalar field similar to the one that drove cosmic inflation shortly after the Big Bang.
Hoyle, Fred; Geoffrey Burbidge, and Jayant V. Narlikar, A Different Approach to Cosmology: From a Static Universe through the Big Bang towards Reality.
Lerner, Eric J., Big Bang Never Happened, Vintage Books, 1992.
Perhaps the most famous sculpture in Laos, the Phra Bang, is also cast in gold, but the craftsmanship is held to be of Sinhalese, rather than Lao, origin.
While part of the Sukhothai Kingdom, it was called Mueang Phra Bang, the southern frontier city of Sukhothai.
In the reign of King Taksin the Great, Phra Bang became a Siamese military base to prevent further Burmese attacks.
He once shaped Big Bang energies released by the death of his brother Michael into a new universe.
Khun Pha Muang founded the village of Dan-kwa, and Bang Klang Hao founded Dan Sai.
On the northwestern creek of the reservoir, a road bridge connects the village of Ban Dong Bang in the west with the district town of Wang Sam Mo in the east.
The urban area around Bang Rakam has more than 30,000 people.
All households of Bang Krathum District were connected, but for Noen Maprang District this was 69.9%.
"Cog" has also inspired a number of other creative endeavours outside of the advertising industry, including an elaborate domino-toppling world record attempt by Robin Weijers, and a three-minute introductory trailer to the BBC show Bang Goes the Theory.
Dafoe stated he found the use of gun fu combat created an interesting mix of action, stating "you have the grace of martial arts, but then the bang of the gun".
With a loud bang, the hatch was off.
 Kevin Sussman, actor in The Big Bang Theory.
In February 2020, astronomers reported that a cavity in the Ophiuchus Supercluster, originating from a supermassive black hole, is a result of the largest known explosion in the Universe since the Big Bang.
Finally, primordial black holes could have been produced directly from external pressure in the first moments after the Big Bang.
Distant supermassive black holes, such as J0313–1806, and ULAS J1342+0928, are hard to explain so soon after the Big Bang.
A small minority of sources argue that they may be evidence that the Universe is the result of a Big Bounce, instead of a Big Bang, with these supermassive black holes being formed before the Big Bounce.
His robots are also continuous background props in the TV series The Big Bang Theory.
Images released in the XDF show galaxies which are now believed to have formed in the first 500 million years following the Big Bang.
In 2005, however, Wood was again busy with the Rolling Stones as the band recorded their A Bigger Bang album—although he played on only 10 of the album's 16 tracks.
In November 2006, during a break in the Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, Wood played guitar on three tracks for British soul artist Beverley Knight's album Music City Soul, released in 2007.
The song pastiches Hello magazine, in satire of post-Big Bang UK consumerist culture.
It has been called An Bang, Lục Thủy, Vân Đồn ...
In The Big Bang Theory Season 6 episode "The Proton Resurgence", Leonard and Sheldon's childhood hero Professor Proton (Bob Newhart) attempts to show the group a potato battery, which amazes Penny.
Dagbladet was founded in 1869 by Anthon Bang.
Starting in 1963, people have also carried a small plastic hammer which they use to bang their neighbors over the head.
When parliament resumed in February 1677, it opened with a bang.
Cunt more or less starts rather than ends with a gang bang.
The appearance of bukkake videos was part of a trend towards "harder" pornography in the 1990s, preceded by a fashion for double penetration videos in the mid-1990s, and occurring in parallel to the appearance of gang bang videos towards the end of that decade.
Under current cosmological models, all matter created in the Big Bang was mostly hydrogen (75%) and helium (25%), with only a very tiny fraction consisting of other light elements such as lithium and beryllium.
Their existence may account for the fact that heavy elements – which could not have been created in the Big Bang – are observed in quasar emission spectra.
The European Southern Observatory discovered a bright pocket of early population stars in the very bright galaxy Cosmos Redshift 7 from the reionization period around 800 million years after the Big Bang, at .
Such large stars may have been possible due to the lack of heavy elements and a much warmer interstellar medium from the Big Bang.
In August, Muscles played at the Splendour in the Grass festival, a few days later travelling to Japan with Cut Copy, The Presets and The Bang Gang DJs, to play two shows at Womb and Summersonic Festival Modular Midnight Stage.
Lemaître also proposed a version of the "Big Bang theory" of the origin of the universe, calling it the "hypothesis of the primeval atom", and later calling it "the beginning of the world".
Lemaître's theory became better known as the "Big Bang theory," a picturesque term playfully coined during a 1949 BBC radio broadcast by the astronomer Fred Hoyle, who was a proponent of the steady state universe and remained so until his death in 2001.
 Proposed his theory at an opportune time, since Edwin Hubble would soon publish his velocity–distance relation that strongly supported an expanding universe and, consequently, Lemaître's Big Bang theory;
The largest bottle rockets used at the festivals are Bang Fai rockets which can be up to 20 metres long and charged with up to 500 kg of black powder.
 Me (Biff Bang Pow!
The first mission of the new operation was launched on 2 March against an ammunition storage area near Xom Bang.
A film Best Before Death covering the actions (jobs)  Bang Drum, Man Made Bed, Make Soup and Man Shines Shoes during the 2016 Kolkata, India and 2018 Lexington, North Carolina legs of the world tour was made by Paul Duane, Robbie Ryan (Kolkata) and Patrick Jordan (Lexington).
The channel established itself as the "voice for the under 35s" where the new schedule continued with new seasons of New Girl, The Big Bang Theory, Grey's Anatomy, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Masters of Sex, Devious Maids, The Americans, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
RTÉ2 also airs American programmes such as The Simpsons (currently airing Season 20 weekdays at 18:00), 90210, Revenge, Law & Order, Criminal Minds, The Big Bang Theory, Greys Anatomy,  Worst Week and Private Practice.
Within the programming block, contains The Big Bang Theory, Neighbours (repeated from RTÉ One), The Simpsons and Home and Away (repeated from RTÉ One).
Big Bang Blow: Japanese Jazz selected By Nargo, M.Kitahara & Gamo of TSPO - 2003
 "Lies" (Big Bang song), 2007
Ranong and Bang Rin have town (thesaban mueang) status.
Hat Bang Ben (หาดบางเบน) is a long sandy beach shaded by pine trees where the national park headquarters is located.
Hat Praphat or Hat Hin Thung (หาดประพาส หรือ หาดหินทุ่ง) Similar to Hat Bang Ben, Hat Praphat is a large beach shaded by pine trees.
 Alive (Big Bang album) or the title song, 2012
 Alive (Big Bang EP) or the title song, 2012
In Fortnite, Sun Wukong appears as a playable character as part of the Wukong set, which comprises the character, his Jingu Bang, and Royale Flags.
On 31 March 2014, Wogan was a guest reporter on Bang Goes the Theory, on which he discussed old-age dementia.
This is a book that clatters around in a dark closet of irrelevancies for 450 pages before it bumps accidentally into its index and stops; but that is not a criticism, either, because its author finds it gratifying and refreshing to bang unrelated facts together as a rebuke to stuffy minds.
Moreover, with Jagger, he designed the elaborate stages for tours, first contributing to the lotus-shaped design of the Tour of the Americas, as well as the Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle Tour, the Bridges to Babylon Tour, the Licks Tour, and the A Bigger Bang Tour.
They were buggering about, writing songs, and when I was ready I went down and that was it, A Bigger Bang.
She also guest-starred in an episode of CBS' comedy The Big Bang Theory
The three highest peaks of this reserve are the Khao Prathiu (), Khao Bang Pae , and Khao Phara .
To the north of Patong are Kamala Beach, Surin Beach, and Bang Tao Beach.
Travis and Hunter drive to Houston, while Hunter recounts the Big Bang and the origins of Earth.
 November 6 and 8, 2005: The Rolling Stones A Bigger Bang Tour concert.
Bang Chan (born 1997), member of the South Korean boy band Stray Kids
On September 30, 2021, a Boeing 747-400 (N741CK) operated as Flight K4330 from Leipzig (Germany) to East Midlands, EN (UK), landed on East Midlands' runway 27 when shortly after touchdown and after engaging spoilers and reverse thrust the #3 engine suffered a compressor stall and emitted a loud bang with flames.
Bankrod ||  || Bang Lamung District, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Thorne played himself in the episode of The Big Bang Theory entitled "The Laureate Accumulation", episode 18 of season 12.
The series was released on VHS in dubbed and subtitled versions in 1999 to coincide with the Gundam Big Bang Project.
The standard Big Bang model is usually supplemented with cosmic inflation.
Hugenberg named Paul Bang, the economic expert of the Pan-German League, as the state secretary (the number two man) in the Economics ministry.
Bang was noted for his "autarkic ideas and racist fanaticism", and proved more interested in anti-Semitic laws than in the economy.
Alonso has done business with Banco Santander, Cajastur, TAG Heuer, Europcar, Silestone, Liberbank, ING, Chandon, Adidas, and Bang & Olufsen.
He was a descendant of Xiahou Ying, who served under the Han dynasty's founding emperor, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao).
Despite the fact that such objects are permitted theoretically, they are not taken as seriously as black holes by physicists, since there would be no processes that would naturally lead to their formation; they could exist only if they were built into the initial conditions of the Big Bang.
Some researchers have proposed that when a black hole forms, a Big Bang may occur at the core/singularity, which would create a new universe that expands outside of the parent universe.
The Big Bang was a nonsingular Big Bounce at which the observable universe had a finite, minimum scale factor.
A 2012 paper argues that the Big Bang itself is a white hole.
 End of Black Hole Is Starting of Big Bang – Discussed in Newsgroup in 1999
(2004), "Peterotica" episode of Family Guy (2006), SpongeBob SquarePants (2007), and The Big Bang Theory (2009).
The Bang Nara is the main river and enters the Gulf of Thailand at the town of Narathiwat.
He also continued to compose music, including the comic opera Castle Bang (1894) and the sketches The Ibsenite Drama (1895) and Do We Enjoy Our Holidays?
In the Toonami Asia dub produced by Bang Zoom!
In English localizations, Videl is voiced by Moneca Stori in the Ocean dub, Kara Edwards in the Funimation dub, and Erika Harlacher in the Bang Zoom!
In some areas like Phutthaisong District, there is the Bang Fai traditional rocket dance, Khao Phansa, at the beginning of Buddhist Lent and Loi Krathong.
From 1993 to 1997, Antarctic Press published several translated manga series, including Vampire Miyu and several miniseries by Ippongi Bang and her studio, Studio DoDo.
Songwriters would literally bang on the doors of Tin Pan Alley businesses to get new material.
They returned to Florida, with three shows in Miami, Orlando and St. Augustine, for the first time since they were cut off stage early during the November 2006 Bang Music Festival show.
Theoretical investigations have revealed that quark stars might not only be produced from neutron stars and powerful supernovae, they could also be created in the early cosmic phase separations following the Big Bang.
He watched the performances of the Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show and the Rolling Stones on Hollywood Palace in 1964, and referred to the former as "The Big Bang of Rock n' Roll".
In the reign of King Rama II, a new city was established at the mouth of the I Rom Canal known as Muang Bang Nang Rom.
Sometimes astrophysicists distinguish between the visible universe, which includes only signals emitted since recombination (when hydrogen atoms were formed from protons and electrons and photons were emitted)—and the observable universe, which includes signals since the beginning of the cosmological expansion (the Big Bang in traditional physical cosmology, the end of the inflationary epoch in modern cosmology).
Some parts of the universe are too far away for the light emitted since the Big Bang to have had enough time to reach Earth or space-based instruments, and therefore lie outside the observable universe.
This is the distance that a photon emitted shortly after the Big Bang, such as one from the cosmic microwave background, has travelled to reach observers on Earth.
The galaxy's light now observable on Earth would have begun to emanate from its source about 750 million years after the Big Bang.
 "Retribution", by Thunder from Bang!, 2008
 Bang Bo, Ky Lua and the retreat from Lạng Sơn 
Several French officers had already commented scathingly on his performance during the Lạng Sơn campaign and at Bang Bo, where he had badly bungled an attack on the Chinese positions.
Killed in action at Bang Bo, 24 March 1885 
This is because the lack of symmetry gave the possibility of matter-antimatter imbalance which would allow matter to exist today through the Big Bang.
It was created for the Gundam Big Bang 20th Anniversary celebration, and is the eighth installment in the Gundam franchise.
BANG called for a boycott of the film.
Indeed, with a story of smuggled uranium as a backdrop, "[t]he romantic pairing of Grant and Bergman promised a box office bang comparable to an atomic blast."
In the episode "Spanish Fry" of the same show, Lrrr says, "One of these days, Ndnd, bang!
I'm attaching an allegory to the Big Bang.
 Amy Farrah Fowler, a character in the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory
Cosmology: 8 is roughly the number of Planck time intervals since the universe is theorised to have been created in the Big Bang 13.799 ± 0.021 billion years ago.
Mathematics: , order of magnitude of an upper bound that occurred in a proof of Skewes (this was later estimated to be closer to 1.397 × 10316).Cosmology: The estimated number of Planck time units for quantum fluctuations and tunnelling to generate a new Big Bang is estimated to be .
She also had a guest role on the season two of the TV series Comedy Bang!
Some of the places where plasma cosmology supporters are most at odds with standard explanations include the need for their models to have light element production without Big Bang nucleosynthesis, which, in the context of Alfvén–Klein cosmology, has been shown to produce excessive X-rays and gamma rays beyond that observed.
The acoustic peaks in the early universe are fit with high accuracy by the predictions of the Big Bang model, and, to date, there has never been an attempt to explain the detailed spectrum of the anisotropies within the framework of plasma cosmology or any other alternative cosmological model.
 Wright, E. L. "Errors in The Big Bang Never Happened".
McCarver: Started with a bang!
On September 21, 2010, after much build up by the group since January, the band released Bang, their first full scale studio album since 2002, in digital format via iTunes, Amazon.com, and their website; physical CDs became available on October 21.
The band released two music videos of original music on YouTube in 2013: "Pretty Much You" from Motown & More on May 21, 2013, and "4U4Now4Life" from Bang on September 10, 2013.
Some bimetric theories of the universe propose that two parallel universes with an opposite arrow of time may exist instead of one, linked together by the Big Bang and interacting only through gravitation.
); August 21, 2017; BanG Dream!
In 1998, Bang on a Can performed the album live.
Arrangements of the album performed by the Bang on a Can All-Stars were made into a video filmed and edited by Frank Scheffer, entitled Music For Airports / In The Ocean
In 2011, the double disc Died in the Wool was released as variations on the 2009 release Manafon with the addition of six new pieces, including collaborations with composer Dai Fujikura, producers Jan Bang and Erik Honoré, and a roster of contemporary musicians and improvisers.
In addition to curating the events of the festival, Sylvian performed both compositions from the Holger Czukay-collaborated album Plight & Premonition, backed by John Tilbury, Jan Bang, Phillip Jeck, Eivind Aarset, Erik Honoré, and Arve Henriksen.
The release, a 15-minute long composition, was composed based on improvisations by Sylvian and Jan Bang – with contributions by Otomo Yoshihide and Toshimaru Nakamura – and was recorded in a schoolhouse in Norway.
The total amount of baryonic dark matter can be inferred from models of Big Bang nucleosynthesis, and observations of the cosmic microwave background.
Family background and marriage to Liu Bang 
Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han), then a minor patrol officer (), went there bringing a single cent and said, "I offer 10,000 coins."
Xiao He told Lü Wen that Liu Bang was not serious, but Liu ignored him and chatted with Lü.
Liu Bang later participated in the rebellion against the Qin Dynasty under the insurgent Chu kingdom, nominally ruled by King Huai II.
Liu Bang was named "King of Han" and given the lands in the remote Bashu region (in present-day Sichuan) as his domain.
Later that year, Liu Bang attacked and seized the Three Qins (three kingdoms covering the Guanzhong region) directly north of his own fief.
In the eighth lunar month, Liu Bang sent his followers Wang Xi () and Xue Ou () to meet Wang Ling () in Nanyang and fetch his family.
In the summer of 205 BC, Liu Bang took advantage of the situation when Xiang Yu was occupied with suppressing rebellions in the Qi kingdom to attack and capture Western Chu's capital Pengcheng.
In the autumn of 203 BC, Liu Bang and Xiang Yu came to a temporary reconciliation, known as the Treaty of Hong Canal, which divided China into west and east under their Han and Western Chu domains respectively.
Liu Bang later renounced the truce and attacked Xiang Yu, eventually defeating the latter at the Battle of Gaixia in 202 BC and unifying China under his rule.
Husband: Liu Bang, Emperor Gaozu of Han.
They say Cole Porter had to bang his cane into his foot in order not to laugh out loud when she sang.
He was in the public eye, and everything had to be done with a flourish and with a bang.
Don Mueang International Airport is served by the SRT Dark Red Line at Don Mueang railway station that connects with Bang Sue Grand Station, it publicly opened in November 2021.
Known as "The Triple-Breasted Whore of Eroticon Six", Eccentrica Gallumbits, the author of The Big Bang Theory – A Personal View, is mentioned in all six of the novels.
The newsreader quotes Eccentrica describing Zaphod as "The best bang since the Big One."
", which the great computer dismisses because he has already "contemplated the very vectors of the atoms in the Big Bang itself".
The songs included "Tie Me Kangaroo Down Sport" (originally by Rolf Harris), "The Laughing Policeman" and Tommy Steele's "Flash Bang Wallop".
The Physics Book: From the Big Bang to Quantum Resurrection.
The cosmologist George Gamow produced critical work on the Big Bang theory at GWU in the 1930s and 1940s.
 Saya Yamabuki, drummer of the band Poppin'Party from the BanG Dream!
A PC bang  (Korean: PC방; literally "PC room") is a type of LAN gaming center in South Korea, where patrons can play multiplayer computer games for an hourly fee.
The origin of PC bang starts with 전자 카페('jeonja kape', which literally translates to 'electronic cafe') in South Korea opened in March 1988, which was then closed in 1991.
Many popular Korean multiplayer games provide players with incentives which encourage them to play from a PC bang.
PC bang industry has created a culture that is participated in by most youth in South Korea.
Gamers have turned the PC bang into a socialization facility, becoming a huge part in the lives of the Korean youth today.
Because of the competitive and youthful nature of the average PC bang user, many of these players use tools like aimbots to gain the upper edge in Overwatch matches as to show off to friends.
While Blizzard does ban accounts from using these types of hacks, PC bang users can quickly make a new Battle.net account and jump back into the game, using the same tools.
SCE-104  Cursive - Big Bang digital single
Before them were the Wheelers, who were themselves preceded by increasingly alien races extending all the way back to the Big Bang.
(N Vietnam: Cao Bang Province) (includes P. delicatum)
Between 2007 and 2016, it was also recorded near wetlands outside protected areas in Phitsanulok Province, Bang Khun Thian District, Samut Sakhon Province, Phetchaburi and Songkhla Provinces, and near a mangrove site in Pattani.
 Big Bang (1986) (TV), as Janek
An overly taut or loose tie-line can damage boats by pulling them out of the water or allowing them so much leeway that they bang forcefully against the sides of the pier.
Since returning to Australia in 1994, Kats-Chernin has written several operas, two piano concertos and compositions for many performers and ensembles, including The Seymour Group, The Song Company, the Sydney Alpha Ensemble, Dame Evelyn Glennie, Bang on a Can All-Stars, Chamber Made Opera, the Australian Chamber Orchestra and the Sydney Symphony Orchestra.
Bang!, The Spoils Before Dying and 7 Days in Hell.
In February 2016, West guest-starred as himself on the 200th episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Another label with the same name was a short-lived subsidiary of American Bang Records.
Sheldon Cooper from The Big Bang Theory quotes Peter's declaration of love to Mary Jane from the 2002 film on a date with Amy.
The principal contributors to Danish literature are undoubtedly Hans Christian Andersen (1805–1875) with his fairy tales, the philosopher Søren Kierkegaard (1813–1855), storyteller Karen Blixen (1885–1962), playwright Ludvig Holberg (1684–1754), and modern authors such as Henrik Pontoppidan and Herman Bang.
Bang Heads Here, Suffering Bastards!
 Cosmic microwave background, "relic radiation" from the Big Bang
Graham often produces difficult and ingenious plans to solve the concert party's problems, but these plans never seem to work and often result in him saying "Oh well, bang goes that theory."
Marysa Demoor (2001), "'Not with a bang but a whimper': Lucy Clifford's Correspondence, 1919–1929", The Cambridge Quarterly, Volume 30, Issue 3, 1 September 2001, pp.
 "Ego" (Big Bang song), 2012
Phichit, Taphan Hin and Bang Mun Nak have town (thesaban mueang) status.
Han Xin was made a "Prince" or "King of Han" () by Liu Bang after the establishment of the Han dynasty ().
followed by a loud bang.
Because light from hydrogen atoms in distant galaxies may reach the earth after having traveled across space for billions of years, in effect one can do such observations covering periods of time almost all the way back to the Big Bang, and they show that the laws of physics have always been the same.
2015: In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Bachelor Party Corrosion" Raj, Howard and Leonard sing a modified version of the song called, "We Will Percussive Shock You" and Sheldon burst out singing the first verse of the original song, which he then credited to his eidetic memory, mentioned that in this instance it was a 'curse.'
During the approach from the North Hutton offshore platform, a loud bang was heard, followed by severe vibration.
The Hawking singularity theorem is based on the Penrose theorem and it is interpreted as a gravitational singularity in the Big Bang situation.
Hawking's singularity theorem is for the whole universe, and works backwards in time: it guarantees that the (classical) Big Bang has infinite density.
Earlier forms of email addresses for other networks than the Internet included other notations, such as that required by X.400, and the UUCP bang path notation, in which the address was given in the form of a sequence of computers through which the message should be relayed.
They continued to record through the 1960s for Bert Berns' labels Bang and Shout, and later for RCA, but with little success.
Bang & Olufsen, an electronics company
One of his earliest roles came as a ballplayer in the baseball drama, Bang the Drum Slowly (1973), with Robert De Niro.
In addition to this, she appeared at the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 as the central feature of Germany's entry, Miss Kiss Kiss Bang by Alex Swings, Oscar Sings.
Similarly, physical laws are in general symmetric to the flipping of time direction, but near the Big Bang (i.e.
Under this view, all the arrows of time are a result of our relative proximity in time to the Big Bang, and the special circumstances that existed then.
Consequently, Jeju islanders staged several major uprisings, including the Kang Je Geom Rebellion (1862), Bang Seong Chil Rebellion (1898), and the Lee Jae Su Rebellion (1901).
The Lemonheads recorded two other songs from the album, a version of "Home Is Where You're Happy" appeared on the 1988 album Creator and Evan Dando reappropriated some of the lyrics and melody of "Big Iron Door" into his song "Clang Bang Clang" (later re-recorded as "Left for Dead", which appears on the group's 1990 album Lovey).
She is an 11-time Emmy Award nominee, and her other television credits include 3rd Rock from the Sun, The Norm Show, Frasier, Desperate Housewives, Horace and Pete, and The Big Bang Theory.
 Mayim Bialik – Israeli-American actress (The Big Bang Theory, Blossom) and neuroscientist
 Kaley Cuoco – actress (The Big Bang Theory)
 Simon Helberg – actor and comedian (The Big Bang Theory)
Dr. Sheldon Cooper (The Big Bang Theory) – theoretical physicist at Caltech
 Dr. Leonard Hofstadter (The Big Bang Theory) – experimental physicist at Caltech
 Howard Wolowitz (The Big Bang Theory) – aerospace engineer at Caltech
Denison continues his work, tapping into a third parallel universe that is in a pre-Big Bang state (called "cosmic egg" or "cosmeg"), where physical laws are totally opposite to those of Dua's universe.
Schroeder, though, states in an earlier book, Genesis and the Big Bang, that the Earth and solar system is some "4.5 to 5 billion years" old and also states in a later book, The Science of God, that the Sun is 4.6 billion years old.
2310, a huntsman crossed over the Mekong and arrived along the right bank at the mouth of the stream Bang Muk (บังมุก), where he discovered a discarded realm complete with a monastery and seven sugar palms on the nearby riverbank.
He found the area much better than the territories along the left side of the Mekong, and moreover at the mouth of the Bang Muk was an abundance of fish.
He led his people from Baan Luang Phonsim to establish a settlement on the right bank at the mouth of Bang Muk.
Kenny candidly describes the predicament of the beginning of the universe, which both atheists and agnostics face, writing, "According to the Big Bang Theory, the whole matter of the universe began at a particular time in the remote past.
 "Top", a song by Fredo Bang
 Zhang Liang (died 186 BC), adviser to Liu Bang (founding emperor of the Han dynasty).
Philips models were re-badged as Pye and ITT, amongst others, and even re-skinned as Bang & Olufsen, whilst Grundig models were re-badged as Siemens.
On average and mode, use of a PC bang computer is priced at around 1,000 won per hour (about $0.88 USD).
 The Big Bang Theory (Episode 65, September 2010)
In 202 BC, when they were besieged in the Battle of Gaixia by the force of Liu Bang (founder of the Han Dynasty), Consort Yu committed suicide; according to folklore, poppies grew out of the ground where Consort Yu fell, and P. rhoeas thus became a symbol of loyalty unto death.
 The Saint: The Big Bang 
Defeated and Killed by Liu Bang.
The transcript was probably composed around 195BC before its burial, as the text tend to avoid using the word bang (邦), the personal name of Emperor Gao of Han, to circumvent naming taboo.
The company emerged from bankruptcy and repositioned itself as a manufacturer of high-end "lifestyle systems" in the same manner as Bang & Olufsen.
This American Life was referenced in a 2018 episode of The Big Bang Theory.
George Gamow, who called this effect "mock gravity", proposed in 1949 that after the Big Bang the temperature of electrons dropped faster than the temperature of background radiation.
Absorption of radiation lead to a Lesage mechanism between electrons, which might have had an important role in the process of galaxy formation shortly after the Big Bang.
Other artists from Philadelphia include Jill Scott, The Roots, Eve, Cassidy, Chiddy Bang, Da Youngsta's, Tuff Crew, Beanie Sigel, Freeway, Jedi Mind Tricks, Lil Uzi Vert, Meek Mill (had a #1 album on Billboard 200 in 2018), Ms. Jade, Reef the Lost Cauze, Schoolly D, The High & Mighty, and Young Gunz.
Lang has worked as voice director for clients including Cartoon Network, EWAM, Sony, Bang Zoom!
In this biography he described Liu as an offspring of Liu Bang, founder and first emperor of the Han Dynasty, and hinted that Liu himself could set up his own empire as his ancestor did.
Xiang Yu gave King Huai II of Chu the title of Emperor of Chu (楚義帝) or The Righteous Emperor of Southern Chu (南楚義帝) and awarded the rest of his allies, including Liu Bang,  titles and a place to administer.
Xiang Yu gave Liu Bang the Principality of Han, and he would soon replace him as the ruler of China.
The founder of the Han dynasty, Liu Bang, continued to use the title Huangdi.
In 2013, Queens College was ranked #2 nationally in Washington Monthly's "Best Bang For Your Buck" college guide.
 KerPlunk, a nickname given to the sculpture B of the Bang
In 2011, a bat'leth was used in American situation comedy The Big Bang Theory episode "The Zarnecki Incursion".
Seth also provided an alternative creation myth to that of the Big Bang or Intelligent Design.
The magazine stated in February 1994 that Terror of the Catacombs''s "Playability is good, almost addictive, and offers bang for the buck in spite of its lackluster" EGA graphics.
The Standard Model of electroweak interactions has all the necessary ingredients for successful baryogenesis, although these interactions have never been observed and may be insufficient to explain the total baryon number of the observed universe if the initial baryon number of the universe at the time of the Big Bang is zero.
Back with a Bang (1982) (Rock-O-Rama)
Nüwa is featured within the famed Ming dynasty novel Fengshen Bang.
People originally settled by the Bang Pakong River and along canals.
Most people have settled by the Bang Pakong River and along canals.
The western part of the province is the low river plain of the Bang Pa Kong River, which is used extensively for farming rice.
The provincial slogan is "The bountiful Bang Pakong River, the sacred Buddha image of Luangpho Sothon, Phraya Si Sunthon the scholar of Thai language, and the pristine Ang Rue Nai Forest."
Disputed usage: The party literally went off with a bang.
Craig also appeals to various physical theories to support the argument's second premise, such as the standard Big Bang model of cosmic origins and certain implications of the second law of thermodynamics.
Theism, Atheism, and Big Bang Cosmology (with Quentin Smith).
In 2003, the group released their first single, "Boom Bang Bombay", under the name Custerd.
"I felt that those eight songs were a bang in the face, left you wanting more, and I thought that the recorded versions of the other songs that were on the Purple Tape were not that great."
Therefore, many novels, movies, plays, and television programs employ roommates as a basic principle or a plot device (such as the popular series Friends or The Big Bang Theory).
In the TV series The Big Bang Theory, Raj Koothrappali drinks Brandy Alexander in a pub.
In 2014, the Comedy Bang!
The province is divided into two major parts, the low river valley of the Bang Pakong River, and the higher lands with plateaus and mountains of the Sankamphaeng Range, the southern prolongation of the Dong Phaya Yen mountains.
After removing all potential sources of noise, including pigeon droppings on the antenna, the noise was finally identified as CMB, which served as important corroboration of the Big Bang theory.
Along with Robert Woodrow Wilson, he discovered the cosmic microwave background radiation, which helped establish the Big Bang theory of cosmology.
The pair agreed with Dicke to publish side-by-side letters in the Astrophysical Journal, with Penzias and Wilson describing their observations and Dicke suggesting the interpretation as the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB), the radio remnant of the Big Bang.
After the 1991 EP Thank You World, Wallinger recruited guitarist David Catlin-Birch and ex-Icicle Works drummer Chris Sharrock as fully-fledged members for 1993's album Bang!.
Following the success of Bang!
Wallinger also wrote the original music for "Don't Bang the Drum" (the opening track for This Is the Sea).
World Party has gone on to release four more well-received albums – Goodbye Jumbo (1990), Bang!
Route 340 passes through Suphan Buri, leading north to Chai Nat and south to Bang Bua Thong.
Route 329 leads east to Bang Pahan.
Guerra set records for the highest-grossing music tour when he opened for The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour at their San Juan, Puerto Rico show in February 2006.
In the 2003 edition of The Best 345 Colleges, the Princeton Review named Brooklyn College as the most beautiful campus in the country, and ranked it fifth in the nation for “Best Academic Bang for the Buck.”
The scientific model concerned with the origin of the first organisms from organic or inorganic molecules is known as abiogenesis, and the prevailing theory for explaining the early development of our universe is the Big Bang model.
On May 12, 2012, CBS renewed Two and a Half Men for a 10th season, moving it to Thursday nights at 8:30 pm, following The Big Bang Theory.
The show is credited as being the reason The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly and Mom were all made.
Viewers saw her bang her head as she was spun on the ice during rehearsals, illustrating the danger of some of the moves they were attempting.
Ziying soon killed Zhao Gao and surrendered to Liu Bang one year later.
The only title licensed for Funimation Channel which was not licensed by Funimation, neither Viz Media, nor Nozomi Entertainment or Central Park Media was Haré+Guu, which was licensed for North American distribution by AN Entertainment and Bang Zoom!
Visits to RadioShack are a frequent plot point in the Young Sheldon series, building off allusions to childhood visits made by the character Sheldon Cooper in its parent series, The Big Bang Theory.
In the case of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, its syndication, particularly on TBS, is one of the reasons attributed for a rise in first-run ratings for its sixth season.
Johnny Galecki, actor, Roseanne, The Big Bang Theory
 Bang on a Can Marathon
In the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory and its prequel series Young Sheldon, Sheldon calls his grandmother Meemaw, and she in turn calls him Moon Pie.
There are also three- and four-pin versions of this loudspeaker connector, used for example by Bang & Olufsen.
In terms of comoving distance, the particle horizon is equal to the conformal time  that has passed since the Big Bang, times the speed of light .
where  is the scale factor of the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric, and we have taken the Big Bang to be at .
The concept of a particle horizon can be used to illustrate the famous horizon problem, which is an unresolved issue associated with the Big Bang model.
On 9 July 1995 as part of the Voodoo Lounge Tour, 6 June 1999 for the Bridges to Babylon Tour, and again on 27 August 2006 during the A Bigger Bang tour.
For example, ba is written ba (one letter); bi is written ba.i (i follows the consonant); bang is written baŋ (ŋ is above the consonant); and bing is baŋ.i.
Inflation suggests that if they exist, axions would be created abundantly during the Big Bang.
Axions would also have stopped interaction with normal matter at a different moment after the Big Bang than other more massive dark particles.
Writing for Entertainmentwise, Georgina Littlejohn believes Rachel inspired the character Penny in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, noting that the characters, both waitresses, are "blonde, cute, funny, likeable girls-next-door".
Before then, it was assumed that the Big Bang implied only an acceptance of the weaker cosmological principle, which holds that isotropy and homogeneity apply spatially but not temporally.
Anthony Chau of IGN called it one of the best Sonic games: "If this is the last Sonic game in these declining Dreamcast years, it's satisfying to know that the DC didn't go out with a bang, but with a sonic boom."
Reber was not a believer of the big bang theory; he believed that red shift was due to repeated absorption and re-emission or interaction of light and other electromagnetic radiations by low density dark matter, over intergalactic distances, and he published an article called "Endless, Boundless, Stable Universe", which outlined his theory.
Emperor Gaozu of Han (256 – 1 June 195 BC), born Liu Bang () with courtesy name Ji (季), was the founder and first emperor of the Han dynasty, reigning in 202–195 BC.
Liu Bang was one of the few dynasty founders in Chinese history who was born into a peasant family.
Prior to coming to power, Liu Bang initially served for the Qin dynasty as a minor law enforcement officer in his home town Pei County, within the conquered state of Chu.
With the First Emperor's death and the Qin Empire's subsequent political chaos, Liu Bang renounced his civil service position and became an anti-Qin rebel leader.
Within the year, Liu Bang broke out with his army and conquered the Three Qins, starting a civil war known as the Chu–Han Contention as various forces battled for supremacy over China.
In 202 BC, Liu Bang emerged victorious following the Battle of Gaixia, unified most of China under his control, and established the Han dynasty with himself as the founding emperor.
During his reign, Liu Bang reduced taxes and corvée, promoted Confucianism, and suppressed revolts by the lords of non-Liu vassal states, among many other actions.
Liu Bang was born during the late years of the Warring States period; his parents' are only remembered as "Liu Taigong" (劉太公; lit.
Liu Bang forged close relationships with most of the local county bureaucrats, and earned a small reputation in the district.
Liu Bang was made "Marquis of Wu'an" () and ordered to lead an army against Guanzhong in the Qin heartland.
In 206 BC, Liu Bang won the race to Guanzhong over Xiang and arrived outside Xianyang, the Qin capital.
Liu Bang escaped Xiang Yu's camp after pretending to go to the latrine, and then led his army westward.
Liu Bang also grew temperamental, as he was very unhappy with his own predicament.
One night, rumor arrived that Xiao He also disappeared, and Liu Bang almost had a nervous breakdown.
When Xiao He returned the following morning, Liu Bang furiously confronted him and demanded an explanation.
Xiao He then introduced Liu Bang to Han Xin, who laid out his strategic plan to conquer the states.
Under Han Xin's advise, Liu Bang sent men to pretend trying to repair the previously burnt gallery roads, drawing away the attention of the Three Qins.
Following that, Sima Xin and Dong Yi both surrendered to Liu Bang, and by 205 BC the Three Qins became part of Liu's Kingdom of Han.
With Xiang Yu occupied to the east, Liu Bang collected a force of 560,000 troops from his subordinate lands, and marched east to attack Western Chu.
As opposed to combining forces, Liu Bang sent Peng Yue's 30,000 troops to pacify the surrounding area.
His family had all fled, but Liu Bang encountered on the road his eldest daughter and second eldest son Liu Ying.
Many of the kings who had surrendered to Liu Bang earlier had also defected to Xiang Yu's side.
Upon reaching Xiayi (下邑; east of present-day Dangshan County, Suzhou, Anhui), which was defended by his brother-in-law, Liu Bang reorganised his troops for a retreat.
Ying Bu, who held a grudge over Xiang Yu's unfair enfeoffment over the Eighteen Kingdoms, agreed to join Liu Bang and rebelled against Western Chu.
On another front, Ying Bu was unable to defeat Long Ju so he gave up on Jiujiang and went to join Liu Bang.
Liu Bang reorganised his army, which now included reinforcements from Guanzhong (sent by Xiao He) and Han Xin's troops, and attacked Chu at Jing County (京縣; around present-day Xingyang, Zhengzhou, Henan) and Suoting (索亭; near present-day Xingyang, Henan).
Liu Bang negotiated for an armistice with Xiang Yu and agreed to cede the lands east of Xingyang to Western Chu.
Liu Bang heeded Chen Ping's suggestion to bribe Xiang Yu's men with 40,000 catties of gold for them to spread rumours that Fan Zeng had the intention of betraying Xiang Yu.
Xiang Yu had no choice but to request to make peace with Liu Bang and released Liu's family members, who were held hostage by him.
In 203 BC, while Xiang Yu was retreating eastward, Liu Bang, acting on the advice of Zhang Liang and Chen Ping, renounced the Treaty of Hong Canal and ordered an attack on Western Chu.
However, Han Xin and Peng Yue did not mobilise their troops and Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at Guling (固陵; south of present-day Taikang County, Zhoukou, Henan), and was forced to retreat and reinforce his defences.
Three months later in 202 BC, Han forces led by Liu Bang, Han Xin and Peng Yue attacked Western Chu from three directions.
The Song of the Great Wind was a song composed by Liu Bang in 195 BC when he visited his hometown in Pei County after suppressing Ying Bu's rebellion.
After some drinks, Liu Bang played the guqin and sang the Song of the Great Wind.
Liu Bang is one of the 32 historical figures who appear as special characters in the video game Romance of the Three Kingdoms XI by Koei.
He was the second son of Emperor Gaozu (Liu Bang, of the Liu family), the first Han emperor, and Empress Lü from the powerful Lü clan (House of Lü).
In 205 BC, Liu Bang appeared to be near total victory, having captured Xiang's capital of Pengcheng.
Liu Bang was well aware of the reputation of these four sages, and when he became emperor Gao, the four refused his ardent entreaties to assume positions of importance in his newly established government.
 col pugno  With the fist (e.g.,  bang the piano with the fist)
The first relocation was to the west of the Noi River (south of Sing Sutthara Temple) and later moved to Pak Bang Krathong, Ton Pho subdistrict.
In 1896 the city was moved to its final destination in Bang Phutsa subdistrict.
In 1917 Mueang district changed its name to Bang Phutsa district.
So Bang Phutsa district uses the name Mueang Sing Buri until today.
The provincial seal presents the history of Khai Bang Rachan.
When the Burmese attacked Ayutthaya in 1765, 11 leaders with villagers from Bang Rachan fought the army when it stopped north of Ayutthaya.
Old seal was created in 1940, shows the fort Khai Bang Rachan.
Sing Buri and Bang Rachan have town (thesaban mueang) status.
The Nonesuch album was released by lang and the Siss Boom Bang in a spring 2011 release.
Sing It Loud with The Siss Boom Bang (2011)
Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han) sent Fan Kuai and Zhou Bo to put down the rebellion, and they captured and executed Zang Tu.
The tank exploded, and the outrush of energy started "Event One" – the Big Bang – and hurled Terminus billions of years into the future.
These equations are the basis of the standard Big Bang cosmological model including the current ΛCDM model.
Because the FLRW model assumes homogeneity, some popular accounts mistakenly assert that the Big Bang model cannot account for the observed lumpiness of the universe.
He met Liu Bang during his journey and was impressed with Liu's charisma that he changed his decision and joined Liu instead.
Later that year, Xiang Liang was killed in action at the Battle of Dingtao and King Huai II put Xiang Yu (Xiang Liang's nephew) and Liu Bang each in charge of an army to attack Qin, promising that whoever entered Guanzhong (heartland of Qin) first would be conferred the title of "King of Guanzhong".
In 207 BC, the combined forces of Liu Bang and Han Cheng conquered Yangzhai (present-day Yuzhou City, Henan), the former capital of the Hán state.
Han Cheng stayed behind to defend Yangzhai, while Zhang Liang served as a temporary advisor to Liu Bang.
Liu Bang wanted to accept the surrendered Qin troops into his army but Zhang Liang cautioned him, saying that some of the troops were unwilling to surrender even though their commander agreed.
Upon entering the Epang Palace in Xianyang (the Qin capital), Liu Bang was strongly tempted by the riches it housed and wanted to stay there forever.
Zhang Liang reminded Liu Bang about overindulgence in sensual pleasures and Liu ordered his men to seal the treasures and move to Bashang to wait for Xiang Yu and the other rebel forces to arrive.
During this period of time, Liu Bang heeded Zhang Liang's advice and governed Guanzhong with benevolence, restoring peace and stability, and forbidding his men from pillaging the cities and harming the common people.
Xiang Yu was furious when he learnt that Liu Bang had beat him in the race to Guanzhong, and he wanted to kill Liu after being instigated by Fan Zeng and a defector from Liu's side, Cao Wushang.
Liu Bang was shocked and fearful when he heard that, as his forces were too weak to counter Xiang Yu.
Zhang Liang advised Liu Bang to attend the Feast at Hong Gate hosted by Xiang Yu, to put Xiang off guard and dismiss Xiang's suspicions that Liu was intending to oppose him.
With help from Xiang Bo, Liu Bang managed to survive the dangerous banquet and Xiang Yu dismissed the idea of killing Liu.
However, Fan Zeng was dissatisfied and he asked Xiang Yu's cousin Xiang Zhuang to pretend to perform a sword dance and use the opportunity to kill Liu Bang.
Liu Bang left the banquet later on the pretext of going to the latrine and was received by Xiahou Ying, who had been waiting nearby on Zhang Liang's instruction.
Zhang Liang remained behind to hold Xiang Yu's attention while Liu Bang escaped.
Liu Bang was relocated to the remote Bashu region (in present-day Sichuan) instead and granted the title of "King of Han".
Before parting ways, Liu Bang presented Zhang Liang with some gold and pearls, all of which Zhang gave to Xiang Bo.
Zhang Liang fled from Hán later and returned to join Liu Bang in the winter of 206 BC.
Liu Bang conferred on Zhang Liang the title of "Marquis of Chengxin" and Zhang became a permanent advisor to Liu from that time.
In 205 BC, Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Pengcheng and he retreated to Xiayi.
Zhang Liang proposed a strategy to Liu Bang to counter Xiang Yu, known as the "Xiayi Plan" ().
In 204 BC, Liu Bang was trapped by Xiang Yu in Xingyang and both sides reached a stalemate.
Li Yiji suggested to Liu Bang to recreate the former states of the Warring States period and install the descendants of their royal families on their respective thrones.
This plan was intended to help Liu Bang gain the support of the vassal states' rulers, who would help him in the war against Xiang Yu.
Liu Bang realised the problem and immediately dismissed Li Yiji's plan.
Zhang Liang reminded Liu Bang that if he refused to approve Han Xin's request, Han might be discontented and declare independence from Liu, putting them in a dangerous situation.
Liu Bang reluctantly agreed and sent Zhang Liang to pass the king's seal to Han Xin.
Zhang Liang met Han Xin and succeeded in reaffirming Han's loyalty to Liu Bang.
By late 203 BC, Zhang Liang saw that the tide had turned in favour of Liu Bang, as Xiang Yu had been surrounded on three sides.
However, at the Battle of Guling, Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu because the expected reinforcements from Han Xin and Peng Yue did not arrive.
Zhang Liang explained to Liu Bang that Han Xin and Peng Yue did not mobilise their troops because they did not have their fiefs yet, even though they had received their titles of vassal kings.
Liu Bang followed Zhang Liang's advice and granted lands to Han Xin and Peng Yue.
In 202 BC, after his victory over Xiang Yu, Liu Bang ascended the throne and became historically known as "Emperor Gaozu of Han".
Nonthaburi was originally located at Bang Kraso today with Wat Hua Muang (Nowadays is an abandoned temple that the government has used as the location of Phra Nang Klao Hospital) as the northern district and there is a temple at the end of the city as the southern area.
This idea states that “free will” is merely an illusion, and that every action previously taken, currently being taken, or that will take place was destined to happen from the instant of the big bang.
Liu Yuan then proceeded to proclaim himself the "King of Han," the same title used centuries ago by Liu Bang (later Emperor Gao of Han and the founder of Han Dynasty) – a deliberate adoption of the long fallen Han Dynasty based on the earlier intermarriages of Xiongnu shanyu and Han princesses to render the Jin and Wei usurpers.
Barry Scott – Advertising "Cillit Bang Pie Remover" in "Stains" Apparently, he has a "nice shiny tuppence!"
Part four covers the topics of cosmological time, the beginning of time and the events that occurred at the instant of the big bang.
 Horizon: "What Happened Before the Big Bang?"
B of the Bang
He was a younger cousin of Xiahou Dun and a descendant of Xiahou Ying, who served under the Han dynasty's founding emperor, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao).
Bang on, the right age [...] perfect dramatic licence in terms of her sons that she was going to have to share this terrible news with, and how would she share it?
In the Big Bang theory, the universe cools from an initial hot, dense state triggering a series of phase transitions much like what happens in condensed-matter systems such as superconductors.
The province is also home to the Bang Pa-in summer palace complex.
Ayothaya, Bang Ban, Phak Hai and Sena municipalities have town (thesaban mueang) status.
He also appeared on The Big Bang Theory episode "The Herb Garden Germination", as well as the films Frequency and The Last Mimzy.
In April 2011 he appeared on The Big Bang Theory in the episode "The Herb Garden Germination" as himself, speaking to a small crowd about the contents of his most recent book.
It's really weird, because in all reality it was like 'Big Bang Baby' could've been on [the] Talk Show record and 'Everybody Loves My Car' could've been on Tiny Music."
Dr. Stellar of Big Bang Comics has some elements of Starman.
Rodman's visits to North Korea were depicted in the 2015 documentary film Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang.
Niri Giri Wari.Zey Zey ZeyBing Bang Odin.
Payload Specialist Howard Wolowitz from 2007 television series The Big Bang Theory has the unwanted astronaut call sign "Froot Loops" given to him by astronaut Mike Massimino.
A run with lead ions started on 8 November 2010, and ended on 6 December 2010, allowing the ALICE experiment to study matter under extreme conditions similar to those shortly after the Big Bang.
In the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory episode "The Large Hadron Collision" (season 3 episode 15), Leonard is offered a chance to visit the Large Hadron Collider.
Ang Thong is the provenance of Li Ke, the native folk song, and the hometown of Nai Dok and Nai Thongkaeo, two heroes of the Bang Rachan Battle.
He has also made several uncredited appearances on the TV series The Big Bang Theory.
“A new leaf will be turned over with a bang!” said George Szell, who was named Music Director and Conductor of The Cleveland Orchestra in January 1946.
 "Whiplash / Bang The Floor / Cat & Mouse" (Ninja Tuna, 9 February 2009)
The ARL may also be extended from Phaya Thai to Don Mueang via Bang Sue Grand Station, given that the old Don Mueang International Airport has now been reopened for civil aviation under a dual-airport policy.
 Bang Yong Guk, twin brother
 Jim Parsons (born 1973), Emmy Award-winning actor, The Big Bang Theory
 Braga-Pinto, César, "Clarice Lispector and the Latin American Bang," in Lucille Kerr and Alejandro Herrero-Olaizola (eds).
(born 1990), member of South Korean pop band Big Bang
 Mother Berlin (2014, Bang!
 In My Room (2017, Bang!
From the Big Bang through the present day, matter and dark matter in the universe are thought to have been concentrated in stars, galaxies, and galaxy clusters, and are presumed to continue to do so well into the future.
The 20 billion baht airport would occupy 3,500 rai of land in Bang Len District and Nakhon Chai Si District.
The theme has even been parodied, such as in the soft porn Wham Bang!
 Bang Goes the Budgie (ABC 1985)
 Kiss Bang Love (Seven Network 2016)
It was originally suggested as a phase of the cyclic model or oscillatory universe interpretation of the Big Bang, where the first cosmological event was the result of the collapse of a previous universe.
In this view, one could talk of a Big Crunch followed by a Big Bang, or more simply, a Big Bounce.
It reappeared in 1988 in Iosif Rozental's Big Bang, Big Bounce, a revised English-language translation of a Russian-language book (by a different title), and in a 1991 article (in English) by Priester and Blome in Astronomy and Astrophysics.
(The phrase apparently originated as the title of a novel by Elmore Leonard in 1969, shortly after increased public awareness of the Big Bang model with of the discovery of the cosmic microwave background by Penzias and Wilson in 1965.)
Martin Bojowald, an assistant professor of physics at Pennsylvania State University, published a study in July 2007 detailing work somewhat related to loop quantum gravity that claimed to mathematically solve the time before the Big Bang, which would give new weight to the oscillatory universe and Big Bounce theories.
In 2006, it was proposed that the application of loop quantum gravity techniques to Big Bang cosmology can lead to a bounce that need not be cyclic.
Such an interaction averts the unphysical Big Bang singularity, replacing it with a cusp-like bounce at a finite minimum scale factor, before which the universe was contracting.
A few sources argue that distant supermassive black holes whose large size is hard to explain so soon after the Big Bang, such as ULAS J1342+0928, may be evidence for a Big Bounce, with these supermassive black holes being formed before the Big Bounce.
 What Happened Before the Big Bang?
 Big Bang Observer – proposed LISA successor
Bhumibol Bridge 2 is the one across the southern part of Chao Praya River connecting Song Khanong District and Bang Ya Phraek District.
Nissan produces hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) based on its e-Power technology and batteries for electric vehicles at a plant in Bang Sao Thong district.
When the Burmese led an army to Tambon Bang Kung, the king gathered the people to build a fort and prevent the city from capture by the Burmese troops.
It ended with the accession of Liu Bang, ushering in the Han dynasty and ending the Qin dynasty.
Ram Khamhaeng was a son of Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao, who ruled as Pho Khun Si Inthrathit, and his queen, Sueang, though folk legend claims his real parents were an ogress named Kangli and a fisherman.
1995: Bobby McFerrin's Bang!Zoom (Blue Note)
Many fishermen on the Bang Pakong River, Prachinburi Province, have been persuaded by authorities to stop shrimp fishing in a certain area and 30 to 40 fishing boats have been modified so they can offer dolphin sightseeing tours.
In February 2014, in the episode The Locomotive Manipulation of the TV series The Big Bang Theory, takes place on a train pulled by what is described as an "Alco FA-4".
Upon awakening his , the power of the Saints which is an inner spiritual essence originated in the Big Bang, Seiya quickly becomes the Pegasus Saint and returns to Japan to find his older sister.
On the Big Bang Theory episode "The Santa Simulation", Sheldon sings the song while playing Dungeons & Dragons with Leonard, Howard and Stuart, so that his character in the game can avoid danger.
Many students who do CREST Awards, especially Silver and Gold Awards which require 30 and 70 hours of work respectively, enter competitions like the UK Big Bang Fair.
The XR6 Turbo received Motor magazine's Bang for your Buck 2008 award.
In the autumn of 2010, Körberg and his long-time friend Claes Malmberg gave a show in Gothenburg called The Big Bang Show.
At the same time, the pilots heard a loud bang in their headsets and noticed the plane was losing electrical power.
Future Primetime Emmy Award winners such as Neil Patrick Harris and Jim Parsons also had guest appearances before finding success with CBS shows How I Met Your Mother and The Big Bang Theory, respectively.
The film was produced as part of the "Gundam Big Bang Project", which was a series of works made to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Gundam franchise.
Production on the film began in June 1998 and was intended, along with the Turn-A Gundam television series, to be the centerpiece of the "Gundam Big Bang Project", which was the 20th anniversary celebration for the popular Gundam metaseries.
The round trip took him a little more than an hour but may be seen as the big bang for horseless transport.
After departing from Santa Maria Public Airport, passengers heard a "loud bang," and the aircraft began having engine and hydraulic system problems.
Helium-3 is a primordial isotope that formed in the Big Bang.
His Wudai Weapon is the Big Bang Meteorang, and his elemental Shen Gong Wu is the Longhorn Taurus.
In 2017, Brenner co-organized a seminal lecture series in Singapore describing ten logarithmic scales of time from the Big Bang to the present, spanning the appearance of multicellular life forms, the evolution of humans, and the emergence of language, culture and technology.
Most of ThinkGeek's merchandise is licensed from various science fiction and fantasy media franchises such as Star Wars, Star Trek, Firefly, Marvel Comics, Doctor Who, Minecraft, and The Big Bang Theory.
The bearings would collapse the connecting rod and the piston would fling out through the side of the engine and bang!
A Gorn is shown reading Gorn magazine and sitting in Sheldon's spot in the 2010 The Big Bang Theory season 4 episode "The Apology Insufficiency".
 The Big Bang Theory (2009–present)
In modern understanding, the "ylem" as described by Gamow was the primordial plasma, formed in baryogenesis, which underwent Big Bang nucleosynthesis and was opaque to radiation.
The ylem is what Gamow and colleagues presumed to exist immediately after the Big Bang.
The Big Bang Theory, which is set in Pasadena, features an episode ("The Zarnecki Incursion") where the main characters make a three-hour drive to Carlsbad to confront a World of Warcraft hacker.
 Bang Wong (1994), creative director of the Broad Institute at MIT and Harvard University
 MUSIC REVIEW; Bang on a Can Uptown Cultivates Crossover  By ALLAN KOZINN, The New York Times, May 23, 1995
"The American dream turned belly up, turned green, bobbed to the scummy surface of cupidity unlimited, filled with gas, went bang in the noonday sun," Vonnegut remarks.
 Royal Consort Suk-ui of the Onyang Bang clan (숙의 방씨) (?
Son's son-in-law, Bang Jeonghwan, was also a Cheondoist who became a famous child activist, and founded the Children's Day in Korea.The artist Suh Yong-sun drew a work titled Donghak Peasant Revolution on canvas using acrylic paint.
While he was away he lent Oldfield a two-track Bang & Olufsen Beocord " tape recorder.
In the 1950s and 1960s, Frederik Bang and Jack Levin at the MBL discovered that the blood of the horseshoe crab clotted when exposed to bacterial endotoxins even in vanishingly small amounts.
Because of these two properties, it is the sole Sheldon prime, an homage to Sheldon Cooper, the fictional theoretical physicist on the television show The Big Bang Theory who claimed that 73 is the best number.
The abundance of chemical elements in the universe is dominated by the large amounts of  hydrogen and helium which were produced in the Big Bang.
Thus, the metallicity of a galaxy or other object is an indication of stellar activity after the Big Bang.
The abundance of elements is in keeping with their origin from the Big Bang and nucleosynthesis in a number of progenitor supernova stars.
Roughly speaking, the relative stability of various atomic nuclides has exerted a strong influence on the relative abundance of elements formed in the Big Bang, and during the development of the universe thereafter.
The character Sheldon Cooper, featured in the CBS comedy The Big Bang Theory, is named in part after Leon Cooper.
I have a dream that we'll get back together, so I don't want to bang anyone on the head".
 Bang and Untouchables – Swarthmore College
She subsequently starred in the comedies and dramas: Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010), Hysteria (2011), and Won't Back Down (2012).
In 2010, Gyllenhaal appeared in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang with co-star Emma Thompson, the sequel to the 2005's Nanny McPhee.
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The 43 Peculiarity", Howard and Raj try to solve the mystery of Sheldon disappearing every afternoon to a room with a chalkboard that has the number 43 written on it.
"I remember that when I was very young, people who were homeless - they were called hobos then - would come up and bang on the door and literally ask for a meal.
In 206 BC, Emperor Gaozu Liu Bang established the Han dynasty.
In the third season, it is revealed Richie's passive exposure to the Bang Gas gave him super-intelligence, which enabled him to easily invent rocket-powered boots and "Backpack", a highly intelligent multipurpose device worn on the back capable of surveillance and other semi-independent activities.
A strict but caring and genuinely understanding parent, he dislikes gangs and the destructive attitudes of most Bang Babies, and his work at the community center is motivated by a desire to counteract their bad influence on young people.
Ivan Evans/Ebon (voiced by Gary Anthony Sturgis) – The head of a large group of Bang Babies called "The Meta-Breed" and the series' main antagonist.
Dobson claimed the Big Bang model did not hold up to scrutiny, and instead advocated a non-standard cosmology; a “recycling” Steady State model of the universe, where matter in the universe is forever expanding outward, but matter also “recycles” over time via quantum tunneling.
The differences between the young Earth interpretation of Genesis and modern scientific theories believed by some day-age creationists such as the Big Bang, abiogenesis, and common descent are significant.
Fawcett's earliest magazine was titled Captain Billy's Whiz Bang, which inspired the title Whiz Comics.
The Christmas Album was released in 1997, followed by Bang!
One of the DNVP leaders, Gottfried Traub served as "Minister of Church and Cultural Affairs" in the Kapp's provisional government while Paul Bang of the Pan-German League was going to serve in the provisional government, through he backed out later on 13 March 1920 under the grounds that the putsch was "hopeless".
In his capacity as "economic dictator", Hugenberg named as State Secretary at the Economics Ministry Paul Bang, a man mostly noted for his "autarkic ideals and racist fanaticism" who managed to annoy industry with his strongly protectionist tendencies.
A bō (棒: ぼう), bong (Korean), pang (Cantonese), bang (Mandarin), or kun (Okinawan) is a staff weapon used in Okinawa.
This result provides one of the pieces of evidence that serves to distinguish the Big Bang theory from alternative theories proposed to explain the cosmological redshift.
In 1992 Ziporyn founded the Bang on a Can All Stars, with whom he performed and recorded until 2012.
Earlier that year, he performed a clarinet solo at the First Bang on a Can Marathon in New York.
Commissioned by Rockefeller Multi-Arts Program for I Wayan Wija and Bang on a Can Allstars; premiered October 2001 at MIT Kresge Auditorium, Cambridge, and MassMOCA, North Adams, MA
 Current Rate (1999) 15' – solo Chinese pipa and pre-recorded CD (or two pipa), commissioned and premiered by Wu Man at Bang on a Can Women and Music, Henry Street Settlement
When he discovers heaven (located beyond the Big Bang in negative space), he is killed by a freak meteoroid, sent from heaven by Angel.
Current cosmological models maintain that 13.8 billion years ago, the entire mass of the universe was compressed into a gravitational singularity, a so-called ‘cosmic egg’ from which it 'hatched', expanding to its current state following the Big Bang.
 Mr. Martian, CH'kk Kk'xx (Chuck Cox) – a Big Bang Comics hero
In 2016, Hirsch appeared on the CBS comedy series The Big Bang Theory portraying the father of Johnny Galecki's character, Leonard.
Bang, You're Dead (1954), co-written with Guy Elmes, aka Game Of Danger
The couple announced their intention to divorce in June 2011, throwing "a positive swing bang humdinger" party to commemorate the split.
Bang up to date where it needs to be and reassuringly anachronistic in other areas, it's mightily impressive'
Once flash powder, which produces a significantly sharper and brighter bang, replaced black powder as a firecracker's explosive charge (circa 1924), manufacturers began competing to gain loyalty of typical consumers (that is, mainly boys eight to 16 years old).
Melissa Rauch (born 1980), actress, comedian, Bernadette Rostenkowski on The Big Bang Theory (Marlboro)
 Religious interpretations of the Big Bang theory
Most are pack-inserted, though some of the thicker cards are only available by redemption such as in The Walking Dead (TV series), Smallville and The Big Bang Theory series, all made by Cryptozoic Entertainment.
An investigation by the Office of the Inspector General concluded that Ojeda Ríos initiated the gunfire with the agents and that Ojeda Ríos' wife may have been confused by a non-lethal flash bang outside the house.
She is also creator and former co-host of the CBS daytime talk show The Talk and had a recurring role as Leslie Winkle on CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
From 2007 to 2010, Gilbert appeared in episodes of the CBS TV series The Big Bang Theory as Leslie Winkle, a scientist friend of Leonard Hofstadter played by Johnny Galecki, who had previously played Gilbert's love interest David Healy on Roseanne.
As a teenager, Gilbert dated her Roseanne (and later The Big Bang Theory) co-star Johnny Galecki (their characters also dated).
It was later shown that the process occurs rapidly at extremely high temperatures that would only have been reached shortly after the Big Bang.
It can be shown that this infinite density is actually the density of the universe when at the time of the big bang.
Mazur and Mottola suggest that the violent creation of a gravastar might be an explanation for the origin of our universe and many other universes, because all the matter from a collapsing star would implode "through" the central hole and explode into a new dimension and expand forever, which would be consistent with the current theories regarding the Big Bang.
In the late 1910s, American bacteriologist Alice C. Evans was studying the Bang bacillus and gradually realized that it was virtually indistinguishable from the Bruce coccus.
The Bang bacillus was already known to be enzootic in American dairy cattle, which showed itself in the regularity with which herds experienced contagious abortion.
In 2015, Bif Bang Pow Toys produced and released a new 8" retro action-figure line of Ace and Gary titled the Ambiguously Gay Duo 8" retro action figure series.
That same year, Bif Bang Pow Toys produced the Ambiguously Gay Duo Tin Tote (Lunchbox) action figure set of three 5" action-figures of Ace, Gary, and Bighead.
Han Xin (died 196 BC), late Qin Dynasty military general under Liu Bang, enfeoffed the Marquess of Huaiyin.
The band spent the rest of the year promoting the new album by playing the Warped Tour and gained support from Fall Out Boy, Yellowcard, and Bang Tango during its fall 2003 tour.
In 2000, Touch & Go issued Bang, a CD of 7" tracks and rarities.
Bang (2000, Touch and Go)
George A Bang, of St. Louis was the owner of the Banner Creamery located at Warne and Labadie.
In September 2010 the BBC programme Bang Goes The Theory also attempted to recreate a pykrete boat.
 Royal Astronomical Society, Corrupted echoes from the Big Bang?
Everett Morton formed Beat Goes Bang and recruited vocalist Ross Lydon from 360, bass player Faisal Rashid, and Lukasz Machometa on sax, former member of Citybeats and Urban Groove Syndicate.
 to search for light from the first stars and galaxies that formed in the universe after the Big Bang
JWST's infrared capabilities are expected to let it see back in time to the first galaxies forming just a few hundred million years after the Big Bang.
While they didn't win, they did return in 2001 with a bang.
In Jamaica people may bang lids and pot covers together during celebratory events such as a victory at the Olympic Games or the Miss World competitions.
Danish veterinarian Bernhard Bang isolates Brucella abortus as the agent of Brucellosis.
In France, Tabitha was known by the codename Big Bang before she changed it to Meltdown.
He claimed that Liu Bang, the first emperor of the Han dynasty, was a descendant of Huangdi.
If he is shown to be correct, much work relating to the Big Bang Theory would be undermined.
According to the Records of the Grand Historian, Qin Shi Huang worshiped Chiyou as the God of War, and Liu Bang worshiped at Chiyou's shrine before his decisive battle against Xiang Yu.
Since 2000, Thirlwell has become more active as a composer, having written commissions for Bang on a Can, League of Electronic Musical Urban Robots, and the Kronos Quartet, and scoring cartoons The Venture Bros. for Adult Swim and Archer for FX.
Police investigations focused on extremist right-wing groups which had been aspiring to "carry out an act that would create a big bang."
These stories are also being published by Baen webscriptions as the Liaden Universe Big Bang consisting of Liaden Unibus I and Liaden Unibus II.
I read a book that said there was an explosion known as the Big Bang, but here it says God created heaven and Earth and the animals in seven days.
Using a bang stick, a close-range rifle-like weapon used to kill fish, not only was he not overwhelmed with guilt like his father, he found it exciting, and decided to make a game of it, resulting in the creation of the killers game.
Examples of UK Market makers since Big Bang Day are Peel Hunt LLP, Winterflood Securities, Liberum Capital, Shore Capital, Fairfax IS and Altium Securities.
Prior to the Big Bang, jobbers had exclusive rights of market making on the LSE.
In October 2004, Singh published a book entitled Big Bang, which tells the history of the universe.
 The restaurants in the area are Bistro B, La Me, Doan, Pho 95, Pho Bang, SaiGon Kitchen, Nam Hua, Saigon Block, Pho Tay Do, Pho Que Huong, Pho Bac, Pho Pasteur, Huong Ly (in Richardson), and many more.
The 2009–10 season kicked off with a bang as Colchester United thrashed recently relegated Norwich City 7–1 on the opening day of the season at Carrow Road.
Carlisle's excellent form under manager Paul Simpson continued into the following season as they returned to the Football League with a bang, clinching the League Two title.
 Lambda-CDM model, the standard model of Big Bang cosmology
Bang!, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, 20/20, Today, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Super Bowl XXXVIII, and Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
Known for his big play potential, Moss started the 2005 season off with a bang in Week 2 against the Dallas Cowboys, where he caught two touchdown passes of 39 and 70 yards from Mark Brunell in the last five minutes to come from behind and beat the Cowboys 14–13 on Monday Night Football.
Dicke explained how the flatness problem showed that something significant was missing from the Big Bang theory at the time.
It established that in very hot conditions, such as those after the Big Bang, electromagnetism, the strong nuclear force, and the weak nuclear force were united to form one force.
This seemed very paradoxical because when the radiation was released about 300,000 years after the Big Bang, the observable universe had a diameter of 90 million light-years.
Since inflation started with a far smaller amount of matter than the Big Bang had presupposed, an amount so small that all parts would have been in touch with each other.
 "Kingdom Come", by World Party from Bang!, 1993
In the episode "The Perspiration Implementation" of the TV show The Big Bang Theory, Ash is mentioned by the character Sheldon Cooper when he attempts to ask a girl out by saying "And as Ash Ketchum said to Pikachu, I choose you.
In the Korean webtoon and anime The God of High School, the protagonist Jin Mo-Ri, who is Sun Wukong, wields Ruyi Jingu Bang.
The Ruyi Jingu Bang was mentioned in The Librarians episode "And the Broken Staff" as one of the missing staffs.
The Jingu Bang is the legendary magical battle staff of DC Comics superhero Monkey Prince.
Jingu Bang appears in the video game Fortnite as a harvesting tool in the Wukong set
 The Cartoon History of the Universe - From the Big Bang to Alexander the Great (Volumes 1-7) (1990, Doubleday, )
Notably, A-Channel picked up CTV's rights to 30 Rock, Scrubs, Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory and Jeff Ltd.
 The Big Bang theory
Bang the Drum Slowly
This is accompanied by a loud bang as the energy in the magnetic field is converted to heat, and rapid boil-off of the cryogenic fluid.
This imbalance has to be exceptionally small, on the order of 1 in every  (~2×109) particles a small fraction of a second after the Big Bang.
According to the Big Bang model, matter decoupled from the cosmic background radiation (CBR) at a temperature of roughly  kelvin, corresponding to an average kinetic energy of  / () = .
The process begins by assuming a massive, long-lived, scalar particle  that exists in the early universe before Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Ant & Dec made their permanent departure from children's television in 2001 after trying out formats like Friends Like These for BBC One in 2000 and Slap Bang with Ant & Dec for ITV in 2001 (which was basically SMTV in the evening even playing Challenge Ant against adults).
Despite this, Judy lost its 1st place spot as the ratings leader in all of syndication that season, descending to 2nd place, only a tad behind The Big Bang Theory (off-network syndicate) which took home a 7.1 for that season.
Keith Lee uses a powerslam or jackhammer version as a finisher which is called the "Big bang catastrophe".
 The Rolling Stones - A Bigger Bang (2005) – 2xLP
The object, a galaxy some 13 billion years old, is seen from Earth as it would have been just 750 million years after the Big Bang.
He co-wrote "Don't Bang the Drum", the environmentalism anthem on the latter album.
He and Thistlethwaite took turns leading the brass section of the band, and Lorimer was also a featured soloist, most famously on "The Whole of the Moon" and "Don't Bang the Drum".
Ballpark Brawl V: Bang!
 "C'est La Vie", by Gotthard from Bang!, 2014
The particle accelerator relates to the department of physics, which houses an on-campus quantum computing lab, and is interested in dark matter and big bang origins.
During breakdown, branching tree or fern-like conductive channels rapidly form and propagate through the plastic, allowing the trapped charge to suddenly rush out in a miniature lightning-like flash and bang.
Frightened, Dunne fled to her mother's house, where Sweeney showed up and began to bang on the door and windows, demanding to be let in.
Overall he said that the "first season ends, not with a bang, but with a whimper".
Max supports six basic atomic data types that can be transmitted as messages from object to object: int, float, list, symbol, bang, and signal (for MSP audio connections).
Members of St Edmund's include cosmologist and Big Bang theorist Georges Lemaître, Lord St John of Fawsley, Archbishop Eamon Martin of Armagh, Bishop John Petit of Menevia, and Olympic medalists Simon Schürch (Gold), Thorsten Streppelhoff (Silver), Marc Weber (Silver), Stuart Welch (Silver) and Simon Amor (Silver).
A special type of message with null content called a bang is used to initiate events and push data into flow, much like pushing a button.
She collaborated with Busta Rhymes and will.i.am on the track "I Love My Bitch", the second single from Rhymes's 2006 album The Big Bang.
DC Thomson's collaborating process developed a comic strip about a strong girl named Bella under the title of "Biff Bang Bella", but would be changed shortly before the official strip was finalised.
When Liu Bang won the war in 202 BC, he made Zou Wuzhu king of Minyue and in 192 BC, Zou Yao the king of Dong'ou (Eastern Ou).
Washington Monthly ranked Baruch #1 in the Northeast in 2015 in providing "Best Bang for the Buck."
Bang!s international release, a shorter version of the album was released by CEMA for a limited time exclusively through outlets of the McDonald's restaurant chain in the US.
Bang!s fifth and final single and lead single from the band's 1995 compilation Rarities.
Following their breakup, DuBois remained active as a laptop musician and conceptual artist, working extensively with contemporary and avant-garde music performance composers and groups, such as LEMUR, Christian Marclay, Bang on a Can composer Michael Gordon, vocalist Lesley Flanigan, and violinist/composer Todd Reynolds.
On one occasion, he misses them, but they end up shutting the door on him, locking him in, causing him to bang on the door.
The egg hatched to give birth to a human being, creating a big bang.
There was a big bang when it hatched that shook the earth and gave birth to another human.
Also, before the start of every home game, the Panthers have an honorary drummer bang a "Keep Pounding" drum.
Needing to complete a 20-song commitment, the band recorded two ribald tunes—including "When Lulu's Gone"—but released them under a pseudonym, the Bang Boys.
Five Skytrain stations, Sala Daeng, Asok, Ha Yaek Lat Phrao, Bang Wa and Mo Chit, are interchanges with the MRT system.
Since the opening of the final section of the extension to Bang Wa station on 5 December 2013, this is no longer the case.
A spur line from Bang Na to Suvarnabhumi Airport (terminating at future South Passenger Terminal of Suvarnabhumi Airport).
In September 2011, the BTSC ordered five more four-car trainsets of CNR rolling stock for 1.5 billion baht to prepare for the Silom Line extension to Bang Wa which was then due to open in December 2012.
These five new train sets of rolling stock entered service on 29 November 2013 after the first two stations of the Silom Line extension to Bang Wa opened in January and February 2013, respectively.
For instance, La Monte Young's "Draw a straight line and follow it"; Robert Watts' Trace, in which the musicians set fire to the music on their music stands; Yoko Ono's Wall Piece, in which performers bang their heads against the wall; or Nam June Paik's classic "Creep into the vagina of a living whale".
The MMC design was invented and patented by Bang & Olufsen.
In the fields of Big Bang theory and cosmology, reionization is the process that caused matter in the universe to reionize after the lapse of the "dark ages".
This occurred between 150 million and one billion years after the Big Bang (at a redshift 6 < z < 20).
During Big Bang nucleosynthesis, the only elements that formed aside from hydrogen and helium were trace amounts of lithium.
Also in the 2020 issue by Washington Monthly, Cal State LA ranked 3rd for "Best Bang for the Buck" out of 215 schools in the U.S. Western region.
In 1989, Big Bang performed their Arabic Circus Tour at the Windmill Theatre.
Yao was claimed to be the ancestor of the Han Dynasty Emperor Liu Bang.
Many modern sitcoms use or used cold opens, such as The Office, The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, and Parks and Recreation.
The series, in order of first to tenth, were: The Simpsons, Get Smart, The Mary Tyler Moore Show, the original Hawaii Five-O, True Blood, The Big Bang Theory, Dexter, The Brady Bunch, Mad Men, and The Sopranos.
Bang Jeong-hwan, a co-founder of Saekdong-hoe, first coined the modern Korean word for children,  (어린이), replacing the previous slang  (애놈) or  (애새끼).
Messages were also included on the vanity cards for later Chuck Lorre Productions shows, such as Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, and Mike & Molly.
Later, the pre-big bang, ekpyrotic and cyclic proposals appeared.
The President's Last Bang
On April 8, 2009, ISDA introduced further compulsory modifications known as the "Big Bang Protocol."
The movie adaptation of the novel is referenced in The Big Bang Theory Episode 23 of season 2 "The Monopolar Expedition".
Bishop of Roskilde Peder Bang fled to Rügen and convinced Chief Jaromar II to invade Zealand.
Carl Theodor Dreyer, 1924) - Screenplay based on a novel by Herman Bang
The development of the microwave horn receiver led to the discovery of the microwave background radiation associated with the Big Bang.
Astronomers observe a wide range of astronomical sources, including high-redshift galaxies, AGNs, the afterglow from the Big Bang and many different types of stars and protostars.
On 31 May 2010 The Divine Comedy released their tenth album entitled Bang Goes the Knighthood on DC Records.
She has also guest starred on IFC's Portlandia and Comedy Bang!
Bang!, as well as numerous shows on Adult Swim, including The Heart, She Holler opposite Patton Oswalt and Metalocalypse.
A new collection of poetry, Bang Ditto, was published in September 2009 by San Francisco's Manic D Press.
The third is that they are primordial black holes formed in the Big Bang.
Let's Go Bang is the second studio album by American actress and singer Jennifer Love Hewitt.
They hear a noise from outside and bang on the hull to attract attention.
 Billy Bang, Outline No.
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Spoiler Alert Segmentation", Sheldon picks up a Mister Mxyzptlk action figure referring that it belonged to Leonard when he's clearing out his belongings after moving in briefly with Penny to which Amy erroneously refers to as a "children's toy".
The lyrics display insight into many aspects of current scientific thought, Newton's laws of motion ("All My Shootings Be Drivebys"), Einstein's theory of relativity ("E=MC Hawking"), the Big Bang ("The Big Bizang"), Thermodynamics ("Entropy"), and quantum physics subjects such as Schrödinger's cat and the wave function collapse ("Rock Out With Your Hawk Out").
 Big Bang, 1997, Dorling Kindersley, 
She was a supporter of the steady state theory of cosmology, but her own work on quasars helped to support the alternative Big Bang theory.
The most natural zero point is the Big Bang, looking forward, but the most common is the ever-changing present, looking backward.
In this table each row is defined in seconds after the Big Bang, with earliest at the top of the chart.
In 1965, Jimmy Beaumont recorded two notable singles for the Bang label: the first, "Tell Me"/"I Feel Like I'm Falling in Love", were medium-tempo soul-styled tracks.
For his second Bang 45, "I Never Loved Her Anyway"/"You Got Too Much Going for You", Beaumont transformed into an impressive soul singer, sounding nothing like his previous more pop-styled efforts, leading some to question in later years, if it actually was his singing.
That year, she also guest-starred in the finale of the 11th season of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 2004: The Best: Make the Music Go Bang!
Make the Music Go Bang!
Norwegian Protestant ecclesiastical historian Anton Christian Bang asked what would have happened "if the Church, deprived of all liberty, had become the submissive slave of absolute royalty?
He appeared in the 1989 documentary The Big Bang by James Toback, in which he discussed his earlier life.
However, with help from Lex's temporal displacement technology and Darkseid's Boom Tube technology boosted by magic supplied by Tempest and the Amazons, Superman was able to destroy Brainiac 13 and Imperiex by sending them through a temporal Boom tube where they were annihilated in the Big Bang.
It includes light from galaxies that existed about 13 billion years ago, some 400 to 800 million years after the Big Bang.
The XDF reveals galaxies from 13.2 billion years ago, including one thought to have formed only 450 million years after the Big Bang.
The HUDF is the deepest image of the universe ever taken and has been used to search for galaxies that existed between 400 and 800 million years after the Big Bang (redshifts between 7 and 12).
The HUDF has revealed high rates of star formation during the very early stages of galaxy formation, within a billion years after the Big Bang.
After another album in 1988, Go Bang!, the band split up.
In the episode 10, season 8 of The Big Bang Theory series that aired in November 20, 2014, the main characters go through the notes of a deceased professor called Roger Abbott.
 1870–1873: Heinrich Bang
Armed police forces (Border guard): 12th Mobile Regiment at Lang Son, 4 battalions at Cao Bang and Quang Ninh, some companies and 24 border posts
Her chamber, choral, and orchestral music has been commissioned and widely performed by The Los Angeles Master Chorale, the Bang on a Can All-Stars, The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, The California EAR Unit, The Orchestra of St. Luke's, Relâche, The Paul Dresher Ensemble, Sequitur, and The American Composers Orchestra, among many others.
He was also the lead singer and guitarist for the indie pop group Biff Bang Pow!, who were active from 1983 to 1991.
This sound system can be upgraded to a Bang & Olufsen stereo.
 This Honky's Nuts (1974, Bang Records)
Other options include xenon plus headlights with an all-weather light, LED rear lights, an electromechanical parking brake, driver information system with color display, MMI radio plus includes a Bluetooth interface, Audi sound system with ten speakers, MMI navigation plus (hard drive, an eight-inch monitor, MMI touch input system), 15-speaker Bang & Olufsen Advanced Sound System.
Other options include LED headlights with a unique design, the sport differential on the rear axle, Comfort package, head-up display, the high-performance driver assistance systems, Bang & Olufsen Advanced Sound System with 15 speakers and 1,200 watts of total power, Bluetooth online car phone.
The cannonball strikes a support leg of the lookout tower, bringing it crashing to the ground along with the trooper in it (in the opening credits, this coincides with the line in the lyrics, "Before they resume with a bang and a boom.")
Cosmos at the Castle is an interactive astronomy exhibit that takes place at the observatory, featuring four cinema sized screens that share information with visitors on the Big Bang, the evolution of life on Earth, and the existence of extraterrestrial life in the Universe.
His notable contributions are the so-called Fulling–Davies–Unruh effect, according to which an observer accelerating through empty space will be subject to a bath of induced thermal radiation, and the Bunch–Davies vacuum state, often used as the basis for explaining the fluctuations in the cosmic background radiation left over from the Big Bang.
"What Happened Before the Big Bang?"
The album included all the tracks from P'tang Yang Kipper Bang Uh!
Pattaya Centre (Thai: ศูนย์พัทยา), is in Pattaya, Bang Lamung District, Chonburi Province.
From 2005 to 2009 a Thomas Heatherwick sculpture, B of the Bang, was situated to the southeast of the stadium at the junction of Ashton New Road and Alan Turing Way.
As of 2005, it has a population of 18,320, covering the complete sub-district (tambon) Bang Parok.
For all its fanfare, the "Joh for Canberra" campaign ended with a whimper rather than a bang.
Danish author Herman Bang wrote about the war and its effects on the island of Als in his novel Tine, published in 1889.
The show was part of their A Bigger Bang Tour and attracted a crowd of some 35,000 spectators, twice the population of Budva town itself.
Bryson's first break came during a recording session at Atlanta's Bang Records.
Although Bang was not impressed with Dillard's band, the young backup singer caught the ear of the label's general manager, Eddie Biscoe.
For several years, Bryson worked with hometown bands and wrote and produced for Bang.
In 1976, he launched his own recording career with "Underground Music" on the Bang label.
Goals from Derek McWilliams, Paul Rutherford, Sammy McGivern and Stuart Burgess without reply brought the Pars back down to earth with an almighty bang."
According to the dialectical materialism philosophy, both time and space must be infinite, while the Big Bang theory allows the possibility of the finiteness of space and time.
Instrumental to this growth of esports in South Korea was the prevalence of the Komany-style internet café/LAN gaming center, known as a PC bang.
"Quantization of time and the big bang via scale-invariant loop gravity".
Der Tag ist schön, o sei nicht bang,
The Big Bang Theory Mad Libs
January 13 – As Eastern Airlines Flight 140 – a Boeing 727 with 60 people on board flying from Atlanta, Georgia to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – passes over Lynchburg, Virginia, 46-year-old Laughlin Wright begins to bang on the cockpit door, demanding to be flown to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
In Bang Zoom's dub of the first 27 episodes of Dragon Ball Super produced exclusively for Toonami Asia's broadcast, Goku was voiced by Lex Lang.
Hydrogen would fuse so easily that it is likely that all the universe's hydrogen would be consumed in the first few minutes after the Big Bang.
John Gribbin's Designer Universe theory suggests that an advanced civilization could have deliberately made the universe in another part of the Multiverse, and that this civilization may have caused the Big Bang.
Steady State model, a non-standard cosmological view developed in 1949 by Fred Hoyle and others as an alternative to the Big Bang theory.
Hagar first joined the Johnny Fortune Band as lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist and subsequently played in a string of other pre-Montrose bands including Big Bang, Skinny, Dustcloud, Cotton, Jimmy, the Justice Brothers, and Manhole.
 "Sober" (Big Bang song), from the 2016 album Made
The Big Bang Theory (reruns)
In 1980 and 1981, Wood did two issues of a completely pornographic comic book, titled Gang Bang.
in 1986, Wolfe, Gordon, and Lang founded the new music collective Bang on a Can in 1987.
The influence of pop culture can be heard in many of Wolfe's works, including Lick and Believing for the Bang on a Can All-Stars.
Premiered by the Trio Mediaeval and the Bang on a Can All-Stars, Steel Hammer was presented in a fully staged version by director Anne Bogart and her SITI Company at the University of Illinois, UCLA, Virginia Tech, OZ Arts Nashville, and BAM in 2015.
For the twentieth anniversary of their Marathon Concerts, Bang on a Can presented twenty-six hours of uninterrupted music at the World Financial Center Winter Garden Atrium in New York City.
Among Bang on a Can's early events were performances by John Cage, premieres of Glenn Branca’s epic symphonies for massed electric guitars, and fully staged operas by Harry Partch, featuring the composer's original instruments.
They also premiere Road Trip, a celebration of Bang on a Can's 30-year journey, together at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in October 2017.
In the comic shop in The Big Bang Theory, the B.P.R.D.
Some of the characters he has played are Captain Moustache, Victor Diamond, Tiny and Bernie Fretts, all of which he has performed as in the weekly comedy podcast Comedy Bang!
Several months after Lang began, he joined the band, which was then renamed Kid Jonny Lang & The Big Bang.
From 1993 to 1996, Lang's backing band was the Big Bang.
Keyboardist Bruce McCabe joined The Big Bang in 1995 after Lang and this young band from Fargo impressed him with their set opening for McCabe's band at the time, The Hoopsnakes.
Erik Hage held the opinion that by this time Morrison had become famous enough to be insulated from constructive criticism, resulting in some of the love songs to Janet Planet on the album containing: "obvious lyrical platitudes (truly some of his worst poetry since the revenge songs for Bang Records) and less-than-inspired arrangements."
Since 2018, enabled by the 2015 retirement of CRTC genre protection rules which mandated that it predominantly air factual programming, the channel has added reruns of scripted series from other Bell Media networks that contain scientific themes, such as The Big Bang Theory and CSI: NY.
Bang This (2003) #18 AUS
(Silkheart 1996) - William Hooker - Billy Bang Duo
HIM began its Bang and Whimper 2017 – The Farewell Tour on 14 June 2017 in Barcelona, Spain.
Player, Achievements and Big Bang for Barclays Bank (2000)
Nathan-Turner asked Martin to include Sil in his chapter, and asked confidentially for Peri to be killed in accordance with Bryant's wishes to leave the show with a bang.
From mid 2011, construction began to extend the MRT Blue Line with an extension west from Hua Lamphong via Tha Phra to Lak Song, and in the north from Bang Sue to Tha Phra.
It runs eastward from Tao Poon Station in Bang Sue District along Kamphaeng Phet, Phahon Yothin and Lat Phrao Roads, then turns south following Ratchadaphisek Road, then west following Rama IV Road to Hua Lamphong Station in Pathum Wan District.
The 1.2 km missing link of the Blue Line between Bang Sue and Tao Poon, connecting the two lines opened on 11 August 2017.
It starts from Bang Sue Station, passing along Pracharat Sai 2 Road.
The line turns east at Bang Lamphu and goes along the city moat to the south, with transfers possible to the MRT Orange Line at Ratchadamnoen Road near the Democracy Monument.
The Orange Line will start from Min Buri as elevated structure on Ramkhamhaeng Road (former Suka Phiban III Road) from eastern suburb in Min Buri District and goes underground near Lam Sali intersection in Bang Kapi District, also transfers to MRT Yellow Line.
Western section Bang Khun Non - Thailand Cultural Centre (13.4 km)
This line should not be confused with the original 2004 13 km MRT Brown Line proposal from Bang Kapi to Min Buri.
George Bang (Bill Oakley) – Kevin's other best friend.
 Claes Bang, actor (Taxa, Dracula)
John Powell of Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section noted that "The changing of the guard that many people expected came with a whimper instead of a bang.
Rhodes began the 2007 season with a bang by hitting a home run in his first game, and connecting for two more in the next game on two consecutive at bats.
In 2012 and 2013 Thomas guest starred in the dramatic shows Perception and Bones as well as comedy shows Comedy Bang!
"Go Bang," originally released on this album but recorded three years earlier by an ensemble that included Zummo, Peter Gordon, academic/composer Julius Eastman, Bascomb, and John and Jimmy Ingram was remixed as a 12" single by Francois Kevorkian.
As they are about to depart for another nightclub, the Slam Bang Club, Pitkin arrives ("I Understand (reprise)").
At the Slam Bang Club, Madame Dilly is in a drunken stupor.
Following a Big Bang, Tetsuo humbly introduces himself in another plane of existence.
 A Bang, Bull Head
Bolin joined the band in August 1973 and appeared on two albums, Bang!
Such an interaction is conjectured to replace the singular Big Bang with a cusp-like Big Bounce at a minimum but finite scale factor, before which the observable universe was contracting.
On February 21, the advance resumed against Cao Bang in the far north and against the all-important regional hub of Lang Son.
Chinese troops entered Cao Bang on February 27, but the city was not secured completely until March 2.
Diamond was a special guest referee for a match at Celerity Big Bang Wrestling, Mistress Devon James vs Susan Finkelstein on July 22, 2010.
The discovery and confirmation of the Cosmic microwave background in 1964 secured the Big Bang as the best theory of the origin and evolution of the universe.
2001 : Claude Ecken, for La fin du big bang
In 205 BC, Emperor Liu Bang of the Han Dynasty was the first emperor to offer sacrifices to the memory of Confucius in Qufu.
The theory could potentially explain why a repulsive form of energy known as the cosmological constant, which is accelerating the expansion of the universe, is several orders of magnitude smaller than predicted by the standard Big Bang model.
The collisions correspond to a reversal from contraction to expansion, or a Big Crunch followed immediately by a Big Bang.
This permits it to become identical with the Big Bang, so starting the next cycle.
The line is of great interest in Big Bang cosmology because it is the only known way to probe the "dark ages" from recombination to reionization.
 April 1 – Physicists Ralph Asher Alpher and George Gamow publish the Alpher–Bethe–Gamow paper about the Big Bang.
Non-Lethal Indirect Fire Munition: Developmental round based on the M853A1 that disperses flash bang submunitions to temporarily daze people.
 1927 – Georges Lemaître: Theory of the Big Bang
 1964 – Arno Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson: detection of CMBR providing experimental evidence for the Big Bang
 Xiang Dong Xiang Thong → Vientiane (1561) → Luang Phra Bang (1695) → Vientiane
Bang – Chinese military weapon type used in medieval times.
The show has been referred to in many series, such as ABC Family's GREEK, CBS's The Big Bang Theory, and Fox's Family Guy.
Lio Tipton (credited as Analeigh Tipton) and Samantha Potter (both cycle 11) were featured in an episode of The Big Bang Theory which featured the main characters locating the top model house.
Beginning in 2012, Massimino appeared as himself in a recurring role on the CBS TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory launching aboard a Russian Soyuz to the International Space Station.
It is a vicious survivor of a race that ruled a previous universe before the Big Bang, the creation of our own universe.
Washington Monthly ranked UMN Morris the #36 "Best Bang for Your Buck" school in 2014.
In episode 13 of the first season of The Big Bang Theory, when Leonard and Raj are trying to find a fourth team member for a physics competition, Raj refers to Mayim Bialik as "the girl who played TV's Blossom.
– 	Molly Bang, Ten, Nine, Eight ( ) @ —a counting book
 "The Chandra Multiverse", in From Big Bang to Galactic Civilizations: A Big History Anthology, Volume 3, The Ways that Big History Works: Cosmos, Life, Society, and our Future, eds.
Phở vịt: duck pho, a specialty of Cao Bang province.
 Bang Goes the Theory Bigger, Better, Faster, Stronger The Boffin, the Builder and the Bombardier Brainiac: Science Abuse Food Detectives It's Effin' Science Man vs.
Syndicated programming on KBSI includes Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family, and Judge Judy among others.
Syndicated programming on WSMH includes Judge Jerry, The People's Court, Family Feud, The Big Bang Theory, and The Goldbergs, among others.
They were re-released in a DVD box set on 15 June 2010 using the original Geneon dubbing (provided by Bang Zoom!
Some of the more popular groups have personalized light sticks for use at concerts; for example, Big Bang fans hold yellow crown-shaped light sticks.
Bang Si Hyuk, the producer of BTS, partially attributed the fast growth of their fanbase to social media such as Twitter.
Since the start of the Korean Wave, the Japanese market has seen an influx of Korean pop acts such as SS501, Shinee, Super Junior, Big Bang, KARA and Girls' Generation.
In November, as part of their Alive Tour, Big Bang held their first solo concert in America, visiting the Honda Center in Los Angeles and the Prudential Center in Newark.
Big Bang flew to Belfast and won the Best Worldwide Act during the 2011 MTV EMAs in Northern Ireland.
Also in 2012, Big Bang won the Best Fan category in the Italian TRL Awards.
Cosmological redshift is now conventionally understood to be a consequence of the expansion of space; a feature of Big Bang cosmology.
He wrote the introduction to David Bowman's 2019 novel, Big Bang.
(NB Name of the 7th son of Liu Bang, Liu Chang 刘长 does not belong in this list, since the accepted reading of the first name in this case is not Zhang)
Chen Shou, the author of Records of the Three Kingdoms, has likened Pang De defiance towards Guan Yu with Zhou Kao, a minister of Liu Bang, who stands and defying Xiang Yu even when he facing death.
 "The Big Bang Theory" (with John Wagner and Alan Grant, in Judge Dredd Annual 1985, 1984)
Simon Helberg appeared in four episodes as Seth Tobin, a nerdy engineer and friend/rival of Michael who shared many similarities with one of Helberg's later characters, Howard Wolowitz in The Big Bang Theory.
Optional 1,400 watt Bang & Olufsen sound system.
With the discovery of the Big Bang, Jastrow began to hold a belief that, if there was a beginning to the universe, there was also a Creator.
The Big Bang theory and the argument from design.
 Ya Gotta Let Me Do My Thing (2015), vinyl re-issue, Bang!
Harris was best known for a quartet of novels about baseball players: The Southpaw (1953), Bang the Drum Slowly (1956), A Ticket for a Seamstitch (1957), and It Looked Like For Ever (1979).
In 1956, Bang the Drum Slowly was adapted for an installment of the dramatic television anthology series The United States Steel Hour; the production starred Paul Newman as Wiggen and Albert Salmi as doomed catcher Bruce Pearson.
Although Bang the Drum Slowly was Harris's only true popular success, most of his novels have received critical acclaim.
Earlier in the year, Homme had also made appearances on IFC's Comedy Bang!
Both the metric system and attitudes in the U.S. toward the metric system are a target of humorous jabs in shows such as The Simpsons, Futurama and The Big Bang Theory.
Bunita Marcus has written commissions for Bang on a Can All-Stars (Meet the Composers/Reader's Digest Consortium Commission), the Kronos Quartet, Aki Takahashi, NYSCA & the Gageego Ensemble, Morton Feldman and Soloists, Tokyo's "Sound-Space ARK" ensemble, and others.
Arp never wavered from his stand against the Big Bang, and until shortly before his death in 2013, he continued to publish articles  stating his contrary view in both popular and scientific literature, frequently collaborating with Geoffrey Burbidge (until Burbidge's death in 2010) and Margaret Burbidge.
He explained his reasons for believing that the Big Bang theory is wrong, citing his research into quasars or quasi-stellar objects (QSOs).
In his book Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, Guaraldi historian and biographer Derrick Bang wrote that the upbeat melody "aptly conveyed her character's feisty, tomboyish nature and just-under-the-radar feminism."
The new measurements were accepted as important evidence for a hot early Universe (big bang theory) and as evidence against the rival steady state theory as theoretical work around 1950 showed the need for a CMB for consistency with the simplest relativistic universe models.
Dicke and his colleagues reasoned that the Big Bang must have scattered not only the matter that condensed into galaxies, but also must have released a tremendous blast of radiation.
Dicke, Peebles, Wilkinson and P. G. Roll interpreted this radiation as a signature of the Big Bang.
In the first, Dicke and his associates outlined the importance of cosmic background radiation as substantiation of the Big Bang Theory.
If the boys continue to experience emotional imbalance, they increase the likelihood of triggering a new Big Bang.
Firestorm's power has been stated by Prof. Stein to be theoretically infinite, harnessing the spark of creation, the Big Bang itself.
At worst, the fusion of too many users in the Matrix could trigger a second Big Bang.
Cook played the guitar in the late 1980s bands the Transistors and Finger Guns before joining the Sydney-based band Bang Shang a Lang.
(He continued to play for Bang Shang a Lang in Sydney, when not on tour with the Wiggles.)
 Bang Shang a Lang
In 2016, almost seven years after her last album, Jusis released her new one with dance music, called Bang!.
This trend was initiated by U.S.-made broadcast network soap operas and sitcoms such as Dallas, M*A*S*H, The Cosby Show, Seinfeld, Friends and The Big Bang Theory by the mid-2000s, and then in the late 2000s and 2010s by U.S. medical dramas and police procedurals such as House, and the CSI and NCIS franchises.
Such collisions cause the quarks that make up atomic nuclei to deconfine at temperatures of approximately two trillion kelvins, conditions similar to those present at around  seconds after the Big Bang.
Mentioned in the episode of The Big Bang Theory, The Paintball Scattering, season 12.
The Cosmic Connection is a 150 ft long hallway connecting the main building and the underground exhibition areas (see below) that depicts the history of the universe, and dramatizes the amount of time that has passed from the Big Bang to the present day using, hundreds of individual pieces of astronomy-related jewelry.
Muddy Waters (2004), piano, percussion, electric guitar, bass, bass clarinet, and cello (premiered by Bang on a Can Allstars)
Lin Chow Bang, character in Fat Pizza
However, Baez pointed out, this statement does not in fact concern the Big Bang, and is entirely equivalent to the following:
Rayons X and Avant Le Big Bang
Critics cite examples from Avant Le Big Bang including a statement that the "golden number" φ (phi) is transcendental, an assumption that the limit of a decreasing sequence is always zero, and that the expansion of the Universe implies that the planets of the Solar System have grown farther apart.
Later, Majid claimed in a Usenet post that, in an addendum to Avant Le Big Bang, Grichka intentionally misquoted Majid's opinion on the way this interview had been transcribed.
 «Pot-Pourri» from Igor & Grichka Bogdanov's Before the Big Bang by Jean-Pierre Messager
They seem to have been formed as early as a couple of billion years after the Big Bang, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
In 2011, Fox played the role of Bernadette's ex-boyfriend Glenn in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Love Car Displacement".
She portrayed Katie in the original pilot for the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, but was replaced by Kaley Cuoco (as Penny) in the second pilot.
In 2009, Baranski began guest-starring in The Big Bang Theory as Dr. Beverly Hofstadter, a dispassionate psychiatrist and neuroscientist and mother of one of the protagonists, Leonard Hofstadter.
Besides her work on The Good Wife and the aforementioned guest appearances on The Big Bang Theory, her other recent appearances include Ugly Betty in 2009 as Victoria Hartley, the haughty mother of Betty's new boyfriend.
2017: Eng, Düster und Bang  by KiKu feat.
On his second attempt, the lit fart sets in motion the Big Bang that creates the universe.
In its infancy, cosmology was a speculative science based on a very limited number of observations and characterized by a dispute between steady state theorists and promoters of Big Bang cosmology.
A cosmic microwave background was predicted in 1948 by George Gamow and Ralph Alpher, and by Alpher and Robert Herman as due to the hot Big Bang model.
It is a prediction of the Big Bang model that the universe is filled with a neutrino background radiation, analogous to the cosmic microwave background radiation.
Bang & Olufsen 14 speaker sound system (505W);
He has also been a longtime Dungeons & Dragons fan and player, appearing on episodes of The Big Bang Theory, Nerd Poker, CelebriD&D, the web show Critical Role and Force Grey playing the game.
The only other deviation from the standard lyrics was in verse 5 where "symbols" was replaced with "cymbals" to which campers would bang drink trays together to mimic cymbals.
 Amy Farrah Fowler, Ph.D, main character in CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
Presidential Unit Citation (Army), Streamer embroidered TRANG BANG
In fourth-season episode of The Big Bang Theory, the Indian-born Raj Koothrappali recites the first verse of the song out for fear of deportation in an interview with an FBI agent to clarify his relationship with the United States.
The site's critical consensus reads, "It's not easy to take the longest Harry Potter book and streamline it into the shortest HP movie, but director David Yates does a bang up job of it, creating an Order of the Phoenix that's entertaining and action-packed."
The initial observer's analysis of J-band observations indicated that Abell 1835 IR1916 has a redshift factor of z~10.0, meaning that it appears to us as it was about 13.2 billion years ago, only 470 million years after the Big Bang and very close to the first burst of star formation in the universe.
The dub was handled by Bang Zoom!
 With a Bang, and Other Forbidden Delights (2005) (short story collection)
A few years prior, professional wrestler Toots Mondt had created a new challenge of professional wrestling that he called “Slam Bang Western Style Wrestling”.
But when they started to sing it – bang, wow, terrific, I was up at the mixer jogging around."
On the episode of The Big Bang Theory called "The Nerdvana Annihilation," Leonard Hofstadter and his friends chipped in to buy an original time machine prop from the 1960 film classic The Time Machine.
These stores include Louis Vuitton, Armani, Tommy Hilfiger, Swarovski, Salvatore Ferragamo, Ermenegildo Zegna, Brooks Brothers, Hermès, MaxMara, Bang & Olufsen, and Hugo Boss, as well as many others.
Bang Saat(Additional player of Dewa Budjana, He came from kalimantan) He also called as "saat"
The Green Children of the Woods, Whizz Bang series.
The Hungry Ghost Festival is generally not observed by most Dejiao (Zi) group in Malaysia which descended directly from Dejiao association in China, it is only mainly observed by three Zi associations in Kuala Lumpur (Zi Fang Ge), Pulau Ketam (Zi Bang Ge) and Butterworth (Zi Wei Gi) with the three calling the festival as Wanyuan Shenghui than Yulan Shanghui.
Earlier, Justin Langer (71) and Matthew Hayden (58) started the Australian innings with a bang.
The horizon problem (also known as the homogeneity problem) is a cosmological fine-tuning problem within the Big Bang model of the universe.
According to the Big Bang model, as the density of the expanding universe dropped, it eventually reached a temperature where photons fell out of thermal equilibrium with matter; they decoupled from the electron-proton plasma and began free-streaming across the universe.
The decoupling, or the last scattering, is thought to have occurred about 300,000 years after the Big Bang, or at a redshift of about .
One consequence of cosmic inflation is that the anisotropies in the Big Bang due to quantum fluctuations are reduced but not entirely eliminated.
In 2021, ranked 25 in Best Bang for the Buck, 68th in Master's University by Washington Monthly.
In 2020, ranked 9th in the "Best Bang for the Buck Colleges" category out of 215 schools in the U.S. western region by Washington Monthly.
In 2020, Cal State Stanislaus was ranked 1st for "Best Bang for the Buck" out of 215 schools in the U.S. western region.
", a parody of Jackie Gleason's line from The Honeymooners, "One of these days, Alice... Bang, zoom!
Each Elder of the Universe possesses a fraction of what is referred to as the Power Primordial, remnants of the primordial energies of the Big Bang that still permeate the universe.
Although his exact origin is unknown, he is one of the oldest living beings in the universe, coming from one of the first intelligent races to evolve after the Big Bang.
The Grandmaster has been described as manipulating the so-called "power primordial", radiation left over from the Big Bang, and is one of the most powerful Elders of the Universe.
It was hypothesized by Zel'dovich and Novikov first and independently by Hawking that, shortly after the Big Bang, the Universe was dense enough for any given region of space to fit within its own Schwarzschild radius.
 The Big Bang (2011)
Hamline also made the publication's Best Bang for the Buck- Midwest Colleges list.
From 2010 to 2019, she played neuroscientist Amy Farrah Fowler on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, for which she was nominated four times for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 2015 and 2017.
Bialik's performance in The Big Bang Theory earned her Emmy Award nominations in 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015 for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.
Simon Helberg, Bialik's former The Big Bang Theory castmate, will also appear.
In 1966, Mom Luang Xujati Kambhu, the Fifth President of Kasetsart University, judged the Bang Khen campus too confined and unable to support the education in agricultural sciences called for by the National Social and Economics Development Plan.
Antwerp is considered by his literary executor Ignacio Echevarría to be the big bang of the Bolaño universe, the loose prose-poem novel was written in 1980 when Bolaño was 27.
A few of the many richly formed characters included Suitcase Simpson, Mickey McGuire, the Powerful Katrinka, the Terrible Tempered Mr. Bang, Aunt Eppie Hogg, Little Woo-Woo Wortle, The Little Scorpions, and "Stinky" Davis.
During the majority of his series, he mostly fought plain street criminals and those who gained powers from Dakota's Big Bang.
Positron field: Icon can detect the presence of Bang Babies within his vicinity by flooding an area with a field of positrons.
Hence, Icon can use these fields to distinguish Bang Babies from other metahumans as well as normal humans.
When she and her brother stepped into a spill from the Big Bang, Miranda gained the power to create illusions.
However, she eventually realized that her brother had gone insane from being a bang baby after he broke a promise that no one would get hurt during their final heist.
In his late years, Burbidge was known mostly for his alternative cosmology "quasi-steady state theory", which contradicts the Big Bang theory.
This dynamic cosmological model of general relativity would come to form the standard for both the Big Bang and Steady State theories.
Friedmann's work supports both theories equally, so it was not until the detection of the cosmic microwave background radiation that the Steady State theory was abandoned in favor of the current favorite Big Bang paradigm.
the Ekpyrotic Universe,  "... a cosmological model in which the hot big bang universe is produced by the collision of a brane in the bulk space with a bounding orbifold plane, beginning from an otherwise cold, vacuous, static universe".
A live DVD was released on December 5, 2008 entitled Bang Your Head Festival 2005.
David Norman Schramm (October 25, 1945 – December 19, 1997) was an American astrophysicist and educator, and one of the world's foremost experts on the Big Bang theory.
He was particularly well known for the study of Big Bang nucleosynthesis and its use as a probe of dark matter (both baryonic and non-baryonic) and of neutrinos.
Using the Dream Sequencer machine, he travels all the way back to just before the Universe was formed, theoretically before the Big Bang, when there was nothing but chaos.
This song makes reference to the Big Bang itself, and according to Lucassen's fantasy, the primordial soul, the Universal Migrator — which subsequently divides into a million souls — is generated in this event.
 Bang on a Can All Stars & Don Byron: A Ballad for Many (Cantaloupe, 2006)
Currently, the only syndicated programming broadcast by WKRG-TV consists of reruns of The Big Bang Theory (which aired first-run episodes on the station via CBS).
Then in 1586, Naresuan defeated the Viceroy of Chiang Mai near Pa Mok and Bang Kaeo, capturing his encampment at Ban Saket with 10,000 soldiers, 120 elephants, 100 horses, 400 boats plus arms, ammunition, and provisions.
They are also mentioned in "The Big Bang Theory" season 10 episode 8.
 "Crash, Bang, Boom" - Hubert Tubbs
The song, titled To Parelthon Mou ("My Past"), is the title track to the Greek film Bank Bang, released in December 2008.
This caused a loud bang, which the pilot reported, but did not cause a flight problem.
In the 10th season of The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon and Amy discuss the history of Buridan's ass (renamed donkey), and its application to their lives.
Mercy College was featured on Washington Monthly’s 2015 Best Bang for the Buck Rankings.
Lerner referred to this as evidence that the Big Bang was a failed paradigm.
As an alternative to the Big Bang, Lerner adopted Alfvén's model of plasma cosmology that relied on plasma physics to explain most, if not all, cosmological observations by appealing to electromagnetic forces.
A student of his, Georges Lemaître, was the first to propose the Big Bang theory of the formation of the Universe.
He is best known for developing the steady state model of the universe with Fred Hoyle and Thomas Gold as an alternative to the Big Bang theory.
Steady State theory was eclipsed by the rival Big Bang theory with the discovery of the cosmic microwave background (CMB).
In fact, they were the surviving remnants of multiple street gangs (thus the name, a combination of "Paris Island Bloods" and "Force Syndicate"), who had gained superpowers in the so-called Big Bang, and decided to use them for a greater purpose.
They discovered and destroyed a hidden lab under the local hospital where scientists experimented on Bang Babies.
The gang went back to their home (an abandoned factory on the land where the Big Bang took place) to celebrate with food and beer.
Wise Son's son Edmund and his little sister Cornelia developed teleportation powers, presumably from following Wise to the Bang.
Masquerade and some other Bang Babies dealt with another branch of S.Y.S.T.E.M.
 Aquamaria - Maria (last name unknown) survived the Big Bang while floating in the (fictional) James River; as a result, she was transformed into a transmorph of "living water".
Brickhouse (or Brick): Marta (last name unknown) survived the Big Bang while pressed up against a brick wall; as a result, she took on its characteristics, becoming a 10-foot-tall, super-strong woman of living brick (complete with mortar lines).
Oro: Miguel Medina is a former police officer who survived the Big Bang as a member of the Riot Squad.
As a Bang Baby, he resembles a humanoid blue ox.
White Roaches and the Rats - two groups of vermin who acquired human characteristics during the Big Bang, they are now large, intelligent, and (especially in the case of the White Roaches) hostile.
This theory fell out of favour when the 1965 discovery of the cosmic microwave background was widely interpreted as the tell-tale signature of the Big Bang.
Danish author Herman Bang wrote of life on the island of Als in the aftermath of the Battle of Dybbøl in the Second War of Schleswig in his novel Tine, published in 1889.
Euler's Disks appear in the 2006 film Snow Cake and in the TV show The Big Bang Theory, season 10, episode 16, which aired February 16, 2017.
Yuan Ang (died 148 BC): high official of the Former Han, served at the court of Liu Bang.
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Pants Alternative", a drunk Sheldon Cooper starts to sing the song during his acceptance of an award from his university.
Glau also guest starred as herself in a 2009 episode of the CBS situation comedy The Big Bang Theory.
This action is accompanied with a loud bang.
In 1998 he played the guitar solo on Bang a Drum featuring Jon Bon Jovi and Chris LeDoux, reaching number 68 on Hot Country Songs.
Dead Bang is a 1989 American action thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson, Penelope Ann Miller, William Forsythe, Bob Balaban, and Tim Reid.
In 2006, Kotzen was the opening act for The Rolling Stones in Japan on their Bigger Bang tour.
Ziying later surrendered to Liu Bang, the leader of the first group of rebel forces to occupy Xianyang, the Qin capital.
While the Qin army was fighting Chu forces at the Battle of Julu, another rebel force led by Liu Bang advanced into the Guanzhong region, the heartland of Qin, and faced minimal resistance from Qin forces along the way.
In 206 BC, the last Qin emperor, Ziying, surrendered the capital Xianyang to Liu Bang, thus bringing an end to the Qin dynasty.
Liu Bang treated Ziying respectfully and forbade his followers from harming civilians and looting the city when they occupied it.
He also tried to assassinate Liu Bang at the Feast of Hong Gate (who only narrowly escaped due to Xiang's indecisiveness), and later forced Liu to relocated to the remote and underdeveloped Bashu region (present-day Chongqing and Sichuan).
Upon reaching his destination, Liu Bang ordered the destruction of the gallery roads leading into Bashu in order to trick Xiang Yu into believing that he had no intention of leaving Bashu, and as a precautionary move against any attack from outside Bashu.
While Xiang Yu was away suppressing the rebellions in Qi and Zhao, Liu Bang seized the opportunity to attack the territories ruled by three former Qin generals which were collectively known as the Three Qins.
Riding on the tide of victory, Liu Bang proceeded to conquer Longxi (the area in present-day Gansu located west of Mount Long), Beidi (北地; around present-day Guangyang, Gansu) and Shangjun (上郡; around present-day Yulin, Shaanxi).
In 205 BC, after conquering the Guanzhong region, Liu Bang advanced to the east of Hangu Pass to prepare for an attack on the Henan region.
Liu Bang then replaced Zheng Chang with Hán Xin as the new King of Hán.
Zhang Er, the former King of Changshan, joined Liu Bang after losing his domain to Zhao Xie and Chen Yu.
In the third lunar month of 205 BC, Liu Bang attacked Henei with help from Wei Bao, the King of Western Wei.
When Liu Bang received news that Xiang Yu had ordered the assassination of Emperor Yi, the nominal sovereign over the Eighteen Kingdoms, he held a memorial service for the emperor and accused Xiang Yu of committing regicide, using this incident as political propaganda to justify his war against Xiang Yu.
In the eighth lunar month of 205 BC, the Chu capital, Pengcheng (彭城; present-day Xuzhou, Jiangsu), fell to a coalition force led by Liu Bang.
When Xiang Yu received news that Liu Bang had occupied Pengcheng, he led 30,000 troops to retake Pengcheng.
Liu Bang was caught off guard and his army suffered heavy casualties and his family members were captured by Chu forces.
After the battle, Liu Bang lost his territorial gains in Chu and the support of his allies.
Ying Bu agreed to join Liu Bang and rebelled against Xiang Yu.
In the sixth lunar month of 205 BC, Liu Bang named his son Liu Ying as his heir apparent and put him in charge of Yueyang (櫟陽; present-day Yanliang District, Xi'an, Shaanxi).
On another front, Ying Bu was unable to resist Long Ju's attacks so he gave up on his domain in Jiujiang and joined Liu Bang.
Liu Bang reorganised his army, which now included reinforcements from Guanzhong and Han Xin's troops.
In 205 BC, Wei Bao, the King of Western Wei, left Liu Bang on the pretext of visiting an ill relative and secretly returned to his domain.
He pledged allegiance to Xiang Yu and rebelled against Liu Bang.
When he surrendered, Liu Bang accepted his surrender and appointed him as a general.
In 204 BC, after the Kingdom of Yan surrendered to him, Liu Bang made Zhang Er the new King of Zhao.
Liu Bang was forced to retreat to Chenggao, but he eventually abandoned Chenggao and headed north of the Yellow River to where Han Xin was.
In a surprise move, Liu Bang seized control over the troops under Han Xin's command and ordered Han Xin to attack the Kingdom of Qi.
Just as Han Xin was preparing to attack Qi, Liu Bang sent Li Yiji to persuade Tian Guang, the King of Qi, to surrender.
At the time, Liu Bang was under attack by Xiang Yu in Xingyang and was eagerly awaiting reinforcements from Han Xin.
However, despite Kuai Tong's urging, Han Xin refused to betray Liu Bang.
Liu Bang negotiated for peace with Xiang Yu and agreed to cede the lands east of Xingyang to Xiang Yu.
In late 204 BC, while Xiang Yu was away suppressing the rebellion in the Kingdom of Qi, Li Yiji had advised Liu Bang to use the opportunity to attack Xiang Yu.
In 203 BC, while Xiang Yu was retreating eastward, Liu Bang, acting on the advice of Zhang Liang and Chen Ping, renounced the Treaty of Hong Canal and ordered an attack on Xiang Yu.
However, as Han Xin and Peng Yue did not mobilise their troops, Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at Guling (固陵; south of present-day Taikang County, Henan).
Three months later, in 202 BC, Liu Bang, Han Xin and Peng Yue attacked Xiang Yu from three directions.
Liu Bang granted Peng Yue, Ying Bu and Han Xin the titles of King of Liang, King of Huainan and King of Chu respectively.
Liu Bang made his wife Lü Zhi empress and his eldest son Liu Ying crown prince.
Although Liu Bang initially handsomely rewarded subjects who helped him become emperor, he gradually became suspicious of them and started to doubt their loyalties.
In the same year, Liu Bang believed rumours that Peng Yue was also involved in the plot, so he demoted Peng Yue to the status of a commoner.
Zhang Fengyi and Ray Lui starred as Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
Liu Ye and Daniel Wu played Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
Lawrence Ng and Shek Sau starred as Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
Hu Jun and Xiao Rongsheng starred as Xiang Yu and Liu Bang respectively.
Adam Cheng and Kwong Wah starred as Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
Chen Daoming and Peter Ho starred as Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
Anthony Wong and Ren Chengwei played Liu Bang and Xiang Yu respectively.
He witnesses how the Qin dynasty becomes corrupted by Qin Er Shi and Zhao Gao, and decides to help Liu Bang and Xiang Yu overthrow the dynasty.
Discovery of cosmic microwave background radiation, early evidence for the big bang model.
The community of Chak Ngaeo in Bang Lamung District.
They also recently acquired the Mahoromatic: I'm Home special, with the English dub to be produced at Bang Zoom!
For longer distances, the Knight Bus instantly leaps 100 miles (160 km) at a time, accompanied by a great bang and jolt.
This album, the first of her career that Wynonna co-produced, included a four-song bonus disc entitled Big Bang Boogie composed of four new Judds songs.
 Pak Nam Samut Prakan (Thai: ) consisting of parts of subdistrict Bang Mueang.
 Samrong Nuea (Thai: ) consisting of parts of subdistricts Samrong Nuea, Bang Mueang Mai, Thepharak.
Interhides Public Company (IHL) operates nine tanning factories in Bang Pu Mai and is building a tenth factory there to be operational by 2020.
Bennie Bang, the man behind the device, offers Roxy a limousine ride, and she accepts, dragging Jane along.
NYIT was featured on Washington Monthly's 2014 Best Bang for the Buck Rankings, a national list of schools that help non-wealthy students attain marketable degrees at affordable prices.
Unique to Hatfield is the tradition of 'spooning', in which students bang spoons on the edge of the table or on silverware for several minutes before the formal starts.
He made additions to the Big Bang nucleosynthesis model that built upon the work of the classic Alpher–Bethe–Gamow paper.
He tells her about the Big Bang and how everything is made up of the same material, which exploded outward at the beginning of time.
So far, 5 IPs have been established including: Trang Bang IP (190ha), Linh Trung industrial and processing zone No.
"Co-operative housing, more bang for your buck"
He engaged Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han dynasty, in a long struggle for power, known as the Chu–Han Contention, which concluded with his eventual defeat at the Battle of Gaixia and his suicide.
At the same time, the king placed Liu Bang in command of another army to attack Guanzhong, the heartland (capital territory) of Qin.
In the winter of 207 BC, the last Qin ruler Ziying surrendered to Liu Bang in Xianyang (Qin's capital), bringing an end to the Qin Dynasty.
Cao Wushang (), a subordinate of Liu Bang, sent a messenger to see Xiang Yu, saying that Liu would become King of Guanzhong in accordance with King Huai II's earlier promise, while Ziying would be appointed as Liu's chancellor.
As strongly encouraged by his advisor Fan Zeng, Xiang Yu invited Liu Bang to attend a feast at Hong Gate and plotted to kill Liu during the banquet.
However, Xiang Yu later listened to his uncle Xiang Bo and decided to spare Liu Bang.
Liu Bang escaped during the banquet under the pretext of going to the latrine.
He moved some of the rulers of other states to more remote areas and granted the land of Guanzhong to the three surrendered Qin generals, ignoring Emperor Yi's earlier promise to appoint Liu Bang as king of that region.
The emperor's death was later used by Liu Bang as political propaganda to justify his war against Xiang Yu.
In 206 BC, Liu Bang led his forces to attack Guanzhong.
The following year, Liu Bang formed an alliance with another five kingdoms and attacked Western Chu with a 560,000 strong army, capturing Xiang Yu's capital of Pengcheng.
Upon hearing this, Xiang Yu led 30,000 men to attack Liu Bang and defeated the latter at the Battle of Pengcheng, with the Han army suffering heavy casualties.
Liu Bang remarked that he and Xiang Yu were oath brothers, so if Xiang killed Liu's father, he would be guilty of patricide.
Xiang Yu requested for an armistice, known as the Treaty of Hong Canal, and returned the hostages he had captured to Liu Bang as part of their agreement.
Shortly after, as Xiang Yu was retreating eastwards, Liu Bang renounced the treaty and led his forces to attack Western Chu.
Liu Bang retreated and reinforced his defences, while sending emissaries to Han Xin and Peng Yue, promising to grant them fiefs and titles of vassal kings if they would join him in attacking Western Chu.
Liu Bang ordered his troops to sing folk songs from the Chu region to create a false impression that Xiang Yu's native land had been conquered by Han forces.
Xiang Yu then committed suicide by slitting his throat with his sword, and a brawl broke out among the Han soldiers at the scene due to the reward offered by Liu Bang, and Xiang Yu's body was said to be dismembered and mutilated in the fight.
Liu Bang held a grand state funeral for Xiang Yu in Gucheng (; in Dongping County, Taian, Shandong), with the ceremony befitting Xiang's title "Duke of Lu".
In contrast, Liu Bang is portrayed as a shrewd and cunning ruler who could be brutal at times, but forbade his troops from looting the cities they captured and spared the lives of the citizens, earning their support and trust in return.
Another saying by Liu Bang, "Having a Fan Zeng but unable to use him" (), was also used to describe Xiang Yu's reliance on his advisor Fan Zeng and failure to actually listen to Fan's advice.
Xiang Yu is one of the main two characters in the 1990s Super Nintendo historical simulation game Rise of the Phoenix by the Koei corporation, the other being Liu Bang.
 Amanda Walsh, best known for being a MuchMusic VJ (2000–2004), as well as her role in film 'Ghosts of Girlfriends Past' (2009), and recurring roles in 'Sons & Daughters' and 'The Big Bang Theory'
 Peter Fibiger Bang (born 1973) a Danish comparative historian
Cliftonville's fine of an extra £250 came as a result of their fans causing a big bang during the game.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang – Rory Green
The club started off with a bang, signing former Arsenal F.C.
He started his Ipswich years with a bang scoring twice in his debut against Bristol City.
Near the end of the universe, the Phantom Stranger approaches a group of scientists who are trying to transfer energy from the Big Bang to extend the life of the universe.
1979 – Battle of Cao Bang
When complete, the decay of inflaton particles fills the space with hot and dense Big Bang plasma.
Comic-Con is mentioned in the long-running CBS geek-targeted sitcom The Big Bang Theory in several episodes, and in NBC's Chuck in the episode "Chuck Versus the Sandworm", as an event the characters enjoy attending.
In "It's My Party and I'll Bang If I Want To", an episode of the 2011 season of The Real World: San Diego, the cast attends Comic-Con made up as zombies in order to pass out promotional flyers for the House of Blues, where they worked as part of their season work assignment.
Big Bang (financial markets)), combined with the increased sophistication of financial services around the world, introduced additional complexities into the activities of banks, insurers, and firms in general and therefore their risk profiles.
 Chuck Lorre: Grace Under Fire, Cybill, Dharma & Greg, Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, Mom Seth MacFarlane: Family Guy, American Dad!, The Cleveland Show David Maloney: Blake's 7, The Day of the Triffids Garry Marshall: The Odd Couple (1970-1975), Happy Days (1974-1984), Laverne & Shirley (1976-1983)
Measurements of the cosmic background radiation give the cooling time of the universe since the Big Bang,
This is known as the "initial singularity" or the "Big Bang singularity".
presently uses the term "age of the universe" to mean the duration of the Lambda-CDM expansion, or equivalently, the time elapsed within the currently observable universe since the Big Bang.
This is significant, since before the cosmological constant became generally accepted, the Big Bang model had difficulty explaining why globular clusters in the Milky Way appeared to be far older than the age of the universe as calculated from the Hubble parameter and a matter-only universe.
By using RHIC to collide ions traveling at relativistic speeds, physicists study the primordial form of matter that existed in the universe shortly after the Big Bang.
Syndicated programming on KPLR as of October 2021 includes The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, The Steve Wilkos Show, The Jerry Springer Show, The Wendy Williams Show, and The Real.
The name "Hi-Fi Serious" was derived from the name of the hi-fi electronics store Alan Partridge buys a Bang & Olufsen stereo from in the last episode of I'm Alan Partridge series 1.
Peppers started his fourteenth NFL season off with a bang against his former team, the Chicago Bears.
While the small sparks generated by static electricity may barely be audible, larger sparks are often accompanied by a loud snap or bang.
Big Bang Generation by Gary Russell
A number of independent constraints, from orbits in the Solar System and studies of Big Bang nucleosynthesis have shown that G cannot have varied by more than 10%.
 Kritsadaphinihan An Bot Bang Mi Dai (กฤษฎาภินิหารอันบดบังมิได้) , 
Aside from stage and film acting, he has also done voice work in anime and video games for studios, such as Animaze, Bang Zoom!
"They'd get their acoustic guitars with one or two strings and bang away and make a racket that had no sense whatsoever.
The opening sequence of the television sitcom The Big Bang Theory features a photo of the original building of The Leader.
On 18 October 2019, BANG was released as Mando Diao´s ninth studio album, continuing the band´s rock history.
Bang Bo (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Samut Prakan province in Thailand.
Bang Bo is known as a snakeskin gourami (Trichopodus pectoralis) aquacultural area.
Khlong Suan 100-year-old market (ตลาดคลองสวน 100 ปี) is on Khlong Prawet Buri Rom, a canal bordering two provinces: Khlong Suan in Bang Bo, Samut Prakan and Theppharat with Ko Rai of Ban Pho, Chachoengsao.
Bang Phli (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Samut Prakan province in Thailand.
In the reign of King Rama III, Bang Phli became a community where more people came to live, consisting of a variety of people, such as Laotians, Mons with Teochews and Hainanese.
The missing geocodes in the table are now form Bang Sao Thong district.
Bang Phli is home to a number of manufacturing companies including Plan Toys; lingerie company, Triumph International; auto parts maker, Yarnphan; Surf Technicians Inc.; windsurfing equipment design company, Natural Corporation; chemical manufacturer, Hanwha Chemical alkali soluble resin (ASR) and emulsion plant; furniture manufacturer, Rockworth;, Hino Motors, and a Nivea cosmetics production plant.
Bang Phli is known for its annual Lotus Flower (Rap Bua) Festival, which takes place on the last day of vassa on the fourteenth day of the waxing moon in the eleventh lunar month, usually the full moon in October.
A boat carrying a replica of the Luang Poh To Buddha statue from the temple Wat Bang Pli Yai Nai is moved along the Khlong Samrong canal.
There are a further four tambon administrative organizations (TAO), for each tambon except Pak Klong Bang Pla Kot, which has no non-municipal area.
Bang Sao Thong (; ) is a district (amphoe) of Samut Prakan province in central Thailand.
The area around the new town, comprising three tambons, was then split off from Bang Phli district and formed the new minor district (king amphoe), becoming effective on 1 April 1995.
The district was created in 1904 and named Bang Yai.
Due to its size it was difficult to administer, and thus in 1917 the northern part was split off as minor district (king amphoe), Bang Mae Nang.
In 1921 Bang Mae Nang became a full district.
Since 2002 Bang Kruai itself has had town (thesaban mueang) status.
Bang Si Thong has had township status since 2013.
Bang Yai (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Nonthaburi province, central Thailand.
There are a further two tambon administrative organizations (TAO) responsible for the non-municipal areas of tambons Bang Yai and Ban Mai.
Bang Bua Thong (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Nonthaburi province, central Thailand.
Neighbouring districts are (from north clockwise) Lat Lum Kaeo (Pathum Thani province), Pak Kret, Mueang Nonthaburi, Sai Noi, and Bang Yai.
At first the area was administered from Bang Bua Thong District.
Bang Phlap itself has had township (thesaban tambon) status since 2013.
Bernhard Lauritz Frederik Bang (1848–1932) — Danish veterinarian who discovered Brucella abortus
"Merely a Man", according to Partridge, was "the idea of a juxtaposition -- noisy, barking, aggressive bass, aggressive guitars, and very metallic-sounding drums, juxtaposed with this rather effeminate 18th-century powdered wig of a piece of music, right smack bang in the middle of a hard-rocking wah-wah quackout".
The fairytale is alluded to in two episodes of The Big Bang Theory.
In 2010 he created the Argentine event Crack Bang Boom, a comics/Argentine comics, cartoon, cosplay, fantasy and science-fiction convention, which is annually held in the city of Rosario.
Hosted and organized by Risso with a group of collaborators and with support from the Municipality of Rosario, Crack Bang Boom has become the most famous convention of its type in Argentina, as well as one of the most important events for the comics world in South America.
At 6.45 in the evening a loud bang indicated that the hull had been punctured; Bartlett went immediately to the engine room and observed water pouring in through a gash  long.
Peebles has made many important contributions to the Big Bang model.
Finding the Big Bang (1st ed.).
Interview samples from the Monkees' film Head and the James Toback documentary The Big Bang, in "Your Mind Belongs to the State".
Other performers who have played at the stadium include Robbie Williams as part of his Weddings, Barmitzvahs & Stadiums Tour, U2 as part of their Vertigo Tour, Red Hot Chili Peppers as part of their By the Way tour, The Rolling Stones as part of their A Bigger Bang Tour, R.E.M.
These models have been proposed as alternatives to the models that require metric expansion of space of which the Big Bang and the Steady State cosmologies are the most famous examples.
As the discipline of observational cosmology developed in the late twentieth century and the associated data became more numerous and accurate, the Big Bang emerged as the cosmological theory most supported by the observational evidence, and it remains the accepted consensus model with a current parametrization that precisely specifies the state and evolution of the universe.
In such a scale, the Big Bang corresponds to a redshift of infinity.
 These conditions became almost impossible to meet and the overall success of general relativistic explanations for the redshift-distance relation is one of the core reasons that the Big Bang model of the universe remains the cosmology preferred by researchers.
He started his coaching career with a bang, winning 10 matches in a row, including a 4–0 whitewash of New Zealand in their 1949 tour to South Africa.
HevisaurusRäyhällistä joulua (2011) – Vocals on 'Pieni liekkiBändikouluun (2019) – Vocals on '100'SoulspellThe Second Big Bang (2017)The End You'll Only Know at the End (2017)Alexandria (Apocalypse version) (2017)
"A big bang yesterday ended Shanbally Castle, where large quantities of gelignite and cortex shattered the building," it said.
Liu was a distant relative of Liu Bang, the founder of the Han dynasty, and was thus a member of the ruling dynastic clan (the Liu family).
A July 2012 article in Newsweek, written by Krauss, indicates how the Higgs particle is related to our understanding of the Big Bang.
 Atom: An Odyssey from the Big Bang to Life on Earth...and Beyond (2001), Black Bay, 
"Shooting Star", a 1997 dance single by Bang!, covered by Flip & Fill
Giving the "Bun Bang Fai or fire rocket festival of Laos" as one example, he adds that it remains "…far more elaborate in the villages than in the cities…."
Bang Fai Festival is traditional of Isan and Laotian peoples culture that could be found this festival throughout a country where living place of Northeastern Thai people.
In Roi Et province have two places which widely known and favorite festival in term of the most number of Bang Fai Ei or Bung Fai decorated car in Thailand in Suwannaphume district.
In Suwannaphume not only found the number of the most beautiful Bang Fai and the most number of beautiful Bung Fai parade dance by dramatic art collage student but also the only one community that made and Bung Fai decoration by a papers cutting technique call "Lai Sri Phume".
In the case of the similar appearing Bang Fai, also spelled 'Bong Fai' (), the 'bottle' is a bong (), a section of bamboo culm used as a container or pipe (and only colloquially as a pipe for smoking marijuana.)
Related to the Chinese Fire Arrow, Bang Fai are made from bamboo bongs.
Bang Fai come in various sizes, competing in several categories.
Small ones are called Bang Fai Noi ().
Lan in this context may be taken to mean extremely large as well as extremely expensive and extremely dangerous:  Bang Fai Lan are nine metres long and charged with 120 kg of black powder.
Almost everyone, native and visitor alike, will say Bang Fai are launched to bring rain, as in the Tourism Authority of Thailand link, below.
All participants (including a wow thanoo) were depicted on murals on the front of the former Yasothon Municipal Bang Fai Museum, but were removed when it was remodelled as a learning centre.
An English-language translation of a Thai report on Bang Fai Phaya Nark Naga fireballs at Nong Khai gives essentially the same myth (without the hornets and wow) from Thai folk: The knowledge of Thai life-style .
Set in 1890s Siam, the movie's hero, Jone Bang Fai ("Fireball Bandit"), is an expert at building the traditional bamboo rockets, which he uses in conjunction with Muay Thai martial arts to defeat his opponents.
She later starred as Penny on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019), and received a Satellite Award, a Critics' Choice Award, and two People's Choice Awards for the role.
As of August 2014, Cuoco and her co-stars from The Big Bang Theory Johnny Galecki and Jim Parsons each earned an estimated US$1 million per episode.
In 2007, while working on The Big Bang Theory, Cuoco privately dated co-star Johnny Galecki for roughly two years, until December 2009.
His most famous exhibit in New York City is "Big Bang Theory," a doomsday warnings painted on computer keyboards and shoes and construction debris.
Oo ee oo ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang, phrase used in song "Witch Doctor" performed by Ross Bagdasarian Sr., and released in 1958 by Liberty Records under the stage name David Seville.
 Bang (1973) - Script unpublished
In the CBS program The Big Bang Theory, the character Sheldon makes Cylon toast.
Other shows he appeared in include The Big Bang Theory (as Penny's father Wyatt), Star Trek: Enterprise ("First Flight" episode) and the Starz series Crash.
Man Bang Jai (Hearts in Veil) (March 2000)
The group recorded an album and announced a US summer tour with Faster Pussycat, Bang Tango and Enuff Z'nuff.
The fishermen bang metal poles in the water in order to frighten and therefore guide noise-sensitive dolphins toward the shore.
2006 The WBC (Wuda Bang Clan) – Hi-Fidelity Offbeat – "Better Left Unsaid"
Their work have inspired newer generations of artists, including 2PM, Big Bang, Dreamcatcher, EXID, MAP6, and Seventeen, many who strive to one day last as long as the sextet.
 Bang snaps or "snappers", a novelty firework
Fawcett Publications was founded by Wilford Fawcett in 1919 with the magazine Captain Billy's Whiz Bang and eventually expanded into a line of periodicals with a combined circulation of ten million a month.
Television series on which he has appeared include The Simpsons ("The Musk Who Fell to Earth", 2015), The Big Bang Theory ("The Platonic Permutation", 2015), South Park ("Members Only", 2016), Rick and Morty ("One Crew over the Crewcoo's Morty", 2019), and Saturday Night Live (2021).
There are eight weapons forms, including Liu He Da Qiang (spear), Chun Yang Jian (sword), San Yin Dao (sabre), Xing Zhe Bang (staff), Pudao, and Chun Qiu Da Dao (a long two-handed heavy blade, used by Generals sitting on their horses).
In Southeast Asia, particularly in the Philippines, when the New Wave era started in 1985, the group's biggest hit single is "The Pan Within", aside from "The Whole Of The Moon" and "Don't Bang The Drum".
An alternative version of "Medicine Bow" was released as a single in Germany, with an instrumental version of "Don't Bang the Drum" for the 7-inch.
This song gets right back into the thrust of "Don't Bang the Drum" and comes full circle, rejecting the soulless existence painted in the LP's opening moments and treating it as a journey, comparable with the traveling of the river into the sea.
"Don't Bang the Drum" (Scott, Karl Wallinger) – 6:46
In 1973, Moriarty was cast as the egocentric Henry Wiggen in Bang the Drum Slowly opposite Robert De Niro as a slow-witted catcher who becomes terminally ill.
His best known book, the De Bang Mosaferi, highlights the socio-economic difficulties facing Afghan workers and peasants.
 Earth Is Earth Sung by The New Lost City Bang Boys (1961) (Folkways)
Bang is a romanization of the Korean word 방, meaning "room".
In the early stages of the Big Bang, most of the energy was in the form of radiation, and that radiation was the dominant influence on the expansion of the universe.
After Inflation, and until about 47,000 years  after the Big Bang, the dynamics of the early universe were set by radiation (referring generally to the constituents of the universe which moved relativistically, principally photons and neutrinos).
Between about 47,000 years and 9.8 billion years after the Big Bang, the energy density of matter exceeded both the energy density of radiation  and the vacuum energy density.
In the era of cosmic inflation, the Hubble parameter is also thought to be constant, so the expansion law of the dark-energy-dominated era also holds for the inflationary prequel of the big bang.
This movement – "slip into bearing" – usually starts and stops very suddenly, often releasing elastic energy in the associated elements, resulting in a loud but harmless bang.
It is revealed that he was responsible for the Big Bang, hoping to create powerful beings capable of preventing a fast-approaching apocalypse whose cause he could not determine.
Payback (Kevin Franklin) - a Bang Baby able to transform into large yellow-green skinned monster with superhuman strength and durability.
John Daly (producer) (1937–2008), British movie producer and director of The Big Bang
In 2011, EMI revived the label; as of 2012, the new label had Chiddy Bang and Foxy Shazam on its roster.
 Mix Music Bang (music videos)
 SD-7037 - Bang - James Gang [1973]
To do so, Imperiex Prime heads for Earth, the planet which holds the universe together after being the center of the Crisis on Infinite Earths, to destroy it and thereby induce a new Big Bang.
Superman dives into the sun to acquire a sufficient power boost to oppose Brainiac, but when it is then discovered that Warworld cannot be destroyed without releasing Imperiex and triggering another Big Bang, he has the Martian Manhunter form a telepathic link with other combatants to make a last-minute plan.
Using his new power boost, Superman is able to literally push Warworld itself through the boom tube, sending both Imperiex Prime's and Brainiac's consciousnesses back to the Big Bang, destroying both villains through a combined effort while negating any effect they would have had on the present.
 Entropy manipulation: Imperiex wielded the power of the Big Bang itself, and was capable of projecting energy blasts powerful enough to destroy Doomsday with one blast.
Upscale boutiques include Burberry, Prada, Gucci, MAC Cosmetics, Hugo Boss, Chanel, Hermès, Louis Vuitton, Holt Renfrew, Tiffany & Co., Escada, Ermenegildo Zegna, Cartier, Harry Rosen, Calvin Klein, Cole Haan, Vera Wang, Lacoste, Ferrari, Maserati, Bang and Olufsen, Betsey Johnson, Max Mara, Montblanc, Bulgari, Birks, Coach, Guerlain, Swarovski, and others.
Liu Jiao, the younger half-brother of Liu Bang, became the first Prince of Chu.
He went on to say "I had also written a slam bang action finale that was cut for budgetary reasons.
"And a Bang on the Ear", in which Scott summarises a past romantic attachment in each verse, finishing the song with a current "woman of the hearthfire", was released as the second single from the album.
Confusion amongst listeners about what a bang on the ear might be about prompted The Waterboys' Frequently Asked Questions page to note, more than ten years later, that it was "a term of affection".
Atom: An Odyssey from the Big Bang to Life on Earth...and Beyond by Lawrence Krauss
Bang Records was created by Bert Berns in 1965 together with his partners from Atlantic Records: Ahmet Ertegun, Nesuhi Ertegun and Jerry Wexler.
At Bang he had an immediate string of hit records, including "I Want Candy" by the Strangeloves, "Hang On Sloopy" by the McCoys, "Brown Eyed Girl" by Van Morrison and "Solitary Man" and "Kentucky Woman" by Neil Diamond.
According to Van Morrison the tension arose because of the contract he signed with Bang Records without legal advice.
Shortly after what was said to be a "tense" confrontation with Berns, Diamond departed Bang for Uni/MCA Records in 1968.
That year Bang finally released "Shilo" as a single, which promptly hit the Top 40 charts.
Also in 1970 she hired promotion man Eddie Biscoe to help run Bang.
In the early years Bang did its own distribution.
While Sony Music owns the Bang Records catalog today, the Berns family still owns the music publishing operations.
In 1979 Columbia Records turned over control of Diamond's Bang master recordings to the artist himself, at the time one of the label's hottest stars, who has remixed and re-released them several times over the years.
George Gamow proposed in 1949 that such a "mock gravity" could have played a role in galaxy formation after the Big Bang.
Zhang Han's territory was conquered by Liu Bang in 206 BC, and he committed suicide a year later.
Dan Lippert, UCB performer and actor, Comedy Bang!
Its primary mission was to characterize universal deuterium in an effort to learn about the stellar processing times of deuterium left over from the Big Bang.
The primary objective of FUSE was to use high-resolution spectroscopy at far ultraviolet wavelengths to study the origin and evolution of the lightest elements (hydrogen and deuterium) created shortly after the Big Bang, and the forces and processes involved in the evolution of galaxies, stars and planetary systems.
 Big Bang Comics (1996-2001; previous volume from Caliber Comics)
The first full album as Material, Memory Serves, was instrumental and featured strong jazz leanings with contributions from Sharrock, Frith, Dara, Threadgill and violinist Billy Bang.
In 1996, he created his own label, Big Bang Music.
Dillon left Óige in 1995 after being asked to replace Kate Rusby in a so-called folk supergroup Equation; however, she guests on their second studio album, Bang On, playing fiddles on the last track, "Maids of Mitchelstown".
Interiors will feature handcrafted real wood trim, real metal accents, soft-touch materials, 12-speaker Bang & Olufsen luxury sound system, dual panel panoramic glass roof with power shade, soft premium diamond-quilted perforated leather climate-controlled and massaging seats with French seam stitchwork, soft leather wrapped dash, steering wheel, and door panels with single and double stitched ornamental stitchwork.
Xiang Yu then engaged with Liu Bang, another prominent anti-Qin rebel, in a long struggle for supremacy over the lands of the former Qin Empire, which became known as the Chu–Han Contention.
A 2018 study suggests that some local dwarf galaxies formed extremely early, during the Dark Ages within the first billion years after the big bang.
Astronomers believe that UFDs encode valuable information about the early Universe, as all UFDs discovered so far are ancient systems that have likely formed very early on, only a few million years after the Big Bang and before the epoch of reionization.
Lucy goes above and beyond to ensure Valerie gets the life saving procedure - even going so far as to bang on Dr. Robert Romano's door in the middle of the night on Christmas Eve.
Other TV shows that have referenced the Ernest movies include ALF, Saved by the Bell, Mystery Science Theater 3000, Kenan & Kel, The Nanny, How I Met Your Mother, The Big Bang Theory, Teen Titans Go, Paradise PD, and many more.
The Korean boy band Big Bang based their song, "붉은노을 ("Sunset Glow"), in honor of the caveman.
When Liu Bang established Han dynasty, he granted Dai and the title of King of Dai to his brother Liu Zhong in 201 BC.
As a result, Liu Bang commanded an army in person from Luoyang.
With the help of Fan Kuai and Zhou Bo, Liu Bang defeated Chen Xi very soon.
Essays and Biblical Studies on the Big Bang and Evolution
Mir (South Korean singer), Bang Chul-yong, member of band MBLAQ
He likewise satirizes his Back to the Future Part II character in "The Big Bang Theory", this time playing a Vatican worker whose role is essentially identical to that of his Western Union character.
A video of the event was released under the title The World's Biggest Gang Bang.
The World's Biggest Gang Bang is a pornographic film staged in a Hollywood studio starring Annabel Chong and billed as her having sex with 300 men.
Ron Jeremy (host of the event) introduces the fluff girls and commences the gang bang.
Criticism was levied against the producers of The World's Biggest Gang Bang for the level of risk Chong unknowingly exposed herself to.
A gang bang is a sexual activity in which one person is the central focus of the sexual activity of several people, usually more than three, sequentially or simultaneously.
Bukkake is a type of gang bang originating in Japan that focuses on the central person being ejaculated upon by male participants.
When the gang bang is organized specifically to culminate with the (near) simultaneous or rapid serial ejaculations of all male participants on the central man or woman, then it may be referred to by the Japanese term bukkake.
Although the participants of a gang bang may know each other, the spontaneity and anonymity of participants is often part of the attraction.
Jasmin St. Claire described her "record", purportedly set with 300 men in World's Biggest Gang Bang 2, as "among the biggest cons ever pulled off in the porn business", with merely about 30 men "strategically placed and filmed," only ten of whom were actually able to perform sexually on camera.
There he confronts the Grandmaster, who, in an attempt to save his own universe, informs Krona of the existence of a being in the Marvel Universe who has witnessed the Big Bang.
In 2017, Lee Aaron played a number of shows in Germany as well as an appearance at Bang Your Head Festivals and two separate gigs in London and Wolverhampton.
According to Margaret Wertheim, "History abounds with religious enthusiasts who have read spiritual portent into the arrangement of the planets, the vacuum of space, electromagnetic waves and the big bang.
At 07:05 the depleted company—reduced to a single platoon and Company Headquarters—continued the search east as far as the edge of the rubber plantation, while A Company searched down the Suối Da Bang towards them.
As the rain began, Roberts moved along the edge of the rubber plantation north-east of Long Phước in column towards the heavily swollen Suối Da Bang.
Berns experienced enormous success with the establishment of his Bang Records label in 1965, with pop and rock acts such as The McCoys, Neil Diamond, and Van Morrison dominating its roster of artists.
Looking to return to his original passion for rhythm and blues, Berns established Shout Records as a subsidiary of Bang Records to be an exclusive home for R&B and soul music.
It is frequently referred to as the standard model of Big Bang cosmology because it is the simplest model that provides a reasonably good account of the following properties of the cosmos:
The discovery of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) in 1964 confirmed a key prediction of the Big Bang cosmology.
Scott-Key and Winstead have aside project, the band Bang Lime.
In June 2003, the band released Dreams That Breathe Your Name in France and Benelux on PIAS and Bang Records respectively, followed by an American release in 2004 on their own label Diluvian.
Joshua Charles Malina (born January 17, 1966) is an American film and stage actor known for playing Will Bailey on the NBC drama The West Wing, Jeremy Goodwin on Sports Night, US Attorney General David Rosen on Scandal, and Caltech President Siebert on The Big Bang Theory.
From 2011 to 2019, Malina appeared as University President Siebert on The Big Bang Theory.
 The Big Bang Theory (2011–2019) – President Siebert (14 episodes)
 fireworks, such as firecrackers, bottle rockets, bang snaps and others
As with the television series, the film was dubbed at Bang Zoom!
Just before midnight, the plane, headed for Van Nuys, California, was racing down the runway when the occupants heard a loud bang.
The bar television almost exclusively shows Big Bang Theory, and there is a small stereo in the main room which students can hook up to their own musical collections if desired.
An optional 12-speaker Bang & Olufsen Play sound system is also available as the Tech Packages, which also includes puddle lamps, blind-spot monitoring, and cross-traffic alert The GT350 now comes standard with the 8-inch SYNC 3 touchscreen infotainment and dual-zone climate control.
lang and her band the Siss Boom Bang covered the song as part of her concert at the BBC Radio Theater.
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Excelsior Acquisition", a poster can be seen in the comic book shop.
He is also voiced by Dana Hayes in the Bang Zoom!
He is voiced by Jōji Yanami in Japanese media until episode twelve of Dragon Ball Super, where Naoki Tatsuta took over the role, Don Brown and Dave Ward in the Ocean dub, Sean Schemmel in the Funimation dub, and Michael McConnohie in the Bang Zoom!
According to the Hùng kings narrative, the eighteen Hùng kings belonged to the Hong Bang dynasty (c. 2879-258 BCE) that ruled over the northern part of modern Vietnam in antiquity.
B of the Bang was a sculpture by Thomas Heatherwick next to the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester, England, United Kingdom, which was commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games; it was one of the tallest structures in Manchester and the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008.
]]B of the Bang originally stood  tall with 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes radiating from a central core.
The location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown.B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity, in Beswick, at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road.
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003, which contributed to the sculpture gaining the nickname G of the Bang.
Despite these modifications, B of the Bang remained fenced off, prompting a local newspaper campaign to 'Get It Sorted'.
Acting on a report in January 2009, the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be dismantled and placed in storage until funds could be raised for its safe reinstatement.
In January 2009, Antony Gormley, creator of the Angel of the North—to which B of the Bang is often compared—spoke out in support of the sculpture, stating that, "It is a great tribute to Manchester that this ground-breaking work was commissioned.
Sex Wax for drummers is marketed and distributed by Big Bang Distribution company.
In it, he explores time from the Big Bang to the discovery of quantum mechanics, via evolution and geology.
While it is also produced by nuclear fusion in stars, most helium-4 in the Sun and in the universe is thought to have been produced by the Big Bang, and is referred to as "primordial helium".
It explains the fact that, in the first few minutes after the Big Bang, as the "soup" of free protons and neutrons which had initially been created in about a 6:1 ratio cooled to the point where nuclear binding was possible, almost all atomic nuclei to form were helium-4 nuclei.
All heavier elements—including those necessary for rocky planets like the Earth, and for carbon-based or other life—thus had to be produced, since the Big Bang, in stars which were hot enough to fuse elements heavier than hydrogen.
The album begins with the bang of a gong (tam-tam) and cymbal washes on the first track, "Acknowledgement".
"Tentai Kansoku" and "Karma" were also featured as covers by the band Afterglow in the mobile game for BanG Dream!.
Bang is Betawi language for Mas.
The 37-year-old went out with a bang, picking up 14 postseason points as the Blues made it into the Finals in their inaugural campaign.
The eighth one was on 31 July 2006 during their A Bigger Bang tour.
While Iltutmish was busy at the north-western frontier of his empire, Ghiyasuddin captured parts of present-day Bihar, and also extracted tribute from the smaller states of Jajnagar, Tirhut, Bang (in Bengal region), and Kamrup.
Astrologers practice their discipline geocentrically and they consider the universe to be harmonious, changeless and static, while astronomers have employed the scientific method to infer that the universe is without a center and is dynamic, expanding outward per the Big Bang theory.
For a bang to be effective, the game master shouldn't force a specific choice, and the player doing nothing should also have consequences.
Their next album, Big Bang (1995) mixes techno with heavy metal.
However, the hiatus lasted until March 2007, when she performed at AP Bang!
 RARCDBOX010 - Bang - "Bullets 4 x CD Box Set"
 Some have interpreted the lyrics as being about a gang bang.
2004: Kiss!² Bang!²
This has several applications in physical cosmology, including the formation of the light elements in Big Bang nucleosynthesis, the production of dark matter and baryogenesis.
In the very dense medium formed by the primordial plasma after the Big Bang, particles are continuously created and annihilated.
This includes the formation of the light elements in Big Bang nucleosynthesis, the production of dark matter and baryogenesis.
"Someone like You", a song by Bang Tango from Psycho Café
Bang for the buck
All of the voices were re-recorded by Bang Zoom!
He also said that "Young sounds comfortable and confident, singing with the versatile voice that has changed remarkably little in the 40 years since" and concluded that it "was a sort of big bang for Young, a dense moment of creative explosion that saw possibilities expanding in every direction".
Olivier Messiaen's "Death and Resurrection," Bobby Beausoleil's "Lucifer Rising," Krzysztof Penderecki's "Apocalypsis," Biff Rose's "Fill Your Heart" (Tiny Tim's version) and Anton LaVey's "The Satanic Mass," and Manson's own songs "Clang Bang Clang" and "Mechanical Man" from the album Lie: The Love and Terror Cult, were played during the film.
Externally, the two rifles look mostly identical, and the main difference that sets them apart is that the G43 reloads with external box magazines (10 rounds), and has a short-stroke piston, whereas the G41 uses the same system as that in the M1922 Bang rifle.
", when the armless man runs to Salad Fingers' house and begins to bang his head on the door.
 "Big Bang Theory" (Barrère, Murphy, Payne, Tackett, Wray) – 5:32
gambling devices, see, e.g., Brewer v. Lichtenstein and Ex parte Murphy) or deceitful (see, Juicy Whip, Inc. v. Orange Bang, Inc. (dealing with a juice dispenser that arguably deceived the public into believing that the liquid seen in the attached reservoir was that which was being dispensed)).
"(Juicy Whip Inc. v. Orange Bang Inc., 185 F.3d 1364, 1367–68, 51 USPQ2d 1700, 1702-03 (Fed.
In more recent years, T4 had provided Channel 4 a broadcast window of programmes that are also broadcast in primetime slots on E4, such as The Big Bang Theory.
"Big Bang Theory" (Barrère, Shaun Murphy, Payne, Fred Tackett, Bill Wray) – 6:10
Han Xin (; died 196 BC) was a Chinese military general and politician who served Liu Bang during the Chu–Han Contention and contributed greatly to the founding of the Han dynasty.
In recognition of Han Xin's contributions, Liu Bang conferred the titles of "King of Qi" on him in 203 BC and "King of Chu" in the following year.
However, Liu Bang feared Han Xin's growing influence and gradually reduced his authority, demoting him to "Marquis of Huaiyin" in late 202 BC.
Xiahou Ying was surprised and spared Han Xin's life and recommended him to Liu Bang.
Liu Bang was not impressed with Han Xin and put him in charge of food supplies.
In 206 BC, Liu Bang was granted the title of "King of Han" by Xiang Yu after the latter divided the former Qin Empire into the Eighteen Kingdoms, and was relocated to the remote Bashu region (in present-day Sichuan).
Meanwhile, Han Xin was expecting Xiao He to recommend him to Liu Bang, but he had not received news for a long time so he became disappointed and left as well.
In the meantime, Liu Bang had a nervous breakdown after hearing a rumour that Xiao He had also deserted him.
Xiao He then strongly recommended Han Xin to Liu Bang, saying that Han's talent was unmatched.
Liu Bang accepted Xiao He's suggestion and held a special ceremony to appoint Han Xin as a general.
After his appointment, Han Xin analysed the situation for Liu Bang and devised a plan for Liu to conquer Xiang Yu's Western Chu kingdom.
Xiang Yu turned back from his campaign in the Qi kingdom to retake Pengcheng and defeated Liu Bang by surprise in the Battle of Pengcheng.
Liu Bang retreated to Xingyang after his defeat.
Xiao He was placed in charge of Guanzhong and he sent Han to lead reinforcements to help Liu Bang.
In late 205 BC, Liu Bang put Han Xin in command of an army and sent him to conquer the rival kingdoms in northern China.
After his victory, Han Xin sent a messenger to Zang Tu (King of Yan) asking for his surrender, and Zang Tu agreed to submit to Liu Bang.
In late 204 BC, Liu Bang ordered Han Xin to lead an army to attack the Qi kingdom.
However, Liu Bang later sent Li Yiji to persuade Tian Guang (King of Qi) to surrender, without informing Han Xin.
Han Xin later sent a messenger to Liu Bang, requesting that Liu appoint him as the acting King of Qi.
However, Zhang Liang and Chen Ping cautioned Liu Bang against rejecting the request, because Han Xin may become discontented and would rebel, putting them in a dangerous situation.
Liu Bang reluctantly agreed to Han Xin's request.
Meanwhile, Xiang Yu sent Wu She to persuade Han Xin to declare independence from Liu Bang and form an alliance with him, in hope of losing an opponent on the northern front.
Kuai Che also strongly urged Han Xin to rebel against Liu Bang, warning him that Liu was starting to distrust him because he wielded too much power.
In 203 BC, Liu Bang came to an armistice with Xiang Yu, known as the Treaty of Hong Canal, which divided China into west and east under their respective domains.
Shortly after, Liu Bang renounced the treaty and led an attack on Xiang Yu's forces, which were retreating east.
Liu Bang retreated back to his territory and strengthened his defences, while sending messengers to Han Xin and Peng Yue again, promising to grant them land and titles if they helped him defeat Xiang Yu.
Han Xin and Peng Yue brought their armies to meet Liu Bang in late 203 BC, and Han suggested using a strategy of "ambush on ten sides" () to weaken Xiang Yu's forces before making a final assault.
Chen Ping proposed to lure Han Xin into meeting, on a pretext of Liu Bang touring the Yunmeng Marshes (present-day Jianghan Plains, Hubei Province).
In this autobiography, Liu Bang was immediately notified of Han Xin's rebellion and execution, rather than waiting until after his return.
They believe that Lü Zhi and Xiao He framed Han Xin of treason, under the knowledge of Liu Bang, because Han Xin's reputation amongst the military was too high, and combined with his talents, became a threat to the throne.
When Han Xin selects his troops, the more the better (): Originated from a conversation between Han Xin and Liu Bang.
Liu Bang said, "So that means I cannot defeat you?"
After the show at the Bang Your Head!!!
The most important applications of semiclassical gravity are to understand the Hawking radiation of black holes and the generation of random gaussian-distributed perturbations in the theory of cosmic inflation, which is thought to occur at the very beginning of the big bang.
 Bang Chan, member and leader of the South Korean boy band Stray Kids, lived in Strathfield for some time during his teenage years.
 Edward L. Wright (1947–) promoted big bang theories, studied the effect of dust absorption on measurements of the cosmic background
The single was issued on Bang Records and entered the chart on August 14, 1965, effectively beating the Dave Clark Five to the charts.
JUMP and Haruna Kawaguchi also with Vivian Hsu, Eric Tsang, Big Bang member Seungri, Rookies actor Kenta Kiritani and Taiwanese actor Chun Wu (in Japanese voice was Daisuke Namikawa, who also voiced Jellal from Fairy Tail).
He was well versed in law and had a wide network of friends and acquaintances, among whom include Liu Bang, Cao Shen, Fan Kuai, Xiahou Ying and Zhou Bo.
Once, Liu Bang released some prisoners he was escorting to Mount Li to be labourers, and became a fugitive.
The magistrate of Pei County considered rebelling as well, so he heeded Xiao He and Cao Shen's advice to invite Liu Bang back to support him.
As he was afraid that Xiao He and Cao Shen might open the gates for Liu Bang, he intended to have them executed, but Xiao and Cao escaped and joined Liu.
After returning to Pei County, the townsfolk wanted Liu Bang to lead them to overthrow the Qin dynasty.
However, Liu Bang expressed reluctance in taking up the leadership position and the people agreed to decide their leader by luck.
Xiao He was in charge of the process and he had the names of ten respectable men in town, including Liu Bang, written on separate pieces of paper and shuffled.
Xiao He then asked Liu Bang to pick any piece from the pile, without seeing the name on it, and Liu picked his own name by chance.
Xiao He immediately grabbed the remaining pieces of paper, put them into his mouth and chewed them to shreds, after which he proclaimed Liu Bang as their leader.
Liu Bang became known as the "Duke of Pei" and built his rebel army in Pei County, with Xiao He and his friends supporting him.
Liu Bang learnt from Xiao He later that actually all the ten pieces of paper contained his name, and Xiao had deliberately tampered with the system to help him.
In 206 BC, the Qin dynasty collapsed after the last Qin ruler, Ziying, surrendered to Liu Bang.
Liu Bang was forced to retreat from Xianyang later as Xiang Yu's army arrived and occupied the city.
Liu Bang received the title of "King of Han" and was relocated to the remote Bashu region (in present-day Sichuan), with Xiao He and his followers accompanying him.
Liu Bang was unhappy and wanted to attack Xiang Yu because the land of Guanzhong rightfully belonged to him, according to an earlier promise by Emperor Yi of Chu, but was granted by Xiang to three surrendered Qin generals instead.
However, Xiao He and others managed to persuade Liu Bang to temporarily remain in Bashu and build up his forces in preparation for a battle for supremacy with Xiang Yu later.
When Xiao He learnt that Han Xin had left, he immediately rushed to find Han and bring him back, without managing to inform Liu Bang in time.
Meanwhile, Liu Bang thought that Xiao He had also deserted him and was shocked, but was relieved when he saw Xiao returning with Han Xin days later.
Liu Bang asked Xiao He, "Of all those who deserted, why did you choose to bring back Han Xin only?"
In 206 BC, Liu Bang conquered the Three Qins and left Xiao He in charge of Guanzhong and Bashu, while he led his army eastward to attack Xiang Yu's Western Chu kingdom.
Liu Bang eventually defeated Xiang Yu at the Battle of Gaixia in 202 BC and unified China under his rule.
Xiao He chases Han Xin under the moonlight (): Originated from the event where Xiao trailed Han Xin for a few days, even at night, in order to catch up with the latter and bring him back to Liu Bang.
The first, Not With a Bang But A Whimper, appeared in August 2009.
 Not With a Bang But a Whimper: The Politics and Culture of Decline (US edition) (2008) 
 Not With a Bang But a Whimper: The Politics and Culture of Decline (UK edition; contains three essays that are not in the US edition) (2009) 
Cronin claimed that Pearlman had "wanted to bang everyone" and had attempted to seduce him multiple times.
After adopting a free-to-play model in 2011, the title was named "Best Bang for the Buck" in Massively's annual awards that same year.
 MED - "Blind Man" from Bang Ya Head (2005)
The first episode, "The Big Bang Theory", was number 7 in the Canadian Nielsen ratings, and the second episode, "Rave On", was number 14.
 Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang (2015)
 Marginal#4: Kiss kara Tsukuru Big Bang (2017) as Rui Aiba
Sheldon Cooper references it often in The Big Bang Theory.
 Not with a Bang (play) (1983, Samuel French)
 Occasionally, the Stooges faced a problem that required deep thought, whereupon Curly would bang his head on a wall several times, then shout, "I got it!
He was noted for having engaged in a debate with Nikita Khrushchev at the United Nations General Assembly that allegedly provoked the Soviet Union Premier to bang his shoe on a desk.
The founder of the Han dynasty, Liu Bang, was once enfeoffed as the king of the Hanzhong region after overthrowing the Qin dynasty.
Liu Bang, who would later become the founding emperor of the Han dynasty, was made lord of Hanzhong.
In 206 BC, after the victory at Gaixia, Liu Bang named his imperial dynasty after his native district, as was customary.
On the evening of 7 August, she sank 16 small craft by gunfire off Bang Saponnoi, Thailand.
Then we heard a loud bang of the Iron Dome – a new protection system used to intercept rockets.
To the north is Mueang Chonburi district, to the northeast Ban Bueng district, to the southeast Pluak Daeng district of Rayong Province, and to the south is Bang Lamung district.
The third-highest-grossing concert tour of all time is The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which earned approximately $558 million between 2005 and 2007.
The first five beers from the Craft Academy was launched at Craft Beer Rising Festival in London and include; Over Easy (3.8% session IPA), Big Bang IPA (5.6% bold and citrusy IPA), Bitter Sweet (6% black IPA), Desert Ryeder (4.8% rye beer) and High & Dry (5% dry hop lager).
The second and third discs were released as Blu-ray DVDs, one containing Annihilator's full set at Bang Your Head Festival in Germany, and the other containing a documentary profiling the band's extensive career.
"I am not ashamed to confess that I seldom hesitated, as soon as a batsman came to the crease, to let him have a quick one bang in the penis; after which a quick, simple straight one would invariably remove him from the scene".
On a more base level, it's fucking fantastic to jump up and down and bang your head to, which is the level where politics and pop most effectively connect."
The magazine has also published articles and book reviews that are critical of the Big Bang theory that describes the origin of the universe.
In his speech at the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in 2014, Pope Francis declared that he accepted the Big Bang theory and the theory of evolution and that God was not "a magician with a magic wand".
He often performs "dramatic reenactments" of loud moments in history, such as the Big Bang and the creation of dynamite; with each of this, the viewer is told to turn up the TV volume "for maximum effect."
The district is also home to several major companies, including COWI A/S, Bang & Olufsen, ICEpower a/s and Microsoft.
Static confronts numerous bang babies and other super powered adversaries: Hotstreak, Tarmack, Holocaust, Commando X, Puff, Coil, Snakefingers, Rift, The Swarm, Dr. Kilgore, Rubberband Man, Brat-atat-tat, Prometheus, Run, Jump & Burn, Boom Box, Powerfist, LaserJet, etc.
In the animated series, Virgil did use the relationship between his powers and water a few times for advantages, like against the water Bang Baby, Aqua-Maria, as he blasted the wet floor full of electricity (electrolysis of water), knocking a few of his enemies out.
The flatness problem (also known as the oldness problem) is a cosmological fine-tuning problem within the Big Bang model of the universe.
Since the time of the Planck era, shortly after the Big Bang, this term has decreased by a factor of around  and so  must have increased by a similar amount to retain the constant value of their product.
Such an interaction averts the unphysical big bang singularity, replacing it with a bounce at a finite minimum scale factor, before which the Universe was contracting.
When he received a phone call from Bert Berns, owner of Bang Records, who had produced a number of recordings with Them, he flew to New York City and hastily signed a contract (which biographer Clinton Heylin says probably still gives him sleepless nights).
Because of a contract he signed with Bang Records without legal advice, Morrison states that he has never received any royalties for writing or recording this song.
The contract made him liable for virtually all recording expenses incurred for all of his Bang Records recordings before royalties would be paid, and after those expenses were recouped, the revenue would become the "subject of some highly creative accounting".
Her other television work includes the comedy series Not with a Bang and Downwardly Mobile, and she is remembered for her performances as Maggie Costello in the cricketing comedy drama Outside Edge alongside Timothy Spall and Brenda Blethyn, for which she was awarded the Spectacle Wearer of the Year award in 1993.
He co-conceived and wrote the English dubs of three of the films created by Belgian animator Picha, including The Missing Link (1980), The Big Bang (1987), and Snow White: The Sequel (2007).
Inflationary models propose that at approximately 10−36 seconds after the Big Bang, vacuum state of the Universe was different from the one seen at the present time: the inflationary vacuum had a much higher energy density.
It is not known exactly when the inflationary epoch ended, but it is thought to have been between 10−33 and 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang.
He appeared in three episodes of The Big Bang Theory as Dave Gibbs, a guy Amy dates after she breaks up with Sheldon.
Hitters such as Nigel Wilson, Jerry Brooks, Yukio Tanaka, Atsushi Kataoka, Katsuhiro Nishiura and a young Michihiro Ogasawara formed what became known as the Big Bang lineup and subsequently shattered various batting records.
Unfortunately, Aya and her modified Manhunters attack Ranx to obtain the device built in the Anti-Monitor's head to arrive to the moment before the Big Bang.
Joe Lesté from Bang Tango and Jizzy Pearl from Love/Hate were considered as candidates, with Pearl getting the job.
The race started with a bang, as Senna's hopes at a home Grand Prix victory were dashed after a clash with Berger in the first turn.
Being a distant relative of Liu Bang, the founder of the Han dynasty, he was thus a member of the ruling dynastic clan (the Liu family).
หมาบางตัว (ma bang tua, some dogs).
Big Bang Love, Juvenile A (2006)
On 29 April Bang reported a large convoy  away, and the wolf pack attacked, Parche sinking one ship.
It is unrelated to , which is onomatopoeic and roughly means to bang or to rustle.
The cosmic microwave background is blackbody background radiation left over from the Big Bang (the rapid expansion, roughly 13.8 billion years ago, that was the beginning of the universe.
Such mini black holes are postulated to have been created during the Big Bang, unlike currently known black holes.
Bang Pa-in (, ) is one of the 16 districts (amphoe) of Ayutthaya Province, central Thailand.
The historic building Bang Pa-in Royal Palace was built during the Prasat Thong's  reign, which was believed that he was a cousin to Songtham.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, Uthai and Wang Noi of Ayutthaya Province, Khlong Luang of Pathum Thani Province, and Bang Sai of Ayutthaya.
 Bang Pa-in Royal Palace
It runs in a southwest–northeast direction between Charoen Krung and Rama IV roads in the city's Bang Rak District, forming the boundary between Suriyawong Subdistrict to its north and Si Lom Subdistrict to its south.
In the 1890s and 1900s, enterprising developers built roads and canals parallel to Si Lom (Sathon Road to the south, and Surawong and Si Phraya to the north), and the area that is now Bang Rak District became served by a network of roads, attracting businesses as well as wealthy residents.
Si Lom Road runs from Sala Daeng Intersection at its eastern end—where it meets Rama IV and Ratchadamri roads—west and slightly south to Bang Rak Junction, where it meets Charoen Krung Road.
Towards Bang Rak Junction to the west, the neighbourhood is home to a significant Tamil Indian community, and the Hindu Sri Mahamariamman Temple, whose Navaratri celebrations are a major annual event on Si Lom, forms major landmark here.
On the corner of Bang Rak Junction, the gigantic State Tower building towers over the neighbourhood and the next-door Lerdsin Hospital.
We don't even have experience of the coming into being of anything remotely analogous to the “initial singularity” that figures in the Big Bang theory of the origin of the universe."
Scientific evidence that the universe began to exist a finite time ago at the Big Bang.
New CEO Alfred T. Mockett was hired by AMS in 2001 to grow the company's sales from $1.1 billion to $3 billion a year, with a goal of becoming a top tier system integrator through growth and acquisitions, with an eventual goal of a "big bang merger of equals."
Atchley's music and live performances have been featured at various venues and festivals including The Kitchen, Bang on a Can, and the San Francisco Electronic Music Festival.
Captain Blood was followed by the sequel Commander Blood in 1994 and later by Big Bug Bang in 1997, a French-only release.
He then continued recording with Styx for their 2005 album, Big Bang Theory.
The Dudesons in America was first aired on 1 August 2010 in the UK, on MTV Bang.
In addition to leading his own bands, Carvin has played and recorded with Dizzy Gillespie, Dexter Gordon, Jackie McLean, Hank Jones, McCoy Tyner, Illinois Jacquet, Pharoah Sanders, Bobby Hutcherson, James Moody, Hampton Hawes, Ruth Brown, Johnny Hartman, Abbey Lincoln, Jimmy Smith, Hugh Masekela, Alice Coltrane, Cecil Taylor, Charles Brown, Terumasa Hino, Bobby Watson, Billy Bang, and many others.
In 2014, TMCM stories appeared in BANG!
These charges first surfaced in 1988 when Diamond rejected Matt Feazell's comic Ant Boy, and in 1989 when it similarly decided not to carry Allen Freeman's Slam Bang anthology.
The Big Bang Theory, in "The Convention Conundrum", when Sheldon and James Earl Jones go to prank Carrie Fisher, her house number is shown to be 138.
Her chief competitors early in her prime years were the Chinese players Tang Jiuhong and Huang Hua, and, later, China's Ye Zhaoying and the Korean Bang Soo-hyun.
That style was in contrast to most of the top female players of her time such as Bang Soo-hyun, Tang Jiuhong, Huang Hua, and Ye Zhaoying, who employed a more aggressive style.
The quark–gluon plasma produced by these experiments approximates the conditions in the universe that existed microseconds after the Big Bang, before the matter coalesced into atoms.
Syndicated programming broadcast by WTTO/WDBB () includes Modern Family, Hot Bench, The Andy Griffith Show, The Big Bang Theory and Two and a Half Men.
The galaxy, termed HFLS3, is located at z = 6.34, originating only 880 million years after the Big Bang.
In it Perez, speaking from 2002, lays out a history of five technological revolutions that follow a similar pattern of bang, bust and, hopefully, renewal.
Byrne later revealed on his website that the conclusion would have seen a dying Galactus releasing his power, causing a new big bang and transforming his herald Nova into the Galactus of the next universe.
Bang Soo-won of the Haitai Tigers pitched the first no-hitter in Korean professional baseball history, in 1984 against the Sammi Superstars.
 Tsukushi Futaba, a character from the anime franchise BanG!
In season 4, he receives an audition for The Big Bang Theory, but never hears the answering machine message saying so.
However, the graphics and sound are spectacular and if you want a good game to bang with your buddies or to just play a you-vs-cpu game every now and then, this game is a great one."
Bang Jung-ho, Kim Tong-kwan and Yoo Huk-jae reached the summit after a sieged ascent quoted as 5.10 A3.
"Shinshoku ~lose control~" was covered by Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Other versions followed suit and have since received the Big Bang update.
However, the Black Wings were able to return the Black Mage to reality for a moment, causing a cataclysm known as the Big Bang.
An update entitled Big Bang was released in Korean MapleStory in July 2010 with other versions following suit.
Big Bang changed the game's core coding, and changed many aspects of the game.
Additional single releases from the album included "Lover Come Back to Me", "In Too Deep" and "My Heart Goes Bang (Get Me to the Doctor)".
 "To bang your head against a brick wall" – to continually try to achieve something without success
MOTOR is Australia's leading performance car publication, with two major awards for automotive manufacturers: Performance Car of The Year and Bang For Your Bucks.
The winner is determined by combining performance data, as gathered on a racetrack, with price to produce a Bang For Your Bucks score.
This specific solution to the Wheeler–deWitt equation is meant to explain the initial conditions of the Big Bang cosmology.
Classical cosmology is based on Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity (GTR or simply GR) which describes the evolution of the universe very well, as long as you do not approach the Big Bang.
He studied physics at the Leibniz University Hannover between 1960 and 1963, and at several American universities including Georgia Institute of Technology, where he learned general relativity as a graduate student from George Gamow, one of the fathers of the Big Bang theory.
The World of Captain Beefheart featuring Gary and the fabulous Nona Hendryx has just been tapped to play Bang On a Can’s new Long Play Festival in Brooklyn over the last weekend in April—venue, date and time TBA.
The new detectors at CAST are also looking for proposed dark matter candidates such as the solar chameleons and pharaphotons as well as the relic axions from the Big bang and Inflation.
Daugherty's composition class at Yale included student composers who would later become unique and important voices in contemporary music: Bang on a Can composers Michael Gordon, David Lang, and Julia Wolfe; along with Robert Beaser, Aaron Jay Kernis, Scott Lindroth, and Betty Olivero.
 Chu Han Zhengxiong 楚汉争雄 (2012), Liu Bang
Bang Kachao covers over 11,818 rai in six tambons in Phra Pradaeng.
Bang Khen (3 km south of Don Mueang)
Quark-gluon plasma hadronization occurred shortly after the Big Bang when the quark–gluon plasma cooled down to the Hagedorn temperature (about 150 MeV) when free quarks and gluons cannot exist.
Choi Jong-yoon as Bang Jong-dae
A Bang & Olufsen store is located on Cribbs Causeway.
One corner of the SSE Arena has been dubbed 'Boomerang Corner' – named in memory of long time Giants fan, Stewart Boone – and is left unreserved for a large group of fans who generate noise, bang drums, and start game night chants.
Spectroscopic observations with ground-based telescopes have shown that I Zwicky 18 is almost exclusively composed of hydrogen and helium, the main ingredients created in the Big Bang.
In August 2011, TBS secured the cable syndication rights to The Big Bang Theory at a reported $4 million per episode to serve as a lead-in to Conan three nights a week.
Another popular website for RPF chosen by youth fanfic writers is Winglin.net or Asianfanfics.com, which is more commonly centered on Taiwanese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese or Chinese musicians and actors, like TVXQ, Super Junior, Big Bang, SHINee, EXO, Mike He, S.H.E, and others.
 Leslie Winkle, a character in the television series The Big Bang Theory
The Big Bang (2002, Drag City)
This chapter focuses on the critical first fraction of a second after the Big Bang, when the amount of symmetry in the universe was thought to have changed abruptly by a process known as symmetry breaking.
Certain problems that arise due to the standard Big Bang theory are addressed, and new answers are given using inflationary cosmology.
Even pop-bound groups like Los Enanitos Verdes rocked harder in their early 1990s works, particularly in their Big Bang album, whose single "Lamento Boliviano" is now a classic.
In January 2013, Kaley Cuoco from the sitcom The Big Bang Theory joined William Shatner as his fictitious daughter in Priceline.com commercials.
Keegan has written six books of poems: Crossing the Why, Big Bang, Remember to Forget, “Alchemy of Age”, “London My London” and “Restrictive Memories".
 Big Bang, (Lulu.com) 2007;  Poems about the start of life and onwards
According to the Hartle–Hawking proposal, the Universe has no origin as we would understand it: the Universe was a singularity in both space and time, pre-Big Bang.
Rather, the universe, and time itself, had a beginning in the Big Bang, about 15 billion years ago.
Cut with the Kitchen Knife is "an explosive agglomeration of cut-up images, bang in the middle of the most well-known photograph of the seminal First International Dada Fair in 1920" (Hudson).
Derrick Bang, Guaraldi historian and author of Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, noted the significance of such a "huge" accomplishment, with Guaraldi sharing top spots with Taylor Swift, Paul McCartney and Eminem.
 Derrick Bang – liner notes
 March 2015 radio interview March 2015 radio interview (KDRT program "Davisville") with David Willat, who as a child sang in the A Charlie Brown Christmas chorus, and Guaraldi author Derrick Bang
Each episode features at least one original song and concludes with a different performance of "Bing Bang (Time to Dance)", which is sung by Stephanie.
The epoch CÐ −43.2683 was 10(−43.2683) seconds, which represents the Planck time since the Big Bang (Time Zero).
There were an infinite number of cosmological decades between the Big Bang and the Planck epoch (or any other point in time).
The current epoch, CÐ 17.6389, is 10(17.6389) seconds, or 13.799(21) billion years, since the Big Bang.
On The Big Bang Theory, Penny and Bernadette worked at The Cheesecake Factory before meeting their respective husbands Leonard and Howard.
His work also effected and influenced a large variety of fields of physics including the Big Bang theory (Einstein's General relativity influenced Georges Lemaître), Quantum mechanics and nuclear energy.
Arno Allan Penzias, the physicist and radio astronomer co-discoverer of the cosmic microwave background radiation, which helped establish the Big Bang theory, the scientists Robert Herman and Ralph Alpher had also worked on that field.
Neko noted on her September 2, 2013, appearance on Comedy Bang!
This horseman would enter the church and fall off his horse with a tremendous bang and clank, showing in this way the triumph of death over earthly might and knightly valour.
Nucleosynthesis is the explanation of how more complex elements are created out of simple elements in the moments following the Big Bang.
Right after the Big Bang, when the temperature was extremely high, if any nuclear particles, such as neutrons and protons, became bound together (being held together by the attractive nuclear force) they would be immediately broken apart by the high energy photons (quanta of light) present in high density.
At some point, roughly one second after the Big Bang, the attractive force of nuclear attraction would begin to win out over the lower energy photons and neutrons and protons would begin to form stable deuterium nuclei.
Later the same year, collaborating with Robert Herman, Alpher predicted the temperature of the residual radiation known as cosmic microwave background radiation resulting from the hypothesized Big Bang.
Alpher and Herman (the latter, posthumously) published their own account of their work in cosmology in 2001, Genesis of the Big Bang (Oxford University Press).
The citation for the award reads "For his unprecedented work in the areas of nucleosynthesis, for the prediction that universe expansion leaves behind background radiation, and for providing the model for the Big Bang theory."
 Bloom, Howard, The Global Brain: The Evolution of Mass Mind from the Big Bang to the 21st Century.
Neighboring districts are Bang Lamung to the north, and Ban Chang of Rayong province to the east.
The minor district (king amphoe) Sattahip was created on 1 April 1937 by separating the sub-districts Sattahip and Na Chom Thien from Bang Lamung district.
There are three sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambons): Sattahip, Na Chom Thian, and Bang Sare.
Na Chom Thian and Bang Sare each parts of the same-named tambon.
Later, it was established as Uttaradit Province and Bang Pho District became the capital district.
In the past, Mueang District was called Bang Pho Tah It.
The Silver Age ShadowHawk also appeared with the Silver Age Knight Watchman in Big Bang Comics #2.
While their insurrection was ultimately unsuccessful, Wu and Chen set up the example that was to be followed by Liu Bang and Xiang Yu.
It is on the banks of the Bang Pakong River.
It includes tambon Na Mueang and parts of Ban Mai, Bang Tin Pet, Wang Takhian, and Sothon of Mueang Chachoengsao District.
Chachoengsao (ฉะเชิงเทรา) is believed to be a corruption of Old Khmer cdiṅ, cdiṅṅ, chdiṅ, chdiṅṅ (“river"; "stream”), corresponding to Modern Khmer ស្ទឹង (stɨng) + Old Khmer jrau, jrov (“deep"), corresponding to Modern Khmer ជ្រៅ (crɨw); literally "deep river"; after the Bang Pakong River.
The western part of the province is the low river plain of the Bang Pakong River, which is used extensively for farming rice.
The provincial slogan is The bountiful Bang Pakong River, the sacred Buddha image of Luangpho Sothon, Phraya Si Sunthon the scholar of Thai language, and the Pristine Ang Rue Nai Forest
The Bang Nara River flows through the town.
Also in 2006, a concert was held by The Rolling Stones, which ended the Australasian leg of its A Bigger Bang World Tour,
Nicollet Park, which had opened with a big win 60 years earlier, went out with a bang in September 28, 1955, as the Millers won the American Association championship tournament, and then went on to vie for the Junior World Series championship, facing the Rochester Red Wings of the International League.
The town covers the entirety of tambon Talat Luang and Bang Kaeo as well as parts of the tambon Sala Daeng, Ban Hae, Ban It, Pho Sa, and Yansue, all of Mueang Ang Thong District.
Muang Wiset Chai Chan was a frontier outpost of Ayutthaya during war with the Burmese, and the site of a Burmese encampment en route to the Battle at Bang Rachan in Singburi.
If, as the Discworld version of the popular "Big Bang theory" states, Great A'Tuin is moving from the Birthplace to the Time of Mating, then at the point of mating the civilizations of the Disc might be crushed, simply slide off, or else the entire world will end.
 Bang Suck Duck (swede and chips optional)
Additionally, some celebrities are known for their roles in the media but not for their work in science, such as Mayim Bialik, one of the stars of the television show The Big Bang Theory, who has a PhD in neuroscience.
The town covers the commune (tambon) Tha Taphao completely and parts of tambons Bang Mak, Wang Phai, Na Thung, Tak Daet, and Khun Krathing.
Pakistan then started 2013 with a bang, winning two games against Nepal with identical 1–0 margins thanks to the brilliance of Hassan Bashir.
Bang the Drum Slowly was a sequel to The Southpaw (1953), with A Ticket for a Seamstitch (1957) and It Looked Like For Ever (1979), completing the tetralogy of baseball novels by Harris.
Bang the Drum Slowly was named one of the top 100 sports books of all time by Sports Illustrated and is the most popular of the four books published in this series, according to the Los Angeles Times.
In its elementals, Bang the Drum Slowly has two familiar themes.
Cordelia Candelaria, author of Seeking the Perfect Game: Baseball in American Literature, rated The Southpaw and Bang the Drum Slowly among the top five baseball novels ever written.
From the Big Bang to sustainable societies.
You want the gun to go bang between the ears of this fucking nag?
 The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019)
 The Bang Shang Lollapalooza Show
For up to 10−35 seconds after the Big Bang, the energy density of the universe was so high that the four forces of nature – strong, weak, electromagnetic, and gravitational – are thought to have been unified into one single force.
For up to 10−12 seconds after the Big Bang, most scientists think that the strong, weak, and electromagnetic forces were unified, while gravity was not.
NPR: Why Urban Joes and CEOs Bang the Drum
On 4 September 1989, Lat Phrao was split off from Bang Kapi along with Bueng Kum as new districts.
Scott Thunes (pronounced "TOO-nis") (born January 20, 1960) is a bass player, formerly with Frank Zappa, Wayne Kramer, Steve Vai, Andy Prieboy, Mike Keneally, Fear, The Waterboys, Big Bang Beat, and others.
She has worked for 4Kids Entertainment, Bang Zoom!, TAJ Productions, NYAV Post, Studiopolis, Central Park Media, and VSI Los Angeles.
The following year, Grimaldi sang "Tippitywitchet" for the first time at Sadler's Wells in Charles Dibdin's pantomime Bang up, or, Harlequin Prime; it became one of his most popular songs.
The horse is the only animal into which one can bang nails.
 The question of whether there was only one Big Bang and if time began with it
As a stark reminder of the force a tsunami can exert, Thai navy boat 813 (Tor 813) lies beached almost  inland from Bang Niang Beach.
Boat 813 was carried inland and came to rest opposite Bang Niang's marketplace.
Since the 2000s, he has become more visible, with two sideman appearances on the CIMP label with the FAB trio (with Billy Bang and Joe Fonda), the Jon Irabagon Trio recording "Foxy", and the bassist Adam Lane.
 Mentioned in the Big Bang Theory Season 4 Episode 21, "The Agreement Dissection."
 Bang Cheol Yong (MBLAQ)
Until this point, many exchanges would act as their own clearing house, however the additional computer systems required to handle large volumes of trades, and the opening of new financial markets in the 1980s, such as the 1986 big bang in the UK, led to a number of exchanges separating or contracting the clearing and settlement functions to dedicated organisations.
Air Steward Nigel Ogden was entering the cockpit when there was a loud bang and the cabin quickly filled with condensation.
The US license for Apocalypse Zero was acquired by Media Blasters who created a dubbed English language version of the anime translated by Takashi Sakudo and produced by Bang Zoom!
Takua Pa is administered by the town council and Tam Tua by a neighboring TAO, Bang Sai.
Jeffra was floored for a count of nine in the ninth, and his defeat looked in inevitable, as Wright continued to bang away at him after he arose for the rest of the round.
 Graphical timeline from Big Bang to Heat Death
Syndicated programs broadcast by KFXK-TV include The People's Court, Mike & Molly, The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family, and Divorce Court, among others.
In the TV series The Big Bang Theory, the character Sheldon's favorite Chinese food is orange chicken.
In 2014, the Angels and Angel Stadium were featured in season 8 of The Big Bang Theory in an episode titled "The First Pitch Insufficiency".
Syndicated programming on WXXA includes The Big Bang Theory, The Simpsons, The Goldbergs, Judge Judy and The People's Court among others.
He surmised that the story is popular with children because "the kids would get a bang out of the irony."
In 2011, Bear Family Records issued a Grammy Award-nominated five-CD box set The Bristol Sessions: The Big Bang of Country Music 1927-1928 containing 124 tracks and a 120-page hardcover book.
Bang was born in Asserballe, on the small Danish island of Als, the son of a South Jutlandic vicar (a relative of N. F. S. Grundtvig).
Bang was homosexual, a fact which contributed to his isolation in the cultural life of Denmark and made him the victim of smear campaigns.
Failed as an actor, Bang earned fame as a theatre producer in Paris and in Copenhagen.
Bang is primarily concerned with "quiet existences", the disregarded and ignored people living boring and apparently unimportant lives.
"Rain Is Fallin'" was a collaboration and featured rap verses from G-Dragon from Big Bang, while "Hybrid Dream" was used as the theme song for the program Countdown Document Byo-Yomi!
More recently, Di Angelo was cast as the voice-over for the Giffgaff advert, sponsoring The Big Bang Theory on E4, which aired between February and May 2012.
He also performed with jazz musicians Eddie Gale, Roy Campbell Jr., Marc Ribot, Mark Helias, Dick Griffin, Billy Bang, Borah Bergman and Hanuman Sextet.
The Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư records that in 1467 in An Bang province of Dai Viet (now Quảng Ninh Province) a Chinese ship blew off course onto the shore.
The bang also provided various welfare services for new Chinese immigrants, including financial services such as the collection of taxes.
As more immigrants poured in the 19th century, the bang served as meeting points for Chinese community leaders to band together to pool seed capital and establish their own businesses.
His research focuses on the earliest moments of creation, and he has made contributions to inflationary cosmology, particle dark matter and structure formation, the theory of big bang nucleosynthesis, and the nature of dark energy.
In 2004, the complete run of the strip was collected by the Charles M. Schulz Museum and Research Center (Santa Rosa, California) in a book, Li'l Beginnings, by Derrick Bang with a foreword by Jean Schulz.
Frederick J. Weertz (1891–1980), a Lutheran minister, and Dorothea Bang Weertz (1895–1985), a music teacher.
They said "Thomas Heatherwick's B of the Bang was a magnificent artistic statement and it was regrettable that technical problems undermined that vision."
Danny Boyle said it was the inspiration for his asking Heatherwick Studio to design the Olympic Cauldron: “It goes back to the time I spent sitting under his B of the Bang sculpture.
by the Beastie Boys and Bang the Drum All Day by Todd Rundgren (earlier in the 1980s, Weasel regularly would close his Friday shows with "She Makes Me Rock Too Much" by Ratso and Switchblade and "Here Comes the Weekend" by Dave Edmunds) and also Party Weekend by Joe "King " Carrasco and The Crowns.
He was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, first for Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) and again for Moonstruck (1987).
In film, he was twice nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Bang the Drum Slowly and Moonstruck.
Galecki went on to star in The Big Bang Theory shortly afterwards.
For the Caliber Comics imprint see Big Bang Comics.
The Big Bang is a significant event in the fictional history of Milestone Comics, in which many of the superheroes and supervillains of Dakota - including Static and the Blood Syndicate - got their powers.
The survivors of two gangs - the Paris Bloods and Force Syndicate - formed the core of the Blood Syndicate, a gang of bang babies which claimed Paris Island as their turf.
The citizens of Dakota demanded the mayor to solve the Bang Babies problem and wanted to know where gas came from, but the mayor didn't give them a straight answer due to her involvement.
In the animated series Static Shock, the Big Bang is described through a flashback narrated by Virgil.
In "Flashback", Ebon finds himself in the past and attempts to set off an earlier (and much larger) Big Bang during a previous gang war, "The Dakota Riots", in the hopes of having a much larger criminal empire to run upon his return.
This results in every Bang Baby, Static and Gear included, losing their powers.
Ebon and Hot-Streak overdose on the substance, fusing into a two-headed Bang Baby, "Ebon-Streak", with the combined powers of both men.
A statement from the band followed: "It has been 10 years since the inception of this band and we wanted to celebrate it with a bang.
Whether you cry, or bang your head later!
One of over 300 caves in Phong Nha Ke Bang National Park, this cave is probably the least-explored of the many caves open to tourists.
A report of field surveys on Biodiversity in Phong Nha Ke Bang forest (Quảng Bình Province, central Vietnam).
He Dong - Thuc Vat / O Phong Nha – Ke Bang Va Hin Namno.
Big Bang Theory (1998)
 1987 : Le Big Bang – by Picha – (France/Belgium)
As Duvall prepares to execute the others, Bishop secretly plants a flash bang grenade on O'Shea, injuring him.
Michael Bang Breen (born May 22, 1961) is an American play-by-play sports commentator for NBA on ABC and is the lead announcer for New York Knicks games on the MSG Network.
Previously, the station preempted stripped broadcasts of etalk and/or repeats of The Big Bang Theory on certain nights with local programming.
This is understood to be the same with the Xue Bang, styled Zi-cong (薛邦, 子從), of the 'Narratives of the School.'
His television roles have included Minder as Kev in the Series 1 episode, The Bengal Tiger, Steve Bracket in Rooms, Citizen Smith (series regular, Ken Mills), Look and Read, Dr Ballantyne, Sweet Sixteen, 161 episodes of Last of the Summer Wine playing Barry Wilkinson, husband of Glenda, Colin's Sandwich, Up the Garden Path and Not with a Bang.
In the museum's planetarium, visitors view a presentation written by AiG's staff astrophysicist that presents creationist cosmologies as alternatives to the Big Bang theory of the origins of the Universe.
Syndicated programs seen on WFTC include The Simpsons, 25 Words or Less, The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family, and Schitt's Creek, among others.
Benga was particularly popular, and his name was reported variously by the press as Artiba, Autobank, Ota Bang, and Otabenga.
Under the Han, the county was the site of Dongyuan, where the emperor Liu Bang led a siege during Chen Xi's rebellion in the early 190sBC.
General relativity is also part of the framework of the standard Big Bang model of cosmology.
Gravitational wave observations can be used to obtain information about compact objects such as neutron stars and black holes, and also to probe the state of the early universe fractions of a second after the Big Bang.
According to these models, our present universe emerged from an extremely dense high-temperature state – the Big Bang – roughly 14 billion years ago and has been expanding ever since.
David Todd Wilkinson (13 May 1935 – 5 September 2002) was a world-renowned pioneer in the field of cosmology, specializing in the study of the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) left over from the Big Bang.
Energy transformations in the universe over time are usually characterized by various kinds of energy, which have been available since the Big Bang, later being "released" (that is, transformed to more active types of energy such as kinetic or radiant energy) by a triggering mechanism.
A direct transformation of energy occurs when hydrogen produced in the Big Bang collects into structures such as planets, in a process during which part of the gravitational potential is to be converted directly into heat.
Familiar examples of other such processes transforming energy from the Big Bang include nuclear decay, which releases energy that was originally "stored" in heavy isotopes, such as uranium and thorium.
In a similar chain of transformations beginning at the dawn of the universe, nuclear fusion of hydrogen in the Sun releases another store of potential energy which was created at the time of the Big Bang.
She meets Stanton at Planet Bang, and begins dating him, unaware of his status as a Follower.
This concept is the basis of the Big Bang theory of cosmology.
Early candidates included heavy baryons that would have had to be created in the Big Bang, but more recent work on nucleosynthesis seems to have ruled most of these out.
 Balls of Steel Behave Yourself Betty White's Off Their Rockers The Big Bang Theory (moved to FOX Funny)
Northern Vietnam (Lang Son, Cao Bang, Bac Kan, and Tuyen Quang provinces): Na Meo language
Mario Delgado returned to the Flyers with a bang as he launched a Brett Durand offering over the center field fence in the second inning.
The labels first release was a single by Yvette the Conqueror titled, "The Boys Were There," produced by Iain Williams (from the bands You You You and Big Bang.
Before G-Unit's signing with Interscope Records, Bang Em Smurf was very closely affiliated with the group.
He claimed that the two recorded a mixtape from which they would earn $5 each; they sold 400,000 copies and 50 Cent allegedly never gave Bang Em' Smurf his share.
In addition, the vehicles were equipped with a Bang & Olufsen 3D Advanced Sound System package, the Executive package, and the Driver Assistance package.
Go, for example, dates as far back as the eighteenth century, in contexts like go bang, go crack, go crash, etc.
In November 2018, Collison published a piece in The Atlantic with Michael Nielsen entitled Science is Getting Less Bang for its Buck, arguing that increased investment in science hasn't produced commensurate output.
Archbold opened up with a bang when the Orange defeated Hobart 28–0.
Reference to Saul Perlmutter was made on the CBS television comedy series The Big Bang Theory during the 2011 episode "The Speckerman Recurrence".
Perlmutter was also referenced in the 2011 episode of The Big Bang Theory, "The Rhinitis Revelation".
After a world tour with The Lemonheads and Wolfmother, they returned to Los Angeles to build a studio (Gang Bang Park), and start a new record with the newest touring lineup including Joe Cardamone, Jeff Watson, Alvin DeGuzman, James Striff and Jason DeCorse.
Young Man Running, Bang!
In early 1989 Hart returned to songwriting in preparation for what would be his final album with EMI America, Bang!.
In Canada First Offense went triple platinum (300,000 copies sold), and Hart achieved the aforementioned Diamond award for Boy in the Box (1 million), with a double platinum certification for Fields of Fire (200,000 sold), and platinum for Young Man Running, BANG!
A journal article by Anthony C. Lopez, Rose McDermott and Michael Bang Petersen uses this idea to give out a hypothesis to explain political events.
Syndicated programs broadcast by WJXT include The Good Dish, Inside Edition, The Kelly Clarkson Show, The Big Bang Theory, Last Man Standing, Entertainment Tonight, and Daily Mail TV among others.
Once the stage of insentient, lifeless matter is attained, then "something like the Big Bang occurs", whereupon matter and manifest world come into concrete existence, from which stage evolution follows.
Farid Bang (born Farid Hamed El Abdellaoui in 1986), German rapper of Moroccan-Spanish descent
The game is known worldwide as Bang!, except in France, where it was known as Wanted!
Cards can be played only during a player's turn (with the exception of Beer, Bang!
when he is the target of a Bang!, and on a Heart he is missed.
 Slab the Killer = Angel Eyes, the Bad in the film The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (Fictional person) – Players trying to cancel his Bang!
Many expansions have been introduced since the release of Bang!
Sermon: players cannot play Bang!
Shootout: players can use 1 extra Bang!
Dodge: Play to avoid a Bang!
Springfield: Play this card and discard another card to Bang!
 Bible: Avoid a Bang!
Iron Plate/Sombrero/Ten Gallon Hat: Avoid a Bang!
Sniper: players may discard 2 Bang!
cards to target an opponent: this counts as a Bang!
A Fistful of Cards: at the beginning of his turn, each player is the target of as many Bang!
Showdown = All cards may be played as if they were Bang!
 Jacky Murieta – By discarding 2 golden nuggets he shoots extra Bang!
Bottle (3 stock, 2 cost, brown border) You can play this as Bang!, Panic!
For each card skipped, she shoots a Bang!
 Colorado Bill – Each time he plays a Bang!
 Mick Defender – Each time he is the solo target of a brown card other than Bang!
 Black Flower – Once per turn, she can shoot an extra Bang!
 Shotgun – range 1, weapon – Each time a player is hit by a Bang!
cards) can be played as a Bang!
Players that hit that player with Bang!
Wild Band – Others players may discard Bang!
is now a target of Bang!.
Fanning – Counts as Bang!
All players (except you) at distance 1 from primary target are also the target of Bang!.
Aim – Play together with a Bang!
Tex Killer: Opponents must discard 1 extra card to avoid your Bang!.
The Stranger: You may play an additional Bang!
Wild Bill: Each time an opponent draws or discards a card from you, your opponent’s AC is the target of a Bang!.
your Bang!, draw a card.
Tom Thron: Each time he becomes AC, your opponent's RC is the target of a Bang!.
West Harding: You may play any number of Bang!
 Bloody Mary – Each time your Bang!
 Julie Cutter – Each time a player makes you lose at least 1 life point, reveal: One Hearts or Diamond, they are target of a Bang!
Bandolier – 1 Load: Once during your turn, you may play one extra Bang!
Thunderer  – (weapon, 3 range)- 1 Load: Get your used Bang!
Buntline Special – (weapon, 2 range) 1 Load: If the Bang!
Double Barrel – (weapon, 1 range) - 1 Load: If you use a diamond Bang!
The 2009 reprint of Bang!
It does not include the player mats nor bullet tokens as found in the boxed version of Bang!
Annie Versary (this is a new character available only with the 10th anniversary version): She may use any card as a Bang!
On October 29, 2009, Palzoun Entertainment (which acquired the official license from DaVinci Games) announced the development of a Bang!
features all the rules from version 4.0 of Bang!
The Starcraft II mod Barcraft is a copy of Bang!
In 2014, DaVinci Editrice initiated a lawsuit against Ziko Games, the Chinese manufacturer that had published Legends of the Three Kingdoms, a game that DaVinci claimed was a clone of Bang!, simply changing the Wild West theme and art to that of ancient China.
Was, who is a fan of the Rolling Stones and saw them in concert when he was age 12 in 1964, produced their albums Voodoo Lounge, Stripped, Bridges to Babylon, Forty Licks, Live Licks, A Bigger Bang and Blue & Lonesome.
 2005: A Bigger Bang – The Rolling Stones (producer, piano)
The theory that cancer could be caused by a virus began with the experiments of Oluf Bang and Vilhelm Ellerman in 1908 at the University of Copenhagen.
Rous at the Rockefeller University extended Bang and Ellerman's experiments to show cell-free transmission of a solid tumor sarcoma to chickens (now known as Rous sarcoma).
Charlotte Friend confirmed Bang and Ellerman findings for liquid tumor in mice by .
Syndicated programming on WILM-LD includes Dr. Phil, The Doctors, Rachael Ray and The Big Bang Theory (which used to air its first-run episodes on WILM-LD through CBS from 2007 to 2016).
Syndicated programs broadcast on KVRR include The Big Bang Theory, Divorce Court, Family Feud, and The People's Court, among others.
 Chen Bang Tang Yu
This timeline of the Big Bang shows a sequence of events as currently theorized by scientists.
is retold in the books Bang Your Head: The Rise and Fall of Heavy Metal by David Konow, and "W.A.S.P.
 In the season 2 episode "The Panty Piñata Polarization" of The Big Bang Theory, the dictionary is being used during a game of Klingon Boggle.
In the season 10 episode 7 of The Big Bang Theory, while Sheldon and Amy are having supper with Leonard and Penny, Sheldon speaks Klingon with Leonard to hide what they are speaking about in front of the girls.
 Member of the executive committee of the 'Ben je bang voor mij?'
The commander, Fang Hushan (方虎山, Bang Ho San), a veteran of Eighth Route Army and former member of the CCP, was also the political commissar.
Between the Chanthaburi and Sankamphaeng mountains lies the basin of the Bang Pakong River system.
It was founded in 1925 by Peter Bang and Svend Olufsen, who designed a radio to work with alternating current, a product of significance at a time when most radios were still running on batteries.
When they officially opened their business in 1925, Bang concentrated on the technology while Olufsen dealt with business.
In May 2015, Harman International announced the completion of its acquisition of Bang & Olufsen's car audio business.
In March 2017, Tymphany, an audio ODM based in Hong Kong and with manufacturing operations in Dongchen, announced the acquisition of the engineering and manufacturing operation in the Czech Republic from Bang & Olufsen.
In January 2020, Bang & Olufsen A/S reported its third consecutive quarterly loss as the Danish hi-fi maker struggled with a buildup of inventory after consumers balked at buying $500 headphones.
Audi markets this sound system using the Bang & Olufsen brand name.
Bang & Olufsen Medicom a/s manufacturers and designs medical products such as inhalers and automatic syringes.
Bang & Olufsen Telecom a/s.
B&O PLAY is the newest member of the Bang & Olufsen family launched in 2012.
Age of Empires III builds on and introduces new features to the Age of Mythology engine, called Bang!
During the 1980s, Bang!
In the early 1990s, Bang!
I want Scud to go out with a bang."
During the voyage, Denham sees Jack Driscoll become tender towards Ann and suggests a love interest for the film’s theme, remarking, "Some big hard-boiled egg gets a look at a pretty face and bang - he cracks up and goes sappy."
Bang!, and in the 2011 film Bridesmaids.
In 1812, Qing Dynasty officer Fan Bang Gan was assigned to Luodong.
Neighbouring districts are Chatuchak, Wang Thonglang, Bang Kapi, Suan Luang, Watthana, Ratchathewi, and Din Daeng.
Adjustments to the district were made in 1978, adjusting boundaries with neighboring districts Phaya Thai and Bang Kapi, and again in 1993, creating the new Din Daeng District.
Hartnett took his first nightclub photograph of punk icon Soo Catwoman at Bang Disco, London, in October 1976.
 Josh Brener, actor in Silicon Valley, Maron, and The Big Bang Theory, and former Pudding President
Now called "Leavitt's law", the discovery is regarded as one of the most foundational and important in the history of astronomy; astronomers like Edwin Hubble, for example, would later use Leavitt's law to establish that the Universe is expanding, the primary piece of evidence for the Big Bang model.
A 2.36 TeV big bang at the LHC 
One of the show's regular settings was the Hot Spot, a café decorated with the work of real Toronto-area artists whose pieces could be purchased from the show's website, and another was Bang, a nightclub at which a real Toronto-area musician or band would perform a song on each Friday night episode.
 The removal of two Bonus League race levels (Big Bang and On and On)
Unger's singularity thesis can better address our empirical observations and set the conceptual platform to address the four main puzzles in cosmology today: Big Bang, initial conditions, horizon problem, and the precise value of constants, such as gravity, speed of light, and Planck's constant.
After three more new studio albums – 2005's The Magnificent Seventh, 2006's Robert Johnson's Tombstone and 2008's Bang!
In January 2009, after a short UK tour promoting Bang!, it was announced that Thunder were due to split up again.
The preceding station is Bang Sue station and next station is Chatuchak Park.
Krøyer, their homes were gathering places for such other contemporary artists as authors Holger Drachmann (1846–1908), Herman Bang (1857–1912) and Henrik Pontoppidan (1857–1943) and painters Wilhelm Marstrand (1810–1873), Frederik Vermehren (1823–1910), Otto Bache (1839–1927), Kristian Zahrtmann (1843–1917) as well as Frants Henningsen.
In 1998, the group reformed, with Torien and Vencent adding former Guns N' Roses drummer Steven Adler and future Guns N' Roses guitarist DJ Ashba briefly, with a tour of the US planned with Faster Pussycat, Bang Tango and Enuff Z'nuff.
In 1999, Ashba left the group to form Beautiful Creatures with Bang Tango singer Joe Lesté while Adler left also sometime after, going on to form Adler's Appetite in 2003.
In January 2006, the group were announced as support, along with Bang Tango, to Stephen Pearcy on his tour, however they soon pulled out while they performed at the Raven's Heart benefit concert, which featured members of Guns N' Roses, Queens of the Stone Age and Dio among others performing also.
Matthew was then transformed into a new version of Waverider, and took the role his previous self did: helping a select group of heroes defeat Extant and Parallax's effort to recreate time the way that Extant and Parallax wanted it by triggering their own Big Bang with the aid of Damage.
They recruited a new drummer, Ezra Bang, and released a 10" limited-edition EP on the Manchester-based label Northern Ambition in February 2004.
Daniels returned to Ring of Honor on April 3, 2010, at its second live pay-per-view, The Big Bang!, challenging Davey Richards to a match.
She was credited as Martina Bang.
 Enzel – the state before the Big Bang, i.e.
Bang Sue Junction- The largest freight yard in Thailand and hence the Phahonyothin main freight terminal.
First station after crossing the Rama 6 Bridge from Bang Sue.
Bang Saphan Yai Station - Regional town station.
Seven stations are planned for this segment: Bang Sue, Don Mueang, Ayutthaya, Lopburi, Nakhon Sawan, Phichit, and Phitsanulok.
The Eastern Economic Corridor Office (EEC Office) in October 2017 finalised previous OTP plans to build the 10 station Eastern HSR line linking Don Mueang airport, Bang Sue, Makkasan, Suvarnabhumi Airport, Chonburi, Si Racha, Pattaya, U-Tapao Airport, and Rayong.
Many scientists felt that Ralph Alpher, who predicted the cosmic microwave background radiation and in 1948 worked out the underpinnings of the Big Bang theory, should have shared in the prize or received one independently.
Their video game infused form of chaos started 2009 with a bang and that energy carried over throughout the year as the label signed and released a greatest hits collection from industrial pioneers, Dessau, a single from The Thought Criminals and signed gothic legends Attrition.
Both artists' came armed with multiple releases which started the year with a bang.
CARMA used this interferometer to study the origins of planets, stars and galaxies, as well as to measure the distortions in the cosmic microwave background caused by clusters of galaxies formed soon after the Big Bang.
Mission Hill (1999–2002) – creator, writer, executive producer, voice of George Bang
 Billy Bang, Hip Hop Be Bop (ITM, 1993)
At the beginning of December 207 BC, the last Qin emperor Ziying surrendered to rebel leader Liu Bang, who entered Xianyang peacefully without harming the locals.
In 202 BC, after defeating Xiang Yu in Battle of Gaixia and ending the Chu-Han contention, Liu Bang was crowned the emperor of the newly established Han dynasty, and he built a new capital across the Wei River merely miles from the ruins of old Xianyang and named this new city Chang'an.
Earlier film projects include Star Trek: The Beginning (Paramount), Sublime, starring Tom Cavanagh and Kathleen York, Otis and The Big Bang (starring Antonio Banderas and Sam Elliott), and Ithaca - an adaptation of William Saroyan's The Human Comedy (directed by Meg Ryan and starring Sam Shepard and Hamish Linklater).
In 1972 he re-entered the world of literature with a bang.
The writer Herman Bang was born in 1857 Asserballe on Als and was a child during the Second Schleswig War when the island came under Prussian (later German) rule.
Shadow Lady is a character seen in Big Bang Comics, all of whose characters are parodies of DC Comics.
In early 2008, the band announced various festival appearances including Sweden Rock Festival (Sweden), Kobetasonik festival (Spain) and Bang Your Head festival (Germany).
Hwa Rang Do, also known as "The Way of the Flowering Knights" () is a comprehensive Korean martial art that was developed in the 1960s by Joo Bang Lee and his brother Joo Sang Lee.
The modern martial art of Hwa Rang Do was founded by two Korean brothers, Joo Bang Lee and Joo Sang Lee, who started their martial art training with their father who taught them Judo and Kumdo at a young age.
Both Joo Bang Lee and his brother Joo Sang Lee trained with Suahm Dosa at the Sogwangsa Temple in the Kangwon Province (North Korea), before the breakout of the Korean War and they had to flee south to avoid the communist military.
In 1968, Suahm Dosa died and left the title of "Do Ju" to Joo Bang Lee, as well as designating him as the 58th successive holder of this title.
Both Joo Bang Lee and Joo Sang Lee performed in expo style demonstrations in the south west United States, particularity in California and Arizona, as well as on TV shows including “That's Incredible!” and “Unknown Powers”.
Joo Bang Lee's sons, Henry Taejoon Lee and Eric Taehyun Lee moved into the spotlight by performing at martial art expos and demonstrations throughout the US and Europe.
Because of the demonstrations presented by the Lee family in Europe through the 1980s as well as students who had been traveling to train with Joo Bang Lee, schools were opening up in countries like Italy, the Netherlands, and Germany.
Because of the changes in political structures in both Korea and the Americas, Joo Bang Lee updated the English translation to reflect modern society.
 Yak Bang Beop – Herbal Medicine
Break Of Dawn [Brisk & Ham mix] - Bang!
Shooting Star [Ham mix] - Bang!
became the third-highest charting album in Psychopathic Records history, after Insane Clown Posse's The Amazing Jeckel Brothers and Bang!
Han Liu Bang (1998)
This was clarified on an episode of Comedy Bang!
Out With A Bang Few Beers Left But Out of Drugs 7-inch EP 2007
In October 2020, Ojamajo Doremi partnered with the Bushiroad mobile game BanG Dream!
As part of the collaboration, the BanG Dream!
They went on to record the studio albums Brave New World (which became the last release with co-founder Dennis DeYoung), Cyclorama (with new keyboardist Lawrence Gowan), and Big Bang Theory (an album of cover songs of 1960s and 1970s rock classics).
Co-produced by Roberts and Gayer and mixed by Jacob Hansen at Hansen Studios in Ribe, Denmark, World Asylum was released in the spring of 2006 to great reviews and Leatherwolf played the Bang Your Head!!!
On June 10, 2002, Thames began his major league career with a bang as he was the 80th player in history to hit a home run in his first at bat.
 Painter Man b/w Biff Bang Pow (1966)
Preston Brust and Chris Lucas, who constitute the LoCash Cowboys, co-wrote "You Gonna Fly" with Jaren Johnston, then-member of the group American Bang.
Between the 26th and the 28th, she visited Bang Saen on the Gulf of Thailand.
They also participated in Wacken Open Air and the Bang your Head 2004.
The album received generally positive press, including favorable reviews in Spin Magazine, calling the album "a bang of power pop epiphany."
In the United Kingdom, the weakness of paper-based settlement was exposed by a programme of privatisation of nationalised industries in the 1980s, and the Big Bang of 1986 led to an explosion in the volume of trades, and settlement delays became significant.
The original Danish-language version was directed by Danish director Poul Bang and released in Denmark on February 25, 1961.
Films directed by Poul Bang
However, Sermon has not stopped in the music industry, as he produced the song "Goldmine" on Busta Rhymes' album, The Big Bang in 2006.
The people will sing, dance, yell, and bang things together.
Two songs that did not make the final cut of the album were included on the Bang the Drum EP (2004).
The British band performed five times once again in 1998 for the Bridges to Babylon Tour, and two more times in 2006 during the A Bigger Bang tour.
These last concerts were released as part of the four-disc concert DVD The Biggest Bang in 2007.
Managing to hack the giant apart with their weapons, the Ohrangers finish Bara Saucer off with the Big Bang Buster.
After Oh Red heavily damages it when about to access Kenichi's memories, disabling its invisibility, Bara Vanish is destroyed by the Big Bang Buster.
However, Bara Hacker fell into the Ohrangers' trap and counters their King Smashers and then the Big Bang Buster.
Once Kou is given to his mother, the Ohrangers use the Big Bang Buster to take out Bara Baby.
Club, where they state "It's the kind of infectious, impeccably crafted power-pop rocker Cuomo can probably bang out in his sleep".
They attempt to pilot the TARDIS but find they are travelling rapidly to a preset time and destination, "Event One", the Big Bang, a trap set by the Master.
"Event One" appears to be a reference to the Big Bang – the creation of the universe.
Her other television roles include the drama series The Leftovers (2015–2017) and the sitcom The Big Bang Theory (2013–2019).
The Beast Generals' group attacks include the Vacuum Hurricane (真空ハリケーン Shinkū Harikēn) and Hidden Style Secret Technique: Big Bang (隠流奥義ビッグバン Kakure Ryū Ōgi Biggu Ban).
After getting defeated by Ninja Red's Lightning Cut, an enlarged Kasha is overwhelmed by Samuraiman before being knocked by Super Kakure Daishogun into an enlarged fireworks launcher and literally going out with a bang.
Payback – Kevin Franklin, a Bang Baby able to transform into a large, yellow-green skinned monster with superhuman strength and durability.
 Interview with Ian McDonald in Big Bang Magazine
", and on a recurring basis as Raj's father in The Big Bang Theory.
The first officer on the TWA aircraft heard a loud bang, now known to have been a compressor stall induced by ingestion of exhaust from Delta 379 as it was passed.
Coming back with a bang or a scream seemed to be effective to us, and a little bit funny."
Some of the common differentiators between success and failure include commitment, knowledge and expertise to guide improvement, scope of change/improvement desired (Big Bang type changes tend to fail more often compared to smaller changes) and adaption to enterprise cultures.
In The Big Bang Theory (season 1, episode 5) Howard recites the first two lines of the poem to Penny, replacing the word "she" with "and" and adding the word "quiet" ("and walks in quiet beauty like the night").
Judge Dredd, Big Bang Bar), and some provide fixed balls as targets to trigger a moving captive ball (Theatre of Magic).
Historians Rafe de Crespigny, Peter Fibiger Bang, and Warwick Ball believe that this was most likely a group of Roman merchants rather than official diplomats sent by Marcus Aurelius.
Bang, Peter F. (2009).
The Big Bang, the early inceptions of cosmic time and space, the primeval expressions of unicellular life, the rise of the multicellular systems of plants and animals and, last but not least, the intimacies of human consciousness are difficult to unite in a great chain of being, for scientists to comprehend in an ontology, an overall view of reality.
1947 started out with a bang as the Rebels were promoted to Class A and drew 184,851 fans in the season, a Charleston baseball record that stood until 1997.
In addition to the MyNetworkTV schedule, syndicated programming broadcast on WPWR-TV () includes The Big Bang Theory, Family Feud, The Dr. Oz Show, and The Simpsons.
The company's second product, released December 1, 2006, was a western-themed Tactical Multi Player game named Bang!
Leonard's name served as an eponym for the characters Sheldon Cooper and Leonard Hofstadter in the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory because the writers were fans of his work.
It is the home of the Bang on a Can Summer Institute, where composers and performers from around the world come to create new music.
After filming Andrew Lau's romantic film A Beautiful Life the same year, Liu reunited with Lu Chuan in The Last Supper (2012), a US$15-million historical epic where he plays Liu Bang.
Cristina Vee voiced Fujiko in the Bang Zoom!
42 Toyota Tundra for Bang!
The big bang is followed by embryonic inception, an idyllic Garden of Eden, then decadent urban sprawls eventually giving way to a landscape of annihilation before reconstituting itself as the spiral loops back to the moment of origin.
While the cathedral episcopal see dedicated to the Nativity of Our Lady is at Bang Nok Khwaek, the diocesan center is in the town of Ratchaburi.
He also appeared in featured roles in the Showtime series Shameless and IFC's Comedy Bang!
 Primordial era, an era after the Big Bang.
Multiple witnesses reported hearing a whistling sound "like a bomb," then a "whoosh," and finally a loud bang.
He, along with Alan McGee and Dick Green, formed Creation Records, as well as the band Biff Bang Pow!.
While in Spain the group recorded the EP Strum ünd Bang, Live!?
A few hundred thousand years after the Big Bang, the Universe cooled to the point where atoms could form.
The Pope also expressed in the same statement the view that scientific explanations such as the Big Bang and evolution in fact require God's creation:
86% of principals reported their schools took an integrated approach to science and religion, in which "evolution, the Big Bang, and the Book of Genesis" were addressed together in classes.
1993 "Bugged Out," as Murk in Association with the Big Bang (with Ian Tregoning)
The series was lampooned by Big Bang Comics with their own superhero character, Super Frankenstein.
They are also prominent in many Chuck Lorre sitcoms, being the primary sneakers worn by Leonard Hofstadter from The Big Bang Theory and Christy Plunkett from Mom.
In an episode of The Big Bang Theory, Leonard, Penny, Wolowitz and Koothrapali stage an intervention in order to force Sheldon (who doesn't drive) to get his learner's permit because they are all tired of having to drive Sheldon everywhere he wants to go.
Manat was born on 31 October 1935 in Bang Nok Khwaek.
The 2008 Winter Jam Tour Spectacular concluded its 34-city run with a bang and a near sold-out crowd at the Sommet Center in Nashville and ranked No.
Hall first took office in the Bang administration (12 December 1854) as Kultus Minister.
Hon Ban or Hon Bang
After Liu Bang defeated Xiang Yu and proclaimed himself emperor of the Han dynasty, he followed the practice of Xiang Yu and enfeoffed many generals, noblemen, and imperial relatives as kings (), the same title borne by the sovereigns of the Shang and Zhou dynasties and by the rulers of the Warring States.
The yixing wang represented an obvious threat to the Han empire, and Liu Bang and his successors suppressed them as quickly as was practical: they had disappeared by 157 BC.
Liu Bang, king of Han, ultimately defeated Chu and established the new Han dynasty.
As these kingdoms proved unruly, Liu Bang gradually subdued them through conspiracies, wars, and political maneuvering.
Established by Liu Bang
Thereafter, Liu Bang of Hàn conquered the lands of the Three Qins, thereby formally starting the Chu–Han Contention.
The title "King (or Prince) of Huainan" was first created in 202BC by Liu Bang, King of Han, for Ying Bu, the former king of Jiujiang.
He was defeated and killed by Liu Bang.
After Liu Bang killed Ying Bu, he conferred the title of king of Huainan on his youngest son Liu Chang.
Han Xin, (202 BC–201 BC) a military commander served under Liu Bang.
Wallace told Bang Showbiz:"I stand by it.
Magi was followed by Oprindelse <15> (1988), the first and only volume of an abortive world history, covering a time line from the Big Bang until app.
As the voltage increased, the confederate began to complain of pain, yelled out discomfort, and eventually screamed the pain was too much and sometimes they even began to bang on the wall.
 Barry Kripke, a character in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory
His compositions and installations have been exhibited and performed at Ars Electronica, Festival d'automne à Paris, Edinburgh Festival, BAM's Next Wave Festival, Bang on a Can Marathon, Sydney Biennale and the Venice Biennale.
International appearances include BAM's Next Wave Festival, the Bang on a Can Marathon in New York, the Kennedy Centre in Washington, and performances in Slovenia, France and the UK, where they appeared at the Big Chill Festival.
Her hair is blue and cut in a close, straight bang form, and she is usually shown wearing full red leather pants and jackets and high heel boots.
 Bang Wong, creative director of the Broad Institute at MIT and Harvard University
Also, in the beginning of the Universe, after the Big Bang, six powerful objects called "Reactor Mights" were created, and the one who controls them all gains unimaginable power.
 t = 0 – Big Bang
She had recurring roles on The Flash as Amunet and appeared twice as herself on The Big Bang Theory.
In 2009, she appeared as herself in "The Vengeance Formulation" episode of the CBS situation comedy The Big Bang Theory.
On June 5, 2014, the building was used for the Toronto Luminato Festival Big Bang Bash, their 2nd annual fundraising gala.
Videos were made for "Drugs" and "Catastrophe", which were directed by Icelandic artist Bardi Johannsson, of Bang Gang.
On February 14, 2010, McMurray would start the year off with a bang when, in just his first start for Ganassi since 2005, McMurray won the Daytona 500.
Guo Ting (郭亭), died 178 B.C., a local usher (連敖), took part in the Great Insurrection against the Qin dynasty and joined the army of Emperor Liu Bang.
The first episodes shown in HD was the HBO series Rome, and the channel has included several other imported series like CSI, CSI: Miami, CSI: NY and The Big Bang Theory.
The season went out with a bang however, with the last game being against the old enemy, Fife Flyers, who had finished bottom in the league.
The lepton and baryon asymmetries affect the much better understood Big Bang nucleosynthesis at later times, during which light atomic nuclei began to form.
An asymmetry in the number of leptons and antileptons is not mandatory for Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Captain Billy's Whiz Bang 
His bawdy cartoon and joke magazine, Captain Billy's Whiz Bang, became the launchpad for a vast publishing empire embracing magazines, comic books and paperback books.
The title Captain Billy's Whiz Bang combined Fawcett's military moniker with the nickname of a destructive World War I artillery shell.
Distributing free copies of Captain Billy's Whiz Bang to wounded veterans and his Minnesota friends, he then circulated the remaining copies to newsstands in hotels.
Few periodicals reflect the post-WW I cultural change in American life as well as Captain Billy’s Whiz Bang.
Captain Billy's Whiz Bang has been immortalized in the lyrics to the song "Ya Got Trouble" from Meredith Willson's 1957 Broadway musical The Music Man: "Is there a nicotine stain on his index finger?
Is he starting to memorize jokes from Captain Billy's Whiz Bang?"
The popularity of Whiz Bang peaked during the 1920s.
Crest Books, which also premiered in September 1955, spanned all genres with an emphasis on Westerns and humor, including Best Cartoons from True and Lester Grady's Best from Captain Billy's Whiz Bang, and one successful Crest title was their movie tie-in edition of Robert Bloch's Psycho.
An annual four-day festival held in Robbinsdale, Minnesota, is Whiz Bang Days.
Billy's Whiz Bang from the Minnesota Historical Society
San Francisco (Yerba Buena Center Surf Trip 2000); Oakland (Oakland Museum Millennium Time Capsule 2000); Los Angeles (Bergemot Station Surf Trip 2001); and Seattle (Sacred Circle Big Bang 2001).
He was in Sadie's Waltz (2008) then focused on directing documentaries: The Passing of a Saint (2010), It's a Beautiful World (2014), Richard Beymer's Before... the Big Bang (2016), I Had Bad Milk in Dehradun (2017), and Behind the Red Curtain (2017).
Nina Henriette Wendeline Bang née Ellinger (6 October 1866 – 25 March 1928) was a Danish social democratic politician and historian.
Bang saw the records of the ships that passed through Oresund and the type and value of their cargo throughout centuries as unique historical documents to the economic history of England, the Netherlands, the Hanseatic League and the Baltic states.
The project produced seven volumes in all, but Bang was responsible only for the first two.
When Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning established his first government—the first Danish social democratic government, the Cabinet of Stauning I—in 1924, Bang was appointed Minister for Education, which made her the first female minister in Denmark and one of the first in the world.
Despite being the first woman to reach the top of the political system in Denmark, Bang never engaged in the women's movement but considered the situation of women a part of the regular political struggle, and criticised the right-wing women's movement for obscuring differences between the classes of society.
Some of the other ministers had trouble deciding whether to sit or stand, but only Bang remained fully seated.
When Stauning's government resigned in 1926, Bang continued as a member of the Landsting, but due to illness her activity was limited.
Nina Bang Bjerg, a mountain in Greenland, was named after her.
Nina Bang Award, awarded annually to a young, promising female politician.
 The Big Bang (1966)
Under the name Raspberry Bang, the group released one song on a 7-inch record compilation to benefit animal rights.
This left an air-gap which created a louder bang when the case ruptured.
Mary Jo Bang, Poet, St. Louis, Missouri: Associate Professor of English, Washington University in St. Louis: Poetry.
It was then known as Wat Makok, after the village of Bang Makok in which it was built.
The diocese covers an area of 34,000 km2, covering the provinces - Chanthaburi, Chonburi, Prachinburi, Rayong, Sa Kaeo and Trat, as well as the parts east of the Bang Pa Kong River in Chachoengsao, and Nakhon Nayok except the district Ban Na.
Yuanshi Tianzun ("Primeval Lord of Heaven") bestows upon Jiang Ziya the Fengshen Bang, a list that empowers him to invest the gods of Heaven.
In The Big Bang Theory, season 5, episode 22.
She later co-starred in Bang the Drum Slowly, Law and Disorder, One Summer Love, and Thieves.
Kaoru Seta 瀬田薫 (f) - BanG Dream!
Around September 1953, the radio network produced a program called Salute to the Three Chimes of NBC, which was summarized as: "Five very different musical groups play an original composition, based on the NBC chimes, called 'Bing, Bang, Bong: A Fantasy On A Trademark.'"
Kunal Nayyar plays the character of Raj Koothrappali in the popular US sitcom, The Big Bang Theory.
From the Big Bang to Planet X
Charlie was one of the first geeks on primetime television who paved the way for other shows starring geeks such as Bones, Chuck and The Big Bang Theory.
Oxford Student Publications Ltd (OSPL) is an independent student publishing house in Oxford that publishes the Cherwell student newspaper, ISIS student magazine, The Oxford Scientist, formerly Bang Science Magazine, Keep Off the Grass freshers' magazine and Industry fashion magazine.
She ended 2010 with a bang by winning the silver medal in the women's team event of the 16th Asian Games.
As a result, WKBD no longer broadcasts news programming at 10 p.m., with the time slot being filled by off-network syndicated shows, such as repeats of sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and Modern Family.
Bang Kwang is the site of the men's death row and the execution chamber of Thailand.
Bang Kwang contains Thailand's primary men's death row and execution chamber.
He was freed after 17 years of "hell" in the Bang Kwang prison, returning to the UK in 2007 after being granted amnesty by the king.
Margo Cathleen Harshman (born March 4, 1986) is an American actress known for her role as Tawny Dean on Even Stevens, her role as Alex Jensen (Sheldon Cooper's assistant) on The Big Bang Theory, and her role as Delilah Fielding-McGee (Timothy McGee's paraplegic wife) on NCIS.
She has appeared in The Big Bang Theory as Alex Jensen, the assistant of Sheldon Cooper, and in NCIS as Delilah Fielding, an intelligence analyst in a wheelchair at the US Department of Defense and the wife of Timothy McGee.
With the popularity of dance music waning in the late 2000s, the festival took a 2-year hiatus in 2009 & 2010 to focus on CEMF but returned with a bang in 2011 and sold out its visually stunning but remote 5,000 person venue.
1773–1789 Marcus Fredrik Bang 
 Bang to Rights: The Essential Vice Squad Collection (2001) EMI
IGN awarded Episode One "Best PC FPS of 2006" and described it as a "great bang for the buck using Valve's new episodic plan", although it did not offer "the complete experience that Half-Life 2 was".
 The Big Bang Theory pays homage to one of the founding partners of the small Computer Company by naming one of the characters "Howard Wolowitz".
A documentary was filmed based on Rodman's trip and the basketball game he organised versus North Korea; entitled Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang, it received a cinematic release in July 2015 and featured narration by Cooper, who also featured extensively in the film.
In the early 1970s, most physicists believed that, within the boundaries of science, one could not speak about what came before the Big Bang.
With onomatopoeia the word said sounds like what it represents: Moo, Whack, Bang, etc.
Some other cosmological tests include searches for primordial gravitational waves generated during cosmic inflation, which may be detected in the cosmic microwave background polarization or by a proposed space-based gravitational-wave interferometer called the Big Bang Observer.
 Bang for the Buck (Fat Beats, 11 April 2006)
Peter Georg Bang (7 October 1797 – 2 April 1861) was a Danish politician and jurist.
Bang was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.
His parents were Jacob Hansen Bang   (1770-1841) and Anna Cathrine Sophie Østrup (1779-1820).
Bang became Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog in  1847 and was awarded the Grand Cross in 1854.
In 1854, he became Finance Minister in the Cabinet of Bang before also becoming Council President of Denmark 1856-1857 as leader of the Cabinet of Andræ.
Kaley Cuoco (born 1985), father of Italian ancestry – television actress (8 Simple Rules, Charmed, The Big Bang Theory)
Beginning as a guitarist and singer in the New York City art punk scene, Kline has since gained notability through his song cycles and theatrical works, musical performance art pieces, work with Bang on a Can, and WQXR's online new-music radio show.
Other than these projects, Kline's work includes continuing commissions from Bang on a Can, American Opera Projects, the Brooklyn Youth Chorus, WNYC, the New York State Council on the Arts, Ethel and Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center, Jennifer Koh, Muzik3, the La Jolla Symphony Orchestra, the St. Luke's Chamber Ensemble, and for the Kotschmar Memorial Organ in Portland, Maine.
Saunders' career was launched when his contributions to Captain Billy's Whiz Bang resulted in a job with Fawcett Publications, where he was employed from 1928 to 1934.
Heidecker, Wareheim, Sarah Silverman, Michael Cera, and Reggie Watts announced on the podcast Comedy Bang!
 The President's Last Bang by Im Sang-soo (South Korea)
Circa 1987 King played bass for Felt, Biff Bang Pow!
When writing the film's conclusion, Coscarelli intentionally wanted to shock audiences and "send people out of the theater with a bang."
Kristen Steffensen Bang was priest at Romedal in 1643, when he joined with Kjeld Stub to set up the first printing press in Norway, located in Oslo.
Pastor Bang wrote copiously to feed his printing press and died a pauper in 1678 at the age of 98.
On August 8, Geronimo became the brand endorser of KakaoTalk together with K-pop boyband Big Bang.
 Bernhard Bang (1848 in Sorø–1932) veterinarian, worked on bovine TB
As the universe expanded, the density of radiation drops faster than matter (due to redshifting of photon energy); this led to a crossover called matter-radiation equality at ~ 50,000 years after the Big Bang.
Other theories of the very early universe have been proposed that are claimed to make similar predictions, such as the brane gas cosmology, cyclic model, pre-big bang model and holographic universe, but they remain nascent and are not widely accepted.
As the universe cools further, Big Bang nucleosynthesis occurs and small quantities of deuterium, helium and lithium nuclei are created.
 Bill Camfield – host of horror film showcases Slam Bang Theatre and Nightmare (1955–1972; deceased)
Admiral Anger and the Gang Bang BBQ Crew – backing vocals
The Danish Bang rifle used a muzzle cup blown forward by muzzle gas to operate the action through transfer bars and leverage.
Others assert that it gains validity from having been held by so many for so long; and others find support in modern cosmological theories surrounding the Big Bang.
The Big Bang theory, by contrast, is a scientific theory; it offers no explanation of cosmic existence but only a description of the first few moments of that existence.
During an interview with NBC's Today Show on October 5, 2006, Sharkey said he was relaxing in his cabin seat with the window shade down when he was jolted by a bang.
Kyla opened 2002 with a bang, receiving the award for Female Artist of the Year from two of the country's most popular radio stations Magic 89.9. and Monster Radio RX 93.1.
With such successful songs like Babuji Dheere Chalna, Kabhi Aar Kabhi Paar, Yeh Lo Main Haari Piya and Sun Sun Sun Sun Zaalima among others, Majrooh was back with a bang.
Syndicated programs currently on WDCA are Family Feud, The Big Bang Theory, and The Good Dish, among others.
Witer and Sherine were previously together in a Melbourne-based band, Bang, which Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, described as playing "Grace Jones-styled funk".
Late in 1985, Big Pig consisted of Abeyratne on lead vocals and percussion, Tony Antoniades on vocals and harmonica, Neil Baker on drums, Disbray on vocals and percussion, Tim Rosewarne on vocals and keyboards (also ex-Scratch Record Scratch and then Bang with Witer), Adrian Scaglione on drums, and Witer on vocals and percussion.
"I'm the Least You Can Do" reuses a piano riff from "Birthday Boy", a song by Jimmy Pop's pre-Bloodhound Gang band Bang Chamber 8, released in 1990 on a self-titled demo tape.
She then heard a loud bang from the rear of the van, and moments later the man was at the window brandishing a silver handgun.
Gods to the Godless - Live at Bang Your Head Festival Germany 2015 (2016)
I can bang around, but I can't play, and you've got great musicians here.
 At the end of Tau Zero (1970) by Poul Anderson, the universe collapses in a Big Crunch and then explodes in a new Big Bang.
According to Jirattikorn, the film attempts to provide a national hero connected to the current monarchical dynasty, in contrast to other Thai films presenting events of the same era (e.g., Bang Rajan).
Barclays' first investment banking arm was established in 1985 under the name Barclays de Zoete Wedd (BZW) in response to the Big bang in UK financial services.
In a different sort of performance, the Cal Band was asked to help with the Nobel Lecture by George Smoot in 2006 by recreating "The Big Bang."
Bang (1995) as Adam
 Sunday, 4 July: Jay-Z, Lily Allen, Friendly Fires, Slash, Mr Hudson, dan le sac Vs Scroobius Pip, Chipmunk, Tinie Tempah, Chase & Status, D12, Wiley, Roll Deep, J. Cole, Chiddy Bang, Wale, Professor Green, Laura Steel, Talay Riley, McLean, Bluey Robinson, Hesta Prynn.
For the "Red Red Wine" single, Bang added a background choir without Diamond's involvement or permission.
However, according to the liner notes in the booklet included in the 1996 box set "In My Lifetime," the version of "Red Red Wine" in the set is the 1968 Bang single #556.
The school also hosts several student-run publications including the Big Bang Science Journal, Newsfeed and Extended Essay.
This story begins with the Big Bang and the emergence of galaxies, stars, planets, life, and evolution that led to the emergence of human beings.
She has played the role of Barbra Jean in the television comedy series Reba, appeared as Bonnie Wheeler in the ABC Family/Freeform series Baby Daddy, appeared as Brenda Sparks in The Big Bang Theory spinoff Young Sheldon, and was host of ABC Family's Dancing Fools, ABC's Bet on Your Baby, and CMT's The Singing Bee.
The main settlements on the west coast are around Sai Khao, Hat Kai Mook, Hat Kai Bae, Ban Klong Prao and the fishing village of Bang Bao on the south coast.
Hồ Xuân Hương, nha tho cach mang (Hồ Xuân Hương - A Revolutionary Poet) by Hoa Bang, 1982.
In one advert, he places a copper plated one penny coin in Cillit Bang to demonstrate the product's cleaning ability to remove staining.
Dan demonstrates the cleaning methods seen in the Cillit Bang adverts and also cleans oil spills.
Among the expressions of condolences and sympathy in the post's comment section was one from a user identifying themselves as Cillit Bang mascot Barry Scott, with a link back to the fictional character's blog operated by Reckitt-contracted advertising company Cohn & Wolfe as a viral marketing platform.
 AUM045 – 2008: Akhenaten Suite by Roy Campbell Ensemble (with Billy Bang +++)
 Live by Bang Tango
The speed of light c may have been more than 30 orders of magnitude higher during the early moments of the Big Bang.
The universe is generally understood to have begun with the Big Bang, followed almost instantaneously by cosmic inflation, an expansion of space from which the universe is thought to have emerged 13.799 ± 0.021 billion years ago.
These observations matched the predictions of the cosmic inflation theory, a modified Big Bang theory, and the specific version known as the Lambda-CDM model.
On 17 March 2014, astronomers at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics announced the detection of gravitational waves, providing strong evidence for inflation and the Big Bang.
 Chapuis, Oscar A History of Vietnam: From Hong Bang to Tu Duc.
In 2001, Komar & Melamid began work on their last major project together, Symbols of the Big Bang, first exhibited at the Yeshiva University Museum, Center for Jewish History, New York.
Syndicated programming on KTXH includes Family Feud, Dateline, The Big Bang Theory, The Simpsons,  Schitt's Creek, and 2 Broke Girls, among others.
Adlon also gained recognition for voicing Margaret "Moose" Pearson in Pepper Ann (1997–2000), Ashley Spinelli in Recess (1997–2001), Brigette Murphy in Milo Murphy's Law (2016–2019), and the voice of newborn Halley Wolowitz in The Big Bang Theory.
Benny Rodgers - Big Bang, Mariah Carey
Representative of Pyeongan: Bang In-gwan
We did Framed, Isobel Goudie, Faith Healer, Gang Bang, Next, Midnight Moses, everything.
Though modern critics have dismissed Eureka for having no scientific worth or merit, Poe's work presages modern science with his own concept of the Big Bang.
The names Jiang Shang and Jiang Ziya became the most common after their use in the popular Ming-era novel Fengshen Bang, written over 2,500 years after his death.
Martin Ryle, however, held to the big bang theory for the creation of the universe in a moment, the theory that eventually held sway.
This programme works with a network of indigenous villages who are helping to protect key sites such as Veal Veng Marsh (Veal Veng District), the Tatai River (Thmar Bang District) and the Araeng River.
For most of the first four rounds, Gomez outboxed the rugged Feliciano, but coming off a long layoff and having to move a lot with Feliciano's relentless pressure, Gomez lost his leg stamina at the end of the 4th round and had to bang with Feliciano.
 Bang Vāi District ("Shaopa" District), 
It is administrated by the Southern Administrative Affairs Committee (Wa: ): Wan Hoong (Mgōng Sam Soung) District, Huix Ox District, Yaong Kraox ("Kailong", Yaong Mgōng) District, Yaong Bang District, Mōung Jōd District, Yaong Mōuig ("Menggang"/ Num Mōuig) District, Kax Nax ("Huyue") District.
 2009 – Uffie – "Pop The Glock (Ellen Allien Bang The Glock Mix 2009)"
He wrestled his final match at the NWA Wrestle Birmingham The Big Bang event on November 19, 2010, where he teamed with Cameron Valentine and Greg Valentine to face Brutus Beefcake, Brickhouse Brown, and Jake Roberts.
Strum ünd Bang, Live!?
Marginal 4: Kiss kara Tsukuru Big Bang (L Nomura)
The Rolling Stones played their first concert in the state of Idaho at the arena during their A Bigger Bang Tour on Tuesday, November 14, 2006.
The Bang Pakong (, , ) is a river in east Thailand.
The watershed of the Bang Pakong is about .
To protect the Irrawaddy dolphins, fishermen on the Bang Pakong River have been persuaded by authorities to stop shrimping and 30 to 40 fishing boats have been modified so they can offer dolphin sightseeing tours.
Someone points a gun, it goes bang and on the other side of the street some guy goes ‘Aaaaah’ and falls down.
He'd previously compared  the "leather-voiced shouter" to Howlin' Wolf in Make The Music Go Bang!, a chronicle of the early L.A. punk scene.
During this section, Roger Waters would bang a gong instead of bongos as the music faded away.
According to legend the Phra Bang was cast in Ceylon, transferred to the Khmer Empire and then came north to Lan Xang at the request of Fa Ngum's Khmer queen.
In Doctor Who she played Tabetha Pond, Amy Pond's mother, appearing on screen in The Big Bang after being mentioned from time to time throughout the series but supposed dead.
Piano Counterpoint is performed by Corver himself on an album released by the London Steve Reich Ensemble in 2011 and by Vicky Chow (known as pianist in the Bang on a Can All Stars) in an album released in 2014.
On April 3, 2010, Corino made his ROH pay-per-view debut at The Big Bang!, where he and Steen were defeated by El Generico and Cabana via disqualification, when Steen used a chair on his former partner.
 Coenonympha mangeri Bang Haas, 1927
Captain Martin heard the loud bang and reacted: "What the [expletive] was that?
This causes an incomplete burn which causes the fumes to explode in the exhaust system along with an audible pop or bang sound.
Detecting and understanding the QGP allows physicists to understand better the Universe in the seconds after the Big Bang, when the presently-observed symmetries (and asymmetries) of the Universe were established.
 According to the Big Bang theory, in the early universe at high temperatures when the universe was only a few tens of microseconds old, the phase of matter took the form of a hot phase of quark matter called the quark–gluon plasma (QGP).
Following this path corresponds to travelling far back in time (so to say), to the state of the universe shortly after the big bang (where there was a very tiny preference for quarks over antiquarks).
The Hall quotes Presley as having said, "Down in Tupelo, Mississippi, I used to hear old Arthur Crudup bang his box the way I do now, and I said if I ever got to the place I could feel all old Arthur felt, I’d be a music man like nobody ever saw".
In Paris by Night 96, Thúy Nga Productions's Nguyễn Ngọc Ngạn wrote a skit about a Vietnamese American gay kid, starring Bang Kieu.
2002 started with a bang for Slater when she won her second World Cup Grand Prix gold medal at the Cottbus event on the floor in Germany.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Photharam and Damnoen Saduak of Ratchaburi Province, Bang Khonthi of Samut Songkhram province, Wat Phleng, Pak Tho, and Chom Bueng of Ratchaburi.
 Khlong Bang Tan Railway Station
Insurrections spread throughout much of China (including those led by Xiang Yu and Liu Bang, who would later face off over the founding of the next dynasty) and the entire Yellow River region devolved into chaos.
Liu Bang, after years of war with his rivals, established the Han dynasty and reunified Central China in 202 BC.
In 196 BC, Liu Bang, now Emperor Gaozu, sent Lu Jia (陸賈, not to be confused with Lü Jia 呂嘉) to Nanyue in hopes of obtaining Zhao Tuo's allegiance.
After the death of Liu Bang in 195 BC, the government was put in the hands of his wife, Empress Lü Zhi, who served as Empress Dowager over their son Emperor Hui of Han and then Emperor Hui's sons Liu Gong and Liu Hong.
 The Big Bang Theory – episode 1.8: "The Grasshopper Experiment" (2007)
In September 2015, TMZ discovered court documents filed by Steven Page over "The Big Bang Theory Theme".
Connell finished 1986 on tour with a bang, reaching the semifinals at the Valkenswaard Challenger in both singles and doubles, again partnering Chamberlin.
 MOSAIC: A proposed multi-object spectrograph which will allow astronomers to trace the growth of galaxies and the distribution of matter from shortly after the Big Bang to the present day.
In his essay The Big Bang, Steven Pinker discusses Dawkins's coverage of Paley's argument, adding: "Biologists today do not disagree with Paley's laying out of the problem.
(Mary Poppins, Chitty Chitty Bang Bag.
We love the tumble, we love the crash and bang of the fall.
Thailand: many villages, including the representative datapoint of Huay Yen village, Wieng subdistrict, Chiang Khong District, Chiang Rai Province (originally from Pak Bang district of Laos, where the language is called Khmu Khrong, meaning 'Mekong Khmu').
Some writers have seen a connection between this verse and the Big Bang in physical cosmology.
She featured with Flip & Fill on chart hit "Shooting Star" in 2002, originally recorded by happy hardcore act Bang!.
This was followed in 2005 by "Sail Away" which was originally recorded by Bang!.
The names read were: Captain Sum Ting Wong ("something['s] wrong"), Wi Tu Lo ("we [are] too low", referring to the plane's altitude), Ho Lee Fuk ("holy fuck", but pronounced by Campbell as ) and Bang Ding Ow (onomatopoeia for hitting the ground and exclamations of pain).
On 29 August 2019, a Regional Express Saab 340B, registration VH-RXX, the crew received a right engine fire indication followed by a loud bang while they were shutting the engine down.
That August, group returned to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival at the Gilded Balloon with their show, The Lady Cocks of Bang Boys.
He tells how he went into Hitler's private study after hearing a sudden bang and found that Hitler and Braun were dead.
In 2018 the festival came back with a bang, boasting with a two days and who is who in reggae line up with greats as, Jimmy Cliff, Alborosie, Tarrus Riley, Konshens, Protoje and many more.
before velars, as in sack, bag, and bang, etc.
The band embarked on a summer festival tour in July 2014, performing at Masters Of Rock, Leyendas del Rock, Moscow Metal Meeting, Bang Your Head, Skogsrojet and Rock Pod Kamenom.
At the same time, in a closely related development, the study of physical cosmology entered the mainstream and the Big Bang became well established.
 Bang, Peter Fibiger (2008): The Roman Bazaar: A Comparative Study of Trade and Markets in a Tributary Empire, Cambridge University Press, , pp.
The planned merger and publication reorganization was modified in October 2011, when BANG decided to scrap plans to launch the East Bay Tribune and instead consolidate its East Bay newspapers under the Oakland Tribune name.
In March 2016, BANG announced it would further consolidate its newspapers (other than the Marin Independent Journal) down to two: The East Bay Times and The Mercury News, eliminating the Oakland Tribune and the other papers.
On both sides of the Bang Son (Even Mount) are two small mounts, Ta Bat Son (left mount) and Huu Bat Son (right mount).
Lione set out on Rhapsody's first headlining tour (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, Japan and Korea) and joined the summer festivals in Europe including the Bang Your Head Festival in Germany.
 The Second Big Bang (2017)
For the remainder of the race they continued to beat and bang on each other.
Tyson made a guest appearance as a version of himself in the episode "Brain Storm" of Stargate Atlantis alongside Bill Nye and in the episode "The Apology Insufficiency" of The Big Bang Theory.
In 2018, Tyson made a guest appearance on The Big Bang Theory as himself, together with fellow television personality Bill Nye, in the first episode of the show's final season ("The Conjugal Configuration").
A similar CITV show to appear a few years later was The Big Bang, presented by How 2'''s own Gareth Jones and Violet Berlin.
She won the 2001 AVN Award for Best Anal Sex Scene – Video for a gang bang scene with urophagia in the film In The Days of Whore (Extreme Associates).
The series' English dub was produced by Williams Street in Atlanta, Georgia and Bang Zoom!
Both studios collaborated on the English script and casting, Bang Zoom directed and recorded the actors, and Williams Street handled the final mixing for the dub.
In the summer of 2005 the band was invited to share the stage with the Rolling Stones at the Phoenix Concert Theater in Toronto as part of the Stones' Bigger Bang Tour.
The June 2010 issue contained a feature contributed by Csere titled "Suck, Squeeze, Bang!
Motivated by what he viewed as the failures of inflationary theory, Steinhardt became a leading developer of a new class of cosmological models that replace the so-called big bang with a bounce.
The new theory envisions a smooth transition from a previous period of contraction to the current period of expansion, avoiding any need for inflation and evading the infamous cosmic singularity problem associated with a big bang.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KICU-TV include Dish Nation, Divorce Court, The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family and TMZ on TV, among others.
In addition to the Fox network schedule, syndicated programs featured on KRXI-TV include Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, TMZ on TV, and The Real among others.
In the novel he fights well with bang (quarterstaff) or a pair of broadswords.
 Bang Goes the Budgie (1985)
 Bang Wong – Creative director of the Broad Institute at MIT and Harvard University
 Michael Trucco, Class of 1988, actor (Battlestar Galactica, How I Met Your Mother, The Big Bang Theory, Fairly Legal)
| Out with a Bang
He told Bang Showbiz: "I still watch EastEnders from time to time.
(Revenge (1986) and Hit and Run (1987)), and the first record he produced for a major record label was Bang Tango's Psycho Café in 1989.
Scott has also been a guest on numerous podcasts, including Comedy Bang!
Bang!, How Did This Get Made?, Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard, and Kevin Pollak's Chat Show.
He has founded several bands, including Saints of the Underground, Adler's Appetite (formerly Suki Jones), New World Idols, Rubber (formerly Blow), Big Bang Babies, and Empire (1987).
The seating area rotates 180 degrees to the right as guests face three large movie screens above the exit doors for the first part of the film: a five-minute CGI live-action film in which Bill takes Ellen back billions of years in time to witness the Big Bang and the formation of the earth.
He started with a bang, scoring 108 on debut against Oxford University in April 1965, and made eleven more hundreds over the years, though only twice (in 1969 and 1975) did he average over 30.
24 Line-X-Benders / eBay Bang!-sponsored Racing Toyota.
 Yao Wenlong as Ah Bang
Xe Bang Nouan National Biodiversity Conservation Area 
The scheme diverts water from the Nam Theun, a tributary of the Mekong River, to the Xe Bang Fai River, enabling a generation capacity of , from a  difference in elevation between the reservoir and the power station.
Nam Theun 2 is a trans-basin diversion power plant that uses water from the Nam Theun River and releases the water into the Xe Bang Fai River.
It stretches from the Nakai Plateau to the lower Xe Bang Fai River confluence with the Mekong.
Plans to restore the livelihoods of villagers on the Nakai Plateau and along the Xe Bang Fai have yet to be finalized.
NTPC promised to stop power production when floods occur on the Xe Bang Fai.
Livelihood development programs were put in place for the villagers living downstream on the Xe Bang Fai, in districts such as Mahaxai.
Caliber began to produce special comics for Wal-Mart, including the series Big Bang Comics (which later would have a long run at Image Comics), Stormquest, and a number of literary adaptations, including a version of Frankenstein.
Panelaços were first popularized in protests against then-President Dilma Rousseff in 2015, when Brazilians would bang pots from the windows and balconies of their apartments during Rousseff's televised speeches.
 Dead Bang (1989) - Sleepy
Series creator Dick Wolf later explained at the Television Critics Association press tour that he had consulted Röhm before scripting the scene — the only Wolf-authored scene in the installment — saying, "Do you want to go out with a bang or a whimper?"
On June 24, Marcus filmed a production for Bang Bros with noticeable white lesions on his penis.
Originating from riverside settlements dating from before the city's foundation, Bang Rak grew inland as new roads and canals were constructed through the area during the second half of the nineteenth century and the early twentieth, attracting communities of expatriates and developing into a major commercial district.
Today, Bang Rak is known for the financial activity of its commercial offices, as well as its vibrant nightlife scenes.
Settlements had formed along the Chao Phraya River since the Ayutthaya Kingdom (14th century – 1767), and some Buddhist temples in and around Bang Rak date to the period.
Downstream of the city and just beyond the Chinatown area, the waterfront stretch that is now Bang Rak Subdistrict was home to Thais, Chinese, Vietnamese, Malays, Lao, Tavoyans, and descendants of Portuguese, among others.
The canal separated Bang Rak, on the far side from the city, from the Chinatown area, and as the country began modernizing and opened to the West under Mongkut's reign, European visitors began establishing themselves here.
They petitioned Mongkut to build roads for their use, first to the Phra Khanong area (to where they planned to relocate but later abandoned the idea), then to serve the waterfront community in Bang Rak.
The earliest government proclamation naming Bang Rak as a district dates to 1908, and it was re-established with boundaries near its present form in 1915.
The district is named Bang Rak after the original waterfront settlement.
While bang is a common place name prefix for villages situated on a rivers, the origins of the second word are unclear.
Bang Rak Subdistrict is on the riverside west of Charoen Krung.
Bang Rak District contains some highly developed areas.
While establishments line the road on both sides, Bang Rak District only covers those on the north; the road's south side is in the area of Sathon District.
The flurry of activity, however, doesn't reach the waterfront area along Charoen Krung Road (mostly covered by Bang Rak Subdistrict), which retains much of its historic architecture.
Among the best known features of Bang Rak District are the skyscrapers of Si Lom and Sathon, some of which—Mahanakhon, State Tower, and Jewelry Trade Center—are among the tallest buildings in the country.
Other hospitals also have histories related to the Western presence: Lerdsin Hospital (on Si Lom Road, near Bang Rak Intersection) was first headed by Thomas Heyward Hays, a doctor with the Presbyterian mission, while BNH Hospital was founded as a nursing home by the British community.
Bang Rak is served by the Silom Line of the BTS Skytrain and the Blue Line of the MRT, as well as the Chao Phraya Express Boat and regular bus services.
But it doesn't provide the Big Bang needed to unseat Mortal or Killer in the arcades."
Reckitt's brands include the antiseptic brand Dettol, the analgesic Disprin, the sore throat medicine Strepsils, the hair removal brand Veet, the immune support supplement Airborne, the indigestion remedy Gaviscon, the baby food brand Mead Johnson, the air freshener Air Wick, and other brands and products like: Calgon, Clearasil, Cillit Bang, Durex, Lysol, Mycil, Enfamil, Nutramigen and Vanish.
In 2003, the band played in Bang Your Head Festival, in Germany.
Footage of this process was broadcast on Channel 4 TV's "Equinox" programme Twang, Bang, Kerrang!
Some widely accepted and studied theories and models in astronomy, now included in the Lambda-CDM model are the Big Bang, Cosmic inflation, dark matter, and fundamental theories of physics.
Deuterium on Earth has been enriched with respect to its initial concentration in the Big Bang and the outer solar system (about 27 ppm, by atom fraction) and its concentration in older parts of the Milky Way galaxy (about 23 ppm).
The Battle of Bang Bo, known in China as the Battle of Zhennan Pass (), was a major Chinese victory during the Sino-French War (August 1884 – April 1885).
By the middle of March nine separate Chinese military commands were massed close up to the Tonkinese border around the enormous entrenched camps of Yen Cua Ai and Bang Bo.
Hoping to take the Chinese by surprise, he decided to cross the frontier and attack the Guangxi Army in its entrenchments at Bang Bo, near the frontier pass of Zhennanguan.
After giving the Chinese a bloody nose at Bang Bo and clearing them away from the approaches to Dong Dang, he would return to Lạng Sơn with the 2nd Brigade.
This engagement, known as the Battle of Zhennan Pass in China, is normally called Bang Bo in European sources, after the name of a village in the centre of the Chinese position where the fighting was fiercest.
On 24 March de Négrier attacked the Guangxi Army's main positions around Bang Bo.
The battle of Bang Bo therefore paved the way for the Retreat from Lạng Sơn and the collapse of Jules Ferry's administration on 30 March in the Tonkin Affair.
 Later Lê dynasty called An Bang
In season 3 episode 14 ("The Einstein Approximation") of the TV series The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon seeks inspiration in a ball pit at a mall, then hides from Leonard, who spends a good amount of time and effort trying to retrieve Sheldon from the pit.
More than 75 women trained under him, including Anna Ancher, Ville Bang, Johanne Krebs, Emilie Mundt, Marie Luplau, Emmy Thornam, Elise Konstantin-Hansen, Nicoline Tuxen, and Margrethe Backer Welhaven.
The English dub was produced at Bang Zoom!
It features the track "Westdeutschlands Kings" by Kollegah, Favorite and Farid Bang, a diss track aimed at Sido, Fler and Kitty Kat.
The story ends as, with a tremendous BANG!
It was also distributed as a simple album by Bang Records (with a different cover).
His studies of the evolution of matter in the earliest moments of the universe were critical in the establishment of the Big Bang theory as a widely accepted hypothesis.
2000s – The Class, Courting Alex, Two and a Half Men, Back to You, The Big Bang Theory, Gary Unmarried, Hank
For a March tour of Japan, Adler's Appetite enlisted Bang Tango and Beautiful Creatures singer Joe Lesté to fill in for Pearl, who cited personal obligations for his absence.
Following the European tour, the band appeared at the Rock the Boat festival, traveling between Oslo, Norway and Fredrikshavn, Denmark, in April, with a tour of the US with Bang Tango and Faster Pussycat following in the summer.
Likewise his historical narratives and folk ballads bring history smack bang into the present with timeless contemporary meaning.
If Country Life had flagged them up as an 'issues' band, AIG carried those colors slap bang into the mainstream.
All I want you to do is just wander round all of the stuff and bang it, shout, play it."
 "Never Give Up" by Bang Yong Guk and Zelo
When Fawcett went to press with the magazine, the first issue was retitled as Whiz Comics, a name inspired by the company's bawdy humor magazine, Captain Billy's Whiz Bang.
It was composed of hydrogen and helium created shortly after the Big Bang 13.8 Ga (billion years ago) and heavier elements ejected by supernovae.
Music groups, both Japanese and foreign, include Animetal, Anipunk, Globe, Move, Flow, Glay, Glory Gospel Singers, Anime That Jazz!, Max, and Roselia, a band from the media franchise BanG Dream!.
On 12 March 1928, six of these districts: Phahurat, Samran Rat, Phra Ratchawang, Chana Songkhram, Sam Yot, and Bang Khun Phrom were merged to form Amphoe Phra Nakhon.
Cramer's simulation of the sound of the Big Bang, created using Mathematica, attracted some mainstream press attention in late 2003 and again in 2013.
During a headliner show of the band Edguy at the Bang Your Head Festival in 2012, Sammet fell off the stage and broke his nose and several ribs.
Near the end of his life, two pornographic Sally Forth stories featuring Sally and Bill Yonder were created and published by Wood in the adult comic book series Gang Bang #1 in 1980 and #2 in 1981.
The project came to a halt when the Big Bang extension was stopped due to the loss of potential funding.
As the canal was extended further eastward and became known as Khlong Bang Kapi (later Khlong Saen Saep), the outlying areas were cleared for paddy fields, though apart from the canal's banks the areas remained sparsely populated.
The area that is now Pathum Wan was occupied by royal paddy fields by the canal, between Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem and Ban Khrua to the west and the Bang Kapi fields to the east.
In 2015, he worked with Alex Lozupone's group, Eighty Pound Pug on a jazz-metal album; and with German visual artist Sig Bang Schmidt on Flying Home In 2017, he collaborated with his wife on two projects, Frozen Heatwave and Black Magic.
Professor known mostly for his alternative cosmology theory, which contradicts the Big Bang theory.
Kernel density estimation is also used in interpolating a Head Bang routine, in estimating a two-dimensional Journey-to-crime density function, and in estimating a three-dimensional Bayesian Journey-to-crime estimate.
It is reported that passengers heard a loud bang, a shudder and smoke at about 21:30, when the vessel suffered an engine failure and crank explosion.
The band featured former Big Bang Babies guitarist Keri Kelli, Steve Summers (Steven Podwalski), Kristy Majors (Chris Maggiore, Jr.), Keff Ratcliffe and Kari Kane (Cary Ayers).
On October 9th, 2009, on "Comedy Bang!
They are known as  in Japanese releases, and are sometimes referred to as DBSK, an abbreviation of their Korean name Dong Bang Shin Ki ().
During their early recording sessions, the group was offered some tentative names to use: SM5, Dream Team, O Jang Yuk Bu (; literally "The Five Visceras and the Six Entrails"), Jeon Meok Go (short for Jeonseoleul Meokgo Saneun Gorae; ; literally "A Whale That Eats Legends"), and Dong Bang Bul Pae (), the Korean name for the Chinese wuxia character, Invincible East.
They decided on Dong Bang Bul Pae, and even obtained permission to use the name from Film Workshop, but the name was later rejected by their management because the Hanja was not aesthetically pleasing.
Their name was subsequently finalized to Dong Bang Shin Ki (), which was suggested by Lee's acquaintance.
 "Blue" (Big Bang song), 2012
One of the characters suggests this is incompatible with the Big Bang theory.
At 2:10 pm, Captain Kubeck and First Officer Richard Hazen heard a loud bang on their headphones.
However, the brigade there conducted a hasty retreat after a failed attack at the Battle of Bang Bo into China; the "retreat from Lạng Sơn" became the most controversial aspect of the war and led to the fall of Jules Ferry's ministry.
Comedian Nick Wiger appeared annually on the Comedy Bang!
 Ǒusībùyúnlǚ (Cloud-stepping Boots or Cloud-stepping Shoes), made of lotus fiber, these are one of the treasures of the Dragon Kings; Ào Ming gives them to Sun Wukong in order to get rid of him when he acquires the Ruyi Jingu Bang.
 Ruyi Jingu Bang, the staff of Sun Wukong, which could alter its size from a tiny needle to a mighty pillar.
Bang, Marie Lødrup  (1988) Johan Christian Dahl 1788-1857: Life and Works Volume 1-3  (Scandinavian University Press Publication)
Written for Bang on a Can.
Syndicated programming on KUCW includes The King of Queens, The Big Bang Theory, Jerry Springer, Two and a Half Men, and Maury.
 "Bad Boy" (Big Bang song), 2012
As if to prove big bang and big bucks were mutual partners, some $100,000 could be budgeted for a single installment.
Syndicated programming currently broadcast (as of September 2021) on KGNS-DT2 includes The Big Bang Theory, DailyMailTV, 25 Words or Less, Entertainment Tonight, Young Sheldon, Divorce Court, Funny You Should Ask, Judge Mathis and The People's Court.
 Bang or Ball (2001)
In these circumstances, it is important that the stirrups do not bang against the horse's side.
 Battle of Cao Bang (1979)
Hong also played a similar role in several episodes of The Big Bang Theory during its first season, as well as in the "Color Blind" episode during the first season of Alias.
Weakened by Krona's attack, the Grandmaster explains how he brought the universes together to imprison Krona using the 12 items, but Krona is merging the universes further in order to destroy them, hoping to create a new Big Bang, which he can survive and finally learn its mysteries.
In modern times, the Mott problem is occasionally considered theoretically in the context of astrophysics and cosmology, where the evolution of the wave function from the Big Bang or other astrophysical phenomena is considered.
The same year, Murphy began work on his debut album Out with a Bang, released in early 1995.
Out with a Bang became the best-selling album for a new male country act in 1995 and was certified gold by the RIAA.
Out with a Bang (1994)
The Big Bug Bang, the sequel to Commander Blood, was released in 1996, and was available in French only.
Players traverse both time and space as they enter black holes in the search for the Big Bang.
The game focuses on Commander Blood's interactions with the denizens of the worlds players travel to in search for the Big Bang.
Syndicated programming on KAYU-TV includes Tamron Hall, Family Feud, 25 Words or Less, The Doctors, Two and a Half Men, Mike & Molly, The Goldbergs, Modern Family, Last Man Standing and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
On the same year, South Korean group Big Bang held their MADE (V.I.P) Tour fan meeting at the stadium.
Sathon Road marks the northern boundary of the district, with the southern lane of the road belonging to Sathon District and the northern lane across the Sathon Canal belonging to Bang Rak.
Syndicated programming broadcast on WTVC-DT2 (as of September 2021) includes The Big Bang Theory, Judge Mathis, Seinfeld, Family Feud, The Dr. Oz Show, Mike & Molly, The Doctors, and Last Man Standing.
He participated in games such as Devil's Domain, Stuck Up, and his own game, Animal Bang.
The Big Bang Theory'''s pilot episode satirizes the repository when Leonard and Sheldon visit the "high-IQ sperm bank," intending to donate specimens, only to leave after Sheldon suffers a moral crisis over committing "genetic fraud" by donating sperm that may not produce the promised genius offspring.
Evans then went to Lingayen Gulf and Bang Saen, Thailand and returned to Yankee Station 2 August 1967.
Young-ju, who is possessed by Jin-hee's ghost, goes to Ji-won's house, in Bang Bae, jumps down the stairs and is hospitalized.
He had heard Mrs Williamson lock the door, then heard the front door bang open "hard" and Bridget shout, "We are all murdered!".
Current syndicated programs on KIMA include Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, The Big Bang Theory, and The Simpsons, which has aired at 7:30 p.m. a majority of the time since it went into syndication in the fall of 1994.
 2013 – Meera Menon for Farah Goes Bang
Syndicated programming on WABI includes How I Met Your Mother, The Big Bang Theory, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and The Dr. Oz Show among others.
lang and the Siss Boom Bang, Gary Clark Jr., Ray LaMontagne
He also noted that the season finished "with one bang of a cliffhanger".
Busta Rhymes was really pleased with the album: "I would not have changed The Big Bang album for the world.
On his Dr. Dre's top 10 haunting beats, he said: "A masterclass in minimalism, Dr. Dre closed out Busta Rhyme's Aftermath debut The Big Bang in a truly disturbing fashion.
Dan Weiss from Billboard Magazine said: "Dr. Dre oversaw Busta's 2006 semi-comeback The Big Bang, which ends with an inspired horrorcore piece that uses Dre's dirgelike tendencies to its advantage.
His previous highest album peak was #3 for the album When Disaster Strikes, almost ten years before the release of The Big Bang.
PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are abundant in the Universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Track thirteen was recorded at the Bang Your Head!!!
6, and "If You Really Love Me" released on Big Bang Records, which peaked at No.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KMPH-TV include The Wendy Williams Show, The People's Court, Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, and Family Feud.
His art work has been featured in popular music, including Flying Lotus’ 2010 release Cosmogramma and The Rolling Stones’ A Bigger Bang Tour in the 2000s.
Imagery from McCloskey’s Grimoire (itself an unused prop from the E. Elias Merhige horror film Shadow of the Vampire) was prominently featured on The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour in the 2000s.
They played a series of shows in Melbourne, and the remaining line-up recorded the finishing touches to the album, Cold Harvest, which was released on Bang!
 The Big Bang – The Essential Collection (2003)
Maillet played a Russian professional boxer who took a dive in the 2011 film The Big Bang.
Núi Két (Anh Vũ Sơn) "Parrot Mountain" - The mountain is 225 meters in height with 1,100 meters in length, located 2,5 kilometers away from Nha Bang street-market.
Syndicated programming on WPFO includes Maury, Hot Bench, The Doctors, Family Feud, and The Big Bang Theory.
Ilene Berns, widow of Bert Berns, signed Davis to Bang Records in 1969, and in 1970, released a cover version of The Jarmels' hit "A Little Bit of Soap", reaching No.
Davis was active on Bang Records when the label folded in the early 1980s.
After one more album on the Bang label, Davis signed with Arista Records in 1981 and scored two more hits, "Cool Night" (which in February 1982 reached No.
He was married to Pamela Gayle Jay Davis, who enjoyed a brief career with Bang Records/Web IV Music in Atlanta, where Davis was writing and recording his songs.
This song marked Davis's second single release upon his departure from Bang Records to Arista, the first being "Cool Night".
I Need Love / Lonely Eyes, single by Kata, Bang Trax  Finland	1989
The versions by the Exciters, Paul Davis and Nigel Olsson were all recorded for Bang Records, the label which Bert Berns had founded in 1965.
Its length is 5.115 km from Surawongse Road in Bang Rak District in the southeast and meets Rama III Road in Yan Nawa District.
A residence of the queen can be seen at the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace.
He was also the host of the Science Channel special João Magueijo's Big Bang, which premiered on 13 May 2008.
 João Magueijo's Big Bang on the Science Channel
Pocket knives may be used to castrate and/or earmark an animal, to bang cattle tails or in an emergency to cut free an animal entangled in a rope or horse tack.
 Big Bang Comics #4 (among other artists) (1996)
 Tekno Comix (Big Entertainment) The Big Bang #1–14 (four-page backup feature that ran in most Tekno Comix titles in 1996)Gene Roddenberry's Lost Universe #5 (1995)
The station also airs syndicated reruns of The Big Bang Theory and its spin-off Young Sheldon, both of which first-ran on CBS.
This funded research group is funded by an ERC Consolidator Grant and works on theoretical physics of the very early universe and the Big Bang.
The Big Bang should have produced equal amounts of matter and antimatter.
This pair emerged from the Big Bang epochs not directly into a hot, radiation-dominated era.
The antiuniverse would flow back in time from the Big Bang, becoming bigger as it does so, and would be also dominated by antimatter.
This model, devised by physicists from the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Canada, proposes that temperature fluctuations in the cosmic microwave background (CMB) are due to the quantum-mechanical nature of space-time near the Big Bang singularity.
This weapon is referred to as "the Nevada Gun", and is activated by triggering a Big Bang in an infant universe, and channeling that energy into a giant beam of destruction.
After Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle and The Missing Link, The Big Bang is the third feature by Picha, which includes Picha's typical humor and his love of provocation and nonsense.
The Big Bang is a film about the all wars, including personal wars you find in the family."
 Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BCE), after the surrender and death of emperor Ziying of the Qin dynasty; the rival rebel leaders Liu Bang and Xiang Yu sought to set up their own new dynasties
The cosmotheistic hypothesis stipulates that the Big Bang that created our cosmos was a local event in an infinite universe — a universe that contains an infinite number of cosmoi (what is now being speculated by theoretical physicists as the multiverse).
Apart from the indie music scene, Pallett has had commissions from the Barbican, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, National Ballet of Canada, Bang on a Can, Ecstatic Music Festival, the Vancouver CBC Orchestra, and Fine Young Classicals.
It is common practice to constantly bang the table and shout 'Mao!
His music was performed posthumously at the 1993 Bang on a Can Festival, and a CD of his music entitled Photographs was released in 2002.
I was fiddling with the piano – I just bang away – and then if a melody comes and some words, I just have to keep going.
Neighboring districts are (from north clockwise) Pom Prap Sattru Phai, Bang Rak, Khlong San (across Chao Phraya River), and Phra Nakhon.
It's the veritable big bang for the format as pop art."
 Preben Bang Henriksen (born 1954 in Nørresundby) a Danish barrister and politician
T.O.P (born Choi Seung-hyun), South Korean actor and singer, member of boy band Big Bang
Narlikar is known for his work in cosmology, especially in championing models alternative to the popular Big Bang model.
A Different Approach to Cosmology: From a Static Universe through the Big Bang towards Reality, 2005
In Big Bang cosmology, the entire universe was in a plasma state prior to recombination.
Segal provided an alternative to the Big Bang theory of expansion of the universe.
As for the cosmic microwave background, in the chronometric view, "The observed blackbody... is simply the most likely disposition of remnants of light on a purely random basis... and is not at all uniquely indicative of a Big Bang."
Billy Bang (September 20, 1947 – April 11, 2011), born William Vincent Walker, was an American free jazz violinist and composer.
Bang was fairly small, so he received a violin instead of either of his first choices, the saxophone or the drums.
Bang felt that he had little in common with the largely privileged children at the school, who included Jackie Robinson, Jr. (son of baseball star Jackie Robinson) and Arlo Guthrie, and he struggled to reconcile the disparity between the wealth of the school and the poverty of his home in New York.
Bang spent six months in basic training and another two weeks learning jungle warfare, arriving in South Vietnam just before the Tet Offensive.
After Bang returned from the war, his life lacked direction.
During one of these trips, Bang spotted three violins hanging at the back of a pawnshop, and he impulsively purchased one.
Billy Bang explored his experience in Vietnam in two albums:  Vietnam:  The Aftermath (2001) and Vietnam:  Reflections (2005), recorded with a band which included several other veterans of that war.
Bang died on April 11, 2011.
According to an associate, Bang had suffered from lung cancer.
 "The Good Life" (Bullets Go Bang Remix) – 5:14
Syndicated programming on WBFS-TV include Family Feud, The Big Bang Theory, Family Guy, Bob's Burgers, 2 Broke Girls, and Mike & Molly.
In addition to carrying The CW's full network programming lineup, syndicated programming on WCWF includes The Big Bang Theory, The People's Court, Extra, Judge Jerry, and Family Guy among others; the station also carried the entire run of The Daily Buzz, which originated under ACME ownership, from its 2003 launch to its sudden April 17, 2015 ending.
In 1968, she made her debut on the big screen in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer western Day of the Evil Gun, followed by roles in the films Heaven with a Gun, co-starring Glenn Ford, Bang the Drum Slowly, Chosen Survivors, The Black Marble, Back Roads, The Lords of Discipline, and That Was Then...
 Mashiro Kurata, a character in the rhythm game BanG Dream!
Stones concert films that contain the song include: Ladies and Gentlemen: The Rolling Stones, [[L.A. Friday|From the Vault – L.A Forum - Live in 1975]], Let's Spend the Night Together, Stones at the Max, Bridges to Babylon Tour '97–98, Four Flicks, The Biggest Bang, Sweet Summer Sun: Hyde Park Live, and Havana Moon''.
 "Wonderfull Days / Is There Anybody Out There" (2001) - Bang On!
Theism, Atheism, and Big Bang Cosmology.
Fujiwara would bang his head repeatedly against the ring's corner post's metal face to provoke Coage, and behind the scenes, Coage would advise him not to do so repeatedly, in fear of suffering permanent real-life damage.
He entered with a bang by qualifying in the top 10 for his first race, in China.
as bang paths in UUCP and Usenet (NetNews).
To make things worse sometimes the new (1982) style of addresses was mixed with old UUCP bang paths in constructs like...
The band signed to WEA and, for their next album, Big Bang!
The one opinion, which I think is extreme, is represented by the NGOs, who bang on about declaring water a public right.
Howard Wolowitz, The Big Bang Theory – Masters in Engineering
E. Bang, a Danish veterinarian, described the intracellular pathogen causing abortion in cattle in 1897, and named it Bacillus abortus.
Stage twenty-one was back to the flatlands where the always gutsy, prideful and spirited Hinault decided to work his way to the front of the pack and bang elbows with the sprinters fighting it out for the stage win.
The CMB is a prediction of the Big Bang model of an expanding universe.
Tango #1–6 (with Adrian Sibar, Vertigo, 2009) collected as Bang!
He is best known for his work in films including Road Trip (2000), The New Guy and The Core (2003), and for several appearances on television series such as Breaking Bad, Supernatural, Scrubs, Lost, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, and The Big Bang Theory.
His television work includes eccentric hunter Garth Fitzgerald IV on Supernatural and appearances on Monk, Scrubs, Criminal Minds, Lost, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, CSI, Numb3rs, My Name Is Earl, Breaking Bad, The Big Bang Theory, and Memphis Beat.
 Timeline of the Big Bang, detailing the history of the universe
In terms of lyricism, he simplifies some of his rhymes after touring with The Rolling Stones on their A Bigger Bang concert tour and discovering he could not captivate the audiences as well with his most complex lyrical themes.
Huebel appears frequently on the comedy podcast Comedy Bang!
Big Bang Comics is an American comic book anthology series, designed to be an homage to Golden Age and Silver Age comics.
Most stories in Big Bang Comics take place either on "Earth-A," during the 1960s, or on "Earth-B" during the 1940s, featuring characters such as Ultiman, Thunder Girl, and Dr. Weird.
Big Bang Comics first appeared in 1994, with a five-issue limited series (numbered 1–4 and 0), published by Caliber Comics.
(In the 1990s Carlson wrote Berzerker for Caliber Press; one of the first canonical appearances of a Big Bang Comics character was by the Knight Watchman in Berzerker #1 [Feb.
In 1993, Carlson and Edward DeGeorge acquired all rights to Dr. Weird from Howard Keltner, eventually folded him into the Big Bang universe and making him the only character with a genuine pedigree.
Through 2005, Image Comics published 35 issues of Big Bang Comics set in the Image Universe, followed by seven one-shot comics.
Like its predecessor series Big Bang Comics, this is an anthology featuring a rotating cast of new and established characters in a self-contained fictional universe, written by Carlson and drawn by Ecker and various other artists.
All of these false covers appeared on the reverse of the Caliber Press limited series issues in scaled-down shots, and again as full-page replicas in Big Bang #0.
The Big Bang Comics RPG uses a streamlined version of the D20 system.
Big Bang Comics on International Superheroes
 The Bang and the Whimper, 1982
After taking a 15-year hiatus, she returned as a fluffer in The World's Biggest Gang Bang III – The Houston 620 (1999).
In early 1966 Barry and Greenwich discovered a talented young singer-songwriter named Neil Diamond and brought him to the attention of Bert Berns, one of the principals of Bang Records.
Barry and Greenwich can be heard singing backgrounds on many of Diamond's Bang recordings.
Among Barry's new collaborators were Marty Sanders, a member of the pop group Jay and the Americans, and Bang label CEO Bert Berns, with whom he wrote "Am I Groovin' You?
 The Big Bang (1987)
Films in which she appeared included All of Me, Bang the Drum Slowly, It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World, and My Favorite Year.
It was completed in July 2005 by the Manufacturing & Mechatronics Lab of Seoul National University headed by Professor Young-Bong Bang.
Syndicated programming seen on WMOR-TV as of September 2020 includes The Big Bang Theory, Tamron Hall, The Kelly Clarkson Show, The Good Dish, The Goldbergs, Modern Family, and The Steve Wilkos Show among others.
After that, the king ordered Song Yi and Liu Bang to lead two armies to attack Qin, and promised to award the title "King of Guanzhong" to whoever entered Guanzhong (the Qin heartland) first.
In the winter of 207 BC, Liu Bang arrived in Guanzhong first, before Xiang Yu.
According to the promise made earlier by King Huai II, Liu Bang should rightfully have become the "King of Guanzhong", but after Xiang Yu reached Guanzhong, he wrote a letter to King Huai II to ask the king to give him the title instead.
Between 206–202 BC, a power struggle for supremacy over China (historically known as the Chu–Han Contention) broke out between Xiang Yu and Liu Bang.
Liu Bang used Emperor Yi's death as political propaganda to justify his war against Xiang Yu.
In 202 BC, the Chu–Han Contention concluded with victory for Liu Bang, who became the sovereign ruler of China and established the Han dynasty.
The main parties involved in the banquet were Liu Bang and Xiang Yu, two prominent leaders of insurgent forces who rebelled against the Qin dynasty from 209–206 BC.
Liu Bang and Xiang Yu were two prominent leaders who emerged from among the rebels.
King Huai II sent Xiang Yu and Liu Bang to lead two separate forces to attack the Qin heartland of Guanzhong, and promised that whoever entered that region first would be granted the title of "King of Guanzhong".
The last Qin emperor Ziying surrendered to Liu Bang, marking the end of the Qin dynasty.
Liu Bang also sent troops to garrison at Hangu Pass to block Xiang Yu from entering Guanzhong.
When Xiang Yu arrived at Hangu Pass, he was displeased to hear that Liu Bang had already occupied Guanzhong, so he attacked and conquered the pass, pushing on to west of Xishui (戲水).
Liu Bang and his army were based in Bashang (霸上) then.
Cao Wushang also added that Liu Bang had seized all the riches of Xianyang for himself.
Liu Bang was shocked when Zhang Liang related the news to him, and he sought advice from Zhang to avoid danger.
Zhang Liang instructed Liu Bang to enlist the help of Xiang Bo to reduce Xiang Yu's suspicions.
Liu Bang met Xiang Bo and treated him like an honoured guest, flattering Xiang Bo and pretending to arrange for a marriage between his son and Xiang Bo's daughter while asking Xiang Bo to plead with Xiang Yu on his behalf.
The following day, Liu Bang brought around 100 men with him to meet Xiang Yu at Hong Gate (鴻門), where Xiang had prepared a banquet to entertain him.
Liu Bang also explained that the misunderstanding was caused by vile words from someone plotting to sow discord between him and Xiang Yu.
He invited Liu Bang to partake in the banquet.
The main parties involved in the feast were seated in the following arrangement: Xiang Yu and Xiang Bo faced east; Fan Zeng faced south; Liu Bang faced north; Zhang Liang faced west (known as servant's seat).
During the banquet, Fan Zeng made signals and hinted many times to Xiang Yu to kill Liu Bang, but Xiang ignored him.
Xiang Zhuang started dancing after Xiang Yu approved, but Xiang Bo offered to join the performance and he blocked Xiang Zhuang with his body whenever the latter thrust his sword towards Liu Bang.
Shortly after, Xiang Yu sent Chen Ping to call Liu Bang back to the feast.
Liu Bang felt that he should bid Xiang Yu farewell but Fan Kuai opposed his decision.
Fan Kuai was essentially reminding Liu Bang that their lives were in Xiang Yu's hands and they should escape as soon as they had a chance.
Before his escape, Liu Bang gave Zhang Liang a pair of jade tablets and a pair of jade measuring cups, telling him to present them to Xiang Yu and Fan Zeng respectively.
Xiang Yu accepted the jade tablets but Fan Zeng threw the jade cups to the ground and cut them to pieces with his sword, predicting that Liu Bang would take away the empire from Xiang Yu one day.
Liu Bang had Cao Wushang executed after returning to his camp.
Fan Zeng's prediction came true in 202 BC as Xiang Yu eventually lost to Liu Bang in the power struggle for supremacy over China from 206–202 BC, known as the Chu–Han Contention.
 "Contradictions" (with Bang Gang) 2003
During the Wavelength tour, Morrison performed in his native Belfast for the first time since leaving for the US to record "Brown Eyed Girl" for Bang Records.
A Bigger Bang is the 22nd British and 24th American studio album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, released through Virgin Records on 6 September 2005.
A Bigger Bang was written in June 2004 by Jagger and Richards at Jagger's chateau in Pocé-sur-Cisse, France.
In August 2005, the Rolling Stones embarked on the 90-show A Bigger Bang Tour in support of the album.
A Bigger Bang was touted as the best Rolling Stones album in years.
A Bigger Bang went platinum in the US and Germany, and gold in Japan.
In 2009, A Bigger Bang was reissued by Universal Music Group.
Liu Bang was the first anti-Qin rebel to enter the Guanzhong region, capture Xianyang and end the Qin dynasty, and thus earned the right to rule it as his fief.
When an unsuspecting person pulls the cap of the pen off, the spring drives the lever against the explosive cap for a surprise bang.
Co-founder of the musical collective Bang on a Can, he was awarded the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Music for The Little Match Girl Passion, which went on to win a 2010 Grammy Award for Best Small Ensemble Performance by Paul Hillier and Theatre of Voices.
Together with Julia Wolfe and Michael Gordon, Lang co-founded Bang on a Can in 1987.
Produced by Bang on a Can, the loser opened the 2016 BAM Next Wave Festival.
His music has also been represented on recordings by Icebreaker, So Percussion, Bang on a Can All-Stars and Evan Ziporyn.
3 last year thanks in large part to its indoor and outdoor double in men's track, setting the stage for a record setting 2011–12 year that helped Shorter depart the NAIA with a bang.
He played Leonard Hofstadter in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019) for which he received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination, and David Healy in the ABC sitcoms Roseanne (1992–1997; 2018) and The Conners (2018–2019).
Galecki was one of the highest paid television actors in the world, with his role in The Big Bang Theory earning him approximately US$900,000 per episode between 2017 and 2019.
In 2018, he was estimated to be the world's second highest-paid male TV actor by Forbes (behind only his The Big Bang Theory co-star Jim Parsons), earning $25 million.
He appeared in one episode of Blossom in 1991, opposite his future The Big Bang Theory co-star Mayim Bialik.
Galecki played Leonard Hofstadter in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, which ran from 2007 to 2019 and was, for most of its run, among the top three most popular television comedies in the US.
Until 2013, Galecki and his Big Bang co-stars Kaley Cuoco and Jim Parsons each earned US$325,000 per episode.
As a teenager, Galecki dated his Roseanne (and later The Big Bang Theory) co-star Sara Gilbert (their characters also dated).
While working on The Big Bang Theory, Galecki dated co-star Kaley Cuoco for about two years until December 2009 while the two also played a couple on the show.
Emperor Gaozu of Han (256 BC – 195 BC), or Liu Bang, known as Prince/King of Han (漢王) from 206 BC to 202 BC
On 21 September 1562 tremors lasting for a "third of an hour" shook the land, and were followed by a bang.
In 2013, Solomon Childs appeared on the single Bang To The Death by Mike ADHD featuring Ruste Juxx, Kromeatose, Fes Taylor and Solomon Childs.
Raekwon appeared on Busta's 2006 album The Big Bang, on the Dr. Dre/Erick Sermon-produced song "Goldmine", and Busta in turn appeared on the Dr. Dre-produced "About Me" from 2009's Only Built 4 Cuban Linx II.
This may be because, in its ionized form, a hydrogen atom becomes a single proton, of which is theorized to have been one of the first major conglomerates of quarks during the initial second of the Universe's inflation period, following the Big Bang.
Also in 2015, she also made a guest-appearance on the August 6 episode of IFC's Comedy Bang!
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bang Sue, Chatuchak, Din Daeng, Ratchathewi, and Dusit.
Phaya Thai district was set up in 1966 by taking areas that were part of Dusit and Bang Kapi Districts.
Phra Khanong is both a subdistrict of Khlong Toei and a district on its own, with only subdistrict Bang Chak.
Goldberg produced and composed additional musical score to the documentary feature film BANG!
Kelly's later roles were as the ARP warden in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010), and as the old boatman, John Merdell, in the ITV production of Dead Man's Folly in the final (2013) series of Agatha Christie’s Poirot, the last episode of the series to be filmed.
Programming includes U.S. imports such as The Big Bang Theory, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, CSI: Miami, Family Guy, American Dad!, The Cleveland Show, Malcolm in the Middle, The U.S. Office, Conan, House, The Steve Wilkos Show, Friends, Glee, The Middle and Modern Family.
The Big Bang model for the origin of the universe became widely accepted, and in 1978 a Nobel Prize was awarded to Bell scientists Penzias and Wilson for their detection of the cosmic background radiation.
In addition to the Fox network schedule, syndicated programs broadcast on WJW include Judge Judy, Daily Mail TV, The Big Bang Theory and The Real.
These include batarangs, smoke grenades, flash bang grenades, and an 'HF Transponder', which summons bats to gather around and incapacitate enemies with "fear" (a gameplay mechanic unique to this game).
McCarthy told them, "it will be hard not to hit her with it, but I will bang it down."
The 32X conversion was co-developed by Big Bang Software alongside Zombie Virtual Reality Entertainment and published by Activision exclusively in North America in October 1995.
In a more contemporary analysis, Plain Dealer music critic John Soeder considered it the "Big Bang of rock 'n' roll" and is now generally recognized within popular culture as the first rock concert.
Jean-Marc Lepain, Robin Mihrshahi, Dale E. Lehman and Julio Savi suggest a possible relation of this statement with the Big Bang theory.
However, the description of the dish that most closely resembles today's form of Samgye-tang can be found in Joseon Yorijaebeop (), the cookbook Shinyoung Bang, the professor of Ewha Womans University, wrote in 1917 to compile the information on how to make various traditional dishes of Joseon.
Syndicated programming on WLAX/WEUX includes The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Modern Family, and Judge Judy among others.
1 – Groove Bang and Jive Around (2001, Amulet)
Clark would not work directly work with Psychopathic Records until 2009's Bang!
According to the Big Bang theory, in the early universe, mass-less photons and massive fermions would inter-convert freely.
Swimme believes there is a new story, the Epic of Evolution, a cosmological narrative that begins with the Big Bang, which started the whole process, and proceeds to the evolution of the universe and life on earth.
Following a number of United States shows and European festival appearances (Bloodstock Open Air in the UK in 2005, Keep it True in Germany in 2005, Bang Your Head!!!
 8 April 2006: A Bigger Bang Tour - The Rolling Stones
The Rolling Stones were scheduled to perform at the stadium on 25 July 2007 as part of their A Bigger Bang Tour, but the concert was moved to Warsaw, Poland because of political crisis and early parliament elections in Ukraine.
The anime was then licensed to Media Blasters in 2004, who released the series on DVD featuring a new English dub by Bang Zoom!
The Rolling Stones played on the Common as part of their A Bigger Bang Tour.
Big History is an academic discipline which examines history from the Big Bang to the present.
Big History examines the past using numerous time scales, from the Big Bang to modernity, unlike conventional history courses which typically begin with the introduction of farming and civilization, or with the beginning of written records.
Cosmic evolution, the scientific study of universal change, is closely related to Big History (as are the allied subjects of the epic of evolution and astrobiology); some researchers regard cosmic evolution as broader than Big History since the latter mainly (and rightfully) examines the specific historical trek from Big Bang → Milky Way → Sun → Earth → humanity.
His analysis did not begin with the Big Bang, but his chapter "Foundations of History" explored the influences of large-scale geological and astronomical forces over a broad time period.
He developed a college course beginning with the Big Bang to the present in which he collaborated with numerous colleagues from diverse fields in science and the humanities and the social sciences.
This course eventually became a Teaching Company course entitled Big History: The Big Bang, Life on Earth, and the Rise of Humanity, with 24 hours of lectures, which appeared in 2008.
Chatuchak was originally part of Bang Khen district.
Central Juvenile and Family Court is located on Kamphaeng Phet Road near Bang Sue Grand Station.
Syndicated programming on KNIN includes Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory among others.
In August 1980, he released the album Changing Tides on CBS's Bang Records, but the album failed to achieve chart success.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KFOX-TV include Family Feud, The People's Court, The Big Bang Theory and Modern Family among others.
Zhou's father, Zhou Bo, was one of the key generals for Liu Bang during the Chu-Han Contention who would continue to play important roles in government and who was instrumental in the ascension to the throne by Emperor Jing's father Emperor Wen.
He was also referenced in The Big Bang Theory Season 7 Episode 18: The Mommy Observation where Sherlock Holmes is referred to as "English Byomkesh Bakshi".
The play, written by Australian journalist and writer Bang Xiao, reformed the storyline with contemporary views, and was delivered in Chinese mandarin with live subtitles in English and Chinese.
The review found that the "one-damn-thing-after-another progression straggles on a reel too long, delaying the inevitable and pleasing volcanic eruption finale with a hostage-taking psychopath who only pops in to drag things out until the big bang."
5 truck started out in 2004 at Bang!
After Han Xin conquered Wei, Wei Bao and his entire family were brought in front of Liu Bang to await execution.
Wei Bao begged for mercy, but the emperor was unreceptive until he offered Lady Bo as a gift to Liu Bang.
 The Dancing Universe: From Creation Myths to the Big Bang, Plume (November 1, 1998), 
The production starred Emmy Award winner Jim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory), returning to Broadway after a successful run in the revival of The Normal Heart in the summer of 2011.
April 1 – Starting off with a bang, Japanese star Sadaharu Oh hits a grand slam home run on opening day.
 (2004) - Second Season Flying Nun DVD II (Flying Nun Records) - "Big Bang Theory"
Syndicated programming on the station include The Big Bang Theory, The Doctors, Family Feud, Steve, and Maury, among others.
The first picture features Bushido and Farid Bang.
On their third collaboration album Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 Kollegah and Bang dissed Bushido and several ersguterjunge artists directly.
According to testimony by another member of the group, Rudy Fleming stated, "I'd like to bang on these people right here."
Hence, this value corresponds to an upper limit on the number of physical events that could possibly have occurred in the observable part of the universe since the Big Bang.
Poul Henningsen also had a large influence on the Danish company Bang & Olufsen (B&O).
Astrosmash T-shirts are worn by the characters Cisco Ramon, in the first season of The Flash, and Sheldon Cooper, in various episodes of The Big Bang Theory.
On January 21, 2014, Misfire Records released a cover version of the song featuring acclaimed musicians (Jim James of My Morning Jacket, John Roderick of The Long Winters, and Tim Harrington of Les Savy Fav), comedians (Tom Scharpling of The Best Show on WFMU, Scott Aukerman of Comedy Bang!
Bang!, David Wain of The State and Stella, Kyle Kinane, and Dave Hill), and other notables (wrestler Colt Cabana and internet cat celebrity Lil Bub).
Syndicated programs broadcast by KLRT-TV  include The Kelly Clarkson Show, Maury, The Wendy Williams Show, Tamron Hall, Family Feud, TMZ, Two and a Half Men, Young Sheldon and The Big Bang Theory.
The company was split again in 2003, becoming Hino Motors Manufacturing (Thailand) Ltd. and Hino Motors Sales (Thailand) Ltd. A third plant was opened the following year, at Amatanakorn industrial park in Bang Pakong District (a vehicle assembly plant).
He also had a recurring role on The Big Bang Theory as geologist Bert Kibbler.
From 2013 to 2019, Posehn portrayed the recurring character Bert on The Big Bang Theory.
 Wan Bang City Garden
National programming blocks began on August 11, 2018, with the launch of Dyis Is It and MOR Presents with David Bang.
Kiss Bang Love (2016)
Moriarty was the grandfather of actor and former Law & Order star Michael Moriarty, who also played pitcher Henry Wiggen in the 1973 baseball movie Bang the Drum Slowly.
The Broad Institute also supports the Data Visualization Initiative led by the Institute creative director Bang Wong, which is aimed at developing data visualizations to explore and communicate research findings.
The cabin crew reported to the captain that there had been a bang from the aft service door, and that there was a hand-sized hole in the door's seal.
 Number 1 (Big Bang album), and the title song
 "Number 1", by Big Bang from Number 1
 Flash To Bang Time
Steven Spielberg, one of the genre's most well-known figures aptly called 2001, 'the big bang of science-fiction.'
At the end of the universe, Fawn maintains a base on Pindam through to the singularity, and then causes a second Big Bang, speaking the words, "Let there be."
Toback wrote and directed Exposed in 1983; The Pick-up Artist in 1987; and the documentary The Big Bang in 1989.
A famous phrase that symbolizes this era is "If you bang your head, you will hear the sound of the opening of civilization.
Bang on a Can is perhaps best known for its Marathon Concerts, during which an eclectic mix of pieces are performed in succession over the course of many hours while audience members, who are encouraged to maintain a "jeans-and-tee-shirt informality," are welcome to come and go as they please.
Bang on a Can has commissioned and premiered pieces by composers including Steve Reich, Terry Riley, Michael Nyman, John Adams, Somei Satoh, Iva Bittová, Roberto Carnevale, Ornette Coleman, Donnacha Dennehy and Bun-Ching Lam.
Asphalt Orchestra is Bang on a Can's 12-piece marching band.
An independent project founded in 2009 and produced by Bang on a Can, Found Sound Nation (FSN) engages at-risk youth and underrepresented communities producing original audio and video projects across the globe in economically disparate settings.
The work of FSN emphasizes a mobile, accessible, collaborative way of recording and producing professional quality music, a technique developed by combining the art music traditions of Bang on a Can with traditions of musique concrète, hip hop, and contemporary composition.
In the past, Bang on a Can released recordings on Composers Recordings Inc. (CRI), Sony Classical, Point Music (Universal), and Nonesuch, but now the majority of its recordings are found on its own record label, Cantaloupe Music.
The song was produced by C. Styles & Bang Out.
 Joy Bang as Julie
Bang!, and was written by Per Gessle.
 "Truth" (Chiddy Bang song), from the 2010 album The Swelly Express
Soulspell – The Second Big Bang – 2017
Pickup starred in the short lived sit-com Not with a Bang, broadcast in 1990, and appeared opposite Michael Caine in Jekyll & Hyde the same year.
 ASIA 52 – HUYEN THOAI LE MINH BANG | "Anh Cu Hen," with Cardin, Trish Thuy Trang & Thuy Huong
Originally in Thonburi, the school moved to its present site in Bang Rak District in 1902.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Ban Laem Phetchaburi province, Amphawa, and Bang Khonthi of Samut Songkhram, and Ban Phaeo and Mueang Samut Sakhon of Samut Sakhon province.
Bang Konthi (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Samut Songkhram province.
In 1914 the name was changed from Si Muen (สี่หมื่น) to Bang Konthi.
Bang Nok Khwaek is the centre of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ratchaburi.
Khai Bang Kung is a former river fort, which was of great importance during the late Ayutthaya and Thonburi periods.
The witch summons unseen, winged demons and monsters, that bang and rattle and screech at the windows and door from the outside, trying to enter.
The story opens with a bang and a splash: an underground spring erupts in a geyser that blasts Mandy into the sky.
from their then-upcoming album Bang!
He has been a guest on Spontaneanation with Paul F. Tompkins and Comedy Bang!
After Eat a Mango, the band released several compilation album, but they did not put out another studio album until Bang the Drum in 2009.
After Bang the Drum came the DVD Mango Groove: Live in Concert (2011), but it was not until 2016 that the band released a new studio album: Faces to the Sun, a double album that took more than four years to write, record, and produce.
Mango performed at the Innibos music festival in July 2009, and released their fifth studio album, Bang the Drum, the following September.
This was a comeback tour, as Bang the Drum was the first studio album the band had released since 1995's Eat a Mango.
 Bang the Drum (2009)
Determined to reclaim the title in Dr. Buss' 25th year of ownership, the Lakers brought in free agents Karl Malone and Gary Payton, and started the 2003–04 season with a bang, winning 20 of their first 25 games, during which time Malone became the oldest player to record a triple-double.
In The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon wisecracks in response to Penny's awe over Wolowitz's mechanical robot arm, "At best, it’s a modest leap forward from the basic technology that gave us Country Bear Jamboree"  (Season 4 Episode 01 – The Robotic Manipulation).
They were re-released them in a DVD box it on June 15, 2010, using the original Geneon dubbing (provided by Bang Zoom!
It was bested only by The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which took place at roughly the same time but was longer overall.
Syndicated reruns on WFQX include the sitcoms 2 Broke Girls, Mike & Molly, Two and a Half Men, Mom, Modern Family, and The Big Bang Theory, plus the drama Castle.
It was adapted into a stage musical that ran at the D-Cube Arts Center in 2012, starring Lee Ji-hoon and Jung Sang-yeon as Han Ki-joo, Bang Jin-wi and Oh So-yeon as Kang Tae-young, and Lee Hyun, Jung Woo-soo and Run as Yoon Soo-hyuk.
Michael Gordon (born July 20, 1956) is an American composer and co-founder of the Bang on a Can music collective and festival.
In 2017 Chinese singer Gong Linna premiered Cloud River Mountain, written by the three Bang on a Can composers in addition to Lao Luo.
 "Shopping" (Ryan Bang feat.
The barasts also do not believe that the universe had a beginning and do not adhere to the Big Bang theory.
In modern times, the theory of the Big Bang has been used in support of Christian apologetics.
If they did, the co-host would bang the gong and the next contestant would be introduced.
After the introduction of the family, Danson said that the family came in with a bang and said that they are very different to anyone else on the show.
One of his first television appearances was in the live, televised adaptation of the novel Bang the Drum Slowly (1956), featured on the anthology series The United States Steel Hour opposite Paul Newman and George Peppard.
 Bang the Drum Slowly (1956)Alfred Hitchcock Presents (1957–1958, 2 episodes) The Brothers Karamazov (1958) – SmerdjakovClimax!
Rubin, using the artist's Bang and early Uni albums as a springboard, encouraged Diamond to keep writing material over the course of a year.
Most  in the universe is thought to be formed by cosmic ray nucleosynthesis from cosmic ray spallation in the period between the Big Bang and the formation of the solar system.
The hypothetical effect of the binding of the diproton on Big Bang and stellar nucleosynthesis has been investigated.
Some models suggest that variations in the strong force allowing the existence of a bound diproton would enable the conversion of all primordial hydrogen to helium in the Big Bang, with catastrophic consequences on the development of stars and life.
Boun Bang Fay (ງານບຸນບັ້ງໄຟ)
For example, on the TV series The Big Bang Theory, worn by the character Howard Wolowitz, as well as in Dinner for Schmucks, where the character Therman Murch (played by Zach Galifianakis) wore an orange turtleneck dickey.
The scheduled lineup included Black Sabbath, Joe Cocker, the Allman Brothers, John Mayall, Cheech & Chong, Canned Heat, Fleetwood Mac, Ballin' Jack, Amboy Dukes, Bob Seger, Bang, Ravi Shankar, Albert King, the Doors, Brownsville Station, Mike Quatro, Gentle Giant, Black Oak Arkansas, the Eagles, The Chambers Brothers, Boones Farm, Slade, Birtha, Nazareth, and Delbert & Glenn.
However, the only actual performers included Flash Cadillac & the Continental Kids, Black Oak Arkansas, Ramatam, Mike Quatro, Bang, Cheech & Chong, Foghat, Albert King, Brownsville Station, Santana, Canned Heat, Flash, Ravi Shankar, Rory Gallagher, Lee Michaels and Frosty, Amboy Dukes, Farm, CK Thunder, the Eagles, Birtha, and Gentle Giant.
In 206 BC, the rebel leader Liu Bang successfully invaded Guanzhong and forced the last Qin ruler, Ziying, to surrender the capital Xianyang, ending the Qin dynasty.
Liu Bang entered the capital peacefully, and issued strict orders forbidding his troops from looting and harming the locals.
However, merely four month later, Liu Bang returned with his newly appointed generalissimo Han Xin and reconquered the Guanzhong region, and used it as his base to eventually defeat Xiang Yu in the subsequent civil war.
After establishing the Han dynasty, Liu Bang created a new capital named Chang'an, which is just across the Wei River from the ruined Qin capital Xianyang.
The history of the area is traced to the early third millennium BC during the Hong Bang period.
The theme song was performed by the Canadian band Barenaked Ladies, also known for performing the theme to CBS’ The Big Bang Theory.
Next in Im's string of controversial films was 2005's President's Last Bang, about the night President Park Chung-hee was assassinated by his KCIA Director.
All of Im's films have been controversial, but his film The President's Last Bang, centered on the assassination of Park Chung-hee, has been the most controversial due to its negative portrayal of the Korean president.
 August 17, 2017 - Prairies - Big Bang Fireworks, designed by Dan Roy
Realistically, an experimenter would need more space than just one DOM to the next to distinguish two cascades, so double bang searches are centered at PeV scale energies.
Such searches are underway but have not so far isolated a double bang event from background events.
The Bristol sessions of 1927 have been called the "Big Bang of Country Music," as some music historians have considered them the beginning of the modern country music genre.
In Season 2 of The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon sings a verse.
 "Girlfriend" (Big Bang song)
It was irrigated by Khlong Sam Sen and Khlong Bang Sue, diverted from the Chao Phraya River.
Roads at the junction, did not meet directly, but a small waterway along Phahonyothin Road carrying irrigation water from Khlong Bang Sue crosses Pradiphat Way.
 Not with a Bang (novel, 1965)
Syndicated programs broadcast on KCWE include The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Judge Jerry, Maury and The Steve Wilkos Show, among others.
Chiddy Bang pulled out of the festival due to touring commitments, and were replaced by Hadouken!
When the two lead nuclei slam into each other, matter undergoes a transition to form for a brief instant a droplet of primordial matter, the so-called quark–gluon plasma which is believed to have filled the universe a few microseconds after the Big Bang.
The Big Bang cosmology replaced this model (expanding, finite, and inhomogeneous universe).
During his studies, he concluded that Thomistic metaphysics could not adequately contextualize the discoveries of evolutionary biology and Big Bang physics.
In retirement, Coyne discussed that he did not, and other Christians should not, have problems reconciling his faith in Christ with scientific topics such as the multiverse, Big Bang, stellar nucleosynthesis, solar nebular theory, geological time scale, abiogenesis, symbiogenesis, evolution, extraterrestrial life, neuroscientific and psychological studies of consciousness, and evolutionary psychology.
He was the grandson of Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han Dynasty.
The Milky Way began as one or several small overdensities in the mass distribution in the Universe shortly after the Big Bang.
About 13.5 billion-years-old, 2MASS J18082002-5104378 B is a tiny ultra metal-poor (UMP) star made almost entirely of materials released from the Big Bang, and is possibly one of the first stars.
The chemistry of life may have begun shortly after the Big Bang, 13.8 billion years ago, during a habitable epoch when the Universe was only 10–17 million years old.
Burton presents the history of the world, from Big Bang to her present day, as a theater production.
Bradford was home to the sculpture B of the Bang, built to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Syndicated programming on the station includes Maury, Black-ish, Seinfeld, Modern Family, The Goldbergs, and The Big Bang Theory.
Fairport Convention's studio recording of "Sir B. McKenzie's..." consisted of "Biff, Bang, Crash" (Trad.
He does not exhibit self-control and will blubber, wail and bang his head on the floor when things are not going his way."
John Legend, the singer of "All of Me" was invited to perform as a guest performer at the Bang the World Tour Chengdu concert.
Her 2015 Bang the World Tour was held to commemorate her singing career for a decade.
 Bang the World Tour (2015)
It was called Nui Bang (Even Mount) and renamed Ngu Binh in Gia Long's reign.
After observing that Bang Son resembled a screen, the Nguyễn emperor decided to build up Huế which became known as their "Forbidden Purple City."
Each show customarily ends with all the guests dancing to Robin's recording of a bawdy novelty tune, "Baby, Let Me Bang Your Box".
 "Millionär", a song by Farid Bang
 Edwin Hubble and the Big Bang (Rosen Publishing, 2005)
The Echo Award was heavily criticized worldwide when Farid Bang and Kollegah received the award for best hip hop/urban album in April 2018.
Noah "Xaphoon Jones" Beresin, musician half of hip hop group Chiddy Bang
He fostered a strong kinship and collaboration with Arthur Russell, conducting nearly all of his orchestral recordings (compiled as First Thought Best Thought [Audika Records, 2006]) and participating (as organist and vocalist) in the recording of 24-24 Music (1982; released under the imprimatur of Dinosaur L), a controversial disco-influenced composition that included the underground dance hits "Go Bang!"
He constructed the Madhow Bang in memory of his father, and gave it for the use of poor Hindus, endowing it with nearly 500,000 rupees.
The track, titled "Imagine" was slated to be featured on Busta Rhymes' album The Big Bang.
Busta Rhymes stated in several interviews, before the release of The Big Bang, that the sample for "Imagine" was still trying to be cleared.
Styx covered "Wishing Well" on Big Bang Theory (2005).
Soon it is recognized as the remnant of the very hot radiation from the Big Bang that created the universe 13 billion years ago, see Cosmic microwave background.
The Cosmic Background Explorer satellite produces a detailed map of the background radiation remaining from the Big Bang.
It was also mentioned in The Big Bang Theory.
At 31 years old, Pringle had hit his prime with a bang, and though he would never approach 2,000 yards again, he continued to be an elite back for several years.
 Big Bang – "Last Farewell"
Poul Bang (1905–1967), Danish filmmaker
The Small Bang (novel under the pseudonym of Jack Fenno 1992)
 E (single album), by Big Bang, 2015
Syndicated programming on WRLH includes Maury, The Steve Wilkos Show, Judge Judy, Family Feud, The Big Bang Theory, Funny You Should Ask, America Says, 25 Words or Less, The Wendy Williams Show, and The Doctors, among others.
Their warriors were often employed as mercenaries by other states; they played a role in the defeat of Xiang Yu by Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han), and later served the Han dynasty.
Joy Bang – actress born in Kansas City 
 Big Bang Observer, a follow-up mission to LISA and Inflation Probe, also a gravitational-wave observatory 
 Cosmic neutrino background, a type of particle radiation originating from the big bang
This was the very brief state, right after the Big Bang.
Regime 2 Once universe has expanded enough that the photon+lepton plasma has cooled to the point that Big Bang photons no longer have enough energy for pair production of the lowest mass / energy leptons, the remaining electron-positron pairs annihilate.
Moreover, the fluctuations corresponded to neutrinos of almost exactly the temperature predicted by Big Bang theory ( compared to a prediction of 1.95 K), and exactly three types of neutrino, the same number of neutrino flavours currently predicted by the Standard Model.
According to the opening of the classical novel Fengshen Bang, he is the reincarnation of the first emperor of the Shang dynasty, Tang of Shang.
Just as she tucks herself in inside a wrecked globe of the world left by the Others, hears a loud bang and when she peers out to see, it is the supposedly 'dying' owl, now wearing deadly battle claws, obviously searching for the hidden Ember of Hoole kept in the Palace of Mists.
In 1896 professor Cathrinus Bang replied to Koht's wish to study social history: "Yes, do not go out and become a socialist!"
In the show The Big Bang Theory, when Sheldon Cooper (played by Jim Parsons) invites Professor Proton, Professor Proton is frustrated that nobody takes him seriously in the field of science because of his former role as a children's entertainer.
A series of upgraded regions (indicated by an "Ex" prefix) can only be accessed by playing at a participating PC bang or purchasing a room upgrade from the game's online shop.
During the 1980s, he read widely and began a program to describe human history in the context of very large time scales from cosmology and astronomy, covering the almost fourteen billion years since the Big Bang.
 Big History: The Big Bang, Life on Earth, and the Rise of Humanity The Teaching Company course taught by David Christian
Gordon, Lang, and Wolfe are composers who founded the Bang on a Can music festival in New York City, while Savelson has worked as the festival's music director.
 Bang on a Can
Hitchcock began her music career as a vocalist for Melbourne-based funk band, Bang.
The Big Bang, W.H.
Melissa Rauch, American comedian and TV actress known for The Big Bang Theory; in Marlboro Township, New Jersey
Born: Simon Helberg, American comedian and TV actor best known for The Big Bang Theory; in Los Angeles
Later that afternoon, the garrison's sole female member joined when nurse Anne Margrethe Bang from Trondheim arrived at the fortress bearing a load of medical supplies.
The daughter of a doctor and trained in first aid, Bang stayed in the fortress for the duration of the siege, helping two military doctors care for the sick and wounded.
At the surrender, the garrison at Hegra Fortress consisted of 14 officers, one technical officer, seven sergeants, one officer cadet, six corporals, 161 privates and nurse Anne Margrethe Bang.
In Trondheim, the officers and Anne Margrethe Bang were taken off the train and interned at Trondheim katedralskole secondary school while the NCOs and soldiers continued their journey to Lundamo in Gauldalen valley.
Since the beaming phenomenon was not yet established at the time of the discovery, the media responded by giving GRB 971214 the nickname Big Bang 2.
The network announced a change in the timeslot to 8:30 pm ET/7:30 pm CT, flip-flopping from the summer schedule with The Big Bang Theory.
Born to a Jewish family in Cleveland, Ohio, Berns worked as a go-go dancer in New York City nightclubs before meeting her husband Bert Berns, the songwriter and record producer and founder of Bang Records.
She subsequently re-released material from such Bang Records artists as Van Morrison and Neil Diamond, and discovered Mississippi singer-songwriter Paul Davis.
Berns sold Bang Records to Columbia Records in 1979.
To properly reverse the direction of time, one would have to put the Big Bang and the resulting low-entropy state in the "future".
 Tomoe Udagawa, the drummer for the band 'Afterglow' in BanG Dream!
For broadcast across its English-language networks, Animax has also broadcast English dubs produced by other enterprises, such as Bandai Visual, Ocean Productions, Animaze, Funimation, Bang Zoom!
2011: The Family Guy episode "The Big Bang Theory" follows Stewie and Brian on a quest to stop Bertram from killing Leonardo, which would permanently erase Stewie from the universe.
He went on to explain; "I sat down recently with the boss and we decided it would be much better for Johnny to go out with a bang than to hang around the Square for years, ageing gracefully."
Tang dynasty poet Zhang Jie () wrote a poem (titled 焚书坑, Fen Shu Keng, "Pits for Book-burning") about the policy of destruction by both the Qin dynasty and the rebels (of which Liu Bang and Xiang Yu were the examples cited as they entered the capital city Xianyang one after the other.
 "Vultures", a 2009 song by Insane Clown Posse from Bang!
Fu was introduced by the Talent Bang model agency in order to become a pop star.
She was referred to EMI Hong Kong by the model agency Talent Bang, which subsequently resulted in her joining of Cookies.
Like Tang, she was also referred to EMI Hong Kong by the model agency Talent Bang.
Gruenwald hired comic book novices Ann Nocenti and Brian Postman as writer and penciler for the final four issues, under the theory that their inexperience in the medium would give them a unique perspective and perhaps take the series out with a bang.
Bishop Anton Christian Bang compiled a volume culled from Norwegian black books of charms and other sources, and classified the horse-mending spells under the opening chapter "Odin og Folebenet", strongly suggesting a relationship with the second Merseburg incantation.
Bang here gives a group of 34 spells, mostly recorded in the 18th–19th century though two are assigned to the 17th (c. 1668 and 1670), and 31 of the charms are for treating horses with an injured leg.
The idea that the charms have been Christianized and that the presence of Baldur has been substituted by "The Lord" or Jesus is expressed by Bang in another treatise, crediting communications with Bugge and the work of Grimm in the matter.
With the studio Bang Zoom!
Hoffman would voice high school student Shinobu Maehara in the Love Hina romantic comedy series, and supporting character Ryoko Asakura in Bang Zoom!
After defeating other gang members, Ka-Kui again faces the deaf-mute man, who throws large bang snaps at him.
Ka-Kui is unable to beat him hand-to-hand, but then gains the upper hand with brutally retaliation on the mute man by using his own bang snaps against him, and throwing him off a third story catwalk onto a pile of plastic drums below.
In October 2005 the band toured as the opening act for The Rolling Stones on some A Bigger Bang Tour dates.
On the other hand, the area of galaxies and cosmology is about understanding the development of today's richly structured Universe with its galaxies and stars and its emergence from the simple initial state after the Big Bang.
The effect has been used by composer John Boswell for his Symphony of Science and Symphony of Bang Goes The Theory (a BBC science show) mash-ups.
Bang Chamber 8 split in 1991.
Bang Camaro, Tea Leaf Green, Rod Piazza & the Mighty Flyers, Watermelon Slim & the Workers, Babatundae Lea, Stanton Moore, Entrain, Zydepunks, Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band, The Fabulous Greaseband, Jimmy Sturr & His Orchestra, Enter the Haggis, Scythian, Brother, Shafatullah Khan, Mingo Fishtrap, GrooveLily, The Arrogant Worms, GO!GO!7188 and literally hundreds more performers of countless different genres.
They were members of Grand Wazoo, Sherine left to become a backing vocalist for Jo Jo Zep and then INXS, while Zan became a member of Bang.
 D (single album), by Big Bang, 2015
He received a bang to the head in the Forest game and had to receive stitches at half time, he still completed the full 90 minutes.
Much of the theoretical work in cosmology now involves extensions and refinements to the basic Big Bang model.
In 1931, Lemaître proposed in his "hypothèse de l'atome primitif" (hypothesis of the primeval atom) that the universe began with the "explosion" of the "primeval atom" — what was later called the Big Bang.
One was Lemaître's Big Bang, advocated and developed by George Gamow.
From around 1950 to 1965, the support for these theories was evenly divided, with a slight imbalance arising from the fact that the Big Bang theory could explain both the formation and the observed abundances of hydrogen and helium, whereas the Steady State could explain how they were formed, but not why they should have the observed abundances.
(The key big bang prediction is the black-body spectrum of the CMB, which was not measured with high accuracy until COBE in 1990).
Through the 1970s and 1980s, most cosmologists accepted the Big Bang, but several puzzles remained, including the non-discovery of anisotropies in the CMB, and occasional observations hinting at deviations from a black-body spectrum; thus the theory was not very strongly confirmed.
Huge advances in Big Bang cosmology were made in the 1990s and the early 21st century, as a result of major advances in telescope technology in combination with large amounts of satellite data, such as COBE, the Hubble Space Telescope and WMAP.
Further observations from COBE in 1992 discovered the very small anisotropies of the CMB on large scales, approximately as predicted from Big Bang models with dark matter.
From then on, models of non-standard cosmology without some form of Big Bang became very rare in the mainstream astronomy journals.
This walkway provides further access to restaurants and bars such as: R-Bar, the Big Bang piano bar, Gordon Biersch Brewery Restaurant, Buca di Beppo and the Three Legged Mare.
The Big Bang was, according to the prevailing cosmological theory of the universe's early development, the event that led to the formation of the universe.
Carlson's replacement on lead vocals was Nikki Nelson, who first appeared on 1991's Bing Bang Boom.
The work, which would become the subject of Alpher's PhD dissertation, argued that the Big Bang would create hydrogen, helium and heavier elements in the correct proportions to explain their abundance in the early universe.
While the original theory neglected a number of processes important to the formation of heavy elements, subsequent developments showed that Big Bang nucleosynthesis is consistent with the observed constraints on all primordial elements.
After this, Bethe did work on Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
 2005: Big Bang Romance EP (a/k/a Maki Nomiya Loves M-Flo) (with M-Flo)
2012 The Big Bang Theory
ACT makes high-sensitivity, high-resolution (arcminute angular scales), microwave-wavelength surveys of the sky in order to study the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB), the relic radiation left by the Big Bang process.
These are effectively black-powder fireworks which explode with a loud bang, but have a sufficiently small blast to be thrown at opposing players with reasonable safety (provided they do not attempt to pick them up).
Neighbouring districts are (from north clockwise) Dusit, Pathum Wan, Bang Rak, Samphanthawong, and Phra Nakhon.
Khlong San was called, in chronological order, Amphoe Bang Lamphu Lang (บางลำภูล่าง), Amphoe Buppharam (บุปผาราม), and Amphoe Khlong San (since 1916) when it was part of Thonburi Province.
The multiplex cinema, which is actually in Bang Phlat District, is surrounded by many small shops selling low-cost clothes and other fashion items.
Borommaratchachonnani Road is another main road in the district, the road is also a route to neighboring districts, Taling Chan and Bang Phlat.
The district is served by the Fai Chai and Bang Khun Non Stations of the MRT Metro, whose Blue Line runs above Charan Sanit Wong Road.
The President's Last Bang was restored to its original cut and screened in its entirety from October 13 to October 18, 2006 at the 11th Pusan International Film Festival.
In 2012 he won the Trotter Prize, delivering the Trotter Lecture at Texas A&M University on "Theistic Implications for Big Bang Cosmology."
In terms of comoving distance, the particle horizon is equal to the conformal time that has passed since the Big Bang, times the speed of light.
The phrase Big Bang, used in reference to the sudden deregulation of financial markets, was coined to describe measures, including abolition of fixed commission charges and of the distinction between stockjobbers and stockbrokers on the London Stock Exchange and change from open-outcry to electronic, screen-based trading, effected by British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in 1986.
Big Bang was the result of an agreement in 1983 by the Thatcher government and the London Stock Exchange to settle a wide-ranging antitrust case that had been initiated during the previous government by the Office of Fair Trading against the London Stock Exchange under the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1956.
The effect of Big Bang led to significant changes to the structure of the financial markets in London.
In 2010, Nigel Lawson, Thatcher's Chancellor at the time of Big Bang, appeared on the radio programme Analysis to discuss the banking reform.
Subsequent similar actions, such as the deregulation of the Japanese financial markets circa 1997, have analogously also been tagged with the phrase Big Bang.
 Zack Johnson, in The Big Bang Theory
A normal take-off run was followed by a bang immediately after the aircraft had become airborne.
In 2010, Calix worked with poet Alice Oswald on another commission for Opera North and collaborated for the first time with the ensemble Bang on a Can.
It was renamed Bang Yi Ruea on 11 July 1916 (after the location of the new district office), and finally Thon Buri on 17 April 1939.
The term Bang Phlat meaning 'lost place'.
The main road running through Bang Phlat is Charan Sanit Wong, a road that parallels the Chao Phraya to the west from Thon Buri up to the Rama VII bridge.
There are two Express River Boat stations servicing Bang Phlat, Krung Thon Bridge to the south and Rama VII Bridge to the north.
In addition, There are also 4–5 other floating markets in the district, including Wat Champa Floating Market, which is on the way to Khlong Bang Ramat (คลองบางระมาด).
The New Archie and Sabrina Hour (1977) (divided in midseason into  Sabrina Superwitch and Archie's Bang Shang Lollapalooza Show)
Before discussing "everything from politics to 'possums" they would bang pots and pans.
located on the NH bypass road, bang opposite to Lulu Mall towards Vytilla direction.
In 2008, he appeared in the original pilot for the ABC sitcom Cavemen, as well as in an episode of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Their debut album, Bang Up To Date With The Popinjays, was released in April 1990, and was followed by a live tour in May and June 1990 with One Little Indian label mates Kitchens of Distinction.
The team was named after one of Meshkin's companies, Bang Technology Software.
By lap 15 of the race, both Bang!
Toyota later maintained its agreement until the end of the season which saw Bang!
Blacker wrote off his Bang!
This approach can be dated back to a paper by Gabriele Veneziano that shows how an inflationary cosmological model can be obtained from string theory, thus opening the door to a description of pre-The Big Bang scenarios.
But here there are further terms that can grant compensation of the anomaly also when , and from this cosmological models of a pre-big bang, scenario can be constructed.
After winning the war against the Qin dynasty, Xiang Yu fought against Liu Bang for the control of China.
Her bandmates later said that she made up a beat so solid "you could practically bang your head against it."
This novel and manga are part of the My-HiME Big Bang Project, a plan to release a large amount of products related to My-HiME and My-Otome in Japan in the year 2007.
Penrose has noted that there needs to be a transition from the Riemannian metric (often referred to as "Euclidean" in this context) with imaginary time at the Big Bang to a Lorenzian metric with real time for the evolving Universe.
The final seven tracks are incorporated from an earlier EP, P'tang Yang Kipper Bang Uh!.
Conner's art was featured in "The Perspiration Implementation", the October 19, 2015, episode of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Grand was the son of Torbern Hvide, an officer at the Danish royal court, and of Cæcilie Skjalmsdatter, a sister of Peder Bang, Bishop of Roskilde.
Bang and Cæcilie were also members of the Hvide clan, which came into conflict with the Danish throne through Stig Andersen Hvide's regicide of King Eric V Klipping in 1286.
After hearing a loud bang, the pilots attempted to abort the takeoff, but were unable to stop the plane short of the end of the runway.
The bang was most likely due to air escaping from the left nose tire as it was pulled off its wheel, damaged by the captain's improper use of the nosewheel steering tiller.
In 2013 Aksel Bang, a product of the DAFL, accepted an international scholarship from AFL club Greater Western Sydney giants.
V.S.Mokiy, Transdisciplinary research of the Big Bang potency transformation in regards to Earth and human beings Institute of transdisciplinary technologies, Russia, 2013.
His press and image took further beating in the next two, even more polarizing films: the unforeseen tragedy surrounding The Scarlet Letter, and the incendiary political content of The President's Last Bang.
Bang Tegeun or Tejin (방태근(진) 1901–?
The book begins with a description of the Big Bang, before going through the seven periods of time featured in the series, from the Ordovician to the Pliocene, referred to as the "seven most deadly seas of all time".
He was a prominent figure of the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC), a power struggle for supremacy over China between the Han dynasty's founder, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), and his rival, Xiang Yu.
Once, Liu Bang released the prisoners he was escorting and became an outlaw on Mount Mangdang (in present-day Yongcheng, Henan).
Following the Dazexiang Uprising in 209 BC, the magistrate of Pei County also wanted to rebel as well so he heeded Xiao He and Cao Shen's advice, and sent Fan Kuai to Mount Mangdang to invite Liu Bang and his men back to help him.
However, the magistrate changed his mind later and denied Liu Bang entry into the city.
Liu Bang was then known as "Duke of Pei" and Fan Kuai served as one of his close aides and bodyguards.
Liu Bang escaped from the feast later on the pretext of going to the latrine, with Fan Kuai accompanying him.
After the fall of the Qin dynasty, Xiang Yu divided the former Qin Empire into the Eighteen Kingdoms, appointed Liu Bang as "King of Han" with the lands of Shu as his fiefdom.
Liu Bang seized the lands of the Three Qins and engaged in a long power struggle with Xiang Yu for supremacy over China, historically known as the Chu–Han Contention.
She also had roles in the comedy series The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019), Arrested Development (2003–2006, 2013-2019), Two and a Half Men (2003–2015), Married (2014–2015), and Kidding (2018–2020).
Bang Eun-hee - Ji-na
I stand on a chair and bang a beer bottle for attention and declare: 'I need a chanteuse to coo a tune.
The water flowing between the two bars caused them to flex and bang together generating far more noise than the towing ship above 1 kHz.
All from Parliament:Funkentelechy vs. the Placebo Syndrome (Casablanca 1977): "Funkentelechy"Motor Booty Affair (Casablanca 1978): "Aquaboogie (A Psychoalphadiscobetabioaquadoloop)"Gloryhallastoopid'' (Casablanca 1979): "The Big Bang Theory"
 Tonight (Big Bang EP), or the title song
 "Tonight" (Big Bang song), 2011
In the 2008 NRL season Thaiday was back in form and started the year with a bang, winning back to back man of the match awards in rounds eight and nine to earn himself a starting spot in the 2008 State of Origin series.
It is most widely used in bang snaps.
Syndicated programming on the station includes Divorce Court, The People's Court, The Drew Barrymore Show, Last Man Standing, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
Barthelemy was quite self-aware with regard to his temperament, viewing it as a strength and once remarking that, "People tend to underestimate me because I don't bang my fist on the table and jump up and scream...but I know how to get the job done and that's always been my aim — to get things done.".
Meglia subsequently created Big Bang and The Book of Gabriel, the story of an archangel who lost his immortality and must endure a quest to gain forgiveness from the sin he committed.
Recent shopping developments include Bang and Olufsen, Bose, Escada, Ralph Lauren, Mulberry and underwear and lingerie Agent Provocateur stores.
The group collaborated with label-mates Big Bang for the promotional single "Lollipop", before officially debuting with their first single "Fire".
She was featured on the single "Hello" from Big Bang member G-Dragon's album Heartbreaker, and later released her first solo single, "Kiss", which featured fellow 2NE1 member CL as a rapper.
Park again teamed up with a Big Bang member in 2010, when she made an appearance as the female lead in Taeyang's "I Need A Girl" music video.
The trailer for the film Southland Tales (2006), directed by Richard Kelly, plays on the poem, stating: "This is the way the world ends, not with a whimper but with a bang."
Sator (Kenneth Branagh) says that 'the world will end not with a bang, but a whimper' in reference to his Dead Man's Switch device in Tenet.
In the film Friend of the World (2020), Gore can be heard quoting the poem "So this is the way the world ends, not with a bang but with a-."
Theodore Dalrymple's book, Not With a Bang But A Whimper (2009), takes its title from the last part of the poem.
Tracy Letts's play August: Osage County ends with Johanna quoting, "This is how the world ends, not with a bang but with a whimper" repeatedly.
 In the video game Shadow Man, the final boss, Legion, quotes "this is the way the world ends, Michael, not with a bang but with a whimper" just before giving the final blow to the protagonist in the bad ending.
Not with a bang, but a whimper".
 Not with a Bang was a short-lived British television sitcom produced by LWT for ITV in 1990.
 American television shows: 30 Rock, The Big Bang Theory, Northern Exposure, the title of the finale of Dexter'''s sixth season (in which the protagonist also quotes the titular verse), Dollhouse (on "The Hollow Men" episode), Frasier, Mad Men, and The X-Files (on the "Pusher" episode).
The stories featured were Deep Time, Royal Blood and Big Bang Generation; first two of these feature the Twelfth Doctor and Clara, and the latter marking first New Series Adventure appearance of Bernice Summerfield, alongside the Twelfth Doctor.
It advertised widely on television; flew blimps over football and baseball stadiums; and sponsored the Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang tour, the Super Bowl XXXIX halftime show, and NASCAR drivers.
The player plays as either Liu Bang or Xiang Yu.
Liu Bang has below average stats for Politics and Skills however his Charisma is high and hence it is easy for him to make allies, while Xiang Yu has high personal stats while his Charisma is lower.
For the 2010–11 season, CBS moved the highly rated comedy The Big Bang Theory, which had become the highest-rated sitcom in the United States, to the Thursday 8:00 p.m. slot, and Two and a Half Men to the 8:30 p.m. slot, which earned very strong ratings.
The track "Don't Speak (I Came to Make a Bang!)"
The Kingdom of Champasak comprised the area south of the Xe Bang River as far as Stung Treng together with the areas of the lower Mun and Xi rivers on the Khorat Plateau (now the Isaan area of modern Thailand).
In 2008, their collaboration with rapper Akira The Don was released in US magazine XLR8R called Bang.
 Herman Bang (1857–1912), writer
In The Big Bang Theory episode, "The Tangerine Factor" (May 19, 2008), Leonard's attempt to arrange a date with Penny results in both Penny and Leonard's seeking Sheldon's advice.
 Kunal Nayyar, actor; best known for his role as Raj Koothrappali on the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory
 The inner sleeve notes from Nothing to Fear state: "All the boys bang things: Rumba-phones, original instruments designed and built by Leon Schneiderman."
Syndicated programming on WDBD includes Divorce Court, Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Hot Bench and Judge Mathis among others.
October 1966 – "Painter Man" / "Biff, Bang, Pow"
Estrada, Santiago and Revillame came back with a bang after their suspension a week later.
He also appeared in the season 11 finale of CBS's The Big Bang Theory as Amy's father.
According to this theory the primordial energy released in the Big Bang is attached to material structures of ever increasing complexity, which in their turn decompose and release energy.
The end of history is to arrive when post-humanity will assist the release of all energy in the matter, thereby causing a new cycle by the next BIg Bang event.
An eclectic musician, Yagi has frequently appeared on Japanese TV and has performed at the Moers Jazz, Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville, Archipel, Bang on a Can, Tokyo Summer, Vision, Punkt, Instal, Music Unlimited, Météo-Mulhouse, Born Creative, and Jazztopad Festivals.
Dancevic began the year with a bang in winning the first event that he entered, the Waikoloa Challenger, reaching finals of his next event, the Besançon Challenger, and then the semifinals of the Cherbourg Challenger.
Bang Masters is a compilation album by Van Morrison released by Columbia's Legacy Records imprint in 1991.
Some were later established as new universities; Burapha University (formerly Bang Saen Campus), Naresuan University (formerly Phitsanulok Campus), Mahasarakham University (formerly Mahasarakham Campus) and Thaksin University (formerly Songkhla Campus).
The Bang Khen Campus was closed, moving to the main Prasarnmitr Campus, its former land is now occupied by the Phranakhon Rajabhat University.
 Bang Nhau… Egaux by Stéfan Sao Nélet (France)
In his final book, "Cosmos, Creator and Human Destiny", Hunt supported the Creationist viewpoint and alleged that there were deficiencies in both the Big Bang theory and the theory of evolution.
Forty-eight hours later, the deal was done, bang."
In 2000 they arrived with a bang when they won 16-14 at Keighley Cougars before going on to lose to Dewsbury Rams.
Convention says that 3 minutes after the Big Bang, protons and neutrons began to come together to form the nuclei of simple elements.
There are eons of time before the Big Bang to build the universe from black holes and older multiverses.
In the season 10 Big Bang Theory Comic-Con special, Steve Molaro told a story about how he first met actor Judd Hirsch and was taken aback by his dilated pupil.
 Nomination - Best Music - Bang Jun-seok
 Karan Kapoor interview on Photography Bang!
Zwicky's proposal would come to be termed 'tired light'—a term invented by the major Big Bang proponent Richard Tolman.
The song plays a prominent role in the book and film Bang the Drum Slowly, in which a version of the song is sung by actor Tom Ligon in his role as Piney Woods.
The tune and lyrics of "Streets of Laredo" were used in the 1973 film Bang the Drum Slowly, a sports drama based on Mark Harris's novel of the same name.
Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) - Several verses of this song are sung in the locker room by catcher Piney Woods, played by Tom Ligon.
He is a son of Liu Fei (劉肥), grandson of the Han Dynasty founder Liu Bang.
Drummer Nick Hodgson used to DJ at a club in Leeds called the Cockpit, and he would often drive home past another nightclub called Majestyk's which often had people and police fighting each other, and sometimes drunk clubgoers would even bang on the windows of his car at three in the morning.
The English version of Season 1 was dubbed at the Bang Zoom!
In 2013, Conan O'Brien and Andy Richter stopped by Bang Zoom!
"And a Bang on the Ear" is a song from Scottish-Irish folk rock band the Waterboys, released as the second single from their fourth studio album Fisherman's Blues.
 Mary Jo Bang (B.A., M.A.
It was subsequently included on their later compilations Bang!...
The women would often bang on his hut, demolish it, or plaster it with mud.
The second film, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (also called Nanny McPhee Returns), was released in March 2010.
McGee, Foster and Green were also in the band Biff Bang Pow.
He went on to play in Biff Bang Pow.
In 2008, he guest-starred on NBC's Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and The Big Bang Theory.
Harrison has been on faculty at the Rhode Island School of Design, Manhattan School of Music’s Contemporary Performance Program, and the Bang on a Can Summer Institute at MASS MoCA.
Just Ancient Loops for multi-track cellos with film by Bill Morrison (commissioned by MELA Foundation, premiere: Maya Beiser, Bang on a Can Marathon), 2012
 Ano Bang Meron Ka?!
"Rain Fall Down" is a song from the Rolling Stones' 2005 album, A Bigger Bang.
From the beginning, it is clear that Streisand intends to hit every point squarely on the head and maybe bang it a few extra times for good measure.
Starting from where the boundaries of the districts of Khlong Toei, Pathum Wan and Watthana meet, it runs the entire length of the border between Khlong Toei and Watthana, then passes through Phra Khanong and Bang Na districts.
I had it in my mind that I was going to elbow him, and that was it — bang!".
At the wedding of Mong-ryong's and Chun-hyang's two best friends, Bang Ji-hyuk and Han Dan-hee, Chun-hyang sneaks in to drop off a present, and as she leaves, Byun sees her.
Moon Ji-yoon as Bang Ji-hyuk
Neil Mason along with other members of American Bang formed The Cadillac Three.
In an administrative reform in 1938, Bang Sue was reduced from an amphoe to a tambon (sub-district), becoming part of Dusit district.
Bang Sue became a khet in 1989.
State Railway of Thailand (SRT) trains serve the Bang Sue Junction Railway Station.
Sheldon Cooper, a fictional physicist from the television series The Big Bang Theory, appeared on the cover of a fictional issue of the journal.
King Huai II dispatched two armies: The first, commanded by Song Yi, with Xiang Yu (Xiang Liang's nephew) as his deputy, was to relieve the siege on Handan; the second, led by Liu Bang, would proceed to attack the Qin heartland of Guanzhong.
In the winter of 207 BC, the last Qin emperor Ziying surrendered to Liu Bang in Xianyang, bringing an end to the Qin dynasty.
When Xiang Yu reached Hangu Pass, the eastern gateway to Guanzhong, he saw that Liu Bang had already occupied Guanzhong.
Xiang Yu was displeased as he heard that Liu Bang would become "King of Guanzhong" in accordance with King Huai II's earlier promise.
Prevents an implosion bang.
He said it was his first time to portray self-sacrificing love, and director Bang Eun-jin commended the maturity in his acting when she instructed him "to cry with your heart, not with the face."
Sinking began in the 1880s and the colliery had five shafts with exotic names: Bang Up, Fair Lady, Clarkes, Harrisons and Woodburn.
This scene was recreated in the ninth-season episode "The Big Bang Theory" with Stewie being the one in the banana.
The Cambrian Explosion: Biology’s Big Bang, Stephen C. Meyer, Marcus Ross, Paul Nelson, and Paul Chien
February is off with a bang."
Made and backed by little more than a shoestring budget, it sold well enough to warrant a licensing deal with independent record company Tic Tic Bang.
"Well, that's one way to wind this up with a bang."
Syndicated programming on KKFX includes 25 Words or Less, The Simpsons (which also airs first-run episodes via Fox), Two and a Half Men, Last Man Standing and The Big Bang Theory.
They were awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics for these efforts that supported the Big Bang theory.
In The Big Bang Theory, one of the main characters Sheldon Cooper's field of study in his profession at Caltech is switched from string-theory to dark matter at his request.
The battle at Jingxing Pass was one of several that established Han Xin as a great military commander in Chinese history and eventually decided the Chu-Han contention in favor of Liu Bang.
Matthews appeared twice as Santa Claus in The Big Bang Theory season 6 episode, "The Santa Simulation" and season 8 episode "The Clean Room Infiltration".
He started his martial arts training in 1948 with his grandfather Myung Jung-min (명중민, 1884–1961) who taught him ssireum and later practiced with a teacher named Bang Gi-hwa (방기화).
However, Liu Bang did not officially notify Han Xin.
After that and for two years there was no other likewise event, until famous Argentine artist Eduardo Risso inaugurated the annual convention Crack Bang Boom, which has the same outline and purpose as Leyendas.
Crack Bang Boom resumes Leyendas basic form (an outlet for North and South American comics as well as, fantasy, science fiction, anime and a famous Cosplay contest) and uses its legacy to push forward as the new event which gathers an increasingly big size of attendees every year since its first edition in 2010.
Developed the Big Bang theory.
Rolling Stone called the album "A bang up album.
A Guardian article compared the video to the similar Cillit Bang remix, while Jason Lutz, in an article written for Billboard, compared Porter's mashup to similar viral video works by Mike Relm and The Gregory Brothers.
Georges Lemaître (1894–1966): Roman Catholic priest who was first to propose the Big Bang theory.
Neighbouring districts are (from north clockwise) Bang Pakong, Ban Pho (both Chachoengsao province), Phanat Nikhom, Ban Bueng and Mueang Chonburi.
 Wil Wheaton - Actor: Star Trek The Next Generation; Big Bang Theory
He is known for his numerous appearances on podcasts, including his 200-plus appearances on Comedy Bang!
Tompkins has appeared well over 200 times as a guest, and occasionally as a guest host, on Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Tompkins has appeared on the podcasts of other fellow comedians such as WTF with Marc Maron, Jimmy Pardo's Never Not Funny, Jessica Chaffin and Jamie Denbo's Ronna and Beverly podcast, and the Superego podcast with Jeremy Carter, Matt Gourley, and Mark McConville.
Despite every disadvantage, including one star player (Landesberg) leaving because of academic struggles and another (Mike Scott) going down with an early-season injury and taking a medical redshirt, the Cavaliers started the season with a bang by knocking off No.
'Pacific Standard Time: LA/LA' Begins With a Bang at Getty Center Celebration, The Hollywood Reporter, September 17, 2017
On 14 November 1938 the district's name was changed from Bang Pla Soi (บางปลาสร้อย) to Mueang Chonburi .
 Chon Buri (Thai: ) consisting of the complete subdistrict Bang Pla Soi, Makham Yong, Ban Khot.
The three highest peaks of this reserve are the Khao Prathiu (384 m), Khao Bang Pae (388 m) and Khao Phara (422 m).
Credits adapted from the Go Bang!
Lady & Bird is the eponymous debut studio album from a collaboration between the singer/songwriter Keren Ann and Barði Jóhannson, the lead singer of the Icelandic band Bang Gang.
1995 "Tossing And Turning", as Chakka Boom Bang
 Martin Olson – Writer ("Spawn of Santa", "Phil Feel Smart", "Family Plot", "Night of the Living Fred: A Zombie is Born" [co-written by Mike Peters], "Phil's Brain", "Night of the Living Fred: Jurassic Putt", and "Night of the Living Fred: Bang!")
Bernhard Lauritz Frederik Bang (7 June 1848 – 22 June 1932), was a Danish veterinarian.
Bang began to work at Almindelig hospital and Copenhagen Municipal Hospital while in the same time briefly practicing as a physician in Nørrebro.
Bang seemed to have abandoned the idea of pursuing a career in veterinary sciences, but after professor Harald Viggo Stockfleth's death, he was encouraged by director C.E.
Bang was a veterinary adviser to the Danish government.
In the former grounds of the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, now the University of Copenhagen's North Campus, stands a bust of Bernhard Bang.
The official version of its name is linked to a Han general, Zhang Liang, who resettled in the area after a suspicious Liu Bang, the Han emperor, started to persecute his staffs and generals who had contributed to his becoming emperor.
Afrikaans - Die seun wat bang was
Penrose associates the initial low entropy content of the universe or the past hypothesis with the effective vanishing of the Weyl curvature tensor of the cosmological gravitational field near the Big Bang.
Bolland as Space Opera (eventually releasing four singles for R&S Records) and also recorded the first single for Fragile ("Why Don't You Answer" as himself) before meeting McBean, a top DJ who had worked with Keith Franklin of Bang the Party as the DJ team KCC.
On June 23, 2008, the semi-original Zasu Pitts Memorial Orchestra lineup reformed for the first time in nearly 23 years for a one- off concert at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco to benefit original Zasu Pitts/Big Bang Beat saxophonist Morey Goldstein who had recently been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor.
Syndicated programming on WSYM-TV includes The Big Bang Theory, Judge Judy, Hot Bench, Modern Family, and Last Man Standing among others.
The Dons started the 2008 league campaign with a bang, winning three from three with 56–0, 54–12 and 36–18 wins.
Stephen Hunter of The Washington Post felt that the film "is technically superb and quite enjoyable as long as you don't bang your head against the plot, which will cause hot flashes, premature aging and fallen arches".
On May 30, 2018, reports confirmed Yeo Jin-goo and Girl's Day Bang Min-ah as leads while Hong Jong-hyun is still in talks.
The music varies widely, from the sleazy bounce of "Electric Barbarella" and the dissonant "Big Bang Generation", to the bitter austerity of "Silva Halo" and the simple acoustic sweetness of "Michael You've Got a Lot to Answer For", concluding with the self-deprecating swagger of "Undergoing Treatment".
U-550s engineering officer later said, "We waited for your ship to leave; soon we could hear nothing so we thought the escort vessels had gone; but as soon as we started to move – bang!"
The Rolling Stones have performed "Tumbling Dice" during multiple tours, including the 1972 North American Tour, European Tour 1973, The Rolling Stones American Tour 1981, Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle Tour, Voodoo Lounge Tour, No Security Tour, Licks Tour and A Bigger Bang Tour.
 The Big Bang Theory – Doctor, Man (voice), Las Vegas Wedding Chapel Minister
Engineer Mark Howard also vividly remembers the recording session: "Malcolm [Burn] just jumped on the keyboards and started playing these crickets, and it made it really haunting, and y'know, we did a couple of takes and, bang, that was that: masterpiece done.
Susan aka Gretchen tells him the plan Bang and Burn is in effect, which both dismissed as suicide until Pad Man says it is the only option after Michael failed to take James out of Sona.
The K-Pop stars Big Bang who performed their hit songs "Hands up" and "Fantastic Baby" wrapped up the closing ceremony, while Sistar performed during the pre-show concert.
In 1407, the fall of Da Bang fortress, and the defeats of the Hồ at Moc Pham Giang and Ham Tu all precipitated the fall of the Hồ dynasty.
 Yoochun Park, ex-member of South Korean pop groups Dong Bang Shin Ki and JYJ.
The song features vocals from Chiddy, one half of the American hip-hop duo Chiddy Bang and was released in the United Kingdom on 13 February 2011; where it debuted at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart and number 50 on the Irish Singles Chart.
Melissa Rauch (born 1980), actress who appears in The Big Bang Theory.
Theism, Atheism and Big Bang Cosmology.
He remembers hearing a loud bang in his headphones and looking up to the Copa Lounge stage seeing the podium turned over and Barry signaling him to cut the mikes.
 "Online Pharmacy" on Shake (VA), 2004, Biff Bang Pow
On April 3, Richards earned the number five spot in the Pick 6 series by defeating Kenny King at The Big Bang!
At the following pay-per-view, The Big Bang!, Generico and Cabana defeated Steen and Corino via disqualification when Steen used a chair on his former partner.
Festival appearances have included Bang Face, Sónar Tokyo, Sacrum Profanum and Taico Club.
Thus in the legend around the jiaolong  hovering above the mother giving birth to a future emperor i.e., Liu Bang, the founding emperor of Han, r. 202-195 BCE  (Sima Qian, Records of the Grand Historian), the alternative conjectural interpretation is that it was a pair of mating dragons.
The composer-led ensemble became a new model which was to be highly influential on the creation of groups such as Bang on a Can.
The album was first released in Belgium on the indie label Bang!
Caitlin Tiffany Glass (born November 16, 1981) is an American voice actress, ADR director, and script writer at Funimation, New Generation Pictures and Bang Zoom!
Marc Diraison is an American voice actor, ADR director, and script writer who has worked for Bang Zoom!
Portrayed by Bang Hoon in the 1983 MBC TV series The King of Chudong Palace.
The WildC.A.T.s defeat Epoch, who had spent the week planning strategems to defeat the JLA and was thus caught totally off-guard by the new team, and he is transported to the beginning of time where he is caught in the explosion of the Big Bang.
Bang Kho Laem was formerly a part of amphoe Ban Thawai in Phra Pradaeng Province.
It became a separate district on 9 November 1989, called Bang Kho Laem.
Hugo would regularly bang his head against the walls of the tank.
Preon stars could originate from supernova explosions or the Big Bang.
Just like how "Flyer's" car is modeled like a fighter jet, "Tanker's" car resembles a tank, which he uses to batter and bang up any other cars who dare to get in his way.
 The Bang (2006-2008) - sit-com of Saturday Night Live from Milano (Italia 1)
 The Bang (Italia 1, 2006-2008)
September 24 – The Big Bang Theory
Thung Khru has two sub-districts (khwaeng), Bang Mot and Thung Khru.
Although Buddhist temples in Thung Khru are not remarkable, with the possible exceptions of Wat Thung Khru, Wat Phutthabucha and Wat Bang Mot.
The Bang Mot tangerine is grown in the area.
Principal photography started in the fall of 2012 with an extensive cast that included Carmen Maura, Macarena Gómez, Hugo Silva, Mario Casas, Carolina Bang, Terele Pávez and Pepón Nieto, and some cameos by Santiago Segura and Carlos Areces.
In 2009, producer Carolina Bang and Álex de la Iglesia established production powerhouse Pokeepsie Films (www.pokeepsiefilms.com).
This one is a parody of science fiction series starring Antonio Gil, Carolina Bang and Carlos Areces, among others.
Chom Thong was part of Bang Khun Thien District until an announcement on 9 November 1989.
The district, together with Thung Khru, is well known for its tangerines, the Bang Mot tangerine.
 Fred Tatasciore as Bang, a blue male zen and funny StoryBot
However, while its predecessor Ask the StoryBots follows Beep, Bing, Bang, Boop and Bo as they answer a child's single question (like "why is the sky blue?
1910, Ph.D. 1917) – astronomer who found the first evidence for the Big Bang theory
A fatsuit is often used to provide comedic effect, as in music videos for "Fat" by "Weird Al" Yankovic, "Marblehead Johnson" by The Bluetones, "Keine Lust" by Rammstein and "Way 2 Sexy" by Drake, and the episode ”The Cooper Extraction” of The Big Bang Theory.
As of August 2015, syndicated programming on WTVW includes Judge Judy, Hot Bench, The Big Bang Theory, Family Feud, and The People's Court.
He continued to go on tour with The Rolling Stones, as of 2006, as part of their record-grossing A Bigger Bang Tour.
 (2005) A Bigger Bang
The Rolling Stones played the arena three times: First on 12 August 2007 during the Bigger Bang Tour, then again on 19 June 2014 as part of the 14 On Fire Tour and on 9 October 2017 during the No Filter Tour.
 Lee Seunghyun, also known as Seungri, Korean singer and dancer, member of boyband Big Bang
Thurston started the 2006 NRL season with a bang in Round 1 against the Brisbane Broncos; Thurston scored a hat trick of tries and kicked 6 goals in the Cowboys Queensland derby match 36–4 win at Suncorp Stadium.
She has appeared in the main cast or regular recurring cast of a variety of television series, including NCIS: Los Angeles and Masters of Sex, as well as Titans,  October Road, Everybody Loves Raymond and The Big Bang Theory.
Scaruffi chaired, among others, the Big Bang conference of June 2008 at UC-Berkeley.
The Big Bang Theory, Penny (Kaley Cuoco)
 Salute (pyrotechnics), a device designed to make a loud bang
Notable performances include Conquered that earned him 2002 Grabby Awards for "Best Group Sex Scene", Gang Bang Café that nominated him for the 2003 GayVN Awards for "Best Performers" and his lead role in Colton for which he won "Gay Performer of the Year" during the 2003 GayVN Awards.
Sy het in die wyk van Mooirivier gewoonNog voor die oorlog het begin.Chorus:O bring my terug na die ou TransvaalDaar waar my Sarie woon:Daar onder in die mielies by die groen doringboom,Daar woon my Sarie Marais!Ek was so bang dat die Kakies my sou vang 
Ek was so bang, dat die Kakies my sou vang
 1885 Battle of Bang Bo
Ryan Bang, comedian, television host, and contestant on Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Clash 2010
The famous songs were "Sayonara Goodbye," "Oh Yes," "In My Heart," "Go Go Go!," and "Ruu Tao Bang Mai."
The Dynamo began the 2012 season with a bang, winning their first two matches away at Chivas USA and the San Jose Earthquakes but they were only able to earn another two points from their next five matches, for a total of eight points.
Ovrut is one of those who pioneered the use of M-theory to explain the Big Bang without the presence of a singularity.
Then on Anamorphic Widescreen DVD in the UK by Lace DVD on 31 January 2011 and on The Big Bang Double Feature Widescreen Ultra HD Blu-ray 2160p HD & 1080p HD Blu-ray in the Australia by Umbrella Entertainment on 20 June 2017.
He started his career with a bang, kicking 3 goals on debut for the Magpies, however, he settled as most first-year players and struggled to play-out in consistent fashion, being dropped mid-season.
GameZone said it offered the "most bang for your buck" on the PS2, considering its late release schedule, calling it a "complex" 2D fighter game.
Bang Wa station is an interchange station connect to Silom Line of the BTS Skytrain.
There is also Khlong Phasi Charoen boat service running along Khlong Phasi Charoen with one of the pier connected with Bang Wa BTS station.
At the following pay-per-view, The Big Bang!, Generico and Cabana defeated Steen and Corino via disqualification, when Steen used a chair on his former partner.
 2000 In the Beginning was the Big Bang?
Its neighbouring districts, clockwise from north, are Thawi Watthana, Taling Chan, Phasi Charoen, Bang Bon, and Nong Khaem district.
From 6 March 1998, Phasi Charoen Sakha 1 district was combined with Lak Song sub-district, formerly part of Nong Khaem District, to form a new district, called Khet Bang Khae.
Together with the creation of the district, the four sub-districts of Bang Khae were reorganised for administrative purposes.
In 1998, the eastern part of Nong Khaem (Lak Song Sub-district) was made part of the newly established district of Khet Bang Khae.
He also worked in film, notably Bang the Drum Slowly.
 Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) – Joe Jaros
of Big Bang for the music show, Show!
Though the Big Bang Blues is more of a blues rock band, Kapil brings in the raw Mississippi sound to the group.
 Thermos Malling – bang (on "2Kindsa Love" and "Sticky")
He also wrote and drew original comics stories reminiscent of 1950s and '60s superhero genres which saw print in Big Bang Comics: two stories were redrawn by other artists, but the final one ("Ladybug," a combination of Fly Girl and Supergirl) featured Gafford's own art, the last to appear in print.
Mounts' art was featured in "The Perspiration Implementation", the October 19, 2015 episode of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Bing Bang Boom is a 1991 album by the American country music band Highway 101.
 "Bing Bang Boom" (Hugh Prestwood) – 2:29
 Bang 2K (Ninja Tune, 2002)
Berrabah was featured on the song "Ordinary Me" by rapper Mr. Bigz on the latter's mixtape The Bigz Bang Theory in late 2012.
He was frequently opposed by a group of older officials who had been early supporters of Liu Bang, the founder of the Han dynasty, and who continued to hold important positions under Emperor Wen.
Journalists were impressed with the performance of the car in relation to the price; Neff added that the "2009 Cobalt SS Turbo is freakishly good at going fast and the best bang for the buck value below $30,000."
I heard this woman singing this, and bang – my head went.
A memorial shrine to Mitr is situated on a small street in Jomtien, off Jomtien Road in front of the Amphoe Bang Lamung Revenue Department, behind Jomtien Palm Beach Hotel.
The band, along with actor Jim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory) performed one chord off their new record, Steel Train, in a short version of the show.
Bang Yong-guk (B.A.P)
"The people in the comics world expect grittiness, a certain amount of violence, certainly a lot of bang for their buck, and it's kind of a surprise that it has been so warmly embraced by the critical establishment," he stated.
He has worked with Lawrence "Butch" Morris, Charles Gayle, Daniel Carter, Cooper-Moore, Steve Swell, Roy Campbell, Jr., Sabir Mateen, Ori Kaplan, Jemeel Moondoc, Assif Tsahar, Borah Bergman, Billy Bang, Andrew Lamb, and Warren Smith.
A few years before Selman became aware of the warning stickers, he learned that the Cobb County School board, upon pressure from creationist parents, had contacted the school's textbook publisher regarding concerns of teaching elementary school students about evolution and the Big Bang.
The publisher left the page numbers on these blank pages, and the index and table of contents still listed evolution and the Big Bang, but the pages concerned were blank.
With the Emperor's sudden death at a young age, his infant heir Bang Co was made emperor- although he was the second son of his father, his older brother Nghi Dân had been officially passed over due to his mother's low social status.
The season started off with a bang, with Sydney FC defeating their rivals Western Sydney Wanderers 4–0 in round 1.
Films based on works by Herman Bang
Juanes replaced the Crazy Frog in the singles chart, and the Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang replaced James Blunt in the album chart.
 Not Just... (CIMP, 2005) - Steve Swell/Dave Taylor Quintet Billy Bang, Tomas Ulrich, Ken Filiano
Numerous popular clubs offer the sing-along format, while Howl at the Moon Piano Bar, Shake Rattle & Roll Dueling Pianos (in New York City) and The Big Bang Dueling Piano Bar feature full performance shows, often with singing and dancing by their wait staff.
Humphreys' book Starlight and Time presents his alternative to the Big Bang in an attempt to solve what young Earth creationists call the Distant Starlight Problem.
Ove Bang (13 September 1895 – 21 May 1942) was a Norwegian architect.
He was the son of Rudolph Wilhelm Bang (1865–1935) and Maggie Caspersen (1869–1901).
Bang completed a formal study of architecture at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim during 1917.
Ove Bang was active in both the National Association of Norwegian Architects and Oslo Architects Association.
Syndicated programming on KIFI-DT2 includes Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, The Doctors, and Dr. Phil among others.
The tone issuing from the giant Bach III comes out predictably not with a bang but a whimper.
Other great names of Norwegian functionalist architecture are Ove Bang, Fridtjof Reppen, Nicolai Beer (1885–1950) and Per Grieg (1897–1962).
The Big Bang Theory (shared with Star World)
Among Bang Bon's famous products are Nam Doc Mai mangos, coconuts, orchids, and lotus.
In 1989, Bang Khun Thian Branch 1 was made a full district called Chom Thong District.
Important temples in the district include Wat Kamphaeng (วัดกำแพง), Wat Kok (วัดกก), Wat Tha Kham (วัดท่าข้าม), Wat Hua Krabue (วัดหัวกระบือ), and Wat Bang Kradi (วัดบางกระดี่).
Bang Kradi in Samae Dam is reputed to be the residence of Thai Mon people.
The districts Khlong Toei, Watthana, Suan Luang, Prawet and Bang Na were all once part of Phra Khanong.
A BTS Skytrain route extension, completed in August 2011, has 2 stations in Phra Khanong district: Bang Chak and Punnawithi.
Bang Na was once a sub-district of Phra Khanong.
The Bang Na station is about 500 m from BITEC.
On top of Bang Na-Trad Highway is the 55 km Buraphawithi Tollway reaching Chonburi province.
In March 2015, Harman acquired the automotive division of Bang & Olufsen for 145 million euros ($156 million) for the unit as well as technology license fees.
The purchase didn't include Bang & Olufsen's consumer-electronics business.
 Bang & Olufsen Automotive – car audio
Ryan Bang (born 1991)
There are four sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambon) − Sam Ko and Bang Nom Kho cover the whole same-named sub-district, Hua Wiang the whole sub-district Hua Wiang and Ban Krathum, and Chao Chet the whole sub-district Chao Sadet and parts of the sub-district Chao Chet and Ban Thaeo.
On camera, Palmer plays Waldo in The Little Rascals Save the Day, Leland in Comedy Bang!
Bang!, and Nate in the Nickelodeon series, The Game Shakers episode "You Bet Your Bunny".
We rounded San Salvador and sailed slap bang into the teeth of a ferocious storm.
Danny then officially confirmed his marriage and child at Danny From LA’s episode with Big Bang.
On April 3, 2010, at The Big Bang!
A Bigger Bang – The Rolling Stones
Serene is a mobile phone produced  as a joint venture between Samsung Electronics and Bang & Olufsen.
It is not the first time that Bang & Olufsen has worked with other companies to produce mobile phones.
Like most Bang & Olufsen products, the phone is industrially simplistic.
He then declared his people independent from Jin and further declared that, as a Han descendant, he would succeed to the Han throne, and therefore claimed the title of the King of Han—deliberately choosing a title that had been previously held by Han Dynasty's founder, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao).
This protocol has nothing to do with power distribution via Ethernet cabling or power over Ethernet (PoE), power line communication, or Bang & Olufsen's PowerLink cable.
It stars Bang Eun-hee, Jo Eun-sook, Park Jin-song, Lee Eung-kyung and Kim Eui-sung.
 Various artists - Fleshtones Present The Big Bang Theory, Time Bomb!
Back underground, rising water covered the air shaft, preventing the miners from tapping on the pipe, though for a time they used a hammer to bang on the rock ceiling, detectable by seismic equipment which was brought in by Federal mining officials.
All of the band's post-reunion releases have received positive reviews from the press, leading the band to go on and play many festivals across Europe - including the Bang Your Head festival and Sweden Rock Festival - but to rarely embark upon full tours.
Chuhehanjie (, or Hong Gou) is a famous place in early Western Han Dynasty where Liu Bang, the creator of Western Han Dynasty, fought for years with his rival, Xiang Yu.
Because none of them could win after years, they decided to use the Chuhehanjie to divide China into two parts, with the eastern part to Xiang Yu and western part to Liu Bang after negotiation.
Liu Bang broke this agreement later when Xiang Yu retreated from Xingyang to rescue the capital of his territory, which was attacked by Han Xin.
Bang Khen became a district in the newly combined province.
Bang Khen was once a very large district, but has been reduced in size after several modifications to district boundaries.
the Thai Army's 11th Infantry Division occupies 3,000 rai (1,185 acres) of land in Bang Khen.
The Bang Khen district council has eight members, who serve four-year terms.
In 1966, the Huay Khwang sub-district and parts of the Bang Kapi sub-district were spun off to form Phaya Thai district.
Bang Kapi thus became a district of the newly combined province, having at that time nine sub-districts.
In 1989, Lat Phrao district and Bueng Kum district were separated from Bang Kapi and became new districts.
The District Council for Bang Kapi has eight members, who each serve four-year terms.
 All in the Family Frasier The Big Bang Theory3 wins
 30 Rock Barney Miller Black-ish The Big Bang Theory Roseanne6 nominations
 30 Rock The Big Bang Theory Cybill I Love Lucy3 nominations
Noteworthy modern jazz violinists who joined the scene between 1960 and 1990 and usually played in an avant-garde vein include Didier Lockwood, Leroy Jenkins, Billy Bang, Malcolm Goldstein, Michael White, John Blake, Jr., and Florin Niculescu.
Nevertheless, JBD theories are used to explain inflation (for massless scalar fields then it is spoken of the inflation field) after the Big Bang as well as the quintessence.
The books were later adapted for the films Nanny McPhee (2005) and Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010).
The sequel Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010) is loosely based on the trilogy of Nurse Matilda books.
Rapidly realizing that Warworld could not be destroyed without releasing Imperiex and triggering another Big Bang, Superman and the Martian Manhunter formed a brief telepathic link with the remaining major combatants — including Darkseid, Lex Luthor, Steel and Wonder Woman — to explain their new plan.
Seiya draws his superhuman powers from the Cosmos, the energy of the Big Bang that lingers inside each being and which connects a Saint to his constellation and Cloth.
The pair designed Bang Khun Phrom Palace (1906), Ananta Samakhom Throne Hall in the Royal Plaza (1907–1915) and Suan Kularb Residential Hall and Throne Hall in Dusit Garden, among other buildings.
It was transferred to Bang Khen district and promoted to subdistrict (tambon) in 1940.
In addition to Fox network programming, KARD airs syndicated programs such as The Steve Wilkos Show, The Drew Barrymore Show, Hot Bench, The People's Court, Judge Mathis, The Wendy Williams Show, The Big Bang Theory, Family Feud, and Two and a Half Men, among others.
Georges Lemaître, (1894–1933) astronomer, creator of the Big Bang Theory.
In 1999 Scheffer made Music for Airports, a video on Brian Eno's music of the same name as arranged by Bang on a Can founders Julia Wolfe, Michael Gordon, David Lang and Evan Ziporyn.
(director/producer): Experimental 'Ambient' video on 'Music for Airports' composed by Brian Eno and arranged by Julia Wolfe, Michael Gordon, David Lang and Evan Ziporyn, performed by The Bang On A Can All-Stars.
ICT teacher Phil Meredith was highlighted at the Professional Teaching Awards Cymru, and the school has seen wide success in STEM education, with a young student in 2019 winning an award at the GlaxoSmithKline Big Bang UK Young Scientists and Engineers Fair in Birmingham.
As Denham remarked, "Some big hard-boiled egg gets a look at a pretty face and bang - he cracks up and goes sappy."
Why didn't you bang the sides of the tank?
Other standard features include a Bang & Olufsen 16-speaker sound system with two tweeters that rise from the dashboard on activation of the system.
 "Last Dance" (Big Bang song), 2016
The term powerhead refers to the firearm-like part of the device; when attached to a shaft to form a spear, it may be referred to as a bang stick or shark stick.
The New York Times reported "Judy Kaye replaced Madeline Kahn...and bang, boom, overnight she is a star."
It is [Gene] Kelly who saves the picture from being merely a parade of personalities - Judy Garland is attractive as she gets Iturbi to bang out some swing rhythms on the piano.
 the critical temperature is expected to be given by the QCD scale, which is of order 100 MeV, or 1012 kelvins, the temperature of the universe a few minutes after the Big Bang, so quark matter that we may currently observe in compact stars or other natural settings will be below this temperature.
Zhang Bin was studious in his youth, and once, comparing himself to the great strategist Zhang Liang, said, "I believe my intelligence and judgment to be no less than Zhang Liang's, but I have not met Gaozu (Liu Bang, the founder of Han Dynasty)."
 Underwater Memory Crane Maniac Go Bang Jewel Master 2 Smashing Ladybugs Submarine Slot Machine (casino game)
Gould reported that the family would "arrive in Albert Square with a bang and [...] cause friction from the off", expanding: "The Fox girls don't take any nonsense – they'll be a force to be reckoned with."
Stipe became the lead singer of Hetch Hetchy under the name Lynda L. Limner; she went on to play in Flash to Bang Time.
Exciter participated in a number of European summer festivals in 2005, including the Tradate Iron Fest in Tradate, Italy, Bang Your Head!!!
"Everybody Needs a Hero" is a cover of a song by Keri Kelli's previous band Big Bang Babies.
 "Everybody Needs a Hero"  (Big Bang Babies cover)
 Bang Eun-jin as Song-hee, the woman in apartment 301.
Lrrr's line, "One of these days, Ndnd – bang, zoom, straight to the third moon of Omicron Persei 8!
Finally, there is a crescendo of pianola, a flurry of percussion and a bang to mark the real ending.
A recording of Arjuna’s Dilemma, performed by artists including Indian singer Amit Chatterjee, members of Anonymous 4 and the Philip Glass Ensemble, tenor Tony Boutté, Badal Roy, Ethel, pianist Kathleen Supové, and bassist Robert Black of the Bang on a Can All Stars, was released on Innova Recordings.
We were just having a laugh, and bang, there it was.
That opportunity has come and it is the perfect time to send Max Branning out with a bang that will send ripples through the Square for the rest of the year until Jake returns."
"The Bing Bang Blues" by Delbert Casada (2000)
Cuneta top billed three blockbuster melodramas in 1984: Sa Hirap at Ginhawa, Bukas, Luluhod And Mga Tala, and Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin Ragudo?
I Love You (1981) and Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
Saaya Yamabuki (山吹 沙綾), a character in the series BanG Dream!
This maneuver gave rise to the toughest battle of the operation, the March 19 Battle of Ap Bau Bang II, where the VC 273rd Regiment put into difficulties the American armored cavalry, before being forced to retire by a huge amount of firepower.
V/A - More Bang for Your Buck IV - Asbestos Records 2007 "My Response To An Article In Alternative Press"
Big Bang Pro-Wrestling
The band Chameleon Circuit produces music exclusively relating to Doctor Who, and in addition to general fandom songs, has episode-specific songs like 'Kiss the Girl' and 'The Big Bang 2'.
In an episode of "The Big Bang Theory" (S10E10, "The Property Division Collision"), Sheldon rents his share of the apartment to an Ignatowski-like character, played by Lloyd, for $1 a day, prompting the new tenant to exclaim "It's like the forties again!"
Show, Reno 911!, and Comedy Bang!
He made frequent appearances on HBO's The Life and Times of Tim, Adult Swim's Delocated, and IFC's Comedy Bang!
Daly has made a number of appearances on podcasts such as Comedy Bang!
He currently hosts Bonanas for Bonanza on Comedy Bang!
Biff Bang Pow!, Alan McGee's band
Alan McGee, founder of Creation Records; former member of The Revolving Paint Dream and Biff Bang Pow!
Born in the village of Bang Sapan, Prachuap Khiri Khan, Phayao Poontarat came from a poor family.
The estimates by Peter Temin, Angus Maddison, Branko Milanović and Peter Fibiger Bang follow the basic method established by Goldsmith, varying mainly only in their set of initial numbers; these are then stepped up to estimations of the expenditure checked by those on the income side.
"Coochie Bang..." (featuring Treach) – 3:46
 The Big Bang (2002–2003) – Presenter
In 201BC, the founder of the Han dynasty Liu Bang (posthumously known as Emperor Gaozu or the "High Ancestor") moved Han Xin from his fief around Yuzhou in Henan to Mayi, where he was attacked by the Xiongnu.
The Big Bang Theory – In the first two episodes of the series a cross-dresser is described as having occupied Apartment 4B prior to Penny.
The village of Bang Rachan (, ) was in the north of Ayutthaya, the old capital of Siam, the predecessor state of modern Thailand.
Today their village is located in Khai Bang Rachan District of Sing Buri Province.
According to Thai tradition, the Burmese northern invasion army led by General Ne Myo Thihapate was held up for five months at Bang Rachan.
After their tactics and strategies were eventually predicted by the remaining Burmese soldiers at their camps, they retreated to Bang Rachan, where most of the population of the villages of Mueang Wiset Chaichan, Mueang Sing, and Mueang San had fled.
Bang Rachan is described as being ideally a defensible village.
In addition to its ideal position and its swelling numbers of warriors, Bang Rachan had at this point approximately 400 warriors.
News of their victory spread quickly across the country and resulted in more people coming out of hiding to join the resistance movement, swelling the number of reinforcements for Bang Rachan to 1,000 warriors.
The Burmese leaders, being aware that their forces were facing heavy resistance from Bang Rachan, had requested reinforcements before sending another force to raid against the village but again, the leaders underestimated the warriors capability, as a second 500-strong Burmese force was routed the second time.
Seeing this unfold for Bang Rachan’s advantage, the warriors quickly ambushed the resting Burmese soldiers who were surprised by the unexpected attack and were eventually defeated with most of the soldiers barely escaping.
While victorious again for Bang Rachan, the leader Nai Ten, was shot in the knee during the ambush, an event which had grave consequences for the village.
The fortunes for Bang Rachan remained positive under Nai Chan Nuad Keao, whose selection as the new leader, increased the number of warriors and achieve even greater levels of organisation for their forces.
Bang Rachan's reputation around the country grew to such an extent that the Burmese soldiers came to fear them even more after the numerous unsuccessful raids and the Burmese leaders having trouble recruiting soldiers to attack the village.
Eventually, after seven battles and seven defeats for the Burmese forces, an eighth force, under a Mon commander who had lived in Siam in order to follow their ways and learn about them whilst a spy, volunteered to take an army and to finally ensure the defeat of Bang Rachan once and for all.
He did not underestimate Bang Rachan unlike the other commanders but instead, he adjusted his tactics and strategies to disadvantage them.
At one stage, one of the leaders, Nai Thong Min, who was drunk at that time, was furious to see cannons being fired towards them, mounted a water buffalo and tried to attack the Burmese forts with a small force in what remains one of the most iconic folktales and legends of Bang Rachan.
This was the first defeat for Bang Rachan by the Burmese army.
With the villagers morale down after losing one of their leaders Nai Thong Min and all the havoc caused within the village, Bang Rachan pleaded for help to Ayutthaya.
They had refused their request but one man, Phraya Rattanathibet, was instead sent to help Bang Rachan forge their own weapons and cannons.
The village of Bang Rachan will always been remembered by the people of Thailand for their bravery, heroism and devotion in fighting and protecting their motherland that was once fought and protected by their ancestors in order for their kids and future generations to have a place to live and call home.
Their stories, their names and their sacrifices will always be the most respected by the Thais and that their love for the country will always reflect on the village of Bang Rachan.
The battle monument is 13 kilometres southwest of the town on Route 3032 in Khai Bang Rachan District.
Soon after, practically overlapping The Deadlines break up, most of the members (minus Waldie) started a new project called The Bang!, which had a sound similar to The Deadlines' work in Fashion Over Function but with a more raw rock and roll sound.
The Korea Herald has thus far published eight books under this series: Insight into Korea, Social Change in Korea, Political Change in Korea, A New National Strategy for Korea, Korean Wave, Big Bang in Capital Market, Financial Industry at a Crossroads and Insight into Dokdo.
 The President's Last Bang (2005)
Adapted from Bang Hak-gi's manhwa Damo Nam-soon and with an expensive budget of  per episode, Damo took more than a year to complete.
However the show was put up against The Big Bang Theory and the Australian Open.
Syndicated programming on WVNS-DT2 includes 2 Broke Girls, The Big Bang Theory, and Judge Judy, among others.
It was the directorial and writing debut of actress-director Bang Eun-jin.
Building on the success of Captain Billy's Whiz Bang magazine, Fawcett Publishing, based in Robbinsdale, Minnesota published the first issue of True Confessions in August 1922.
Yuan Nang (ヤンニャン): A strong-willed and courageous woman whose character design is highly influenced by that of Sun Wukong from the Chinese classical story Journey to the West, including a cloud-somersault parody, Ruyi Jingu Bang, and the size-changing headband that was used by the monk Tang Sanzang.
Syndicated programming on WBOY-DT2 includes The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Funny You Should Ask, Comics Unleashed, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
In 2001, he performed on "The Bang on a Can Marathon Music" at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York City.
In February 2002, he appeared at the Lincoln Center with the Bang on a Can All-Stars.
His CD, Bang on a Can Meets Kyaw Kyaw Naing, with special guest Todd Reynolds (formerly of ETHEL), is steeped in the Burmese tradition.
Evan Ziporyn from Bang on a Can All-Stars invited him to a workshop at MIT.
"More Bang, Less Buck.
Steve Danno-Lorkin at I-94 Bar website felt it was "a big move forward with the times, more traditional in the song structuring and the lyric topics"; whereas a second reviewer, The Barman, described the same album, "starts with a bang ... before slowing to a plod ... the music drags rather than seizes the moment".
The song was featured in an episode of The Big Bang Theory (Season 3, Episode 3), in which Penny is shown dancing to and singing along in an opening scene.
Professor Soft theorized that the experiment would replicate the Big Bang and opened a wormhole to a microscopic universe and that this wormhole would close shortly after it was created, leaving the new universe attached to reality.
The following year the new album Live from Mars was released and the project Napoli Trip begins: Bollani pays tribute to Neapolitan music accompanied by Daniele Sepe, Nico Gori, Manu Katché and Jan Bang, and alongside Arye Henriksen, Audun Klive and Hamilton de Holanda.
Picha's next film was 1987's The Big Bang.
His Wales international teammate John Charles commented on his playing style, stating that "He used to bang everybody and knock them out of the way, he was never frightened" but also described him as a wonderful person.
The television show The Big Bang Theory uses a Rutherford atom as its logo.
Never, not even in the Bay of Pigs, was his capacity for detached misjudgment more disastrous than in his management of Operation Sunrise, as the Wolff negotiations were called...He wanted to go out with a bang.
The Sixteenth Annual SF Sketchfest (Jan 12-29, 2017) honored six different acts with Tributes – Comedy Bang!
Syndicated programs broadcast on KMSS  include The Real, The People's Court,The Doctors, Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
The main characters from the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, especially Sheldon Cooper, make various references to and are huge fans of Star Trek, with Sheldon even citing Starfleet regulations during an argument in one episode and the main characters dressing up as Data, Worf, Captain Picard and a Borg drone, respectively, in another.
As the new year of 1970 began, what Dr. Sara McIntyre Gantry was experiencing at her husband Lee Gantry's farmhouse would start out the new decade with a bang, literally.
Many were created during the Big Bang, and others are generated by nuclear reactions inside stars, planets, and by other interstellar processes.
The district was established on 21 November 1997 (announced 14 October 1997) occupying Wang Thonglang and part of Khlong Chan sub-district of Bang Kapi and part of Lat Phrao sub-district of Lat Phrao district.
In 1947 when the area was still rural, the farming community of Bang Chan was chosen as a centre for Thai studies.
Kip Mu (กีบหมู, "pig's hoof") is a neighbourhood in Bang Chan sub-district that is widely known as "labour market", owing it is a gathering place for day labours.
Its sequel detailed history from the Big Bang to the Birth of Christ.
His two best friends are Big Bang and Horace.
Big Bang is more of a kid scientist, who is always creating new gadgets for Kid to try out.
Daniel Brochu as Big Bang
Bang and colleagues demonstrated that nebulin-knockout mice die postnatally, have reduced thin filament length, and impaired contractile function.
In the right front corner room of the palace, which opens to the outside, is a collection of the palace's most prized art, including the Phra Bang, cast of a gold, silver and bronze alloy.
Since then, first WD-branded products left HGST's plant at 304 Industrial Park in Prachinburi Province, Thailand; in reverse, certain HGST-branded products became produced at Western Digital's plants in Bang Pa-in District, Ayutthaya Province, Thailand and Penang, Malaysia.
In 2016, he came back to the TV industry with a bang by participating in a reality show called POWER COUPLE on Sony TV and then also featured in a lead role as the mighty SURYA DEV in the super hit TV mythological series called KARAMPHALDATA SHANI for COLORS CHANNEL in 2017 which carried on for two years 
For a number of years, it also served as the course for the Big Bang Mountain Bike Race, a benefit event for the Independence Day events in Freetown.
 "Arabesque", by Cheap Trick from Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello, 2016
She is best known for playing Zoe Graystone in the science fiction television series Caprica and Claire in The Big Bang Theory.
In 2016, she made several appearances on The Big Bang Theory, playing the role of bartender and aspiring screenwriter Claire.
Deutsch gained notoriety in late 2005 and early 2006, when it was reported that he had instructed a NASA website designer to add the word "theory" after every occurrence of the phrase Big Bang.
The memo also noted that the AP Stylebook calls for the usage of the phrase "Big Bang theory".
Anton Christian Bang (18 September 1840 in Dønna, Helgeland – 29 December 1913) was a Norwegian theologian, historian and politician for the Conservative Party of Norway.
Bang was one of the more prominent figures within the Church of Norway in the decades around 1900.
Bang was a professor of church history (1885) and Bishop of Oslo (1896–1912).
Bang was appointed to the Second cabinet of Emil Stang in 1893.
As a researcher Bang was very productive and his writings cover a wide field.
Bang wrote several major works in his career, including a notable biography on Hans Nielsen Hauge.
Bang, Bugge, and Rydberg: Völuspá and the Sibylline Oracles
Bang was mayor of Drammen in 1872, and represented the town in the Norwegian Parliament from 1877 to 1894.
Fred Spier, The Structure of Big History:  from the Big Bang until Today, Amsterdam University Press, 1996.
Beyond their own records, they produce young bands and musicians of different musical backgrounds, such as experimental rock (B for Bang DimensionX, Dream House, Red Velvet) and traditional music (Mayte Martin, Kalakan).
Syndicated programming on WZDX includes The Big Bang Theory, Dr. Phil, Mike & Molly, and Judge Mathis among others.
The EP was one of the best-selling albums by a female artist in 2008, and was further promoted by the digital single "D.I.S.C.O Part 2" which was a remix version of "D.I.S.C.O" and featured G-Dragon, the leader of Big Bang.
In physical cosmology, cosmological perturbation theory is the theory by which the evolution of structure is understood in the Big Bang model.
It only applies to situations in which the universe is predominantly homogeneous, such as during cosmic inflation and large parts of the Big Bang.
United States appearances include New York City's Bang on a Can Festival, the Lincoln Center Festival, and a performance at Carnegie Hall with the American Composers' Orchestra in Stewart Wallace's The Book of Five.
"Reactor Party" – On The Bang Gang DJs "Light Sound Dance" – Modular Records (July 2007)
Eternal inflation is a hypothetical inflationary universe model, which is itself an outgrowth or extension of the Big Bang theory.
Inflation, or the inflationary universe theory, was originally developed as a way to overcome the few remaining problems with what was otherwise considered a successful theory of cosmology, the Big Bang model.
Diamond was subsequently signed to Bert Berns's Bang Records, and had a number of hits such as "Cherry Cherry" and "Kentucky Woman", all produced by Barry and Greenwich, who also sang backgrounds on many tracks.
The last Furnaceface recording released to date was 2000's Clobbering Time, a compilation CD of songs from their out-of-print pre-Days releases, from two songs from Let It Down released on CD at last to their cover of the Jam's "But I'm Different Now," the B-side of the "Biff, Bang, Pow!"
)", "Slip & Stumble" (shot in the rough waves of various beaches in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico) "Biff, Bang, Pow!"
Montgomery Township's schools were ranked as "the best bang for the buck" (New Jersey Monthly magazine), referring to the high achievement of students with a relatively low spending per pupil (compared to other school districts in New Jersey).
Syndicated programming on WWTI includes The Big Bang Theory, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, and The Doctors among others.
Syndicated programming on KPTH includes Maury, Divorce Court, Hot Bench, Family Feud, and The Big Bang Theory, while syndicated programming seen on KPTH-DT3 includes Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy!
Most galaxies have been moving away ever since the Big Bang, as explained by the metric expansion of space.
Back in the King's chambers, a loud bang is heard.
Wizard played at Wacken Open Air 2002, Bang Your Head!!!
"Chick-A-Boom" (Berns, Morrison) was by the Irish singer Van Morrison in the mid-1960s, and as featured on the Midnight Special collection (and Bang Masters) of early and/or unreleased Van Morrison recordings.
Bang Hyep as Namgung Sung
Another problem lies within the mathematical framework of the Standard Model itself: the Standard Model is inconsistent with that of general relativity, and one or both theories break down under certain conditions, such as spacetime singularities like the Big Bang and black hole event horizons.
Barger and her colleagues' research on the early Universe has informed cosmic stratigraphy, which is  the process of obtaining redshifts of galaxies through deep-field images to chronologize galaxy and star formation since the Big Bang.
His reputation rests on his first memoir Bang to Rights (1958) and his musical play Fings Ain't Wot They Used T'Be (1960), but much of the remainder of his work remains fresh and readable.
Norman's own accounts of how he came to write are at variance with one another, but within a year of his release, he had published in Encounter magazine a 10,000-word extract from his prison memoir, Bang to Rights.
After the success of Bang to Rights Norman wrote a draft of what was to become the musical Fings Ain't Wot They Used T'Be.
His next book The Guntz was a follow-up to Bang to Rights, relating stories from his life as a successful writer.
Bang to Rights (1958)
It was first announced on 13 April 2006 that the character would be joining EastEnders in the coming months, with the revelation made that: "He's going to enter the Square with a bang and will be at the centre of some of the biggest storylines of the year."
Syndicated programs broadcast on KJTL () include Rachael Ray, The Kelly Clarkson Show, Divorce Court, Modern Family, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
Syndicated programming on WMLW-TV includes a daily block of court shows through the morning and afternoon, along with Modern Family, Young Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, Black-ish and Dateline.
The gaoyin koudi is pitched an octave above the xiao di, whereas the zhongyin koudi is pitched an octave above the bang di.
Bang Soo-won pitched the first no-hitter in Korean baseball history in 1984 against the Sammi Superstars.
In 1991, she replaced Paulette Carlson as lead vocalist for the band Highway 101, and their first album together was that year's Bing Bang Boom.
PAHs seem to have been formed as early as a couple of billion years after the Big Bang, are abundant in the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Kate Ward of Bustle connected CBS's decision to revisit the supernatural drama with Cuoco's success as "one of the network's most bankable stars" for her role on the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Wie is bang voor Nederlandse muziek?
Becky guest starred in the July 2010 Psych episode "Not Even Close... Encounters", and as Siri in the January 2012 The Big Bang Theory episode "The Beta Test Initiation".
Unlike their debut, which managed to capture the pop/R&B zeitgeist effortlessly, X is bogged down by dated production, lifeless ballads, and clichéd attempts at hip-hop [...] The band is certainly one of the better pop groups of the early noughties, but instead of going out with a bang, they've gone out with a bit of a damp squib."
For example, it is very possible that there is no past before the Big Bang.
Kaeng Bang Rachan at Tourism Authority of Thailand (reference to freshwater jellyfish in the Wang Thong River in Thailand)
 Cao Bang () in historical Jiaozhi, today in Vietnam
The pilot episode of Not with a Bang begins with a spoof episode of the iconic BBC show Tomorrow's World, (which is also a nod to the opening titles of apocalyptic drama series Survivors) where Judith Hann is presenting a story on how scientists have apparently isolated the hormone that causes aging in humans.
She also sang with Korean band Big Bang on the single "Shouts of Reds", created for the Korean World Cup soccer team.
Mao-chan, as well as Sumomo in Bang Zoom's dub of  Chobits.
In 2007, she and Lex Lang hosted a Voice Actor Boot Camp at Bang Zoom!
Ramona Nowitzki, a character from the sitcom The Big Bang Theory
 1836–1845: Peter Georg Bang
He lists influences including Ice Cube, Adam Ant, Morrissey, Big Bang, Leonard Cohen, David Bowie and the Wu-Tang Clan.
Superboy-Prime escapes Bart and flies toward the planet Oa, intending to destroy it and spark another Big Bang which would recreate the universe with himself as the sole hero.
 "The Start of Something" featured on Bang Crash Boom, Little Teddy Recordings, 2005 (Germany)
Xavier produces records under the pseudonym Francis Xavier on Australian label Motorik!, and is a member of their rotating deejay collective, The Motorik Vibe Council, alongside members of The Lost Valentinos, The Bang Gang Deejays and Dreems, in addition to production credits on a plethora of tracks including Flight Facilities' debut "Crave You".
The Strangeloves' only LP, I Want Candy, was released in 1965 on Bang Records, with several of the album tracks having been released as singles.
All three members of The Strangeloves appeared in interviews in the feature documentary film BANG!
I Want Candy (1965 - Bang Records)
The same year, Inger Gautier Schmit, along with  Nina Bang, Marie Christensen, Marie Hjelmer and Olga Knudsen, were the first women elected to the Landsting.
2008, Schaefer was invited to present a lecture entitled 'The Big Bang, Stephen Hawking and God' at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, during TECHFEST, Asia's largest technology festival.
Willson also appeared on the CBS sitcoms The King of Queens and The Big Bang Theory.
Margaret Elizabeth Philbin OBE (born 23 June 1955) is an English radio and television presenter whose credits include Tomorrow's World, Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and latterly Bang Goes the Theory.
Chinese general Feng Zicai beat back a French attack here at the Battle of Bang Bo in 1885.
beter bang Jan, as dooie Jan – lit.
He began the season with a bang, hitting a grand slam on April 6 against the Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Shaw's 2007 season started off with a bang, with All-Australian form in the opening six rounds, before coaches applied more attention to Rhyce, and brother Heath.
Feng Zicai's troops, stationed on the Chinese right wing around the village of Bang Bo, played an important role in the battle, defeating an assault by the French 111th Line Battalion on a position known as 'the long trench'.
The Chinese had been beaten with ease by the French during the Lang Son Campaign of February 1885, and Chinese sources attest to the poor morale of the Chinese army at Bang Bo.
Feng's defiant words to his troops at Bang Bo are sculpted on a giant stone on Wuzhi Mountain, the highest mountain in Hainan.
Zhennan Pass, site of the Battle of Bang Bo during the Sino-French War, is now named the "Friendship Pass" and is considered the gateway to Vietnam.
Casino Trem: featured on Bang on a Can Field Recordings (2015) Cantaloupe Music
Early Abrahamic genealogists had suggested that this man was Bang, a son of Hind who was the son of Ham (son of Noah).
Ghost Style "Beat Bang Baby", 2011
Bang Na Expressway completed in 2000
 a former name of Bang Radio, a radio station in Harlesden, London
1964: The Higgs boson, an elementary particle implied by the Higgs field, proposed by Peter Higgs (born 1929) and others to explain why fundamental particles (which are theoretically weightless) might have acquired mass after their formation in the Big Bang.
The Big Bang Theory: In the episode "The Bath Item Gift Hypothesis" of season 2, Michael Trucco plays the role of Dr. David Underhill, an experimental physicist and a MacArthur Grant recipient.
Most deuterium was created in the Big Bang or in supernovae, so its uneven distribution throughout the protosolar nebula was effectively "locked in" early in the formation of the Solar System.
 Big Bang Theory (2005) (Cover Album)
Nimoy appeared as himself in "The Spock Resonance", the November 5, 2015, episode of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, in which he interviews Star Trek fan Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) for the documentary on his father (who had previously lent his voice to the 2012 episode "The Transporter Malfunction", in the series' fifth season).
This type of SA/DA system, pioneered on Taurus pistols, is much faster and simpler than the standard tap, rack, bang method of clearing a dud cartridge.
WLC was ranked 12th in the U.S. on Washington Monthly's 2013 Best Bang for the Buck Rankings for liberal arts colleges.
In Bang Pakong District the level of total suspended solids (TSS) appeared to be high.
Billy's disappearance came three years after he assisted Karen villagers of Pong Luk Bang Kloy to file a lawsuit against the superintendent for ordering the eviction and burning of the village in May 2011.
International artists also performed there, like Guns N' Roses, JKT48, Mariah Carey, Paula Abdul, Whitney Houston, Bobby Brown , Steve Winwood, Frank Sinatra, Super Junior, Girls' Generation, Shinee, Big Bang, Beast/Highlight Kara, 2NE1, TVXQ, F.T.
 Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang
He has worked on a number of series, including directing many episodes of Yes, Dear, Still Standing, According to Jim, Rules of Engagement, and is the primary director of The Big Bang Theory.
Cendrowski received his first-ever Emmy nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for the final episode of the eleventh season of The Big Bang Theory, "The Bow Tie Asymmetry", which included special guest star Mark Hamill and another nomination for the series finale "The Stockholm Syndrome".
Leonard Hofstadter is heard singing it in the third episode of Season 1 of The Big Bang Theory.
In The Big Bang Theory television series, episode 3, series 1, "The Fuzzy Boots Corollary", first aired October 8, 2007, main character Leonard Hofstadter sings the song Boston.
He was a writer but he had never written much, nor even read all the 'originals' he worked from, because it made his head bang to read much.
The Next Big Bang
Bang Tango is an American hard rock band.
At the suggestion of Rough Cutt's Amir Derakh, vocalist Joe Leste' joined the band as its frontman which led to Leste's childhood friend, Tigg Ketler, completing the five piece line up as Bang Tango's drummer.
In 1993, after Dancin' On Coals proved to be not the success MCA had hoped for, the band's label still honored Bang Tango's record contract with a third LP.
The break up of the original line up of Bang Tango occurred in 1995 after returning from a European tour in support of Love After Death.
In 1999 the band released Greatest Tricks, which was a compilation of the band's most well known songs re-recorded with Bang Tango's current line up at the time.
The Joe Leste' and Kyle Kyle version of the band continued to tour under the Bang Tango name until dissipating 1999.
In 2010, the original line-up minus frontman Joe Leste' reformed with a different vocalist and performed two shows as Bang Tango Redux.
In 2014, Bang Tango recruited former Dio guitarist Rowan Robertson.
Bang Tango has reportedly been working on a new album.
In November 2019, it was announced that the original Bang Tango line up consisting of Joe Leste, Mark Knight, Kyle Kyle, Kyle Stevens, and Tigg Ketler would be reuniting to tour in 2020.
Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie 
Over the course of four years Fortier turned the project into a feature-length documentary titled Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie.
The film had very positive reviews from various music websites and publications with the general feeling being that despite its low budget, the film still manages to get its point across in an unbiased, artistic, and engaging manner while being able to appeal to not only fans of the band or genre, but to anyone not familiar with Bang Tango.
The film has never been given an official release, aside from Fortier himself releasing it on YouTube for free, which he stated was because of song clearing issues regarding Bang Tango's music back catalogue with UMG.
Bang Tango were placed at No.
Slipknot and Stone Sour frontman Corey Taylor listed Bang Tango's Someone Like You as a part of his Ultimate 80s Rock Mixtape list featured on Teamrock.
LA Weekly named the former line up of Bang Tango as number 4 on their 10 Best Hair Metal Shows of 2017 list for their performance at Backyard Bash at the Rainbow'' which also featured Enuff Z'Nuff, Dokken, and Bow Wow Wow.
They accidentally go back too far and end up three minutes after the Big Bang.
It also transforms into the Big Bang Cannon, a bazooka-type weapon that Spielban can use.
Rowe began the podcast Bang on with Myf Warhurst in March 2017
Before Big Bang theories 
Syndicated programming on KQFX includes Family Feud, The People's Court, Modern Family, and The Big Bang Theory.
Mellits's commissions include pieces for the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra, Bang on a Can All-Stars, Assad Duo, Kronos Quartet, and the Meridian Arts Ensemble.
He compares the stages of cosmic, vegetation,  human and linguistic  evolution as indicated by the Buddha  with those in western theory, beginning with 13.5 billion years ago of the Big Bang and ending with 150,000 years when  ‘anatomically modern humans’ appear.
The Big Bang, in this interpretation, marks not the beginning of the Evolutionary phase but the ending of the earlier Devolutionary phase, when there appears seven suns (as in a different Sutta), symbolic of intense heat.
It remained there until the summer of 2005 when it was removed from Extremeskins after the Washington Redskins purchased the site and determined that, due to the scornful nature of some of the cartoons, it not be officially connected with Bang Cartoon.
Bang Cartoon then became exclusively featured on its own domain where it remains to date.
In April 2004 Bang Cartoon released "Going Poston," a cartoon about sports agents Carl and Kevin Poston and their client, then NFL rookie Kellen Winslow II.
Bang Cartoon has been featured on national television and given Tayman a fair measure of notoriety in the NFL.
The two met six years ago in an NFL chat room, and Lacks, who works in radio, expressed interest in helping with Bang Cartoon.
The podcast is available for free on iTunes or the Bang Cartoon Radio Hour website.
The Bang Music hour which showcases unsigned artists and bands which have been e-mailed to Tayman by visitors to the site.
It stars Lam Truong, Bang Lang and My Duyen.
Bang measure may be helpful in evaluating a software unit's value in terms of how much useful function it provides, although there is little evidence in the literature of such application.
The use of Bang measure could apply when re-engineering (either complete or piecewise) is being considered, as discussed in Maintenance of Operational Systems—An Overview.
 Crown Prince Le Bang Co, so Emperor Lê Nhân Tông
In Leschetizky's class, he met Norwegian student Walborg Bang, whom he ended up marrying in 1893.
When the drums go bang, the cymbals clang, the horns will blaze away,
the drums go bang, and the cymbals clang, and the horns they blaze away.
After Season 2, Gabrielle seems to dye her hair light brown with blond streaks for the first nine episodes of Season 3, with the exception of the episode Bang, (honey blond with blond highlights).
Lê Nhân Tông (黎仁宗, 28 May 1441 – 25 October 1459), birth name Lê Bang Cơ (黎邦基) was emperor of Vietnam, the third monarch of the House of Lê from 1453 till his murder in a coup in 1459.
Considered an ideological film in the period of political reform, the film proved a big success and led to the building of the Sri Krung Talkie Film Company in Bang Kapi.
Other epics include Bang Rajan by Thanit Jitnukul, who has made several other historical battle epics, including Sema: Warrior of Ayutthaya and Kun Pan: Legend of the Warlord.
 "Somebody to Love", by Big Bang from the album Tonight, 2011
At the 2006 Game Developer's Conference, Three Rings described Bang!
Initially conceived as an insect-themed game, the primary mechanic of Bang!
Michael Bayne, project leader of Bang!
The editors of Computer Games Magazine presented Bang!
quantum fluctuations from a multiverse, led to the Big Bang, and stellar nucleosynthesis brought upon the earliest chemical elements throughout stellar evolution, the formation of the Solar System and the processes involved in abiogenesis arose from natural causes.
Trịnh Kiểm decided to enthrone on the Lê dynasty's throne Lê Duy Bang, who was a 6th generation descendant of Lê Trừ (older brother of emperor Lê Thái Tổ).
Lê Duy Bang took the throne with the title Lê Anh Tông and the Trịnh lords continually controlled the government with the emperor as the figurehead.
It begins at Phahonyothin Road, at the corners of the Lat Phrao Square, CentralPlaza Ladprao, and Union Mall in Chatuchak District, passes through Huai Khwang and Wang Thonglang Districts, and ends in Bang Kapi District.
Launched in 2009, Playlist is a series of single-disc compilation albums based on artists' best studio work during their time on one of the Sony labels (for example, the Van Morrison Playlist only contains tracks from the BANG Records sessions), serving as a successor to the previous Super Hits series and a less expensive alternative to the Essential series.
Approximately 10 seconds after the Big Bang the temperature of the universe had fallen to the point where electron-positron pairs were gradually annihilated.
The Big Bang nucleosynthesis epoch follows overlapping with the photon epoch.
Some cosmologists place the electroweak epoch at the start of the inflationary epoch, approximately 10−36 seconds after the Big Bang.
Others place it at approximately 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang when the potential energy of the inflaton field that had driven the inflation of the universe during the inflationary epoch was released, filling the universe with a dense, hot quark–gluon plasma.
In physical cosmology, assuming that nature is described by a Grand Unified Theory, the grand unification epoch was the period in the evolution of the early universe following the Planck epoch, starting at about 10−43 seconds after the Big Bang, in which the temperature of the universe was comparable to the characteristic temperatures of grand unified theories.
The grand unification epoch ended at approximately 10−36 seconds after the Big Bang.
"Mother and Child (remix)" has vocal replaced by trumpet and the music was sampled and remixed by Jan Bang and Erik Honoré.
"Mother and Child": David Torn (acoustic guitar), Danny Thompson (double bass), Danny Cummings (percussion), Ryuichi Sakamoto (piano, Hammond), Erik Honoré (remixing, sampler), Jan Bang (remixing, sampler, synth), Nils Petter Molvær (trumpet, effects).
They are back with a bang in 2021 with a young exuberant squad.
He continues to bang on the door while Denise tells Libby that she could go back to Oxford early and it is time to move on.
This primordial cloud was composed of hydrogen and helium produced in the Big Bang, as well as heavier elements ejected by supernovas.
First held in 1996 as a one-day indoor event in the Stefan-Hartmann-Halle in Tübingen with a crowd of 600 people, Bang Your Head!!!
Axel celebrated his 25th anniversary as a musician in 2014, headlining the Bang Your Head festival in Balignen Germany on July 11, 2014.
Sheldon Cooper, character from the American TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory
Riding Hood is not disturbed however, and calmly pulls a pistol out of her underwear and shoots the wolf ("The small girl smiles/Her eyelid flickers/She whips a pistol from her knickers/She aims it at the creature's head and BANG!
Gen Art has since then announced its  "Fresh Faces in Fashion Show" during New York Fashion Week 2011, which will feature the designers Ann Yee, ace & jig, Sunghee Bang, Eighteenth, Jennifer Chun, William Okopo, Baron Wells, Collina Strada, Falconiere, Osborn, and Wool and the Gang.
 Amy Farrah Fowler, from the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory
On 11 October 2010, Mersini-Houghton appeared in a BBC programme entitled What Happened Before the Big Bang (along with Michio Kaku, Neil Turok, Andrei Linde, Roger Penrose, Lee Smolin, and other physicists), where she propounded her theory of the universe as a wave function on the landscape multiverse.
In the fourth movement, if used, the women can turn to the public to make a little bow, or to hit their own sticks together, while the men can bump their sticks with a bang on the ground.
The universe collapses (a process the starship survives because there is still enough uncondensed hydrogen for maneuvering outside the growing singularity) and then explodes in a new Big Bang.
Syndicated programming on WOGX includes Live with Kelly and Ryan, The Wendy Williams Show, The Real, The People's Court, The Big Bang Theory, and Dateline among others.
During this, an object was thrown, or fell, from the walkway over the hall, landing with a bang.
In fall 2017, Washington Monthly named Penn State Schuylkill a Top 25 Northeast College for value (Best Bang for the Buck), as well as the best value public university in the state of Pennsylvania.
 Bang Pa-in Palace, the former Summer Palace of Thai kings.
In 2021, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Brian launched his own production company called Left of Bang Entertainment.
"Kizuna Music", a song form BanG Dream!
Focusing on the theory of evolution instead of religion and mythology, the film opens with the text that reads: "Hello and welcome ... do not be afraid ... be comforted ... remember ... our origin...", followed by images depicting the Big Bang.
 Twin Atlantic – Bang On The Gong (2021)
Lemaître, Big Bang and the Quantum Universe, Pachart, Tucson 1996, 
Interior Music is a promotional album by French electronic musician and composer Jean-Michel Jarre, and released in as a special release for Bang & Olufsen in 2001.
The album was a demonstration disc that was to be played in Bang & Olufsen stores, and was to be released as a future album, but that never happened.
Bang the Boss (Digital Download) Fluid Groove 2006
The White Dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman Yuqie (豫且); the White Serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by Liu Bang.
It was the first stage in a process that led to the Big Bang reform of 1986, allowing the City to dominate the international finance markets.
Modern realism was practiced by Bang and J.P. Jacobsen.
Other authors associated with the Modern Breakthrough movement include Holger Drachmann (1846–1908), a popular poet in his day, Herman Bang (1857–1912), a successful novelist, and Sophus Schandorph who gained fame with his Fra Provinsen (1876), a set of rustic tales.
A more influential trajectory took its cue from the modern realism of Bang and J.P. Jacobsen, and developed an influential brand of social realism.
The Big Bang Theory episode "The Adhesive Duck Deficiency" (2009) US; After they run out of food, Leonard, Howard, and Raj go insane and develop a plan to raid a Cub Scout Troop to obtain more food.
The Big Bang Theory character Sheldon Cooper  mentions krakens in the episodes, "Release the Kraken" and "The Date Night Variable"; in "The Hofstadter Insufficiency", Sheldon dreams of Leonard being grabbed by a kraken and pulled off the research ship he was on.
In LQC the Big Bang is replaced by a quantum bounce.
Due to the quantum geometry, the Big Bang is replaced by a big bounce without any assumptions on the matter content or any fine tuning.
 Lee Han-wi - Director Bang
Andreas Bang Hemmeth (born 1979 in Copenhagen, Denmark), better known as DJ Encore, is a Danish songwriter, music artist and journalist.
I feel like I'm going out with a bang after last week's show airs and I feel great about it creatively and I am thankful to the writers for giving me that.
Claes Bang has performed a monologue based on the book since 2002.
In addition to the Fox network schedule, syndicated programs broadcast on WFXR () include TMZ on TV, Divorce Court, The Big Bang Theory, Maury, Modern Family, Family Feud, Mike and Molly and Judge Judy.
Syndicated programs on WBKO-DT2 include Pawn Stars, The People's Court, The Big Bang Theory, 2 Broke Girls, How I Met Your Mother, The Andy Griffith Show, Mike & Molly, Last Man Standing, Two and a Half Men, and Extra.
Bang The Future - Body Slam - 5:42
Q-Tex - Feel The Beats Bang - 4:12
Bang the Future - Bodyslam (Billy 'Daniel Bunter' Bunter & CLSM Remix) - 3:47
Sharkey - Bang Like A Mother - 3:49
2018: Vocal judge on The Next Top Bang with other celebrities like Victoria Song and Kris Wu.
 Bang snaps or "snappers", a type of novelty firework
 1992 - Bang on a Can Live.
Also in 2006 a compilation album, The Miller's Daughter, comprising out-takes from their first two albums was released by Bang!
Bang Networks a Silicon Valley start-up backed by Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen had a lavishly-financed attempt to create a real-time push standard for the entire web.
Bell also sold his cartoons to the San Francisco Chronicle and the former BANG (Bay Area News Group) papers, which included the Oakland Tribune.
Bang Bros operates a network of 60 websites .
When Bang Bros took control of the data and domain, they immediately destroyed and wiped all information associated with the site, which helped to protect associated workers in the pornography industry.
The new name suggested was the Bang Bros Center (BBC).
On June 20, 2020, Bang Bros sent a legal cease and desist order to Mia Khalifa, who they allege has been making false and defamatory allegations about the company.
2003: The Bang Out
This unique institution was the main inspiration for the 2003 Korean mini-series Damo, which in turn was based on Bang Hak-gi's manhwa Damo Nam-soon.
It has been followed by Bang Howdy, Whirled, Corpse Craft and Spiral Knights, in partnership with SEGA.
in 1986 under the name Bang Orchestra.
 Bang Orchestra - Sample That
The cover also contains a quote from T. S. Eliot, stating that our world will not go out with a bang as we expect, but with a whimper.
The Burmese armies arrived through Sai Yok and laid siege on the Bang Kung camp – the camp for Taksin's Chinese troops – in modern Samut Songkhram Province.
Taksin hurriedly sent one of his generals Boonma to command the fleet to Bang Kung to relieve the siege.
Thonburi forces took two valuable Buddha images, the symbolic icons of Vientiane – the Emerald Buddha and Phra Bang to Thonburi.
A pink-haired girl with a long bang that moves about on her head.
As a running gag, the bang often expresses her emotion through its movements.
This formula was referenced in an episode (Season 3, Episode 2, "The Jiminy Conjecture") of the American TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory (although Sheldon referred to Amos Dolbear as Emile Dolbear and gave the year of publication as 1890).
In 1976, he was able to spend some time joining the expedition of Bang and Dyerberg in northwest Greenland, which led to his most widely known experiment, in which he put himself on an Inuit diet, consisting solely of seal, fish (including molluscs and crustaceans), and water for 100 days, starting in March 1979.
He later directed projects for Netflix and Bang Zoom!
And they had sent some producers, and they didn't know what he was talking about; people went up expecting to hear "Brown Eyed Girl," because the year before he had had "Brown Eyed Girl" on Bang Records and that's what he was last known for.
or TTT) and had the opportunity to play with some of the best Jazz musicians of the late 1980s, including Butch Morris, Frank Wright, Billy Bang, Louis Moholo and Frank Lowe.
The Bang Spa (hot mineral spring) is ideal for those who enjoy spa baths.
And while he has a kind heart, he often doesn't appear to care how he is affecting others with his behavior (in a way, Urkel was a forerunner of the Sheldon Cooper character on The Big Bang Theory, who was also a genius and rarely noticed/cared about the way he made other people feel).
Goes like this BANG!
The photon epoch started after most  leptons and anti-leptons were annihilated at the end of the lepton epoch, about 10 seconds after the Big Bang.
Syndicated programming on the station includes The Big Bang Theory, Judge Judy and Two and a Half Men among others.
In the Japanese versions of the games, he was voiced by Kappei Yamaguchi up until the release of Nitro Kart and the Pachislot game CR Crash Bandicoot; and by Makoto Ishii in Crash Boom Bang!.
Crash is a playable character in Boom Bang!, in which he interrupts the Viscount's wish to the Super Big Power Crystal and wishes for a vast amount of Wumpa Fruit.
The following year Crash Boom Bang!
In the early 1990s, he moved to Wales in the hopes of running his own advisory firm while "picking up directorships" (Nuclear Electric, Rank Hovis McDougall, Dowty, English China Clays, and Phoenix Securities); he was the adviser behind most of London's Big Bang mergers.
Despite believing that Andrews could have voiced the character well, Bill Beyrer of Cinema Blend felt that Saunders "did a bang up job", but found the character's appearance to be too realistic at times.
When the wheel of the train passes over, it explodes, emitting a loud bang.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (Nanny McPhee)
A massive civil war then erupted between various reinstated states, with Liu Bang eventually victorious to establish the Han Dynasty.
The stories begin with the Big Bang, and then moves to the Paleolithic Age, where it is revealed that Peter's ancestor invented the wheel.
Samples – T. Rex – Bang a Gong (Get It On)
The Sun at the photosphere is about 73–74% by mass hydrogen, which is the same composition as the atmosphere of Jupiter, and the primordial composition of hydrogen and helium at the earliest star formation after the Big Bang.
The Big Bang theory of the universe—that the universe is expanding from a single original point—was developed from the independent derivation of the Friedmann equations from Albert Einstein's equations of general relativity by the Russian, Alexander Friedmann, in 1922, and by the Belgian, Georges Lemaître, in 1927.
The Big Bang theory was confirmed in 1929 by the American astronomer Edwin Hubble's analysis of galactic redshifts.
But the Big Bang theory had been presaged three-quarters of a century earlier in the American poet and short-story writer Edgar Allan Poe's then much-derided essay, Eureka: A Prose Poem (1848).
Cosmic background radiation as a signature of the Big Bang was confirmed by Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson of Bell Labs.
Syndicated programming on WGMB includes The Big Bang Theory, Judge Judy, The Real, and Hot Bench.
Currently based in Los Angeles, he tours frequently as a collaborator and solo artist, and has performed at venues such as Bang Face, I Love Techno, and the Detroit Electronic Music Festival.
As a solo artist, as of 2014 Edgar has performed at festivals such as Bang Face, I Love Techno, and two appearances at the Movement Festival (DEMF).
Over the years, Science Festival partners have included the Medical Research Council, SCI-FUN, the University of Edinburgh, Bang Goes The Theory and many more.
"Oh No, Not You Again" is one of the most well-known tracks from A Bigger Bang, the Stones' first new studio album since 1997's Bridges to Babylon.
It was the first new song from A Bigger Bang played for a public audience in a surprise performance at the Juilliard School in New York City.
Throughout the 2005–2006 A Bigger Bang Tour, which has carried the Stones throughout North America and Europe, "Oh No, Not You Again" has been played continuously and received generally well by fans and critics alike, although critics have noted the similarities in structure to previous Rolling Stones efforts from the early 1970s.
The tune was erroneously believed to be the next single released from A Bigger Bang in Spring 2006.
Jean-Pierre Luminet is a specialist in the history of cosmology and in particular the emergence of the concept of the Big Bang.
 2004 L'invention du Big Bang ()
With a thunderous, deafening bang and a rainbow burst of colors, the fiery explosion soared toward the clouds, an unforgettable tribute to our triumph over the Jews.
With her calmed down a bit, Mickey tells Minnie to look at him by singing and dancing, and the animals join in, leading to a lengthy sequence of penguins and sea lions dancing while Mickey plays an impromptu harp and uses sticks to bang on items making ding noises.
The A Bigger Bang Tour was expected to include dates throughout the United States and Canada before going to South America, Asia and Europe.
At the end of 2005, it was announced by tour producer Michael Cohl that the A Bigger Bang Tour had grossed a record-shattering $162 million since opening at Fenway Park.
In terms of revenue, the A Bigger Bang Tour was the largest tour in North America.
After their 18 April 2006 performance in Wellington, New Zealand, the Rolling Stones took a one-month break before embarking on the European leg of their A Bigger Bang Tour.
The A Bigger Bang Tour stage was designed by Mark Fisher.
The introduction featured fireworks and computer-generated graphics representing the literal Big Bang.
Yu was among the compilers of the first edition of the Classified Collection of Medical Prescriptions (yu bang yu chwi, 醫方類聚), together with other members of the Hall of Worthies.
The students soon bang on the door and demand to know who is inside with Sky, which leads Boyd to kiss her in front of them.
The tour reached 25 countries and is the second–largest North American tour of all time – second to the Rolling Stones' 2005–2007 A Bigger Bang Tour.
Nevertheless, Honda would go out with a bang, with Mike Hailwood taking the 250 cc and 350 cc crowns and coming within a whisker of dethroning Giacomo Agostini for the 500 cc title.
The UPG found that some vendors of the EMR package recommended a rolling out that would be done all-at-one, also called the Big Bang.
But they found out that the Big Bang would have overwhelmed the physicians and staff due to the following factors:
  Sample Credit: "The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament 
Kvapil won just one race that season and had already announced he was departing the team for Bang!
According to the Big Bang theory, the Universe was initially very hot with energy distributed uniformly.
The universe was in a uniform, high density state at its very early stages, shortly after the Big Bang.
Thus the universe ends in a Big Crunch, which is similar to its beginning in the Big Bang.
The Big Bang - UK Young Scientists & Engineers Fair
The main strategies are big bang adoption, parallel adoption and phased adoption.
The three types of adoption, Big Bang, parallel adoption and phased adoption, range from an instant switch to a strategy where users progressively start using the new system over a certain period of time (which can be weeks, months or even years).
due to network effects), a big bang strategy might be the answer.
In early 2008, the band announced various festival appearances including Sweden Rock Festival (Sweden), Kobetasonik festival (Spain) and Bang Your Head Festival (Germany).
Product Software Adoption: Big Bang Adoption (Also known as Direct Conversion, slam dunk, or cold-turkey strategy), Phased adoption and Pilot adoption.
When it is necessary for the new system to be implemented following a big bang approach, the risk of failure is high (Lee, 2004).
When the organization demands heavily on the old (legacy) system to be changed, the trade-off between extra involved costs for a less risky parallel approach, should be in favour of those extra costs (Lee, 2004), despite this, we see that ERP adoption follows a big bang adoption in most cases (Microsoft, 2004, Yusuf, 2004).
Product Software Adoption: Big Bang Adoption
 2005: A Bigger Bang by The Rolling Stones (mixing on "Rough Justice")
Big bang adoption or direct changeover is when a new system is adopted instantly, with no transition period between the old and new systems.
When a new system needs to be implemented in an organization, there are three different ways to adopt this new system: the big bang adoption, phased adoption and parallel adoption.
With the big bang adoption, the switch between using the old system and using the new system happens at one single date, the so-called instant changeover of the system.
The advantage of a big bang adoption is that the new system does not need to be compatible or connected with any old systems it is replacing.
Once the management has decided to use the big bang method, and supports the changes which are needed for this, the real changing process can start.
If the data is not valid, the management need to determine the changes again and the organisation will have to prepare a different way of executing the Big bang adoption.
This company used the big bang method to implement an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system.
Dow Corning also had big problems with acquiring the necessary skills during their big bang ERP implementation (Scott, Vessey, 2000).
To adopt this new ERP-system, they used the big bang adoption type and they spent considerable time and effort reexamining its business processes.
It is very hard to plan learning or knowledge, though these are necessary to be able to execute the big bang changeover.
FoxMeyer adopted an ERP-system with ambitious warehouse automation software, using the big bang adoption to gain competitive advantage.
So bad communication and ambiguous feedback are also risks when adopting a system with the big bang (Scott, Vessey, 2000).
Born: Mayim Bialik, American actress known for Blossom and The Big Bang Theory; in San Diego
He names them with the date in which he finishes them, and in them, masses of colours appear to materialise a creating world, like a Big Bang, where light structures the canvas.
In the United Kingdom, the Big Bang on the London Stock Exchange, removed the distinction between stockbrokers and stockjobbers, and prompted US investment banks, hitherto deprived of access to the LSE, to set up a trading room in the City of London.
In February 2006, he released the second single, "I Love My Chick" from his seventh studio album The Big Bang.
"Crash Bang Wallop" – 3:13
Six of his recent lectures at the Royal Institution: Magic of Chemistry (2014), Blaze of Steel (2015), Fireworks and Waterworks (2016),  Bonfires with a Bang (2017), Chemistry of Coal (2018) and Metal Mayhem (2019) have been made available on YouTube.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (Isabel Green (Maggie Gyllenhaal))
As a television actor he has made several appearances in popular shows including GLOW, Strange Angel, Criminal Minds, CSI: NY, Comedy Bang!
Fang Bang contains twelve standard tracks, as well as a bonus track exclusive to a particular region.
Other recent credits also include: Bang on the Money, The Royals on E!, Ultimate Brain and Hetty Feather for CBBC, Davina McCall - Fitness DVDs, and The Coalition drama for Channel 4.
Bang on the Money – ITV
 the 5th Infantry Battalion stationed at Tambon Khao Kho Hong, Hat Yai District of Songkla, transferred from Bang Sue to Hat Yai by military train on 18 February 1940, the first unit that moved to the south.
A number of characters from past Crash Bandicoot games return in Crash Boom Bang!, though only eight are playable.
Crash Boom Bang was developed by a Japanese video game studio Dimps.
On developing the mobile phone version of Crash Boom Bang!, producer Elodie Larre described adapting a party game for the mobile phone as a "big challenge".
Frank Provo of GameSpot criticized the game for its dull minigames and purely cosmetic Crash license, citing that "apart from the way the characters look and the way the Nitro boxes explode, [...] there isn't a whole lot that's Crash-like about Crash Boom Bang!".
IGN's review was one of the most scathing, dubbing Crash Boom Bang!
Despite the negative reception, Crash Boom Bang!
The album also features duet with her mom Zsa Zsa Padilla – "I Live for Your Love" and three of Karylle's original compositions, "Minamahal Kita", "Hulog ng Langit" and the soulful piano-driven "Wala Na Bang Lahat".
 The Big Bang (1987) as Général de l'USSSR, voix radio, commentateur du match de foot
BroadcastThe Big Bang TheoryBlack-ishBob's BurgersChicago FireDateline
 1927 - Georges Lemaître: Big Bang
At one point the venue was called Bang and was a gay nightclub.
In the past, he has served as an advisor to Petty Enterprises, and as a minority owner in Bang!
The song appears on a handful of the Rolling Stones' concert DVDs: Bridges to Babylon Tour '97–98 (1998), Rolling Stones - Four Flicks (2003), and The Biggest Bang (2007).
In 2007, Helberg was cast as Howard Wolowitz, in the CBS comedy series The Big Bang Theory.
 Bang on a Can All Stars 
On 12 November 1965, 1-4 Cavalry received its baptism by fire in the Vietnam War when Troop A, attached to 2-2 Infantry, engaged a VC regiment in the village of Bau Bang.
Troop A, 1st Squadron received a Valorous Unit Award for its actions at the battle of Ap Bau Bang.
Van She began in 2002 when band members Nick Routledge, Matt Van Schie, Michael Di Francesco, and Tomek Archer all met through mutual friends at a club called Bang Gang in Sydney.
Syndicated programming on WLIO-DT2 includes The People's Court, The Big Bang Theory, Maury, and Modern Family among others.
These stars were born several hundred million years after the Big Bang.
The song features in the 2015 The Big Bang Theory episode, "The Earworm Reverberation".
For the year, it was the third-highest grossing tour in North America (behind The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour and Barbra Streisand's Streisand: The Tour); and the fifth-highest grossing tour in the world for 2006.
Syndicated programs on KCOP-TV (as of February 2022) include Justice with Judge Mablean, Divorce Court, The Real, The King of Queens, Schitt's Creek, Seinfeld, The Big Bang Theory and The Simpsons.
Three of the major rivers of central Thailand empty into the bay - the Chao Phraya and its distributary Tha Chin, the Mae Klong and the Bang Pakong River.
Rolling Stone (4/13/00, p. 128) – 3.5 stars out of 5 – "... [Pun] has gone out with a bang.
On other various licenses Metal Mind Productions released albums by artists such as Ankh, Anvil, Art Rock, Astharoth, Bang Tango, Bank, Blaze Bayley, Believer, Warlock and Wilczy Pająk among others.
Bang Boo and Eos's warm up animations also had the ends cut resulting in a sudden jump in their animations.
1968  … Et la fin était le bang (Théâtre des Célestins à Lyon)
 With U (EP), by Big Bang, or the title song, 2008
2009 also saw the launch of the surrealist comedy show Comedy Bang!
June 12, 2012 at the Frontier Field featuring Dev, Neon Hitch, Breath Carolina, Carly Rae Jepsen, Chiddy Bang, Wallpaper., Karmin, and Gym Class Heroes.
Originally the squibs were made specially for the carnival and were known as the Bridgwater Squib, and culminated with a large bang as each squib extinguished.
 Cameron Esposito (Take My Wife, Comedy Bang!
On May 16, 2007, The Class was officially canceled at the CBS Upfront presentation, and replaced with The Big Bang Theory.
According to the Records of the Grand Historian, Qin Shi Huang worshipped Chi You as the God of War, and Liu Bang worshiped at Chi You's shrine before his decisive battle against Xiang Yu.
 1979 - Multatuli Prize given by the city of Amsterdam for her work Niets te verliezen en toch bang (Nothing to lose and yet afraid)
It is up to the Faculty of Education at Kamphaeng Saen and considered different school, despite its connections with the Bang Khen one, similar name, uniforms, emblem, and anthem.
There are a further three townships (thesaban tambons): Bang Chak covering parts of the same-named tambon, Tha Phae covering parts of tambon Pak Phun, and Pak Nakhon covering parts of tambons Tha Rai and Pak Nakhon.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Bang Khonthi and Mueang Samut Songkhram, Ban Laem and Khao Yoi of Phetchaburi province, Pak Tho and Wat Phleng of Ratchaburi province.
The work is a musical depiction of the Big Bang, beginning in almost complete silence and utilizing dense brass and percussion textures to represent the immensity of the subject.
Nanny McPhee, in the 2005 film and Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, a 2010 sequel.
Visitors were awarded with sights of Daedalus, Greek Gods, mythical heroes such as Hercules, as well as colorful displays portraying the birth of mankind and gods, the Big Bang, the Deluge, Atlantis, the Age of Discovery and space travel, just to name a few.
Hill started his NFL career with a bang by recording two tackles and an interception, in the season opener against the Broncos.
At the eerie sights of morning, the snipers bang on the door.
Bryce Austin Papenbrook (born February 24, 1986) is an American voice actor who has done voice work for Funimation, Bang Zoom!
The audible bang can reach very loud volumes, in excess of 150 decibels, causing a flight reaction in birds.
For that reason they refused to support him and instead joined Liu Bang in attacking Xiang Yu.
When Liu Bang won the war in 202 BC, he made Zou Wuzhu king of Minyue and in 192 BC, he made Zou Yao king of Dong'ou (Eastern Ou).
The new design featured a Big Bang and a purple spiral cosmos, overlaid first with the TARDIS and then by Sylvester McCoy's face.
Richard Epcar was given the role for Funimation's 2013 dub of The Woman Called Fujiko Mine, and reprises the role in the Bang Zoom!
In 2007, he recorded a song with his junior, Yoga Lin of Xing Guang Bang, for the idol series Bull Fighting () with the same name.
Judiciary Committee - 1970 | It has been learned that Keswick proposed the formation of a Chinese company in the United States by KP Chen and Bang HOT and others ... 
The Rain Parade reformed in 2012, performing their comeback gig on December 20, 2012 at Cafe Du Nord in San Francisco on a sold out bill with Powder and the Bang Girl Group Revue.
Each speck a universe awaiting creation, Big Bang just a dawn away'."
Mac tries to comfort him, but PC continues to bang his head on the side of the banner advertisement.
Andrew McKellar, MBE, FRSC (February 2, 1910 – May 6, 1960) was a Canadian astronomer who first detected the presence of molecular matter in interstellar space, and found the first evidence of the cosmic radiation left over from the Big Bang.
Almost 25 years later Arno Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson detected microwave radiation coming from all regions of the sky corresponding to the same temperature of -271 °C found by McKellar, thus revealing its ubiquity and relation to the radiation left over from the Big Bang.
Includes Martin Bresnick: The Bucket Rider (Performed by the Bang on a Can All-Stars)
On encountering Hodgson's novels in 1934, American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft praised The House on the Borderland and other works by Hodgson at length Terry Pratchett has called the novel "the Big Bang in my private universe as a science fiction and fantasy reader and, later, writer".
When Lê dynasty was restored in 1533, the Mạc dynasty had to retreat to Cao Bang.
Big Bang Made World Tour, 24–25 July 2015
In addition to Fox network programs like The Simpsons, The Masked Singer, NASCAR and the NFL, WCOV carries syndicated programming including The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Big Bang Theory, The People's Court, Judge Mathis and The Andy Griffith Show.
By investigating the division between brokers and jobbers at the London Stock Exchange while at the OFT, Borrie set in train the events which would lead to Big Bang in 1986.
The Fort Smith Indians changed their name to the Fort Smith-Van Buren Twins, and a new team started in St. Joseph, Missouri with a bang.
As a performer, Trueman has played at both contemporary and folk music festivals, among them Bang on a Can and Den Norske Folkemusikkveka.
lang and the Siss Boom Bang, co-producing and co-writing much of Sing It Loud.
lang and the Siss Boom Bang - Sing It Loud (2011)
In May 2017, greasing material on a KMG Freak Out ride at Barry's Amusements at Portrush in Northern Ireland was dislodged, causing a loud bang and oil to spray over people and the nearby children's roller coaster.
A loud bang is heard outside.
The game was developed by Big Bang and was released in 1999 in North America and Europe by Infogrames and in Japan by Banpresto.
Other features include rear-mounted six-speed manual or optional six-speed ‘Touchtronic 2’ automatic gearbox, Bang & Olufsen BeoSound in-car entertainment system with 13 speakers.
The cadets traditional dance "Attannr" to the bang of a dhol and nobody, not even the principal, can refuse taking part in the "Attannr".
The park headquarters is in Tab Lamu, which is a small fishing village, just 13 km from Bang La On in Khao Lak.
In 1677 his army finally destroyed the last Mac remnants in Cao Bang province, forcing the Mac to flee to Southern China, where they were captured by the Qing army in 1683.
It is said to be the replica of the Ruyi Jingu Bang.
The Bamboozle Roadshow 2011 was scheduled to take place from May 4 to June 10, 2011, featuring Chiddy Bang, Dev, Ninjasonik, and Pusha T. However, the tour was cancelled before it started.
2012 – Silversun Pickups, Paul Van Dyk, Chiddy Bang, Ra Ra Riot, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Tommy Trash, Dia Frampton, Murs, Tokimonsta, Clockwork, Oliver, Yacek
Horgan claims that science will not achieve insights into nature as profound as evolution by natural selection, the double helix, the Big Bang, relativity theory or quantum mechanics.
 LIVE BANG!（TV Tokyo network）
He said with a new album that was different than his other four albums, there would be a new haircut and a new personality to go with it, similar to what Busta Rhymes did with The Big Bang.
"Biggest Mistake" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones from their 2005 album A Bigger Bang.
On February 14, 2000, coinciding with the 25th anniversary, 90.7 Love Radio was relaunched with a new logo and the tagline "Kailangan pa bang i-memorize yan?
Guido tried to deliver a Kiss of Death to Roadkill but Roadkill avoided it and then he and Doring delivered a Buggy Bang to win the titles.
SimplyPleasure.com - The Big Bang Bag.
This ... might then be represented to the Irish people as the ultimate bang of a crosier for all that post-Catholic Ireland has become, and the last gasp of a desperate, discredited, rigid, reactionary, and patriarchal regime.
She performed guest vocals on the track "The Sweet Spot" from The Duckworth Lewis Method's eponymous album and three tracks on Bang Goes the Knighthood, Neil Hannon's 2010 album as The Divine Comedy.
 Big Bang Love, Juvenile A (Japan) Takashi Miike
Just as Bugs is putting the 'baby' to bed, Finster hits Bugs with a baseball bat and the words Bok, Pow, Bang and Boing appear; he assumes the baby is having a nightmare.
the area covers three kilometres in width and five kilometres long in Tambon Bang Chakreng.
 Jelbert, Steve, "Something to bang on about", Times Online, 25 February 2006.
Syndicated programming on WMDN includes The Doctors, Dr. Phil, and The Big Bang Theory.
and The Big Bang Theory.
They do not start well, with Jones continually knocking the stumps out, forcing the vicar to bang them in again and again.
Beautiful Creatures (sometimes abbreviated as BC) are a hard rock band formed in 1999 by guitarist DJ Ashba and singer Joe Lesté of Bang Tango.
Drummer Starr was also replaced by Bang Tango drummer Timmy Russell.
Bang Tango bassist Lance Eric has filled in for gigs on Bass as well.
On Nov 25, Joe Lesté collapsed on stage during a Bang Tango show in Chicago, Illinois.
He is the author of A Briefer History of Time: From the Big Bang to the Big Mac (1999) and has been a member of the editorial board of the Annals of Improbable Research since 1998.
 Mayim Bialik, TV actress (Blossom, The Big Bang Theory)
In Thailand, it was recorded in the Pru Toa Daeng peat swamp forest and in areas around the Bang Nara river.
The Bang Nara river habitat, where communities have been discovered, is tidal.
January 1, 2005 New York Waste: Starting It Off With A Bang!
  Big C Foodplace () is a supermarket The first branch is Gateway at Bang Sue.
He has done work for various studios such as DuArt Film and Video, Headline Studios, NYAV Post, New Generation Pictures and Bang Zoom!
In this book Hawking and Mlodinow present quantum mechanics, string theory, the big bang theory, and other topics in a more accessible fashion to the general public.
The song was featured during a montage sequence in "The Cooper-Nowitzki Theorem", a second-season episode of The Big Bang Theory.
After 2004, Troxell sold the team to Ferguson, who renamed the team "Mighty Motorsports", as well as purchasing equipment and owner's points from Bang!
CMJ'''s Juliana Day gave the album a positive review, calling the record "one adrenaline burst after another, prefabricated but easy to bang your head to."
Before entering the new season, they won the second edition of Bang Yos Gold Cup, a pre-season competition initiated by Sutiyoso, the governor of Jakarta at that time.
Like the previous season, PSMS competed in the third edition of Bang Yos Gold Cup before entering the new season.
Ultiman is a fictional character published by Big Bang Comics.
First appearing in Big Bang Comics #1 (Spring 1994), he was created by Gary Carlson and drawn by his partner Chris Ecker, among others.
Ultiman has proven to be the most popular of all Big Bang Comics heroes.
The Earth-B equivalent also appeared in the Big Bang TV movie, Knights of Justice.
"Lollipop" (Big Bang and 2NE1 song), 2009
"Good Day to Die", a song by Wednesday 13 from Fang Bang
Fraser posits that the universe has emerged into levels of temporality, beginning with the pure energy of the Big Bang, which he terms atemporality (without-time).
black hole/Big Bang,
 Lady Bang at maxboxing.com
Syndicated programming on WICZ-TV includes The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, and The People's Court among others.
The original Belgian release was by Bang!, with the only difference that track 14 is simply named "Roses", like the single.
Members of the group performed or recorded with Bang on a Can, The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, the Orpheus Chamber Orchestra, the New York Chamber Symphony, CONTINUUM, Sheryl Crow, Roger Daltrey, and Yo-Yo Ma's Silk Road Project.
Syndicated programming (as of September 2020) on KVEO-DT1 includes The Big Bang Theory, The Drew Barrymore Show, Daily Mail TV, Rachael Ray, Dr. Phil, and Jeopardy!.
In addition to several collaborations with composer/percussionist David Van Tieghem in the 1990s, he collaborated with Bang on a Can composer David Lang in 2006 on the opera The Difficulty of Crossing a Field, adapted from a very short story by Ambrose Bierce.
"No Sugar Tonight" was covered by The Shirelles on their Happy and in Love album released in 1971, and by Bang on their Mother/Bow to the King album (Capitol Records, SMAS-11110) released in 1972.
He is best known as Icky Twerp, host of the kids’ show Slam Bang Theatre, and Gorgon, host of the horror film series Nightmare.
Released on December 13, 2005, it was the first single from Rhymes' Aftermath/Interscope debut, The Big Bang.
After Antarctic Press stopped publishing manga in the mid-1990s, Ippongi's works such as Virtual Bang, Doctor!
Frederik Barry Bang, deceased.
Bang By Little Stranger
The source for his pornography was the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) which had just begun to replicate Big Bang conditions at a small scale.
Reasoning that the Big Bang was "divine coitus", Keats screened a live feed from the LHC on a votive altar.
The Rolling Stones – A Bigger Bang (2005) m
It was signed to Bang Record with hit singles in countries including Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Germany.
The teacher is said to have also taught that there were dinosaurs aboard Noah's Ark and that there is no scientific basis for evolution or the Big Bang theory of the origin of the universe.
 Glimpse of Time Before Big Bang Possible by Charles Q. Choi.
Wonder Woman's iconic nature has found its way into such television programs as The Big Bang Theory, Charmed, Frasier, Friends, 30 Rock, The Simpsons, Family Guy, and Robot Chicken.
In 1962 he starred in A Trip Without a Load and Bang the Drum.
Titles include: Unholy Mourning, Black Prism, E Pluribus Bang!, The Blood of October, The Home, Salt Mine, The Voice of Armageddon, Savage Ransom, and Tremor Violet.
During cosmic times, nuclear reactions re-arrange the nucleons that were left behind from the big bang (in the form of isotopes of hydrogen and helium, and traces of lithium, beryllium, and boron) to other isotopes and elements as we find them today (see graph).
Ring the bells and bang the brasses!
In the centre of the forehead, a Bang (gold chain) was placed with a pendant.
Mid-2007 was spent playing European classical music festivals with concert pianist Katia Labeque's experimental band, B For Bang, whose first album was released in January 2008 and included a version of The Beatles "I Want You (She's So Heavy)" sung by Keineg.
While climbing down, he hears and feels a bang, but thinks nothing of it.
This was done after the founder of the Han dynasty, Liu Bang (died 195 BC), had sacked the city of Xianyang.
In the  Season Eight episode of The Big Bang Theory, "The Skywalker Intrusion", Sheldon Cooper says to Leonard Hofstadter "Play that funky music" when Leonard turns on the car radio, though Sheldon is unfamiliar with the cultural reference.
The Sklar brothers have also appeared in television shows such as CSI, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Mighty Med, Childrens Hospital, Law & Order, Becker, Providence, The Oblongs (as conjoined twin brothers Biff and Chip Oblong), Entourage, Grey's Anatomy (as conjoined twin brothers Peter and Jake Weitzman), Curb Your Enthusiasm (Jason only), and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (as dance marathon DJs on the episode "The Gang Dances Their Asses Off").
The NME wrote, "Now that Belle and Sebastian have left their whimsical ways behind, it's up to their fellow Glaswegians Camera Obscura to take up the cause of indie-popsters everywhere, and it's something they appear to be bang up for."
“The thing that really knocked me out is the not-drumming in her drumming, where she doesn’t bang where she’s supposed to, and holds off, and then puts it in,” said MacKaye of Farina's style.
Quark Stars Could Produce Biggest Bang (SpaceDaily) June 7, 2006
After several albums for Jazzland, he recorded Dream Logic for ECM (2012), collaborating with Jan Bang and Erik Honoré on the production and timbral design of melodies and soundscapes.
During a panel interaction with the crowd at Comic-Con 2014, a member of the audience asked the writers of The Big Bang Theory why Aquaman sometimes got a bad rap at the show.
In 2015, Marnie performed vocals on Bang Gang' song "Silent Bite".
The 1999 season started off with a bang for Aikman and the Cowboys as they squared off against the Redskins.
"I Love My Bitch" (known as "I Love My Chick" in its edited version) is a song by Busta Rhymes featuring will.i.am (who also produced the track) and Kelis, released as the second single from Busta Rhymes' seventh studio album, The Big Bang (2006).
 1987: Før gæsterne kommer by Jon Bang Carlsen (Denmark)
In 1939 the show Black Velvet included Parr-Davies's song "Crash, Bang, I Want To Go Home".
And that ball kept getting closer and closer, all the sudden, BANG!"
The rich city girl says that she will take Dum to visit Bang Pu beach, if he will do all she commands.
She orders her driver to take them to Bang Pu beach.
She will sometimes  bang Nora and Nori's heads together.
Past festival performers include the Kronos Quartet, Bang on a Can All-stars, So Percussion, Alarm Will Sound, Iva Bittová, Ethel, Flux Quartet, The Bad Plus, Happy Apple, Low, Gao Hong, Dean Granros and Antigravity, Tibetan Monks of the Gyuto Wheel of Dharma Monastery, Dosh, Patrick Crossland, Douglas Ewart, Anthony Cox.
It has also received more recent investigation from James Hartle and Stephen Hawking in which they derive a specific solution to the Wheeler–deWitt equation to explain the initial conditions of the Big Bang cosmology.
His commercial television work included voicing campaigns for Twix, Gaviscon, Cillit Bang, Calgon and currently Admiral car insurance.
Dessner is an established soloist, and veteran of groups including Bang on a Can All-Stars, which has given him in contact with major figures like Philip Glass and Terry Riley.
Chuck Lorre, 1970, Award-winning director, producer, creator of The Big Bang Theory, Mom, Two and a Half Men, and Dharma and Greg
 "The Big Bang Jump!"
 "The Big Bang Jump"
Farid Bang used the sample of the song in his 2019 single "Maghreb Gang" featuring French Montana and Khaled himself.
Porn or Not Porn 1973: Bang the Drum Slowly (not porn), The Last of Sheila (not porn), and Ride a Cocked Horse (porn)
Gilliland started the season with a bang, winning his second career pole at the 2007 Daytona 500, his first points-paying race at the track.
Bobô started with a bang at Sydney FC, scoring on his debut in the FFA Cup against Blacktown City, and assisting two other goals in a 3–0 win .
Aguirre is a member of the Frends Crew (spelled without the "i" to emphasize the collective nature of the group) made up of snowboarders Kevin Pearce, Danny Davis, Mikkel Bang, Scotty Lago, Keir Dillon, Jack Mitrani, Luke Mitrani, Eric Jackson, and the Swartz Brothers.
In accordance with modern cosmology, matter is theorized to have emerged from a pure energy singularity at the Big Bang.
They lost the championship to the Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) at The Big Bang!
3 tape (1983, Bang Zoom)
A few songs from the Under the Influence of Giants album were played at a Halloween party scene in an episode ("The Middle-Earth Paradigm") of The Big Bang Theory.
The Big Bang Theater occupies the bottom half of the Hayden Sphere.
The Big Bang Theater serves as an introduction to the Heilbrun Cosmic Pathway, a spiral which wraps around the sphere, connecting the second and first floors of the Rose Center.
 Hayden Big Bang Theater
In 1977, Wald published a popular-science book titled Space, Time, and Gravity: The Theory of the Big Bang and Black Holes explaining Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity, and its implications in cosmology and astrophysics.
Our thunders, our bang,
In addition to Doug Loves Movies, Benson has begun recording The Benson Interruption and releasing it as a monthly podcast for $1.99 and has appeared on numerous other podcasts, including Comedy Bang!
Bang!, The Joe Rogan Experience, WTF with Marc Maron, The Adam Carolla Show, Nerdist with Chris Hardwick, Mohr Stories, You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes, Never Not Funny, and Who Charted with Howard Kremer and Kulap Vilaysack.
She is one of a few Korean expatriates to appear prominently in Philippine television, other notable expatriates are Sandara Park, Ryan Bang and Sam Oh.
In a letter to Clarence Allen in April 3, 1953, McCoy wrote : "Congratulations on doing a bang up job with your new book.
It is also shown briefly during Season 8 Episode 12 of the TV sitcom "The Big Bang Theory."
She also voices supporting characters such as: Esdeath in Akame ga Kill, Varda in Engage Planet Kiss Dum, Mari Kurokawa in Gate, Arsene in Tantei Opera Milky Holmes, Miho in Suzuka, Kanon in Pretty Rhythm and Rinko Shirokane in BanG Dream!
Knight Watchman (AKA: Reid Randall) is a fictional superhero from the Big Bang Comics universe, residing on Earth A during the Silver Age of comics.
In the fictional history of Big Bang Comics, his first appearance was in Deductive Comics.
By the time Big Bang Comics had entered the modern day (the 1990s), Knight Watchman is reluctant to come out of retirement despite attempts by Ultiman to place Randall back in the cape.
"They shot one show in color and I said 'no'," Burr recalled, "and they gave me such a big thing, talked about my loyalty and all that, and they guaranteed the quality of the show and said, 'Let's go off with a big bang.'
It was the first Williams/Bally pinball machine missing a real replay-knocker, a device driven by a coil to produce a loud bang when hammering against the wood of the cabinet or backbox.
Burgess ended his review by saying: "I was entertained but also deeply moved: here is a novel set bang in the middle of our corrupt world that, in some curious way, breathes a kind of desperate hope."
Deathstorm reveals its plan to Stein, stating that it intends to create enough emotional instability between Ronnie and Jason that the Matrix will trigger another Big Bang, thereby destroying all life in the universe.
After it was made capital of a Pargana in the time of Akbar the Great, which was then ruled by Sayyid in 1000 but served with soldiers and included neighbouring Pargana Bang.
2017, 15 September: Parsons Green bombing – The London tube train was targeted and witnesses reported a flash and bang.
1984 - Dapat ka bang mahalin?
Instead, David Ellis, the director, decided to end the film with a bang and include the barbecue scene.Final Destination 3: The film has two alternative endings (based on the viewer's choices on the DVD).
 The Big Bang and Other Creation Myths (1981)
Entertainment Weekly wrote that "Keen’s vivid scenarios in Picnic pack more punch than the usual Austin twang and bang."
He is co-founder and co-artistic director of New York's legendary music collective Bang on a Can.
It is also featured on the concert DVD/Blu-ray sets Bridges to Babylon Tour '97–98 (1998), Four Flicks (2003), The Biggest Bang (2007), Sweet Summer Sun: Hyde Park Live (2013), Totally Stripped (2016), and Havana Moon (2016).
He more recently had a recurring role on the TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory as Bernadette's father, Mike, and also appeared in four episodes of The Ranch as Roger Hollister.
Called the "King of Sitcoms", he has created and produced sitcoms including Grace Under Fire, Cybill, Dharma & Greg, Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, Mom, Young Sheldon, The Kominsky Method, Disjointed, Bob Hearts Abishola, B Positive, and United States of Al.
Lorre's next show was The Big Bang Theory with co-creator Bill Prady.
During The Big Bang Theory episode titled "The Hook-Up Reverberation", Vanity Card #463 was displayed.
1989: The Saint: The Big Bang (TV Series) as Kuhler
Phaya Thai (left side) and Samsen Nai (right side) in Phaya Thai district throughout the entire area, from the bridge over the Khlong Samsen to the bridge over the Khlong Bang Sue (begins July 26, 2017).
Chatuchak (left side) and Chom Phon (right side) in Chatuchak district from the bridge over the Khlong Bang Sue to Ratchayothin Intersection.
Bang Khen district (left side) and Sai Mai district (right side) from the bridge over the Khlong Lam Phak Chi to Saphan Mai quarter.
"Girl, You'll Be a Woman Soon" is a song written by American musician Neil Diamond, whose recording of it on Bang Records reached number 10 on the US pop singles chart in 1967.
Her first film role was in Tanit Jitnukul's historical epic about the battle of Bang Rajan.
 Bang Rajan (2000) as Sa
Among his films is the 2000 historical battle epic, Bang Rajan.
Tanit made his name doing historical battle epics and directing a string of them; Bang Rajan, Legend of the Warlord and Sema: Warrior of Ayutthaya.
Bang Rajan was later "presented" by Oliver Stone in a theatrical release in the United States.
Pras – What'cha Wanna Do (CDS) Whatcha Wanna Do (The Neptunes Bang Your Head Remix) (feat.
Her third album, Baby Likes To Bang, was released on September 14, 2010 by Brando Records.
and "Baby Likes To Bang."
He has worked for 4Kids Entertainment, Bang Zoom!
She was a daughter of a wealthy Mon from Bang Chang, in Samut Songkhram Province.
Nak was born in 1737 to a local patron of Bang Chang named Thong and his wife San.
 Bang on a Can—Music for Airports—Brian Eno 	
Gregorio started the 2007–2008 season with a bang.
The first cineplex was opened in 1994 at Future Park Bang Khae.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KIDY include The Kelly Clarkson Show, The People's Court, The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family and The Simpsons.
This interpenetration of planes culminates in the universe itself as a physical structured, dynamic and evolutive expression emanated – through a series of stages, becoming progressively more material and embodied – from The Supreme Being: which allows from Itself the irruption of auto-Singularities, as the Big Bang, originated from Its unintelligible Chaos.
Groman started his career off with a bang, having a rookie year like no other receiver ever had before or since.
He appeared on the IFC series Comedy Bang!
Bang!, based on the comedy podcast of the same name (formerly Comedy Death-Ray Radio).
In December 2014, following CBS's announcement that Watts would lead The Late Late Show band, Aukerman announced that Watts would remain with Comedy Bang!
Watts' final episode of Comedy Bang!
The questions are a continuation of his time on Comedy Bang!
The upgrades helped Hubble to see deeper into the universe and farther into the past, closer to the time of the Big Bang.
The upgrades will also help Hubble to see deeper into the universe, and farther into the past, closer to the time of the Big Bang.
Cohen has written for The Simpsons, The Wonder Years, The Ben Stiller Show, and The Big Bang Theory.
Liu Bang, founder of the Han dynasty, was also referred to as having done all sort of questionable acts, but was still revered as a good ruler.
TV Guide gave the film 2 stars out of 4 and commented that the film "starts with a bang and ends in a long, protracted whimper" and Stephen Holden from The New York Times said you "feel as if you have just sat through an earnest made-for-television movie" and in the end "an honorable dud".
Syndicated programs broadcast on KFTA () include The Doctors, Divorce Court, Two and a Half Men, The Real, Mike & Molly, Last Man Standing and The Big Bang Theory.
It then empties into the Bang Pakong River in Ban Sang District, Prachinburi Province at Pak Nam Yothaka.
The water resources of Ban Mi are the Bang Kham River and Khlong Anusasanan.
The main water resource of Tha Wung are the Lopburi and Bang Kham Rivers.
 Great Grandson-in-law - Bang Seo-ran (방서란, 房瑞鸞)
 Big Bang [YGEX] (official site) *Japan*
1994: Tju Bang Chokolademand
Mick Martin and Derrick Bang of the Video Movie Guide awarded it a full four stars, praising it as "a truly frightening horror film, loaded with suspense, intelligent writing, and decent acting."
The 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike forced several television series (including Pushing Daisies, Eli Stone, Chuck, The Big Bang Theory, and Heroes) to go into un-planned hiatus and deferred the scheduled returns of other series such as 24 for an extended period.
In addition to the Fox network schedule, syndicated programming on WJKT include Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, Judge Judy, and Maury, among others.
He has written for many sitcoms, such as The Love Boat, Who's the Boss?, Murphy Brown, Grace Under Fire, The Big Bang Theory, and Cybill.
He is also executive producer and writer for The Big Bang Theory.
Live concert DVD/VCD released October 28, 2005, from 10th anniversary concert on May 21, 2005 at Huamak Indoor Stadium, Bang Kapi.
Syndicated programming on WXTX includes The Big Bang Theory, Judge Judy, Rachael Ray, and Maury among others.
After making her television debut in 2002 with minor roles in the television series Titus and Buffy the Vampire Slayer, she guest starred on the WB series Gilmore Girls (2005–2006), the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory (2008, 2017), and the HBO series Enlightened (2011).
She guest starred on the television series The Big Bang Theory as Ramona Nowitzki, a graduate student who is obsessed with Sheldon Cooper, in seasons two and ten.
Elementary schools: Bane, Emmott, Kirk, Bang (partial), Danish (partial), Francone (partial), Hairgrove (partial), Holbrook (partial), Lee (partial), Post (partial), Willbern (partial)
Architects who designed homes in this neighborhood include William Norman Floyd, William R. Jenkins, William F. Wortham and Lars Bang.
Syndicated programs broadcast on KTMJ () include The Big Bang Theory, Hot Bench, Friends, The People's Court, and The Kelly Clarkson Show.
After noting the disappearance of one of their workers, the group hears a loud bang and returns to the laboratory, where Linda shows off her recent breakthrough: a glowing, plant-based concoction with explosive properties.
She was commissioned by Divani Films to adapt R.K. Narayan’s novel Waiting For the Mahatma into a film script, and by Big Bang Company to write an original script focusing on a father-daughter relationship.
 Harry AA is back with a bang
Most of the parliamentary debate was undertaken by women, which Ulrika Lorentzi, former editor of the feminist magazine Bang, referred to as the "Sex Wars".
His music has been performed at Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the Kennedy Center, the Bang on a Can Festival, the Aspen Music Festival, and London’s Royal Opera House.
Despite being fired, Austin was at Raw Is War the night after Judgment Day and held McMahon hostage at gunpoint, though when Austin went to fire his gun it turned out to be a joke gun, with a sign saying BANG!
According to notes at Byrne's website, the conclusion of the story would see a dying Galactus releasing his power causing a new Big Bang and transforming his herald Nova into the Galactus for the new universe.
The band went on to be nominated for the Street Style Awards at the end of '06 and played several well received shows, Lime Sonic Bang, ZoukOut, Crossborders Kuala Lumpur and Explore Singapore as a three piece.
Bang Rak Market: Flea market.
Sampeng II Plaza: Modernized Chinese land and floating markets on Kanlapaphruek Road, Bang Khae District.
By 2009, Prima launched its first ever thematic channel, Prima Cool, aimed at a young male target audience, with a heavy level of acquired TV series and shows, like The Big Bang Theory, The Simpsons or Top Gear.
Police bang on the door.
Big Bang, released in the following year, continued in the same vein, featuring cheerful songs with a deep critical social messages like "Perplexo" and poetical/lyrical ones like "Lanterna dos Afogados".
The Machang River originated from Titiwangsa Range of Perak – Terengganu border and Merah River from the upper stream of Bang Lang National Park, Thailand.
Metric expansion is a key feature of Big Bang cosmology, is modeled mathematically with the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric and is a generic property of the universe we inhabit.
A much slower and gradual expansion of space continued after this, until at around 9.8 billion years after the Big Bang (4 billion years ago) it began to gradually expand more quickly, and is still doing so.
Based on large quantities of experimental observation and theoretical work, the scientific consensus is that space itself is expanding, and that it expanded very rapidly within the first fraction of a second after the Big Bang, approximately 13.8 billion years ago.
These problems arise from the observation that to look as it does today, the universe would have to have started from very finely tuned, or "special" initial conditions at the Big Bang.
The purple grid lines mark off cosmological time at intervals of one billion years from the Big Bang.
This is because commonly-used calculations for gravitational collapse are usually based upon objects of relatively constant size, such as stars, and do not apply to rapidly expanding space such as the Big Bang.
This analogy is potentially confusing since it wrongly suggests that the big bang took place at the center of the balloon.
A group of astronomers at the European Southern Observatory noticed, by measuring the temperature of a distant intergalactic cloud in thermal equilibrium with the cosmic microwave background, that the radiation from the Big Bang was demonstrably warmer at earlier times.
Bandai Entertainment manufactured and distributed the DVDs, which included the Bang Zoom!
He can be seen in episodes of shows such as Friends; Law & Order: Special Victims Unit; Everybody Loves Raymond; Yes, Dear; Gilmore Girls; Blue Bloods; Law & Order, Young Sheldon as a NASA administrator and guest speaker, The Big Bang Theory as an opposing pharmaceutical sales rep, Harry's Law, and B Positive as Drew's nephrologist.
A noted art restorer, from 1969-1982, Fua worked on the restoration of the Tripitaka Library at Wat Rakang Kositaram temple (also known as Wat Bang Wah Yai), built during the reign of King Rama I.
The ruins around the Songkhla lake such as Bang Kaeo in Phatthalung or Sathing Phra in Songkhla then might be one of the cities of Raktamaritika.
Bang!, The Nerdist Podcast, Never Not Funny, Doug Loves Movies, You Made It Weird, The Adam Corolla Show, Ridiculous History, Sup Doc, FitzDog Radio, The Carson Podcast, Improv4Humans, Kevin Pollak Chat Show, Sklarbro Country, The Joe Rogan Experience, Who Charted, and The 500 with Josh Adams Meyers.
After some soul searching, she came across a white magic guidebook in a bookshop, which she described as being "like BANG!
"Warning" by Green Day and "Big Bang Baby" by Stone Temple Pilots also have similar riffs.
The song also features on concert films and DVD box sets: Ladies and Gentlemen: The Rolling Stones (1974), Live at the Tokyo Dome (1990), Stones at the Max (1992), Four Flicks (2004), The Biggest Bang (2007), Some Girls: Live in Texas '78 (2011), Sweet Summer Sun: Hyde Park Live (2013) and L.A. Forum – Live In 1975 (2014).
It was performed live for the first time in Columbus, Ohio, and then at many of the shows on the band's A Bigger Bang Tour in 2006.
He started 2006 with a bang, winning a chaotic wet round 3 at Donington Park, but has not been among the front-runners in the dry on his semi-works Suzuki.
Bang soon encounters Tom Guycot, the skeleton mastermind behind the abduction, and he learns that the Doomsday Bomb is controlled by six medallions which have been distributed among the seven governors of Demonhead.
Upon meeting the sprite, he learns of a captured hermit who teaches Bang various force powers upon rescuing him.
While searching for the rest of the medallions, Bang repeatedly experiences strange mental discomfort.
Bang later discovers that the discomfort is a failed attempt at mind control by a demon trapped beneath the mountain at Demonhead's northern end.
After Bang fails to defeat the demon, it seeks out and kills Tom Guycot and steals his medallion.
Bang learns from the hermit that the demon can only be destroyed with the Sword of Apollo.
Upon defeating the demon and recovering Guycot's medallion, Bang attempts to rescue Professor Plum, but learns that the Doomsday Bomb is already complete.
The only way to defuse the bomb is with the medallions, but with no instructions, Bang can only guess where each medallion is placed, and is working against a countdown timer that triggers the bomb.
Bang responds that from now on humans will look after themselves.
In 2018, he acted as a dance mentor in iQiyi's reality online street dance variety program Hot Blood Dance Crew, as well as a mentor in Dragon Television's talent scouting program The Next Top Bang.
The 2-hour show in front of approximately 70,000 people was part of their A Bigger Bang Tour.
The Stones performed the song occasionally in 1973 and it returned to their set-lists on their 1994 Voodoo Lounge Tour, 2005 A Bigger Bang Tour, and 2017 No Filter Tour.
Bang Krathum (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the Phitsanulok province, Thailand.
Bang () means 'village' or 'settlement'.
Most of Bang Krathum lies within the Nan Basin, although a narrow strip of land on the west side of the district lies within the Yom Basin.
Bang Krathum's chief crops are rice, sugar cane, fruits, oranges, tamarinds, cassavas, soy beans and mung beans.
In Bang Krathum, there are a number of "banana factories" that package an assortment of dried fruits including dried bananas and tamarinds that are sold in Thailand and exported worldwide.
In 2006, there were reported cases of leptospirosis among residents of Bang Krathum, contracted due to standing water.
Gang bang at ground zero.
The three main distributors in Peru are Tondero Films (49.1%), Big Bang Film (12.7%) and La Soga Producciones (10.1%).
Z has performed in such festivals as Bang on a Can at Lincoln Center in New York, the Interlink Festival in Japan, Other Minds in San Francisco, La Biennale di Venezia in Venice, Italy, and Pina Bausch Tanztheater's Festival in Wuppertal, Germany.
Adventures in Voice Acting is a 2008 documentary DVD produced by Bang Zoom!
It took three years to complete, from concept to release, and was created by Bang Zoom to answer many questions they received from people wanted to know how to become a voice actor.
Since the release of the video documentary, Bang Zoom has provided multi-day workshops for prospective voice actors.
Some of Bang Zoom's current voice actors / members have been participants in the program, including: Marianne Miller, Lauren Landa, and Cristina Vee.
 Billy Goodman, "Big Days for the Big Bang," Princeton Alumni Weekly (2002) pp 441ff online
They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives.
The first element bang (Thai: บาง) means 'village' or 'settlement'.
Bang Krathum's topography consists of flat, fertile lowlands.
The subdistrict is divided into 11 smaller divisions called (muban), which roughly correspond to the six villages in Bang Krathum.
Bang Krathum is administered by a Tambon administrative organization (TAO).
"Big Bang Day": London Stock Exchange is computerised, and opens to foreign companies.
Pickup's tenure with the Belmore club  started with a bang in 1975.
 Bang Eun-hee as Seo Young-ran
David Patrick Seitz (born March 17, 1978) is an American voice actor, ADR director and script writer known for his work for Funimation, Bang Zoom!
These prostitutes were not all local girls, some of them come from nearby areas such as Taphan Hin, Bang Mun Nak, Thap Khlo, Chum Saeng, Thap Krit etc.
Ten kilometres from Bang Khamoad (today's Ban Mo district) there is a big pond.
The composition of this region with a mass just over that of the Sun () was about the same as that of the Sun today, with hydrogen, along with helium and trace amounts of lithium produced by Big Bang nucleosynthesis, forming about 98% of its mass.
The number was part of the Rolling Stones' concert repertoire during their Licks Tour in 2002–2003 and A Bigger Bang Tour in 2005–2007.
 Icon #20: "The Big Bang Theory" (with Dwayne McDuffie, Mark D. Bright and John Paul Leon, Milestone, 1994)
"Johnny's in Love With You" - The Bang
Blumenthal has also worked in many other areas of astrophysics, including the study of gamma-ray bursts, accretion disks, active galaxies, and the microwave background radiation left by the Big Bang.
Since its release, the SS has won two consecutive (2006 and 2007) Bang For Your Bucks awards,\Motor magazine initiative.
Later the center of the city was moved to Pak Bang Muen Han (ปากบางหมื่นหาญ) and to the north side of Wat Phromma Thephawat.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Ban Phraek of Ayutthaya Province, Don Phut of Saraburi province, Bang Pahan of Ayutthaya Province, and Pa Mok, Mueang Ang Thong, and Chaiyo of Ang Thong province.
The district was originally named Nakhon Luang Nai, but was renamed in 1916 to Bang Pahan as the name of the central tambon.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Maha Rat, Nakhon Luang, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya and Bang Ban of Ayutthaya province, and Pa Mok of Ang Thong province.
2004 CJ Consortium, Shin Dong Bang Corp., CJ Internet, Planers (now CJ Internet), Hanil Pharmaceuticals Ind., feed plant in Turkey
Authors and poets including Margery Allingham, Mary Jo Bang, George Barker, Samit Basu, Quentin Crisp, David Gascoyne, Mengistu Lemma and Siddharth Dhanvant Sanghvi.
She has made several guest appearances on podcasts, including Doug Loves Movies, How Did This Get Made?, WTF with Marc Maron, You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes, The Todd Glass Show, The Lavender Hour, The Bone Zone with Brendon Walsh and Randy Liedtke, and Comedy Bang!
Before I could say anything he had pulled the trigger and bang whizzed the bullet that had remained inside the barrel without his knowledge.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Nakhon Luang and Phachi of Ayutthaya Province; Nong Khae of Saraburi province; Wang Noi, Bang Pa-in, and Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya of Ayutthaya.
Peasants were encouraged to bang pots and pans to scare sparrows into continuing flight, eventually killing them from exhaustion.
After "Cloudy Daze", Tom left Bang!
Finally, in February 2005, with a whole collection of new remixes, Bang!
Big Bang held their official debut on August 19, 2006, at Olympic Gymnastics Arena in Seoul during the YG Family 10th Anniversary Concert, which was broadcast the following month.
On February 8, 2007, Big Bang released their live concert album, The First / Real Live Concert, which sold 30,000 copies by the end of the year.
They also staged their Big Bang is Great concert, with tickets selling out in 10 minutes.
As 2007 came to a close, Big Bang ventured overseas to Japan.
Big Bang returned to South Korea after their promotions in Japan ended.
During the release of their Korean materials, Big Bang released the Japanese song, "Number 1", from their first Japanese studio album of the same name, performing the song on Japanese radio programs and TV shows; the album peaked at number three on the Japan's Oricon daily album chart.
At the end of 2008, it was reported that Big Bang earned a total of ₩36 billion ($34.5 million).
Big Bang also released their third endorsement digital single "So Fresh, So Cool" to promote the beer brand "Hite", although Seungri was not in the commercial due to the fact he was not of drinking age.
Kicking off the new year with the 2010 Big Show concert at Olympics Gymnastics Arena, Big Bang flew to Japan to embark on their Electric Love Tour.
Their third Japanese studio album, Big Bang 2 (2011) was preceded with three singles: , "Tell Me Goodbye", and "Beautiful Hangover".
After nearly two-year hiatus as a full group, Big Bang returned to South Korea with their 2011 Big Show concert, showcasing songs from the upcoming EP Tonight.
Seven days after the album's release, it was reported that Big Bang had already earned ₩7 billion (US$6.6 million).
After promotions for Tonight was finished, Big Bang released a special edition album with two new tracks: the chart-topper "Love Song" and the top 3 "Stupid Liar".
At the 2011 MTV EMAs, Big Bang won the Best Worldwide Act award as representatives of the Asia-Pacific region with over 58 million votes.
This was followed by a release of their third Greatest Hits album The Best of Big Bang (2011) on December 14, which contained a Japanese version of "Haru Haru".
It was reported that Big Bang earned ₩78 billion (US$69.4 million) in 2011 even though they had just promoted for half a year.
Internationally, Big Bang obtained five spots out of the top-ten on Billboard K-pop's Hot 100 and charted at no.
It was directed by renowned choreographer Laurieann Gibson, with Big Bang performing at 21 cities in over 13 countries, with a total attendance of 800,000 people.
Following the success of their comeback, Big Bang released a special edition album titled Still Alive on June 3.
On November 30, 2012, Big Bang received a total of three awards at the 14th Mnet Asian Music Awards, including Best Male Group and Artist of the Year.
Big Bang reunited in November 2013 for their Japan Dome Tour, holding concerts in six different dome arenas in Japan, being the first foreign act to do so.
By the end of 2014, Big Bang was the Korean artist that attracted the most concertgoers in Japan for the year and the second act overall.
To promote their singles, Big Bang embarked on their second world tour which received critical acclaim and was commercially successful.
By the end of the year, Big Bang had earned over ₩150 billion (US$120 million).
Big Bang continued touring into 2016 for their Made V.I.P Tour, visiting China, Macau, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and the United States.
The tour drew 781,500 attendees from 16 concerts in Japan, and made Big Bang the act with the biggest concert mobilization power for the year in Japan, the first time a foreign act has topped the list.
In 2017, YG Entertainment released a reality program starring the group named Run, Big Bang Scout!
On March 11, 2019, Seungri announced his retirement from the entertainment industry due to scandals surrounding the Burning Sun nightclub, resulting in his departure from Big Bang.
On January 3, 2020, it was announced that Big Bang would be performing at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, which would have marked their first performance as a group in three years.
Big Bang have been praised for their individuality and ability to fuse a pop sound with rap, R&B and dance elements.
In "Let's Not Fall in Love", Big Bang was complimented for being at "their most tender", with the song being described as having a "lush production that evokes a range of emotions".
The Chosun Ilbo explained their "strong lead among idol groups" as a result of the quality of their music, noting that "whenever Big Bang promotes new songs, they want to introduce something new and tell us new stories."
Internationally, Big Bang is often referred to as a "K-pop" group, a label which they do not appreciate, with G-Dragon commenting that, "We are Korean, so obviously they call our music K-pop.
The rapper himself describes Big Bang as "an idol group not born of talent but through effort."
Big Bang has received praise for their stage presence and choreographies during live performances.
Seen wearing brands such as Bape, 10 deep, Louis Vuitton, Jeremy Scott, and Phenomenon, Big Bang would also wear custom-printed hoodies for many of their performances and music videos.
Described as the "most fashionable" one in the group, G-Dragon was known to sport triangular scarves that were later nicknamed "Big Bang scarves" during their promotion of the single "Lies".
In 2011, BBC declared that "K-pop bands, including Big Bang, are making their mark around the world", citing the group's contribution to YG Entertainment's economic growth.
The Michigan Daily have described Big Bang as a rare group that "both innovates and defines the direction a genre takes", affirming that the group and its solo acts "have left a musical imprint that has affected the global music market."
Los Angeles Times praised their constant re-imagination of sound and image, calling Big Bang as "one of the most inventive, aesthetically visionary acts in its genre."
In recognition of their global popularity, Big Bang is a prominent face of South Korea when it comes to tourism.
Big Bang was named one of the most influential artists to impact the Hallyu Wave by The Korea Herald, being among the acts that best represent K-pop, and the "Top Male Idol Group in the Past 20 Years" in Dong-a Ilbo's survey of both the Korean public and music critics.
Filipino singer-actress Glaiza de Castro draws inspirations from Big Bang and their stage presence when performing original Pilipino music and acting.
Rapper BewhY, the winner of Show Me the Money 5, revealed he started rapping after listening to Big Bang, while IU started gaining popularity after covering songs by the quintet.
Dubbed "Big Bang fashion", their style has gained a following throughout Asia and made them a cultural phenomenon in South Korea.
Big Bang became the first and only Korean act to win an award at the MTV Italian Music Awards when they took home the Best Artist from the World award in 2016.
In 2014, the tenth anniversary of the digital music market release in South Korea, Big Bang was revealed to be the second act with the most digital hit songs in history.
Behind the scenes footage from the tour was documented in their first film, Big Bang Made, which became the most viewed music documentary in Korea.
With their Last Dance Tour in 2017, Big Bang broke their own record of being the first foreign act to hold a Japanese dome tour for five consecutive years.
In Korea, the album had two singles to date: a song called "Look" featuring Ak'Sent, and  "좋아" (OK) featuring Seungri of the Korean Pop group, Big Bang.
The district was originally part of Nakhon Luang Noi district (now named Bang Pahan), and was established as a separate district in 1895.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise) Don Phut of Saraburi province and Tha Ruea, Phachi, Uthai, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya and Bang Pahan of Ayutthaya Province.
Tambon Lat Bua Luang was separated from Amphoe Bang Sai and officially upgraded to a district in 1947.
Bang Sai (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Ayutthaya province, central Thailand.
There is another district of Ayutthaya which shares the same romanization Bang Sai, but has a different spelling in Thai.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Phak Hai, Sena and Lat Bua Luang of Ayutthaya Province, and Bang Pla Ma of Suphanburi province.
The district Bang Ban is divided into 16 sub-districts (tambon), which are further subdivided into 111 administrative villages (Muban).
Nam Tao (Thai: ) consisting of the sub-districts Nam Tao, Thang Chang, Wat Taku, Bang Luang.
Bang Sai (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the southern part of Ayutthaya province, central Thailand.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Khai Bang Rachan, Mueang Sing Buri and Phrom Buri of Sing Buri Province, and Chaiyo and Pho Thong of Ang Thong province.
The government separated some tambons of Chum Saeng district, Tha Tako district, and Bang Mun Nak district of Phichit province to create the minor district (king amphoe) Nong Bua on 1 January 1948.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bang Mun Nak and Dong Charoen of Phichit province; Chon Daen and Bueng Sam Phan of Phetchabun province; and Phaisali, Tha Tako, and Chum Saeng of Nakhon Sawan Province.
Billy Bang, jazz violinist and composer
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Pho Thale and Bang Mun Nak of Phichit province, Nong Bua, Tha Tako, Mueang Nakhon Sawan and Kao Liao of Nakhon Sawan Province.
King Rama V ordered a canal, Khlong Rangsit, to be built for agricultural purposes for the people in the Thung Luang and Bang Wai area.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bang Pa-in and Wang Noi of Ayutthaya province; Nong Suea, Thanyaburi, Mueang Pathum Thani, and Sam Khok of Pathum Thani Province.
2002: Emiliano Sciarra's Wild West-themed card game Bang!, for Best of Show
In 2016, the paper was shuttered, when BANG merged numerous East Bay papers into the East Bay Times.
Aberdeen Press and Journal commented on the song, that "they can still bang out a decent tune."
Their work for Lost in Oz won Bang Zoom!
On April 26, 2010, Bang Zoom!
In 2016, the  band came back with a bang by releasing a tribute videos for their fans “ Teri Har hum” and continued performing in  concerts.
Richards then uses a weapon known as the "Nevada gun" and teleports the latent energy of a Big Bang into the heart of the Gah Lak Tus swarm.
Its biggest event that year was The Big Bang at Glasgow's SECC Centre in November.
 Khon San (Thai: ) consisting of parts of subdistricts Khon San and Dong Bang.
At the final conference of the National Council for Cultural Heritage held in Vietnam in 2007, scientists attending the meeting highly praised the scientific documentation of Phong Nha-Ke Bang park.
This road will link World Heritage Sites in the Middle of Vietnam, namely: Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park (Quang Binh province), ancient capital of Huế, ancient trade port city of Hoi An (Quang Nam province) and My Son Champa ancient capital.
| The Big Bang Machine| Presenter
"New York Shit" is a song by American rapper Busta Rhymes, released July 10, 2006 as the third single from his seventh studio album The Big Bang (2006).
After the two-month time-skip, it is revealed from Bang Ja's letters that Sando has parted ways and is still using her fighting skills to extinguish evil.
Bang Ja (房子/방자)
When his master and his sando were later killed in a rebel uprising against a corrupt lord, Bang Ja began roaming the country as a thief.
He is a third-rate Magician who summons animals to do his bidding, and he deeply takes his role as a Bang Ja seriously.
Bang Ja finds it difficult that Munsu is in a coma state situation that he is a lifeless body.
After Yeongsil received the false information about the Mandrake cure, Bang Ja and Yeongsil traveled together to an icy mountain encountering Sando.
Having joined Aji Tae, Sando attacked Bang Ja and Yeongsil.
Fortunately, Bang Ja recovers when he hears Munsu's voice.
After Aji Tae's defeat and Munsu's death, Bang Ja writes a letter to Munsu, recommitting himself to fight for the ideal world that Munsu had talked about.
Kunal Nayyar – actor, plays  Raj on CBS's Big Bang Theory
The school occupies three campuses in the Bang Phongphang Sub-district of Yan Nawa District.
She uses it to bang on the planet with the shout, "Keep the noise down!"
She co-presented the BBC factual series Bang Goes the Theory from 2009 until 2014 and since 2013, has co-presented Countrywise for ITV.
She presented the show Gadgets, Gadgets, Gadgets in 2005 and co-presented the BBC science series Bang Goes the Theory on BBC One from 2009 until 2014.
 Ruyi Jingu Bang 如意金箍棒 "as-desired gold banded cudgel" is a magical weapon of Sun Wukong in the ca.
 Bang D, Pentelute BL, Kent SB.
He is voiced by Jerry Jewell for Jimmy and Alison Viktorin for Conan in Funimation's English dub, and Griffin Burns for Jimmy and Wendee Lee for Conan in Bang Zoom!
In the anime, she is voiced by Wakana Yamazaki in the Japanese dub, and by Colleen Clinkenbeard in Funimation's English dub and by Cristina Vee in Bang Zoom!
His English voice actor for Funimation is R. Bruce Elliott and Xander Mobus for Bang Zoom.
His Japanese voice actress are Ikue Ōtani (mainly) and Ai Orikasa (episodes 425-436 and Case Closed: The Private Eyes' Requiem due to the former having maternity leave), while his English voice actor is Cynthia Cranz for Funimation and Erika Harlacher for Bang Zoom.
His Bang Zoom English voice actor is Andrew J. Russel.
Her Japanese voice actress is Megumi Hayashibara and her English voice actress is Brina Palencia for Funimation and Erica Mendez for Bang Zoom.
In the Bang Zoom English dub, he is voiced by Michael Sorich.
Her Japanese voice actress is Naoko Matsui and her English voice actress is Laura Bailey for Funimation and Minx Le for Bang Zoom.
His Japanese voice actor is Ryo Horikawa and his English voice actor is Kevin M. Connolly for Funimation and Lucien Dodge for Bang Zoom.
Her Japanese voice actress is Yūko Miyamura and her English voice actress is Gwendolyn Lau for Funimation and Kayli Mills for Bang Zoom.
His Japanese voice actor is Yukitoshi Hori and his English voice actor is Troy Baker for Funimation and D.C. Douglas for Bang Zoom.
Her Japanese voice actress is Atsuko Yuya and her English voice actress is Kate Oxley for Funimation and Katelyn Gault for Bang Zoom.
His English voice actor is Doug Burks for Funimation and Christopher Bevins for Bang Zoom.
His English voice actor is Eric Vale for Funimation and Greg Chun for Bang Zoom.
His Japanese voice actor is Isshin Chiba and his English voice actor is Chris Cason for Funimation and Jason Charles Miller for Bang Zoom.
Her Japanese voice actress is Sumi Shimamoto and her English voice actress is Laurie Steele for Funimation and Erika Harlacher for Bang Zoom.
Her Japanese voice actress was Gara Takashima and her English voice actress is Julie Mayfield for Funimation and Jane Alan for Bang Zoom.
His Japanese voice actor is Kappei Yamaguchi and his English voice actor is Jerry Jewell for Funimation and Griffin Burns for Bang Zoom.
This attempt nearly triggered the end of the universe when the experiment caused a second Big Bang that came close to annihilating everything before a small group of Avengers Captain America, Iron Man, Thor, Spider-Man and Sersi were able to escape the destruction and shut down the equipment in time to negate the unmaking of existence.
It was brought out again by Richards for the 2005-2007 A Bigger Bang Tour.
Modern Gujarati prose was ushered in with a bang by Narmad, but K.M.
Nazarbayev appointed Chan-Young Bang, his former economic advisor president, as the institute's first executive director.
In 2004, KIMEP became a private, non-profit educational institution, with a 60% stake held by Dr. Bang and a 40% held by the Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
In 2011, the Bang College of Business received regional (level II) accreditation from the Asian Forum on Business Education.
The Bang College of Business has received regional (level II) accreditation from the Asian Forum on Business Education, making KIMEP the first academic institution in Central Asia to receive this honor.
 Bang College of Business: member of AACSB International, the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business; member of AFBE, Asian Forum on Business Education; member of American Chamber of Commerce
Responding in the same newspaper, Bang claimed that the accusations by the former faculty were not true.
Lindsay told Jon Peake from Inside Soap that "when the Brookie producers asked me back, I knew it was going to be with a bang."
Since the initial publication of these results, Tifft's findings have been used by others, such as Halton Arp, in making an alternative explanation to the Big Bang Theory, which states that galaxies are redshifted because the universe is expanding.
Bang is the sixth studio album by James Gang, released in 1973.
In 1917, after completing his studies abroad and the customary period of monasticism, Prince Prajadhipok and Princess Rambai Barni were married at Bang Pa-In Palace and given the blessings of her new brother-in-law, King Vajiravudh.
He also wrote the book Legendary Bim Bang, the man who invented music.
Bang the Drum Loudly (Thomas Pasatieri) (1994)
Slap in the Face (Tic Tic Bang, 1996)
 Information about Morocco Bound and Go Bang
In April 2007, Jizzy toured the UK as Love/Hate, with Pretty Boy Floyd and Bang Tango in support.
The cast included Georgia Caine as Nora, Jobyna Howland as Lord Punchestown, May Robson as Mrs. Bang and Flora Zabelle as Isabel Blyth.
21 - Lady Punchestown, Pyke, Mrs. Bang, & Hooker - "Now how shall we try to stop this lad?"
26 - Mrs. Bang & Chorus - "Although I'm British born, I do not look with scorn on foreigners as such" 
"In the Ghetto" is the fourth and final single from Busta Rhymes' album The Big Bang, and features R&B singer Rick James.
Big Bang Comics is a superhero tabletop role-playing game, written by Chris Carter and published by Pisces All Media in 2006.
Players may create new heroes or take the part of existing heroes from Big Bang Comics.
The game rules use standard d20 skills with a large range of original "Feats", which in Big Bang include super powers and other abilities.
Laurence was a member of the electronic music duo Big Bang when he opened Trade.
Iain, Laurence’s band partner in Big Bang, sold tickets on the door.
‘It was the first place in England to play house music.’ Commercial recognition followed when his band, Big Bang, scored a couple of dance hits, which then indirectly led to his first club Xanadu at Turnmills.
After a meeting one day at 10 X Better, Big Bang popped into Turnmills with their agent for lunch.
After Trade closed, Laurence commissioned Iain from Big Bang to write a script for a stage production tentatively titled: TRADE – the Musical.
For the new offices, the company purchased land in Bang Na District and built a seven-storey building which can accommodate up to 750 staff.
In 1994, Berger designed the world's longest car bridge (at the time) in Thailand, The Bang Na Expressway.
In particular it makes no prediction of the cosmic microwave background radiation nor the abundance of light elements which are hallmark pieces of evidence that cosmologists agree support Big Bang cosmology over alternatives.
This is in contrast to the metric expansion of space that is the hallmark feature of many of the more famous cosmological models including the Big Bang and Steady State models.
In 1987 she appeared as a backing singer for the duo Bang.
This coincided with the debut of the seventh series of The Big Bang Theory, as well as the debut of original comedy Drifters.
Even though E4 has decided to move a lot of its acquired US programmes to overnight slots, the channel is still broadcasting repeats of The Big Bang Theory alongside new episodes of Rick and Morty and Young Sheldon in primetime slots, while repeats of Mike and Molly and Brooklyn Nine-Nine fill up the daytime schedule.
While a large part of this amount was provided by a new contract signed with CBS, the musicians still had to contribute to the financing of the production.Big Bang Mag The album was released in 1976.
In 2010, Chile nearly started the new decade with a bang, coming very close to defeating Oceania powerhouse Tonga, but losing 32–30.
"Last Farewell", a song by the South Korean pop band Big Bang, from their 2007 extended play Hot Issue
Syndicated programming on KNCT includes Dateline, 25 Words or Less, America's Court with Judge Ross, Friends, and The Big Bang Theory, among others.
He has also done voice work for ADV Films, Bang Zoom!
The two sisters are then seen performing the refrain to an audience on stage, when Nancy's piano collapses at the first bang of the chorus.
Through Cutters records he released "System Breakdown" in 2005, followed by the 12-inch single "B.T.T.T.T.R.Y" through Bang Gang in 2006.
 1976-05-04 A Bang or a Whimper
 Daibanchō: Big Bang Age (2003)
In the open model, there is one time singularity so time is limited at one end but unlimited at the other, while in the closed model there are two singularities that limit time at both ends (the Big Bang and Big Crunch).
 Best Versatile Performer: Jason Crew (Jet Set Fraternity Gang Bang 2 – Jet Set Productions)
He was a descendant of Liu Fei, the eldest son of the Han dynasty's founding emperor, Liu Bang (Emperor Gao).
1996 began with a bang in the WGP qualifier.
 "Slap Bang Here We Are Again"
Despite the departure of Michael Nylander in free agency, the 2007 free agency season started with a bang for the Rangers, with the signing of two high-profile centerman, Scott Gomez from New Jersey on a seven-year, $51.5 million contract, as well as Chris Drury from Buffalo on a five-year, $32.25 million deal.
"My Saltine" - Bang Tango
It has variable , increasing to a final constant value about a million years after the big bang.
Other notable alumni include Vivian Bang, Tim Chiou, Samantha Quan, and Eddie Shin.
The founder of the Han Dynasty Liu Bang was said to be fond of the war dance of the Ba people.
Bang Rachan (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Sing Buri province, central Thailand.
The word bang is a Thai word meaning 'home', 'village', or more specifically 'river village'.
Another possible connection is the Sanskrit word for king, "rajan", which may not be too far fetched since the king of Siam resided in Ayutthaya at the time of the Burmese–Siamese War (1765–1767) and could easily have visited or founded Bang Rachan, or it could even be the seat of a previous king.
The area of Bang Rachan district was mostly part of the historical Mueang Sing.
When the government re-established Mueang Sing, the area was divided into two districts, Bang Phutsa (now Mueang Sing Buri) and Sing.
The district was renamed Bang Rachan in 1939.
Khai Bang Rachan (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Sing Buri province, central Thailand.
They agreed to establish a new district to commemorate the battle at Bang Rachan.
The area was thus separated from Bang Rachan district and became a minor district (king amphoe) on 1 February 1972, then consisting of five sub-districts.
Khai Bang Rachan is divided into six sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 59 administrative villages (mubans).
The Bang Kham River (, , ) is a short tributary of the Lopburi River.
The exhibits includes both older and modern industrial designs like Bang & Olufsen, Kay Bojesen, Poul Henningsen, various lamp designs, ceramics and other categories.
"Everything from our family Tercel 4WD to the Bang & Olufsen stereo my mom came home with on a whim in 1979 had a soul or presence in my mind because they "affected" the world they existed in.
The Warlord tricked the King into setting aside his magic staff, Ruyi Jingu Bang, and transformed the immortal into a stone statue, but the King cast his staff far away before the transformation.
The dynamics of a weakless universe includes a period of Big Bang nucleosynthesis, star formation, stars with sufficient fuel to burn for billions of years, stellar nuclear synthesis of heavy elements and also supernovae that distribute the heavy elements into the interstellar medium.
In the weakless universe of Harnik, Kribs, and Perez this is overcome by ensuring a high primordial deuterium to hydrogen ratio during Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (BBN).
The tc1100 has made appearances on Joss Whedon's Dollhouse (TV series), The Big Bang Theory and the music video for Gimme Love by Joji.
 ARCADE – a balloon satellite experiment to measure the heating of the Universe by the first stars and galaxies after the Big Bang
Jonathan Boudreaux, a reviewer for TVDVDReviews.com, felt the episode was one of the season's strongest, thanks to the focus on characters, with "kryptonite taking a backseat"; he referred to "Tempest" as the "slam bang season ending cliffhanger".
The Buddha images displayed include a wooden copy of Phra Bang, the palladium of Laos.
He first appears in Big Bang Comics #1, and was created by Gary Carlson and Mark Lewis.
Vita-Man  first appears on the back cover of Big Bang #0 starring in the fictional Red Hot Comics #14.
After numerous reader requests to see Vita-Man in action, he finally gets his own story in Big Bang Comics #27.
Starting as a writer and performer in the later seasons of the sketch series Mr. Show, Aukerman is best known as the host of the weekly comedy podcast Comedy Bang!
Comedy Death-Ray/Comedy Bang!
In 2011, Aukerman and Porter parted ways, and the Comedy Death-Ray live show was renamed Comedy Bang!
In May 2011, Aukerman renamed the show Comedy Bang!
In 2018, Time Magazine named Comedy Bang!
On June 8, 2012 IFC premiered the television series Comedy Bang!
Bang!, hosted by Aukerman.
The scale is  where  is the time since the Big Bang expressed in years.
Graphical timeline of the Big Bang
Poots is a young earth creationist, rejecting the Big Bang theory and theory of evolution.
He has voiced multiple characters on animated family films such as The Queen's Corgi, Son of Bigfoot, Thunder and the House of Magic, and Space Jam as Bang the Monstar.
He wrote, "Erik has taken Cheryl Lynn's late Seventies dancefloor anthem and interpreted it in a bang up-to-date disco house style.
Mr. U.S. is a Big Bang Comics superhero who appeared in the Image Comics line, as its version of Captain America.
 BBC One - Bang Goes the Theory, Series 6, Episode 5, Transmitting power without wires BBC/Lighthouse DEV Eye-safe Laser Based Power Beaming Demo
The main known gravitational-wave emitting systems within the sensibility of ground-base interferometers are: black hole and/or neutron star binary mergers, rotating neutron stars, bursts and supernovae explosions, and even the gravitational-wave background due to the Big Bang.
However, cosmological models predict the emission of gravitational waves generated instants after the Big Bang.
 2005 (2005, Bang, CD)
Barrett began his career as a child actor, appearing on BBC children's television and in films such as Bang!
Serene (phone), a telephone jointly developed by Samsung and Bang & Olufsen
He has been a major character in Larsen's self-created title Savage Dragon and its spin-off Freak Force, as well as in Gary Carlson's Big Bang Comics series.
 Bang Kaphong (บางกะโพ้ง; 2007) 
The queen and her daughter Kannabhorn Bejaratana drowned when the steam boat Marawan collided with their royal boat towed by the steam yacht Pan Marut on the way to the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace (Summer Palace).
After her husband died, she moved to her son's palace, Bang Khun Phrom.
In 2005, Venue Publishing established an in-house design agency, Bang, offering design services to external clients.
bang snaps shrub) inserted fittingly into the song.
She performed along with 20 famous Japanese singers and some from Asian countries such as: China, Indonesia, Korea,...In this festival, she performed three songs in total which were Bang Khuang, Socola, and Ngau Hung Song Hong.
 Daibanchou -Big Bang Age-
Beacon is the name of two fictional characters published by Big Bang Comics.
Both characters first appear in Big Bang Comics #3 (October 1994), and were created by Bud Hanzel, Chris Ecker and Steve Adams.
In Big Bang #4 (1994), an enemy of the Atomic Sub known as The Sub-Human returned to exterminate the Roundtable after a humiliating defeat by The Sub many years ago.
 Bang It Out feat.
Under the invitation of the Chief Director and Curator, Nathalie Bondil, Jeannot Painchaud is chosen as one of the 20 artists participating in the Big Bang : carte blanche à la créativité exposition which was presented at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts from November 6, 2011 to January 22, 2012.
The oneshot specials are collected in Bomb Queen: Gang Bang (Trade Paper Back) and Bomb Queen Deluxe Edition Volume 4 (Hardcover Edition).
2006 - "Big Bang (by Enneri Blaka, lead vocals in "White Coats", spoken word and theremin in "Blue Collars")
 Georges Lemaître – deviser of the Big Bang Theory
 David Lang, composer and founder of Bang on a Can
 KTVT: Slam Bang Theatre (with Bill "Icky Twerp" Camfield)
He has also guest-starred on The Big Bang Theory, Rizzoli & Isles, Hannah Montana, Castle, Entourage, Hot in Cleveland, CSI: NY, and other shows.
In 2010, Jones released two EPs: The Distance in Between, and Crash, Boom, Bang, which was released exclusively through NoiseTrade.
Crash, Boom, Bang was a collection of songs either that did not make the cut on Swallow the Sea or were not finished enough to be included.
Sonic briefly altered history so Robotnik was never formed, but had to change it back to stop the mythos creatures altering the Big Bang.
  Bang Yeol - 1982–1983
She would later joke: "The day I arrived in New York, in October 1929, the stock market crashed with a bang."
Former BulletBoys guitarist DJ Ashba and Bang Tango vocalist Joe LeSte first formed Beautiful Creatures, initially as Hellstar, in 1999.
When Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao (พ่อขุนบางกลางหาว) and a friend established the Sukhothai Kingdom, he supported his friend to be the first king because his wife was Khmer.
Bang is a story about an unnamed young woman living in Los Angeles, played by Darling Narita.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Lat Bua Luang and Bang Sai of Ayutthaya province; Khlong Luang, Mueang Pathum Thani, and Lat Lum Kaeo of Pathum Thani Province.
Christopher Bevins is an American voice actor, ADR director and scriptwriter who has worked on English language adaptations of Japanese anime shows for Funimation and Bang Zoom!
He and Jennifer Chen posit that the Big Bang is not a unique occurrence as a result of all of the matter and energy in the universe originating in a singularity at the beginning of time, but rather one of many cosmic inflation events resulting from quantum fluctuations of vacuum energy in a cold de Sitter space.
I jumped at him and bang.
non-rotating uncharged black-holes or cosmologies with a Big Bang.
In the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, a joke is told by Dr. Leonard Hofstadter with the punchline mentioning "spherical chickens in a vacuum", in The Cooper-Hofstadter Polarization episode.
In an episode of The Big Bang Theory, Leonard and Penny watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer in the hopes that it will be a common interest, but although Leonard enjoys it, Penny cares little for it.
In the past, the district was called Bang Kadi District after the name of central tambon, as required by the Law of 1897.
Bang Pla Ma (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the southern part of Suphan Buri province, central Thailand.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Phak Hai and Bang Sai of Ayutthaya province, Song Phi Nong, U Thong and Mueang Suphan Buri of Suphan Buri Province.
The district Bang Pla Ma is subdivided into 14 subdistrict (tambon), which are further subdivided into 127 administrative villages (muban).
The township (thesaban tambon) Pa Mok covers tambons Pa Mok and Bang Pla Kot.
Protoplasman is the comic-relief superhero of the Big Bang world, who works closely with Knight Watchman either as a partner or as an assistant.
Since Big Bang Comics began self-publishing, Protoplasman has become a favourite with fans, with a sense of humor derived from Plastic Man (on whom he was based) and the zany attitude of Canadian actor Jim Carrey.
The government thus moved the central tambon of the mueang to Bang Kaeo, on the Chao Phraya River bank and called the new area Ang Thong.
Bang Len (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the northern part of Nakhon Pathom province, central Thailand.
The district was created in 1896 under the name Bang Phai Nat (บางไผ่นารถ).
Later the government moved the central district to Tambon Bang Pla on the west bank of the Tha Chin.
In 1939 the district was again renamed and received its current name Bang Len.
The district office was moved to Tambon Bang Len in 1978.
The 20 billion baht airport would occupy 3,500 rai of land in Bang Len as well as Nakhon Chai Si District.
Noch tobt die Welt und ruhet nicht, / ist gar unsinnig worden, / vil lügen sie auff uns erdicht, / mit brennen und mit morden / thut sie uns bang.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bang Len, Phutthamonthon, Sam Phran, Mueang Nakhon Pathom, and Don Tum.
The 20 billion baht airport would occupy 3,500 rai of land in Nakhon Chai Si District as well as Bang Len.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Bang Len, Nakhon Chai Si, Mueang Nakhon Pathom and Kamphaeng Saen.
 The Preview (EP), a 2010 EP by Chiddy Bang
Doem Bang Nang Buat (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the northern part of Suphan Buri province, central Thailand.
Two tambons of Hankha district, Chai Nat province and two tambons of Bang Rachan district, Sing Buri province were added.
The main water resource of Doem Bang Nang Buat is the Tha Chin River or Suphan River.
Khao Phra (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-districts Khao Phra, Doem Bang.
Wat Khao Nang Buat (Thai: ) is another ancient temple of the district, believed to be the temple of Phra Ajarn Thammachote, a monk in the Ayutthaya period that was respected by the villagers of Bang Rachan.
In 1911 when the government separated part of Nang Buat District and established Doem Bang district, it also moved the district office to Ban Sam Pheng, Tambon Sam Chuk.
Neighbouring districts are (from the south clockwise): Si Prachan, Don Chedi, Nong Ya Sai and Doem Bang Nang Buat of Suphan Buri Province, and Sawaeng Ha of Ang Thong province.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Don Chedi, Mueang Suphan Buri, Bang Pla Ma, Song Phi Nong of Suphan Buri Province; Lao Khwan, Huai Krachao, and Phanom Thuan of Kanchanaburi province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Dan Chang, Doem Bang Nang Buat, Sam Chuk, and Don Chedi of Suphan Buri Province, and Lao Khwan of Kanchanaburi province
The next year, subdistrict Nong Makha Mong was transferred from Doem Bang Nang Buat to the minor district.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Ban Rai of Uthai Thani province; Noen Kham of Chainat province; Doem Bang Nang Buat and Nong Ya Sai of Suphan Buri Province; and Lao Khwan, Nong Prue, and Si Sawat of Kanchanaburi province.
 Aarti Mann (1996), television actress on CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory
Slap Bang with Ant & Dec was a short lived television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in 2001.
They finished their next play with a bang, as Losman found Roscoe Parrish for a short completion, who then juked past a defender and sprinted into the end zone for a 7–0 Bills lead just 55 seconds into the game.
Previous performers at Midnight Madness have included Dev, and rap-duo Chiddy Bang.
He shut the door with such a bang that the castle woke.
In the Rattanakosin era, King Rama II established a Mueang Bang Nang Rom, which had its city hall in Kui Buri.
NHK Documentaries Puppet Theater Resilience Against Disaster Rise and Shine The Digital Cosmic Encyclopedia  The Beauties of Nature Sacred Monuments of Asia Science of the Kitchen Science Sleuth The Adventures of "Mecha-Rappa" the Cosmic Rover The World of Mathematics Traditional Japanese Culture Traditional Japanese Sports Tokyo Know How Whiz Bang Science World of Wonders Wonderful Science 
Paltrow's most prominent job was directing some NYPD Blue episodes, such as: Andy Appleseed (2003), Brothers Under Arms (2000) and Big Bang Theory (1999), following in his father's footsteps as a television director.
"Boston" continued to be used on television into 2007, including in episodes of the series Scrubs, Shark, and The Big Bang Theory.
Bang Saphan dates back to the Ayutthaya Kingdom.
Later the king changed the name to Bang Saphan.
Bang Saphan Noi (, ) is the southernmost district (amphoe) of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, central Thailand.
Neighboring districts are Bang Saphan to the north, to the south the districts Tha Sae and Pathio of Chumphon province.
The area of Thap Sakae was separated from Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan and Bang Saphan district.
Neighboring districts are Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan to the north and Bang Saphan to the south.
 147 William Hooker – Billy Bang Duo – Joy (Within)!
 155 Sirone Bang Ensemble – Configuration
Lyrics used in the March 29, 2012 episode of The Big Bang Theory as a "test" that the character of Raj Koothrappali could be gay.
Its emission of Lyman alpha radiation has a redshift of 6.96, corresponding to just 750 million years after the Big Bang.
In 1926 the government added Tambons Tha Mai, Bang Yang, Nong Kok Khai, and Om Noi of Sam Phran district, Nakhon Pathom province to the district.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Sam Phran of Nakhon Pathom province; Krathum Baen and Mueang Samut Sakhon of Samut Sakhon Province; Mueang Samut Songkhram of Samut Songkhram province; Damnoen Saduak and Bang Phae of Ratchaburi province.
Bang Pla is a subdistrict municipality (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of the same-named subdistrict.
Three other subdistricts completely form a subdistrict municipality: Na Di, Bang Ya Phraek and Tha Chin.
Whereas the images are a delight, the story itself has its problems: Although it starts off with a bang and has several tong-in-cheek references to the 'classic' Buck Danny adventures (Buck's wingman on the Kuznetsov is a Volga German named Tumbler who later turns out to be a traitor), the story fizzles toward the end.
The sub-district municipality (thesaban tambon) Khao Yoi covers parts of tambons Khao Yoi, Sa Phang, Bang Khem, and Thap Khang.
Bang Lang National Park is on the Thailand side of the border.
A red-haired ghost has reportedly been seen in mirrors, and doors tend to bang in the middle of the night.
| The Big Bang TheoryGame of Thrones|-
"Big Bang Baby" is a song featured on Tiny Music...
"Big Bang Baby" also appears on the greatest hits album Thank You.
In 1921 the district was renamed Bang Phra after the name of the central tambon.
Trat itself has town (thesaban mueang) status and covers the tambon Bang Phra and part of Wang Krachae.
It is the site of the Bang Lang Dam and reservoir.
He also appeared in The Big Bang Theory on the Season 10 premiere episode as Penny’s older brother, Randall.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Bang Saphan Noi of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, Pathio and Mueang Chumphon of Chumphon Province, and Kra Buri of Ranong province.
In the early-Rattanakosin era, King Rama II established Mueang Bang Nang Rom at the mouth of the Nang Rom canal.
In the reign of Mongkut, King Rama IV, Bang Nang Rom, Kui, and Klong Wan towns were merged into Prachuap Khiri Khan, meaning 'town with clusters of mountains'.
Noted in books such as Bang Your Head: The Rise and Fall of Heavy Metal, the concert also showcased the ego clashes which eventually helped lead to the collapse of glam metal shortly thereafter.
In 2014, Indigo 91.9's Morning Show with RJ Michelle and Nathan, won bronze at the Big Bang Awards.
 "There Must Be a Better Life" (Biff Bang Pow) - 3:05
The Billy Bang Book by Mabel Guinnip La Rue (1927)
Its discovery shows that water has been prevalent in the known universe for nearly its entire existence; the radiation was emitted 1.6 billion years after the Big Bang.
He also contributed to Careless Talk Costs Lives and Plan B, both edited by his former Melody Maker colleague Everett True, as well as 1990s pop-cultural magazine Ikon and early 2000s music monthly Bang.
 "Big Bang Baby" (Stone Temple Pilots)
In 1999, he collaborated with Bang on a Can on an opera entitled, The Carbon Copy Building.
 Bang on a Can: The Carbon Copy Building
The first round is always Bang On!
The piece is a twelve-foot-wide by ten-foot-high chandelier of chrome and transparent glass modeled on the 1960s Lobmeyr design for the chandeliers found in Lincoln Center, and evoking as well the Big Bang theory.
 Mark Cendrowski(1977) – television director best known for his work on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Halpern published Einstein's Dice and Schrödinger's Cat in 2015, The Quantum Labyrinth: How Richard Feynman and John Wheeler Revolutionized Time and Reality in 2017, Synchronicity: The Epic Quest to Understand the Quantum Nature of Cause and Effect in 2020, and Flashes of Creation: George Gamow, Fred Hoyle, and the Great Big Bang Debate in 2021.
He received his degree from Yale University and won a commission from Bang on a Can in 1999.
Elk Creek flows through Centre County, rising in a valley between Hough Mountain and Brush Mountain, east of Livonia, and flowing west-southwest through Brush Valley, passing the villages of Smullton and Rebersburg, before turning south at Spring Bang to cut through Brush Mountain and Shriner Mountain.
Ali Sadikin (July 7, 1927 – May 20, 2008), also known by his nickname, Bang Ali, was an Indonesian politician of Sundanese descent, who served as the Governor of Jakarta from 1966 until 1977, as the longest serving governor in the province's history.
Pers Bertanya, Bang Ali Menjawab (Indonesian) by Ali Sadikin, Ramadhan K. H. Pustaka Jaya.
Bang Nak, Mueang Narathiwat, Narathiwat 96000, Thailand
"Life in the Fast Lane" contains a sample of "The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament.
The core of that band split off to form the outfit Love Bang in 1991.
 Various Artists – Time Bomb: Fleshtones Present The Big Bang Theory (1988)
Racha Thewa (, ) is a commune (tambon) in Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan province, Thailand.
Neighbouring districts are (from the south clockwise): Bang Pla Ma, U Thong, Don Chedi, Si Prachan of Suphan Buri Province; Wiset Chai Chan of Ang Thong province; and Phak Hai of Ayutthaya province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Kamphaeng Saen, Don Tum, Nakhon Chai Si, Sam Phran of Nakhon Pathom province; Bang Phae, Photharam and Ban Pong of Ratchaburi province.
During system software development, a light-pen was duct-taped to the status LED on one board and a timer interrupt was used to bit bang a serial port.
was a partnership between Flow and Afterglow from the BanG Dream!
Bang or Bounce or Thump: A ball spiked very hard with a steep downward angle.
Raghav reported that for China's online community, "India" is a combined construct of the character Rajesh Koothrappali from the sitcom Big Bang Theory, the comedian Russell Peters, images of overcrowded Indian train with people hanging off the sides, and dead bodies floating down the river Ganges.
"The country's agriculture minister recently announced bans on poultry imports and the transport of birds [and] the Phichit Provincial Livestock Office declared the Bang Mulnarg district an avian flu-infected area, which allows officials to conduct full-scale disease control efforts, including culling, quarantine, screening, and disinfection of affected sites."
 "Biff Bang Pow" (The Creation) – 2:26
After playing a good character in Biritera, she went back to playing villainous roles in the afternoon drama series Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
 1991 – Magdallan – Big Bang
  including the Nobel Lecture on 8 December 2006 From the Big Bang to the Nobel Prize and Beyond
This work helped further the Big Bang theory of the universe using the Cosmic Background Explorer (COBE) satellite.
Smoot is credited by Mickey Hart for inspiring the album Mysterium Tremendum, which is based, in part on "sounds" that can be extracted from the background signature of the Big Bang.
They are Skeleton Bang, David Wainwright’s Feet, The Monkeys Are Breaking Out The Zoo, Mud and The Big Ol Bug Is The New Baby Now.
"Car Wash" (Christina Aguilera featuring Missy Elliott) (additional production by Christina Aguilera, Ron Fair, T. Herzberg, C. Styles, Bang Out, Silence)
Later in the year, she joined the BanG Dream!
This has been employed in recent years by artists such as Daft Punk (who also use vocoders and talk boxes), T-Pain, Kanye West, the Italian dance/pop group Eiffel 65, Japanese electropop acts Aira Mitsuki, Saori@destiny, Capsule, Meg and Perfume, and some Korean pop groups, most specifically 2NE1 and Big Bang.
Since its inception, the ARL was intended to be extended north to the new SRT Bang Sue Intercity Terminal (under construction) and ultimately Don Mueang Airport (DMK).
In 2017 that the Thai Government decided that the new Eastern high speed line would originate at Don Mueang Airport, and not Bang Sue Terminal.
In early 2018, the SRT stated that the Eastern HSR line section from Phaya Thai to Bang Sue and Don Mueang Airport is expected to be tendered by May 2018 with a 4 months auction period before the successful bidder is awarded.
 "No Bang No More " (1996)
Three major rebellions led by Rentap (1853), Liu Shan Bang (1857) and Syarif Masahor (1860) shook the Rajah's administration which, together with the stagnant economic conditions at the time, caused Brooke to be plagued by debt.
Deyhim has performed with international orchestras such as the Polish Radio Orchestra and the Kraków Philharmonic and has received commissions as a composer from international ensembles such as Bang on a Can.
Bang Young-ung (born July 20, 1942) is a South Korean novelist whose works focus on affectionately portraying the lives of ordinary people in contemporary South Korea.
Bang Yeong-ung was born on July 20, 1942 in Yesan, Chungcheongnam-doo.
Bang deals with the lives of lower middle-class and working-class Koreans.
A degree of fatalism can be detected in“The Story of Bullye” (Bullyegi, 1967) and The Moon (Dal), but certain hopefulness persists throughout the body of Bang Yeong-ung's work.
Abbé Georges Lemaître developed his "primeval atom" hypothesis, together with researchers of the University of Louvain, and Gamow, Alpher and Herman into the better known Big Bang theory of the origin of the universe.
Track 9 recorded live at Bang Your Head II, Stefan Hartmannhalle, Tübingen, Germany, September 14, 1997.
After moving to London, McGee formed a new band, Biff Bang Pow!, taking their name from a song by one of his favourite bands, The Creation.
came with a flexi-disc featuring Laughing Apple's "Wouldn't You", a song that would later appear on the first Biff Bang Pow!
The initial Biff Bang Pow!
With Biff Bang Pow!, however, McGee continued with guitar pop, becoming increasingly melancholy with releases such as Oblivion (1987), Love Is Forever (1988), Songs For The Sad Eyed Girl (1990), and Me (1991), which proved to be the last album proper by the band.
Due to the time travelling nature of the show, the Whoniverse setting has been covered across points from its formation in a big bang event (in 1983's Terminus and the 1985 audio drama Slipback), to its heat death in the year "100 trillion" (in 2007's "Utopia).
This is the timeline of the Universe from Big Bang to Heat Death scenario.
He also starred as the main character, Thomas, in Joy Division and as Lieutenant Addis in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang.
JB finally remembers his past with Celine and chooses her over Jackie... just as Celine gives up on a relationship with JB and decides to go after the Romero account so she can resign 'with a bang.'
The Universe Began With a Big Melt, Not a Big Bang, Nautilus, Issue 53, 5 October 2017
Alongside these foreign residentials there are many trips in the Humanities, Design Technology and Science departments, including the Science Museum, the Big Bang show, The V&A and Design Museum, The Clothes Show, as well as the Eden Project Stretch and Challenge trip.
The old city hall was in Ban Khai, Tambon Bang Thong, Thai Mueang district.
In addition, Bang Jin-ui won an award for Outstanding Individual Performance, and Honorable Mention citations were earned by Will Aronson for Excellence in Writing: Music, Kang Kyoung-ae for Excellence in Writing: Book, Byun Jung-joo for Excellence in Direction, and the cast for Outstanding Ensemble Performance.
Post-Communist Economic Revolutions: How Big a Bang?
Arise should the stadium with club grounds near Bang Saen on a ten-rai area.
The first part of the book goes through the familiar territory of the scientist's 'Standard Model' of the universe from the Big Bang to the development of human life on Earth.
Launched and established in January 2012, the program takes scientific and research studies pertaining to quantum mechanics, deep space objects, dark matter and energy, supernova, nebulae and galaxies mentioned in the Big bang theory.
A student of Jascha Heifetz and former principal of the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra, Reynolds entered into the contemporary music scene in New York City as a member of Bang on a Can and Steve Reich and Musicians.
Its beat contains many samples including "The Payback (Intro)" by James Brown, "The Big Bang Theory" and "Theme From The Black Hole" by Parliament and "Dance Floor", "I Can Make You Dance" and "Computer Love" by Zapp.
 The Cambrian explosion: biology’s big bang, Stephen C. Meyer, Marcus Ross, Paul Nelson, & Paul Chien
In 2019, Bang Chan, the leader of the Australian-Korean K-pop boy group Stray Kids under JYP Entertainment, mentioned this song during a live broadcast on the website 'V LIVE', which was titled '찬이의 "방"'.
Bang Chan named this song as one of his song recommendations.
Other TV credits include  AMC's Breaking Bad, CBS's The Big Bang Theory, Netflix's Longmire, and Freeform's hit show, Pretty Little Liars.
The pirate "chief", Captain Bang, became the Pirate King in Pirates.
Bang was also a precursor to the Frederic character, having been mistakenly apprenticed to a pirate band as a child by his deaf nursemaid.
Similarly, Bang, like Frederic, has never seen a woman before.
Captain Bang also exhibits elements of H.M.S.
Bang explains that he is bound by his duty under his pirate indentures to execute his four new acquaintances.
German Reed recognises Captain Bang as his long lost son.
Nevertheless, Bang explains that by his articles of apprenticeship, he is bound to slaughter every prisoner he takes, and his indentures do not expire until the next day.
However, based on the party's present longitude, it is determined that Bang has just turned 21.
 "Para Bang Kahapon Lang"
The film premiered at the Broadway Cinema in Nottingham and was screened at the August 2006 Bang!
202 BC: Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han Dynasty, established Chang'an province as his capital; his first palace Changle Palace () was built across the river from the ruin of the Qin capital.
200 BC: Emperor Liu Bang built Weiyang Palace in Chang'an.
 A Bing Bang Holidang (1999)
A Bing Bang Holidang is a charity holiday music album by Bleu.
At this, there is a bang and she faints and falls off the chair.
In April 2018, she appears in the Filipino horror-comedy film Da One That Ghost Away directed by Tony Y. Reyes together with Ryan Bang, Enzo Pineda and the duo of Maymay Entrata and Edward Barber.
They are all wiped out by a Big Bang as a new universe is created.
The cap-firing modelguns besides highly replicate the appearance and internal mechanism as real guns like the dummy version, they are also able to "fire" the cartridge to produce spark, smoke, bang sound and slide cycling action (blowback) on automatic models.
The "firing" of the cap inside the cartridge of commonly available modelguns today produces the visual effect of sparks/smoke, audible effect of bang sound and blowback action for automatic models.
Before the game, the Cal student section gave a raucous tribute to Nobel Prize winner George Smoot, who had just won a few days earlier for his research on the Big Bang.
2006 Gruber Cosmology Prize (awarded to John Mather and the COBE Team for "ground-breaking studies confirming that our universe was born in a hot Big Bang.")
In 1909 it was reassigned to Bang Nara Province, present-day Narathiwat Province.
According to Kaplan, "From calculations based on the expanding universe and other cosmological observations, modern science has concluded that the Big Bang occurred approximately 15 billion years ago.
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise) Pak Tho and Mueang Ratchaburi of Ratchaburi Province and Bang Khonthi and Amphawa of Samut Songkhram province.
 Bang Kruai-EGAT station, planned 2022
On television, Arthur has guest starred in shows such as Leap of Faith as "Claudia", four episodes of Alias as "Abigail" (a third Abrams collaboration), three episodes of Lost as "Michelle the flight attendant" (a fourth collaboration with Abrams), two episodes of The Big Bang Theory as "Mrs Petrescu" and one episode of Grey's Anatomy as "Brooke".
Bang Phae (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the eastern part of Ratchaburi province, western Thailand.
Bang Phae is considered the largest giant freshwater prawn (domestically known as river prawn, or indigo claws prawn) farming site in the country.
In 1836 the district office was relocated from the mouth of Bang Tanod canal to the east bank of the Mae Klong River opposite Wat Chaloem Art.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Bang Phae, Damnoen Saduak, Mueang Ratchaburi, and Chom Bueng of Ratchaburi Province; Tha Muang of Kanchanaburi province; Ban Pong of Ratchaburi Province; and Mueang Nakhon Pathom of Nakhon Pathom province.
In 1813 King Rama II ordered Chao Phraya Aphai Phuthon (เจ้าพระยาอภัยภูธร) to build a dam on the Chao Phraya River to manage water levels in Khlong Bang Kaeo for transportation all year.
In 1917 the district was renamed from Mueang to Bang Kaeo after the name of the central tambon.
The important water resources are the Chao Phraya and Khlong Bang Kaeo.
Ang Thong itself is a town (thesaban mueang) and covers tambons Talat Luang and Bang Kaeo as well as parts of tambons' Sala Daeng, Ban Hae, Ban It, Pho Sa, and Yansue.
 Heavy Pettin' – Big Bang
 The Bang Gang – Love Sells...
 Bang Tango – Love After Death
Hollinger says that "the book's subject is nothing less than the history of the universe, from Chaos and the Big Bang to the invention of the computer."
Psycho Café is the first full-length album from the band Bang Tango.
Bang Tango came in at number 36 on VH1's Hair Metal 100 Countdown list, which cited Psycho Café'' as "taking hair metal in a direction that, in large part, led to the genre's undoing."
is a live EP by the band Bang Tango.
The old district office of Ongkharak was in Tambon Bang O (now in Ban Na district).
Neighboring districts are (from the northeast clockwise): Ban Na and Mueang Nakhon Nayok of Nakhon Nayok Province; Ban Sang of Prachinburi province; Bang Nam Priao of Chachoengsao province; Lam Luk Ka, Thanyaburi, and Nong Suea of Pathum Thani province.
As the original district office in Tambon Bang O was inconvenient for transportation and prone for flooding, the government moved the office to Suwannason Road in 1965.
In the first episode he is killed by Koji using Mazinger Z's "Big Bang Punch".
Freshman classes are held at Bang Na campus in Phra Khanong District.
Most others classes are conducted at the main campus at Hua Mak, Bang Kapi District.
on the reissue of their 1989 album The Headless Children (as a bonus track), Styx on their 2005 album Big Bang Theory, and Helloween on their 1999 album Metal Jukebox.
2013 - Eclair Big Bang
He quickly followed that appearance with a repeat trip to South by Southwest where he was featured on the Comedy Bang!
Later that year the band released their second album Bang!
The term "Cao-vit" originated from the sounds of their calls or songs that villagers of Ngoc Khe, Phong Nam and Ngoc Con communes of Trung Khanh District, Cao Bang Province of Vietnam use to name for them.
He was the percussionist of the Bang on a Can All-Stars of New York City from 1992 to 2002, and from 2000 to 2004 served as Artistic Director of the Centre International de Percussion de Genève in Geneva, Switzerland.
The Kill Devil Hills also released a limited edition vinyl import version of Heathen Songs through Spanish record label Bang!
The band also embarked on a two-month European tour in late 2010 with the European release of Man, You Should Explode on vinyl through the Spanish label, Bang!
Bang Nam Priao (, ) is the northwesternmost district (amphoe) of Chachoengsao province, central Thailand.
In 1952 the government built a new office on the north bank of Khlong Bang Khanak (Khlong Saen Saeb).
The important water resources are the Bang Pakong River and Khlong Saen Saeb.
Bang Nam Priao is divided into 10 subdistricts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 148 administrative villages (mubans).
 Khlong Saen Saep (Thai: ) consisting of parts of subdistrict Bang Khanak.
The present district office is close to the bank of the Bang Pakong River in Na Mueang subdistrict.
The important water resource are the Bang Pakong River and Khlong Nakhon Nueang Khet.
In the past Sanam Chan Subdistrict was on both banks of the Bang Pakong River.
The important water resource is the Bang Pakong River.
Bang Pakong (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Chachoengsao province in central Thailand.
The area has many industrial estates, including the huge gas- and oil-fired Bang Pakong Power Station and a 180 rai Carabao energy drink production center.
Bang Pakong district was established in 1907.
In 1908 the government moved the office to the bank of the Bang Pakong River in Tambon Tha Sa-an, which is still the location today.
The Marine Department of Thailand's Transport Ministry commissioned a 6.9 million baht study in 2019 which focuses on dredging a section of the 231 kilometre-long Bang Pakong River in the district.
Carabao Group completed work on a new energy drink production center in Bang Pakong District in mid-2018.
Bang Pakong is divided into 12 sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 99 administrative villages (muban).
She has stated that the song's reggae-inflected bassline was influenced by Lionrock, whilst placing the main keyboard riff towards the end of the song "was an idea we got from Underworld’s way of building tension: just waiting, waiting, waiting then – bang!".
The 2011 season started with a bang.
: Tine by Herman Bang, 1986
: Tunge Melodier by Herman Bang, 1987
In the Sitcom, The Big Bang Theory, Dr. Sheldon Cooper mentions that he attempted to create a griffon but could not obtain the, “necessary eagle eggs and lion semen.”
She quipped, "If you're going to go, you might as well go with a bang!
The Warrior Band Drum Line also features a Percussion Ensemble using trash cans instead of drums, called Big Bang, as a part of the Warrior Jazz Band.
He states that it is a notion that can interpret the enormous expansion and complexification of the physical universe (from the Big Bang outward), as well as the evolution of life here on earth and the gradual emergence of human historical existence.
Chaisson's strictly scientific analysis of evolution in its broadest sense—cosmic evolution)—implies a unidirectional, meandering process extending from the Big Bang to humankind on Earth, and continuing while likely producing increasing complexity, perhaps forever, to ends unknown.
An Byeong-Seok, Bang Won-Sun, Chang Ri-Jin, Jo Deuk-Jun, Gang Bong-Hyeon, Kim Jeong-Sin, Lee Jun-Yeong, Lee Sang-Hun, O Su-Cheol
Bang Khla (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Chachoengsao province, central Thailand.
Bang Khla district was established in 1901.
The district office was in Wat Mai Bang Khla, and in 2019 in Ban Suan Subdistrict.
Later they changed the name of the tambon to Bang Khla to match the district name.
Bang Khla is divided into nine subdistricts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 56 administrative villages (mubans).
Khlong Khuean and the Chachoengsao area are on the banks of Bang Pakong River.
The district was created on 31 May 1993 by splitting it from Bang Khla district.
Penketh Student also won the Sellafield Big Bang Project against twelve other regional schools.
He played Walter on the ABC comedy-drama Ugly Betty and Stuart Bloom on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Starting with the sixth season of The Big Bang Theory, he was promoted to a series regular.
He played the character Stuart Bloom on The Big Bang Theory from 2009 to the series end in May 2019.
 EYES,NOSE,LIPS(日本語バージョン) / Taeyang from Big Bang (South Korean band)
Then they upgraded Tambon Manalo to Mueang Bang Nara.
King Vajiravudh (Rama VI) renamed the city Narathiwat in 1915, however in 1917 the district was renamed from Mueang to the old name, Bang Nara.
The important water resource is the Bang Nara River.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Phanom Sarakham, Plaeng Yao, and Bang Khla of Chachoengsao Province; and Ban Sang of Prachinburi province.
Bang Lamung (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the southern part of Chonburi province, Thailand.
However, the government downgraded Bang Lamung to a district, with the district office on the banks of Khlong Nok Yang.
The office set up temporarily in Bang Lamung School, Sukhumvit Road.
 Echo of the Big Bang (2003); 2nd edition (Apr 24, 2005)
 Bang Spa, Quảng Bình Province
Robo-Bop - Bang Me Baby (4:52)
However, The Guardian newspaper in the UK said, "While Danish milk products were dumped in the Middle East, fervent right-wing Americans started buying Bang & Olufsen stereos and Lego.
"The Big Bang Theory" – 3:59
There are two sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambon): Bang Tabun and Ban Laem.
Ban Sang itself is a township (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of tambons Ban Sang and Bang Krabao.
La-un itself is a township (thesaban tambon) and covers parts of tambons La-un Tai and Bang Phra Tai.
It was the third-highest-grossing tour of 2006, just behind the Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang World Tour and Madonna's Confessions Tour.
 Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie (2016)
 Why We Bang (2006)
 World's Biggest Gang Bang (1995)
There are three sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambon): Ngao and Pak Nam each cover parts of the same-named tambons, while Bang Rin covers the whole tambon.
In this universe which predates the Big Bang of the Earth-616 universe, the history of Eddie Brock is identical to the Eddie of Spider-Man: The Animated Series, with the difference being that instead of Dormammu and Baron Mordo bringing the Venom symbiote back to him, Eddie is reunited with the symbiote after the actions of Doctor Octopus.
It was also covered by Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Bovis became a name synonymous with the Big Bang building boom of London in the 1980s and the company’s introduction of US construction management skills facilitated rapid completion of the most complicated projects.
  Damon Wild & Tim Taylor - Bang the Acid
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Khlong Thom and Khao Phanom of Krabi Province; Thung Yai and Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat province; and Wang Wiset of Trang province.
 December 3 – Karin Bang (died 2017), Norwegian novelist and poet
Upon hearing that Liu Bang, whom he met earlier, had also rebelled and formed his own army, he joins Liu and helps him recapture Fengxian County from a traitor.
Later, he also persuades his childhood friend, Li You, the Qin general defending Sanchuan Prefecture, to surrender to Liu Bang.
Disappointed by Xiang Yu's barbaric actions and ill-disciplined army, Fusu leaves Julu and goes to join Liu Bang, whom he feels is a better leader as compared to Xiang.
In his final mission in helping Liu Bang, he infiltrates Wancheng and convinces the Qin governor to surrender to the rebels.
Fusu leaves Liu Bang and goes to the Epang Palace to confront the Second Emperor.
A bang stick, a specialized type of firearm, is then often used to sever the spinal cord of the alligator just to the rear of the head.
Powerheads are often attached to spears used for spear fishing, or attached to a handle to make a bang stick, which is thrust (while still held) at the target.
In 2004, released his follow up album I Don't Believe, On the album, Grunwald emulated Tom Waits experimental bang and clang percussion using hammers, spanners and pots.
 Kao Bang - 5:29
A Journey Through Time leads visitors through four billion years of history, from the Big Bang to the present day, with an additional focus on the future as shaped by human effects and dependence on the Earth.
A descendant of Lý Long Tường, Lee Chang Kun (Ly Xuong Can), and Ly Sang Joon (Ly Tung Tuan, the Founder of Golden Bridge Finance Group) visits Lý's temple in Dinh Bang village in Bắc Ninh Province every year with his family living and sends money to help in the reconstruction of the temple.
2015 Hubble's Cosmic Journey, Bigger Bang, National Geographic Channel
 Bo Thong (Thai: ) consisting of sub-district Bo Thong and parts of sub-district Bang Khao.
 Killer Mike's Grind Time Sports Show Bang!
The justification of this view is that no subluminal Hubble volume will exist and pointwise superluminal expansion (the generalization of the Big Bang theory) will prevail everywhere or at least in a vast region of the universe.
In 2011, Rebecca Schiller from NME included the video at number 38 on their list of 50 Worst Music Videos Ever, stating that "as with most pop acts, All Saints signed out with a whimper rather than a bang, as the final drops of anything that might have been special dribbled out of them.
Allegro vivace: The storm on the lake, the church bells are heard after which knocking on the door and eventually a loud bang when the goblin throws the dead child against the door.
Crack Bang Boom, a cosplay, science fiction, fantasy and comics convention held annually in Rosario.
Icelandic band Bang Gang included a version of the song on their 1998 debut album You
Michael D. Bang as Michael O'Keefe's (Dennis') station wagon driver; long-haired country-boy
Wilderson has appeared on episodes of How to Get Away with Murder, Mom, Bones, CSI: Vegas, The Office, Seinfeld, Mr. Show, The Steve Harvey Show, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory.
Wilber Morris recorded widely, and performed with such musicians as Pharoah Sanders, Steve Habib, Sonny Simmons, Alan Silva, Joe McPhee, Horace Tapscott, Butch Morris, Arthur Blythe, Charles Gayle, William Parker, and Billy Bang, Charles Tyler, Dennis Charles, Roy Campbell, Avram Fefer, Alfred 23 Harth, Borah Bergman and Rashied Ali.
Muang Thong Thani covers areas in Ban Mai, Bang Phut and Khlong Kluea subdistricts of the Pak Kret District of Nonthaburi Province, within the city municipality of Pak Kret.
 Boston Institute for Arts Therapy; see A Bing Bang Holidang
 Kao Bang - 5:21 
 Kao Bang - 3:59
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Sattahip, Bang Lamung of Chonburi province, Nikhom Phatthana and Mueang Rayong of Rayong Province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Pluak Daeng, Ban Khai, Mueang Rayong, and Ban Chang of Rayong Province, and Bang Lamung of Chonburi province.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Wang Chan, Ban Khai, Nikhom Phatthana of Rayong Province, Bang Lamung, Si Racha and Nong Yai of Chonburi province.
Other suggestions included the Glow Dome, Radium Stadium, Isotope, Chernobowl, Jazzmat, Big Bang, Tox Box, Power House, Hot Spot, Plutonium Palace, Fallout Shelter, Melta Center, and Energy Pollutions Arena.
Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
 Bang Showbiz Cover Media Film Clips by The Chicago Tribune
Her acting skill received praise from The Big Bang Theory show creator Chuck Lorre.
In 2014 Contursi was credited in an appearance she had filmed for the television series The Big Bang Theory.
In addition, the film offers some brief insight on the Big Bang theory, black holes, and the development of our Solar System.
The minor district (king amphoe) Plaeng Yao was established on 16 October 1978 with the three tambons: Plaeng Yao, Hua Samrong, and Wang Yen from Bang Khla district.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Ban Pho, Bang Khla, Ratchasan, Phanom Sarakham, and Sanam Chai Khet of Chachoengsao Province; and  Ko Chan, Phanat Nikhom, and Phan Thong of Chonburi province.
Bang & Olufsen (exclusively OEM option for Ford vehicles)
Therefore  can describe either a Big Bang or a Big Crunch, depending on the sense of 
"Spilled Your Pint" / "Sixty Nine" (Vinyl Japan, Bang!
Big Bang (1947)  – demolition of defences of Heligoland
On August 29, 2005, a civic organization, the Institute for Research in Collaborationist Activities disclosed a list of 3094 Koreans chinilpa suspects including Park Chung Hee, the former Korean president, Kim Song Su, a former publisher of Dong-a Ilbo and the founder of Korea University, and Bang Eung Mo, a former president of Chosun Ilbo.
Sources that can be studied this way include binary star systems composed of white dwarfs, neutron stars, and black holes; events such as supernovae; and the formation of the early universe shortly after the Big Bang.
Observations in the microwave band led to the detection of faint imprints of the Big Bang, a discovery Stephen Hawking called the "greatest discovery of the century, if not all time".
An astrophysical source at the high-frequency end of the gravitational-wave spectrum (above 105 Hz and probably 1010 Hz) generates relic gravitational waves that are theorized to be faint imprints of the Big Bang like the cosmic microwave background.
2001 - The Kansas State Board of Education reinstated the discussion of evolution and the Big Bang after the removal of three board members.
In television, he has worked for multiple years on the Chuck Lorre hit shows Two and a Half Men, Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly and Mom.
In October 2006, Chris Lintott, Patrick Moore and Brian May co-authored a book entitled Bang!
As suggested by the title, the illustrated book is a history of the Universe from the Big Bang to its eventual predicted end.
Bang was born in Princeton, New Jersey.
Bang began writing children's books after a failed stint as a reporter for The Baltimore Sun.
Her wordless picture book The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher is notable for its use of negative space and the way Bang contrasts bright colors against grey.
Living Sunlight: How Plants Bring The Earth To Life (2009), by Molly Bang and Penny Chisholm
Peter Walker/Jim Fairchild - sing, shout and bang things (here-there-and-everywhere)
On 8 December 2009, Siniša Mihajlović became manager, and the club started off with a bang, as they defeated Serie A giants Juventus 2–1, with Izco scoring his first Serie A goal.
David Kipen of the San Francisco Chronicle humorously said that the "last time a five-book series launched with such a bang, the first installment was called Genesis."
In the Big Bang Theory season 4 episode 14, "'The Thespian Catalyst", Sheldon Cooper says to Penny the following: "Yes.
"Love Will Tear Us Apart" (2008), Bang The Box
Bang Klam (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Songkhla province, southern Thailand.
Bang Klam is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 36 administrative villages (mubans).
To keep the moons from completely being swallowed by the Bakunawa, ancient Filipinos would go out of their homes with pans and pots, and would bang on them with great force to make noise in order to scare the Bakunawa into spitting out the moon back into the sky.
The ensemble ETHEL is typically described as being part of New York City's Downtown Music scene because of their close association with composers from the Bang on a Can collective and with the experimental art spaces The Kitchen and Tonic where they got their start.
John Kellman of the All About Jazz magazine recognized Arve Henriksen/Jan Bang Double CD Release Show at The Punkt Festival, Kristiansand, Norway, September 2013, as no.
In May 2006 she had a supporting role as Leonard Hofstadter's co worker in the unaired pilot of The Big Bang Theory.
Born at Bang Nok Kwaek, the center of the Diocese of Ratchaburi, he studied at the Sampran Major Seminary to become a priest.
In Indochina, it occurs in the Mekong River to potentially as far upstream as Chiang Khong in Thailand, as well as in the Chao Phraya, Nan, Mae Klong, Bang Pakong, and Tapi Rivers, also found in Bueng Boraphet but now completely extinct.
In the Mae Klong and Bang Pakong Rivers, the giant freshwater stingray is also increasingly targeted by sport fishers and for display in public aquariums.
The Essential Seminal Rats 1984-1991 (August 2007) Bang!
 G-Dragon (born Kwon Ji-yong, 1988), South Korean musician, member of boy band Big Bang
 A (single album), a 2015 single by the Korean band Big Bang
 M (Big Bang single album), 2015
 Smoke and Mirrors (part seven) – Great North Wood by Stephen Grasso, Bang the Bore, 6 Feb 2012, (archived)
In addition to releasing many songs on numerous Thizz compilations, Rydah saw the release of three albums; the first was an album with friend Johnny Cash as the group Money Gang titled Bang fo Bread, another solo album titled What's Really Thizzin?
2005: Money Gang - Bang Fo Bread
Jeremy Bang opines that, "Local boosters in Virginia, Florida, and Texas promote their own colonists, who (like many people getting off a boat) gave thanks for setting foot again on dry land."
The main characters of The Big Bang Theory mention playing Quidditch.
Happened from the Big Bang to the Present Day and a series of children's historical Wallbook titles.
Kid Paddle (2003) - Big Bang (voice)
But I'm not to going to give any more than that away... except to say that the adventure certainly ends with a bang!"
Pak Phanang is a town (thesaban mueang) which includes tambon Pak Phanang and parts of tambon Hu Long, Pak Phanang Fang Tawan Tok, Pak Phanang Fang Tawan Ok, and Bang Phra.
We'd just go there and bang on things.
We built a rack and hung all these things off it, and we'd bang on them.
A gang bang is a situation where one person has sexual intercourse with more than two partners.
Please may I bang the gong?
Edward L. (Ned) Wright (born August 25, 1947 in Washington, D.C.) is an American astrophysicist and cosmologist, well known for his achievements in the COBE, WISE, and WMAP projects and as a strong Big Bang proponent in web tutorials on cosmology and theory of relativity.
The namesake song of Steely Dan's February 2000 album "Two Against Nature" includes a description of a succubus, "Madame Arzulie, she come last night, bang you silly but leave a nasty bite".
In March 2006, Jesse Jane and Price became the hosts of Playboy TV's most popular live show, Night Calls, and Price has previously hosted the Playboy TV series The Bang.
As I see it, they do a few things well: They bang the phones, they don't always follow the same story everyone else is doing, and they are fast."
Big Bang (financial markets)
Bang Khan (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Nakhon Si Thammarat province, southern Thailand.
The district was created as a minor district (king amphoe) on 1 April 1984, when the three tambons Bang Khan, Ban Lamnao, and Wang Hin were split off from Thung Song district.
The opera tells the story of Xiang Yu, the self-styled "Hegemon-King of Western Chu" who battled for the unification of China with Liu Bang, the eventual founder of the Han dynasty.
PHENIX, along with three other RHIC experiments, determined that the relativistic heavy ion collisions at RHIC were successful in creating the quark–gluon plasma (QGP), a state of matter believed to have existed approximately 10 microseconds after the Big Bang.
Lee also said that the song "was quite a different piece for us, because of the way the intro’s structured, and then it comes in with a bang and there’s this weird time signature going on.
In 2018 Pnau's Go Bang won the Best Dance Release setting a new record of three Best Dance Release wins.
I've always felt that silent can be scarier than loud, a whisper more frightening than a bang, and we wanted to create a balance.
Rick Hansen's two FIRST Robotics Competition teams, known as THEORY6 and The Big Bang, have taken part in many regional and worldwide competitions.
Team 1285 The Big Bang was introduced in 2014 as the little sister team to THEORY6.
She wrote lyrics about the "time axis" and how, much like the Big Bang fashioned the universe, chance encounters can give birth to love.
Gary S. Carlson is an American comic book writer, editor and publisher, known for his work on his creator-owned comics, such as the 1980s anthology Megaton and Big Bang Comics.
The series was originally published by Caliber Comics, then Image Comics, and is now self-published under the Big Bang Presents title.
|Big Bang 2: The Way to Unification
In 1989, he began with a bang, scoring two hat-tricks before suffering an ankle injury on June 9.
The Big Bang is a CITV science show broadcast from 15 April 1996 – 8 September 2004 and produced by Yorkshire Television.
There were lots of changes planned for the Big Bang which Violet & I didn't agree with, so we said thank you for the last 6 series and wished them all the luck for the future."
The set stayed remained mainly unchanged, however the neon The Big Bang sign in the kitchen was not replaced with the new logo until series 8.
In 2003, a shorter 5-minute version of the show, The Little Bang, was introduced at weekends.
It took one section from a normal Big Bang episode and displayed what was needed for the make at the beginning of the show.
 Inflation (cosmology), the expansion of space in the early universe at a very high rate; the inflationary epoch lasted from 10−36 seconds after the Big Bang to sometime between 10−33 and 10−32 seconds
Also in 1987, he played on the Gang Bang Band's 12" EP recorded with Nasty Suicide from Hanoi Rocks, Bernie Torme, Dumpy Dunnell and members of the Quireboys, Babysitters, and Wolfsbane.
 1994 - Big Bang - In the Beginning Was a Dr
According to legend, the sword of Liu Bang, the first Han emperor, was made in this fashion.
Rush cracks the ship's master code, gaining control of the ship's systems and discovering that the Ancients found an artificial pattern to the cosmic microwave background radiation said to be a remnant of the Big Bang.
This discovery suggested the possibility of life before or immediately after the Big Bang, and Destiny was launched millions of years ago to study and gather data regarding this possibility.
In 2022, it was revealed that Constantino was romantically linked to Korean-born Filipino television personality Ryan Bang in 2010.
Bang, who donated the collection to Sorø Akademi, where it still is today.
Big Bang Board Games was also given to the first 25,000 purchasers.
The closing sequence of Rita Ora's Bang EP video was shot at the monument in early 2021.
 Mary Jo Bang, Elegy, Graywolf, winner of the National Book Critics Circle Award
On 27 June 2009, Cloven Hoof appeared at the Bang Your Head!!!
In this visualization, the Big Bang took place at the beginning of January 1 at midnight, and the current moment maps onto the end of December 31 just before midnight.
Sequoia Creative built the giant animatronic of the Tunnel du temps stunt show in Big Bang Schtroumpf, 1989 (now Walygator Parc), France.
Americans performed much worse on questions about evolution and the Big Bang theory than respondents from different countries.
On October 7, 2011, however, it was announced that Rules of Engagement would move back to its 8:30PM EST Thursday timeslot following The Big Bang Theory, replacing new sitcom How to Be a Gentleman which was moved to the new Saturday time slot.
Previous CEO and Chief Creative Officer, Linda Kaplan Thaler and President Robin Koval are the authors of three books: BANG!
The Rolling Stones resurrected "She Was Hot" for the 2006 United States leg of their A Bigger Bang Tour.
Nucleogenesis (also known as nucleosynthesis) as a general phenomenon is a process usually associated with production of nuclides in the Big Bang or in stars, by nuclear reactions there.
Bjørn Bang Andersen (born 14 November 1937) is a former Norwegian shot putter.
It was said of Curran that"Another record which Belfast Celtic can honestly claim is that Sammy Curran (centre forward) has the greatest number of goals to his credit during his first four years of Senior football than any other player in the,game, and will still bang them in."
The Rusty Anderson Afternoon song "Points of Interest" was featured on the hit CBS comedy The Big Bang Theory in 2014.
Hornschemeier's animation and artwork appear on IFC’s Comedy Bang!
"On the Radio", a song from Thunder's 2008 album, Bang!
After the fall of the Qin dynasty in 206 BC, Xiang Yu divided the former Qin Empire into the Eighteen Kingdoms and granted Liu Bang the title of "King of Hàn" () and relocated him to the remote Ba and Shu regions around present-day Chongqing and Sichuan.
In late 206 BC, Liu Bang led his army out of Bashu to attack the Three Qins.
This marked the beginning of a four-year-long power struggle for supremacy over China between Liu Bang and Xiang Yu, historically known as the Chu–Han Contention.
Liu Bang recognised Hán Xin as the new King of Hán.
In 204 BC, after Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Xingyang, Hán Xin was captured by Xiang Yu and forced to surrender.
Hán Xin was reinstated as the King of Hán and became a vassal of the Han dynasty after Liu Bang defeated Xiang Yu in 202 BC and became Emperor of China.
In 201 BC, Liu Bang (Emperor Gaozu) felt that Hán Xin's fief was in a strategic location and was worried that Hán might pose a threat to the Han Empire.
He has contributed to programmes ranging from Tomorrow's World, BBC Four's Mind Games, The South Bank Show to BBC One's Bang Goes the Theory.
When the hinge is allowed to open, the hammer is released and strikes a percussion cap, causing a loud bang.
 Bang on a Can, Somei Satoh and Nobukazu Takemura
Not With A Bang, But With A Squeaker: Two Lumps – Year Thirteen (May 2017) CreateSpace Independent Publishing Platform.
Team Delicioso was originally scheduled to consist of Cassandro, El Hijo del Ice Cream and Ice Cream, Jr., but Cassandro was forced to withdraw from the tournament, after breaking his leg at Ring of Honor's The Big Bang!
The Doctor later tells Martha that Eliot got it right in saying that it all ends "not with a bang, but a whimper".
Guests who have appeared on Talk Asia include Victoria Beckham, Deepak Chopra, Manny Pacquiao, A. R. Rahman, Lady Gaga, Michelle Yeoh, Jason Mraz, Tadashi Yanai, Giorgio Armani, Yingluck Shinawatra, Kumar Sangakkara, Homare Sawa, Gary Locke, Julia Gillard, Gong Yoo  and Big Bang.
Includes songs by Philip Judd and Tim Finn, the Makers, Schnell Fenster, Boom Crash Opera, Mental As Anything, Bang The Drum, the Breaknecks, Big Storm and the Front Lawn.
Video documentation of Regina José Galindo's Big Bang at MFA Boston, June 25, 2014.
She has made a number of guest appearances on television series, including Raising the Bar, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, The Big Bang Theory, Wizards of Waverly Place, Grounded for Life, ER, Titus, Becker, 30 Rock and Dharma & Greg, plus a recurring role on the sitcom Mom.
The song was performed some fifty times during the 2005–2006 A Bigger Bang Tour.
Eyewitnesses reported seeing a low-flying, unstable aircraft in the area from which the wreckage has been recovered but lost sight of it after hearing a loud bang.
Thaler, Linda Kaplan, Koval, Robin, Marshall, Delia, Bang!
After college, living in New York City's East Village,  Other he wrote humorous pornographic stories for the periodicals Luv and Bang, and worked for three months as a file clerk at an insurance company.
First, after the mechas' departure in a large bang, a few stray parts can always be seen on the floor when the explosion clears.
Members were also known to approach people on the street "shouting about unions, or democracy, or bang on the roofs of Lada cars berating their owners for driving a communist car."
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise), Wat Bot, Mueang Phitsanulok, and Bang Rakam of Phitsanulok Province; Kong Krailat, Mueang Sukhothai, Si Samrong, and Sawankhalok of Sukhothai province: and Phichai of Uttaradit province.
Bang Rakam (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the western part of Phitsanulok province, central Thailand.
Later King Rama VI ordered the district name to be changed to be the same as the central tambon, thus the district name was changed to Bang Rakam on 24 April 1917.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise), Phrom Phiram, Mueang Phitsanulok, and Bang Krathum of Phitsanulok Province; Sam Ngam and Wachirabarami  of Phichit province; Lan Krabue of Kamphaeng Phet province; Khiri Mat and Kong Krailat of Sukhothai province.
Bang Rakam lies within the Yom Basin, although the district's eastern border with Mueang Phitsanulok district is essentially the boundary between the Yom Basin and the Nan Basin.
Bang Rakam and Plak Raet are townships (thesaban tambons), covering parts of the same-named tambons.
In 2006, there were also reported cases of leptospirosis among residents of Bang Rakam, contracted due to the amount of standing water.
The Thung Yai oil field is in Bang Rakam.
 Double Bang (2001) - Brian Jacobs
A part of the book describes the Moon's tidal effects and explains the Coriolis effect, why the sky is blue, the Big Bang and other related topics.
The inscription is believed to be "qi zao bang chang fa huo" () which translates into English as "Qi, establish state long, legal money".
Not With A Bang But A Whimper (1972)
There are three townships (thesaban tambons): Nong Ruea covers parts of tambons Nong Ruea and Nong Kae, parts of tambons Kut Kwang, Non Sa-at, and Dom Mong, and parts of Bang Kong and Chorakhe.
French had a minor role in the indie feminist film Farah Goes Bang directed by Meera Menon.
 Bernhard Bang (1848–1932)
Similar objections sometimes conflate the Big Bang with evolution.
Creationists argue against evolution on the grounds that it cannot explain certain non-evolutionary processes, such as abiogenesis, the Big Bang, or the meaning of life.
George Gamow – theoretical physicist and cosmologist – notably an early advocate and developer of Lemaître's Big Bang theory.
In turn, he mixed Ministry of Sound Mashed 1 and Ministry of Sound Mashed 2 with Bang Gang DJs in 2002 and 2004 respectively, and a mix CD with Tiga titled INTHEMIX.05 in 2005.
Dracula is portrayed by Claes Bang.
 Joy Bang as Rita
Mueang Phitsanulok lies within the Nan Basin, although the district's western border with Bang Rakam district is essentially the boundary between the Nan Basin and the Yom Basin as well.
In early-2016, the government agreed to proceed with the eastern HSR route and suggested that it could be extended to Don Mueang International Airport beyond the terminus at Bang Sue Intercity Terminal thus providing a link with three airports.
Their second album Roulette, was released in 2009, and included the songs "Falling Rockets" (which is used in The Big Bang Theory), "Metropolis", "Psycho Thrills" and "One Beat Away".
He is also one of the two members of the dance group Evil Cowards, is one of the vocalists for hard rock band Bang Camaro, and was temporarily a member of the short-lived band The Dirty Shame.
Bang for the Buck is a studio album by Long Beach hip hop group Ugly Duckling.
"More bang for the buck" was preceded by "more bounce to the ounce", an advertising slogan used in 1950 to market the carbonated soft drink Pepsi.
The phrase "bigger bang for the buck" was notably used by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of Defense, Charles Erwin Wilson, in 1954.
"More bang for the buck" was also used in the late 1960s by the U.S. military to refer to how it wanted to receive more combat power from the armaments it possessed.
In her 2010 book The Trouble with Thinking, Lauren Powers wrote that whenever she hears the cliché "bigger bang for the buck", she becomes "distracted" by the phrase's history and cannot continue paying attention to the speaker's words.
He also wrote a novelisation of the battle of Bang Rajan.
Kadrey has written fifteen novels, including The New York Times Best Seller list, Devil Said Bang.
The fourth novel, Devil Said Bang, was released August 28, 2012.
The 2006 season started with a bang when Kansas finally lost, dropping their season opener against Wichita 50-43.
In 1936 in rural Bang Kapi, at the time nothing but rice paddies and small farming villages, Kwan and Riam are the son and daughter of rival village chiefs.
The CMB was created when the universe was about 380,000 years old, when the opaque plasma fog which existed after the Big Bang began to recombine into hydrogen atoms and allowed photons to travel freely through space.
According to the theory, acoustic peaks are caused by the oscillations of matter during the Big Bang, which should be measurable as one main frequency or tone, with a series of overtones or harmonics.
"Old Clem’s Night" started literally with a bang and showers of sparks during the ritual "firing of the anvil."
Since Blossom ended its run in 1995, Wass has retired from acting and has focused only on directing episodic television series such as Spin City, The Big Bang Theory, Less than Perfect and 2 Broke Girls.
The Argos started the game with a bang as defensive back Ed Berry intercepted Calgary quarterback Danny Barrett's first pass attempt and returned it 50 yards for a touchdown.
He started his Canuck career with a bang, scoring the team's first-ever goal (one of only five he scored all season) in their first game, against the Los Angeles Kings on October 9, 1970.
Material World was one of the BBC's main conduits for up-to-date scientific news, along with Frontiers, Science in Action, and Bang Goes the Theory.
 Peder Bang,  Bishop of the Diocese of Roskilde
The 19th Century writer Herman Bang was raised by a paternal grandfather, who at times impressed his grandson with stories of their alleged family ties to the historical Hvide clan.
The Feel of Neil Diamond is Neil Diamond's debut album, released on Bang Records in the US, London Records in the UK, and Stateside Records in Australia.
It has never been released on CD, but the CD The Bang Years includes all the tracks from this album and from Diamond's second album, Just for You.
Some TV series are available free of charge, such as Balls of Steel, Embarrassing Bodies, Shameless UK, and Skins, while others, for example ER, Shameless US, and The Big Bang Theory, are charged for.
Tye May and the Magic Brush, by Molly Bang (HarperCollins, 1980).
 estampida = same as "estampido"; bang, beat, blow (sound like a shot)
In 1928 the government created Bang Krathum district, and tambons Phai Lom, Noen Kum, and Nakhon Pa Mak were assigned to it.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise), Sak Lek of Phichit province, Bang Krathum, Mueang Phitsanulok, Wat Bot, Chat Trakan, Nakhon Thai of Phitsanulok Province, Khao Kho of Phetchabun province and Noen Maprang of Phitsanulok Province.
Bang them up and throw away the key!"
2013 began with a bang when Willie Limond fought fellow Scot Eddie Doyle, the unbeaten British masters champion, for the Commonwealth light welterweight title.
He joined a small group of backpacking volunteers in Bang Tao Village and stayed for 5 months to help manage the project as it grew.
 The Change Constant/The Stockholm Syndrome, the series finale of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory
The full version of the song is included in the album BanG Dream!
It was also covered by Argonavis, a fictional rock band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Bang Khan, Thung Yai, Na Bon, Chang Klang, Lan Saka, Ron Phibun, Chulabhorn, and Cha-uat of Nakhon Si Thammarat province; Huai Yot and Ratsada of Trang province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Tham Phannara, Chawang, Na Bon, Thung Song, Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat; Lam Thap, Khao Phanom of Krabi province; and Phrasaeng of Surat Thani province.
His intelligence show Cobra operatives working with the wide-ranging biker bang.
Bang To Dis / Steady Mobb'n feat.
Connected For Life / Mack-10, Ice Cube, WC & Butch Cassidy / Bang or Ball / Mack 10 / Performer
The Battle of Gaixia was a last stand fought in 202 BC during the Chu–Han Contention between the forces of Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han) and Xiang Yu.
The battle concluded with victory for Liu Bang, who proclaimed himself Emperor of China and founded the Han Dynasty.
This is the last major battle of the Chu-Han Contention, ending with the suicide of Xiang Yu and the undisputed rule of Liu Bang.
At this point, major disagreements had occurred between Liu Bang and his general Han Xin due to an argument over the control of the Han army.
As a result, Han Xin withheld his forces in Qi when Liu Bang was under siege from Xiang Yu.
Liu Bang was only able to avoid capture because of the assistance of another general, Zhang Liang.
Seeing tension between Liu Bang and Han Xin, Xiang Yu tried to persuade Han Xin to ally with him, or at least to stay neutral in this war.
Liu Bang simply replied that since the two had sworn each other as 'brothers' (during the earlier years of the revolt against Qin Dynasty) he would be effectively cooking his own father, and joked that Xiang Yu should not forget to send him a cup of 'their' father's flesh to share as good brothers.
At one point, Xiang Yu was about to capture Liu Bang.
Finally Liu Bang agreed with everything that Han Xin requested, and Han Xin finally agreed to help.
Later, with the arrival of Han Xin, Liu Bang was able to convince Xiang Yu to agree to a peace treaty.
Liu Bang ordered the cavalry to not kill Xiang Yu, but to capture him.
Liu Bang first signed a peace treaty with Xiang Yu, and then ambushed Xiang Yu when he was making his way back to Chu.
As a result, many people considered Liu Bang a deceitful man.
It seemed unlikely that Xiang Yu, being an intelligent man, would have accepted the peace treaty in the first place if Liu Bang was such a dishonest man.
By that time Lutten Larson had left the band being replaced by Anton Olemyr whose previous bands included early punkers Revolt and Irish styled outfit Bang The Drum.
Following the game, James said, "We started off this year with a bang and hopefully we can continue."
Horace sings "It's a Bang Up Job" to the townspeople, praising his new opera house, and sharing his disenchantment with his wife Augusta.
Flipp's Brynn Arens is a member of the alternative rock band Zen From Mars, which also includes members of Kik Tracee, Bang Tango, Enuff Z'Nuff, and Fear Factory.
Since its initial publication in 1981, Big Bang Comics is Britain's most successful underground comic book series.
In response to Leonard's detective novel, Raj Kuthrapali mentioned Karamchand in Season 11, Episode 15 of The Big Bang Theory episode "The Novelization Correlation."
All the same, a number of publishers debut, including Axis Comics, Big Bang Comics, Chaos!
 Best Fans: Big Bang
28 March – astronomer Fred Hoyle coins the term Big Bang during a BBC Third Programme radio broadcast.
"Infamy", a song by The Rolling Stones from their 2005 album A Bigger Bang
 "The Big Bang Theory" (with Keron Grant, in #42-44, 2001)
As they wait silently, he seizes an opportunity to shut himself in a room and bang on the hull with a wrench, telling the listening sub chasers where to find the sub.
In theory, at least, the big bang could have happened.
They had found the physical proof of the big bang.
Aini is released by her fiance, Bang Brahim and she then frees the pendekar's wife and the pendekar too.
Stewart and Timbaland also co-wrote and produced a song on rapper Busta Rhymes's 2006 album The Big Bang.
If you like your music loud, take a dip in Madina Lake, bang your head and have a blast!"
Huang Feihu is a fictional character in the Chinese epic fantasy novel Fengshen Bang.
Slam Bang #1 (1985) through present (various covers, comic strips and illustrations)  Fan-Atic Press
On 14 July, Grimmett performed on stage for the first time since his operation in a wheelchair at Bang Your Head!!!.
(Go Bang Game) [a.k.a.
GO Bang.. on title screen]
 อุปสรรคก่อให้รักบังเกิด (Up pa sak kor hai rak bang kird) Feat.
He also worked on The Big Bang Theory throughout its run.
Showbags themed around movies such as Ghostbusters, Top Gun, or Back to the Future, or television shows such as The Simpsons, The Big Bang Theory, Friends or The Office are generally targeted at adult fans of those properties.
Often auctioneers will stand at a lectern with a gavel, which they use to bang the lectern to end bidding on an item prior to announcing the winning bid.
In Thailand, the most impressive Wai Khru is held at the temple of Wat Bang Phra.
One of the most famous temples in the present day for yantra tattooing is Wat Bang Phra in Nakhon Chai Si District, Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand.
The source novella by Herman Bang was first adapted into film in 1911 by Robert Dinesen and Alfred Lind, and finally in 1985 by Anders Refn.
The assignment of the play to Ford, first made by the German scholar Willy Bang in 1906, is widely accepted.
 Erik Bang, GM 1979
All it takes is a loud bang, and off they go."
Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) starring Robert De Niro, Michael Moriarty and Vincent Gardenia.
 Bang Yong Guk, acronym and stage name of the South Korean rapper.
Schneider, Rolf Michael, The Making of Oriental Rome, in Universal Empire: A Comparative Approach to Imperial Culture and Representation in Eurasian History, Editors,	Peter Fibiger Bang, Dariusz Kolodziejczyk, 2012, Cambridge University Press, , 9781107022676, google books
Shine a Light is a 2008 concert film directed by Martin Scorsese documenting the Rolling Stones' 2006 Beacon Theatre performances during their A Bigger Bang Tour.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Mueang Chumphon, Tha Sae of Chumphon Province, and Bang Saphan Noi of Prachuap Khiri Khan province.
Calvin pushes Sasha causing her to bang her head on the wooden staircase.
2013- ZZ Packer, fiction; Susan Orlean, nonfiction; Mary Jo Bang, poetry
He had previously criticised Manchester City and England centre-back John Stones on Twitter, saying he'd "get 40 a season" playing against Stones every week, and after the game tweeted that "I was completely wrong and bang out of order to say I'd score 40 a season..... it's more like 50."
Originally the district was named Doem Bang Kao (เดิมบางเก่า).
 Khai Noen Wong (Thai: ) consisting of parts of sub-district Bang Kacha.
She is related with male singer Bang Kieu (whom she calls "uncle")
The features on the series web site, including links to publishers, New Zealand literary sites, poet biographies, and poets' comments on their work – provides a "'more bang for your verse' approach" that Shelley Howells, a columnist for The New Zealand Herald, called "more satisfying than simply reading a poem on a page".
In Journey to the West, the monkey king Sun Wukong obtained his Ruyi Jingu Bang, a magically-expanding, gold-ringed iron rod weapon, from Ao Guang.
The Big Bang Theory (CBS)
 Ralph Alpher, "Father of the Big Bang theory"
Sapphaya covers parts of tambon Sapphaya, and Pho Nang Dam parts of tambon Pho Nang Dam Tok, while Taluk, Pho Nang Dam Ok, Bang Luang, and Hat Asa cover the whole same-named sub-district.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise): Huai Yot of Trang Province; Bang Khan and Thung Song of Nakhon Si Thammarat province.
Bardenfleth failed to reach a compromise with the National Liberals, however, and so did Peter Georg Bang whom the king had asked to take his place.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Huai Yot, Mueang Trang, and Sikao of Trang Province; Khlong Thom and Lam Thap of Krabi province; and Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat province.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Singhanakhon, Bang Klam, and Rattaphum of Songkhla Province and Pak Phayun of Phatthalung province.
 Alex Necochea and Bryn Bennett: the 'Guitar Heroes' of Bang Camaro on Wikinews
Bang Yeong-jin, South-Korean comics artist (Yakdongi, Yakdongiwa Yeongpali), passes away at age 59 or 60.
 Not with a Bang, TV, 1990
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise) Thap Khlo, Bang Mun Nak, Pho Thale, Bueng Na Rang, Pho Prathap Chang, Mueang Pichit and  Wang Sai Phun of Phichit Province.
The minor district (king amphoe) Taphan Hin was created in 1937 as a subordinate of Mueang Phichit District by putting together the sub-districts Huai Ket from Mueang District, Thap Khlo and Khlong Khun from Bang Mun Nak District, and Wang Samrong from Pho Thale District.
While commenting on the  performance Dejen Isaac from Uproxx  said, "They changed the most blatant portion a bit (tonight we’re gonna, go “around” the way), but Nickelodeon pretty much aired a song about a teen who wants to bang an older gentleman.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Bang Mun Nak and Thap Khlo of Phichit Province, Chon Daen of Phetchabun province and Nong Bua of Nakhon Sawan province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Bang Rakam of Phitsanulok province, Sam Ngam of Phichit Province, Sai Ngam and Lan Krabue of Kamphaeng Phet province.
1999 - Going Out With A Bang 
On 1 March 1939 the government separated Tambons Sam Ngam, Rang Nok, Wang Chik, Phai Rop, Ban Na, and Noen Po from Mueang Phichit District, Kamphaeng Din and Hat Kruat from Bang Krathum district, Phitsanulok province to establish the new district, Sam Ngam.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise): Sai Ngam, Phran Kratai of Kamphaeng Phet Province, Khiri Mat of Sukhothai province, Bang Rakam of Phitsanulok province and Wachirabarami of Phichit province.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Dong Charoen, Bang Mun Nak, Taphan Hin and Wang Sai Phun of Phichit Province, Noen Maprang of Phitsanulok province, Wang Pong and Chon Daen of Phetchabun province.
In February 2010, three further episodes were broadcast on BBC Radio 4. to more positive reviews: "The scripts are strong, taut, bang up-to-the-minute, salted with ironic humour.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise) Bueng Na Rang, Taphan Hin, Bang Mun Nak of Phichit Province, Chum Saeng, Kao Liao and Banphot Phisai of Nakhon Sawan province.
In 1939, the district office was moved from Bang Khlan Sub-district to Ban Tan Sub-district.
Bang Mun Nak (, ) is a district (amphoe) in the southern part of Phichit province, central Thailand.
Bang Mun Nak was the location of the Mueang Phum, an ancient town believed to be part of Phichit Province.
In 1903, the province of Phichit was divided into three districts: Mueang Pichit, Bang Khlan, and Mueang Phum.
In 1907, the district office moved to a new location on the west bank of the Nan River, north of Wat Bang Mun Nak temple under the name "Mueang Phum District".
Bang Mun Nak is about 52 km (32 mi) south of Mueang Pichit.
There are two townships (thesaban tambons): Bang Phai and Wang Taku.
Bang Mun Nak is regarded as one of the three districts of Phichit, with a railroad running through (northern line).
The district is served by the Bang Mun Nak railway station of the State Railway of Thailand (SRT).
Gates performs "food stunt shows", mostly at science festivals such as Cambridge Science Festival,  Cheltenham Science Festival, The Big Bang Fair and also at schools, theatres and food festivals including the BBC Good Food Show'' and the Ideal Home Show.
 Jews in the Bosom of the Big Bang (2014)
 Fengshen Bang, chapters 12–14.
He has black hair plastered flat with what is either a widow's peak or a V-shaped bang.
Bridges said he did not necessarily disagree with Hall's viewpoint; he was quoted as saying, "I agree with it more than I would the Big Bang Theory or the Darwin Theory".
He arrived at Køng, where Dahlbergh established the Swedish units' night quarters, and a vicarage belonging to Vicar Henning Clausen Bang accommodated the royal company.
The vicar in Dalum, Niels Bang, had his vicarage plundered by Swedish horsemen, who let themselves be accommodated there.
The Big Bang Theory (2011)
Asimov's Chronology of the World is a 1991 book by Isaac Asimov, in which the author explains in chronological order important events that happened from the Big Bang until the end of World War II.
Asimov's Chronology of the World: The History of the World From the Big Bang to Modern Times, Harper Collins Publishers, 1991, .
Juszkiewicz's scientific interests included the theory of gravitational instability, origins of the large-scale structure, microwave background radiation and Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Wat Bang Phra dates to the late 18th century, just before the second fall of Ayutthaya.
When the images were later pulled from the river, they were kept in the monastery that came to be known as Wat Bang Phra.
Luang Phor Pern ordained as a monk at Wat Bang Phra at the age of 25 and studied with abbot Luang Pu Him Inthasoto, an accomplished sak yant master.
Returning to Wat Bang Phra many years later, he was made abbot used temple donations to build a bridge over the adjacent river so that farmers could more easily bring their crops to market in Nakhon Chaisi or beyond, and constructed the local public hospital that today bears his name.
The process of receiving a tattoo from the monks at Wat Bang Phra outside of the events surrounding the tattoo festival are as follows:
Receiving a tattoo at the Wat Bang Phra temple potentially exposes a person to HIV, Hepatitis B, or Hepatitis C. There are approximately 580,000 people living with AIDS in Thailand.
Wat Bang Phra Facebook page.
Next week we'll be going out with bang, so, hope to see you then.
The important water resources are the Hanuman, Phra Prong, and Bang Pakong Rivers.
 2008 Berkeley Big Bang New Media Symposium, University of California at Berkeley, CA: “Female Embodiment and New Media” (Invited Artist Talk)
The next two albums, Karma Cleansing (which was released as Believe in Japan) and Big Bang Theory, saw Harem Scarem 'modernizing' their sound.
Barry Donaghy also made his lead vocal debut with Harem Scarem on "Sometimes I Wish" from Big Bang Theory.
He frequently exchanges e-mails with them while they are in Mauritius while working on the Cola pitch with Pinki, and is the first to tell them that Crutton means to fire Vince, thereby inspiring them to go out with a bang.
It is South Korea's largest mobile-gaming company which was founded in 2000 by Bang Jun-hyuk.100000
In May 2017, Bang took the company public, raising $2.4 billion.
As of 2021, Netmarble shareholders consisted of Bang Jun-hyuk (24.12%), CJ ENM (21.78%), Tencent (Han River Investment Pte.
He praised the storyline, controls, balanced difficulty and depth, writing "Warfare Incorporated is a benchmark RTS on iPhone and packs plenty of bang for your buck."
A live recording from July 1995 was included on the album Totally Stripped (2016), and a performance from the Stones' 2006 A Bigger Bang Tour appears in the 2008 concert film Shine a Light and on the accompanying live album.
Richards reinstated the song to the band's setlist during the 2006 leg of their Bigger Bang Tour, when it was played infrequently.
 2014-2015: Japan Dome Tour "X" – Big Bang
 The Big Bang Theory rerun 
Chumphon is a town (thesaban mueang) which covers the whole tambon Tha Taphao and parts of tambon Bang Mak, Na Thung, Tak Daet, Khun Krathing, and Wang Phai.
King's War – Liu Bang (Chen Daoming)
The 30-year-old galvanized steel 'boards' make a loud bang exaggerating every hit, but yielding little.
Bang is an American brand of energy drinks.
As of 2020, Bang is the third highest selling energy drink in the United States,  behind Monster and Red Bull.
In 2012, the company introduced Bang, marketed as a low sugar carbonated energy drink.
Bang Energy's stated mission is to make high-quality nutritional supplements backed by scientific research.
In April 2020, PepsiCo entered an exclusive distribution agreement with VPX to distribute Bang in the United States.
On November 17, 2020, the company gave PepsiCo a notice of termination; an emergency arbitrator ruled in December 2020 that Pepsi remained the exclusive distributor of Bang drinks until 2023.
Bang Keto Coffee, a high protein coffee drink.
An emergency arbitrator ruled in December 2020 that Pepsi remains the exclusive distributor of Bang.
Military dance involved brandishing of weapons, for example it was recorded that the Han founding Emperor Liu Bang was fond of the war dance of the Ba people, and large scale performances of the dance involved the brandishing of various weapons to the accompaniment of drums and songs in the Ba language.
Based on arguments for God such as the fine-tuned universe argument, and on a lack of a conclusive understanding of pre-Big Bang physics, Liddle states that "the true scientific position, of course, is that there may be a God, and there may not be a God".
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Tamot, Bang Kaeo, and Pak Phayun of Phatthalung Province, Rattaphum of Songkhla province, Khuan Kalong of Satun province and Palian of Trang province.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Kong Ra, Khao Chaison, Bang Kaeo, and Pa Bon of Phatthalung Province, Palian of Trang province.
He is considered a bankable star in Thailand and has achieved minor international exposure through the international release of Bang Rajan.
The album was twice sampled by rapper Chiddy Bang, "Ain't It Strange" on "Grab a Plate" and "My Old Ways" by The Preview's "Old Ways".
Elements of the story were later reused in Steven Moffat's The Big Bang, the finale of Series 5.
Cross-checking the story with the events reported by the Burmese sources indicates that the purported events at Bang Rachan are likely a merger of at least two independent events that took place in the war.
According to Thai tradition, the Burmese northern invasion army led by Gen. Ne Myo Thihapate was held up for five months at Bang Rachan, a small village northwest of Ayutthaya by a group of simple villagers.
Bang Rajan was made on a budget of around 50 million baht, which is about four times the cost of other Thai productions being made at the time.
The Battle of Bang Rajan was also depicted in a 1966 Thai film, starring Sombat Metanee in a role that won him a best actor honors at the "Golden Doll" Awards.
"Extreme Astronomy" – At the edge of the spectral frontier, strange things go bang!
Some reported the tank was already leaking as it approached the site, or sprang a leak with a loud bang while passing the site, and was then stopped by the driver.
Others reported the bang being caused by a blown tire which caused the truck to swerve out of control and crash into the wall separating the campsite from the roadside, possibly overturning in the process.
Keren Ann and Barði Jóhannson, lead singer of Icelandic band Bang Gang covered the song on their album Lady and Bird.
EGAT officials maintain that 95 percent of Pak Bang Sub-district residents welcomed the project and that those opposing it were outsiders.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Pa Bon and Bang Kaeo of Phatthalung Province, Krasae Sin, Sathing Phra, Singhanakhon, and Khuan Niang of Songkhla province.
 DeRay Davis as Big Bang
In March 2015 Bang Face reached the milestone of 100 events by hosting the Weekender at Southport Holiday Park.
It is this atmosphere that has become Bang Face’s unique signature with Time Out London claiming that the 2009 Weekender would “make Bestival look like f***ing ‘Question Time’".
Bang Face hosts a wide range of electronic dance music.
Bang Face normally themes its events using historical references to significant events falling on the same day, for example a James Bond-themed fancy dress code for an event coinciding with Roger Moore's birthday party.
Bang Face began as a monthly club night in London and quickly became increasing popular with a resurgence in electronic dance music.
Bang Face also holds an annual boat party on the River Thames.
After five years of monthly club nights Bang Face launched the first Weekender in 2008, held over three days at Pontins in Camber Sands.
In 2012 the Bang Face Weekender was held at Trevelgue Holiday Park, Newquay, Cornwall and headlined by Aphex Twin.
The Bang Face Weekender returned in 2015 to Pontins Holiday Park Southport for the 100th event.
Bang Face began to host showcase events at UK festivals, starting with The Glade in 2006.
In 2013 - 2014 Bang Face organised events in Belgium and Holland where they have a strong fanbase.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Bang Kaeo, Tamot, Kong Ra, and Mueang Phatthalung of Phatthalung Province, Krasae Sin of Songkhla province.
Missing numbers are tambon which now form Bang Kaeo District.
But young Yun Xiang would not let anyone touch his mother, and threatens to bang his head on the wall if they do.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Khuan Kalong of Satun province; Rattaphum, Bang Klam, Khuan Niang, Singhanakhon, Mueang Songkhla, Na Mom, Chana, Sadao, and Khlong Hoi Khong.
Missing numbers are tambons which now form districts Bang Klam and Khlong Hoi Khong.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Khuan Niang, Bang Klam, and Hat Yai of Songkhla Province; Khuan Kalong of Satun province; and Pa Bon of Phatthalung province.
He adds that the only being who does not like the Core is a creature called the "Void" (voiced by Mark Hamill) who is an ancient, malevolent, being who existed before the Big Bang, and who sits at the edge of the Solar System, scheming to stop the Core.
 Bang Tango – "I'm No Stranger"
 Wie is bang voor moslims?
He describes the VGR's destruction by sheer luck a "desperate way to end a desperate episode", summing up "Renegade Rocket" as "little more than pulling the trigger without a bullet, a bang without an impact".
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Ratsada of Trang Province; Thung Song of Nakhon Si Thammarat province; Pa Phayom and Si Banphot of Phatthalung province; Mueang Trang and Wang Wiset of Trang Province; and Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat province.
There are three townships (thesaban tambons): Huai Yot covers parts of tambons Huai Yot and Khao Pun; Na Wong covers parts of tambons Na Wong, Bang Kung, and Wang Khiri; and Lam Phu Ra covers parts of tambon Lam Phu Ra.
The band had previously released the song "Together Tonight" as a four-piece on Strum ünd Bang, Live!?
Bang Camaro is an American hard rock band from Boston, Massachusetts.
A BANG file[1](balanced and nested grid file) is a point access method which divides space into a nonperiodic grid.
In some early ICL mainframe computers, a bang file was a temporary data storage file whose name began with a !
The Dolphins began their 2005 regular season with a bang.
He has been a member of the Bang on a Can All-Stars, the Fred Frith Guitar Quartet, Steve Reich and Musicians, Zeena Parkins' Gangster Band, and Arnold Dreyblatt's Orchestra of Excited Strings.
November 16, 1966 the school was moved to Medicine Learning Center (Hong Bang Street, District 5) with well-equipped system, facility and students of Medicine and Dentistry have studied here up to date.
67) was built in 1805 by Jens Bang.
He has also appeared on HGTV’d, HGTV Showdown and Bang for Your Buck.
Lewis' role was to scream and bang metal chairs in an earthquake scene.
Her permanent audio-visual shows include The Masquerade Village at the Rio Casino, Las Vegas, the Big Bang at the Hayden Planetarium in New York, and the Niketown stores in New York City and London.
She is known for playing Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz on the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, for which she was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 2013.
In 2009, Rauch began playing the recurring role of Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz, a co-worker of Penny's at The Cheesecake Factory who began to date Howard Wolowitz, in the third season of TV's The Big Bang Theory.
In December 2011, Rauch and fellow cast members of The Big Bang Theory received the first of four nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
Sheldon Cooper - There is a running joke on The Big Bang Theory that Sheldon is obsessed with trains.
It was of no practical value for siege combat or other light artillery purposes, but it made a loud bang.
He came second in his first race, riding a "scrap" bike with a single fixed wheel that led his pedals to bang the road on corners.
The minor district Seka was established on 16 November 1958, when the five sub-districts, Seka, Dong Bang, Sang, Pho Mak Khaeng, and Tha Kok Daeng were split off from Bueng Kan district.
The minor district (king amphoe) Wan Yai was created on 16 September 1977, when the tambon Wan Yai, Pong Kham, and Bang Sai Noi were split off from Mukdahan district.
The Jets started the game with a bang, however, executing a flea flicker play as quarterback Kellen Clemens found Laveranues Coles for 57 yards, setting up Chris Baker's one-yard touchdown reception.
Typically, an accurate laser "shot" hitting a target such as a tank, will trigger cartridge-based WES equipment fitted to the tank which will give a flash, bang and smoke, signifying a hit in the exercise scenario.
The Big Bang Theory – Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki)
For Image Comics, he wrote stories for Big Bang Comics #7–8 (Dec. 1996 – Jan. 1997).
Robert De Niro - Bang the Drum Slowly
Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
In 2008 he appeared in an episode of The Big Bang Theory as a Jewish professor from whom Sheldon seeks advice in the episode "The Jerusalem Duality".
In general, though, superdeterminism is fundamentally untestable, as the correlations can be postulated to exist since the Big Bang, making the loophole impossible to eliminate.
The Rolling Stones covered it live five times between August and December 2005 on their A Bigger Bang Tour.
 "Bing Bang Bong (That's a Pirate Song)" – Wake up Jeff
"I Won't Be Crying" [Gang Bang DJ's Funky remix] – 4:52
From the central Siam Station, where it connects with the Silom Line, the line runs both northwards along Phaya Thai and Phahon Yothin Roads to Khu Khot in Lam Luk Ka District in Pathum Thani, and eastwards along Rama I, Phloen Chit and Sukhumvit Roads, through Bang Na District to Kheha Station in Samut Prakan.
A few off-peak eastbound trains run a through service on the Silom Line to Bang Wa, in order to increase the line capacity at peak hours.
 A further 7 km, four station extension from Kheha station to Bang Pu station is planned.
The remaining two stations Wutthakat (S11) and Bang Wa (S12) were opened on 5 December 2013.
Bang Hyeong-ju as Tungso
He has appeared frequently on other TV shows, including Dancing with the Stars, The Big Bang Theory, and Inside Amy Schumer.
In 2013, Nye guest starred in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Proton Displacement".
He is also the author of several books on film and pop culture history including Big Bang, Baby, The 100 Best Movies You've Never Seen, Son of the 100 Best Movies You've Never Seen and Rock and Roll Toronto: From Alanis to Zeppelin''.
During production of Zoey 101, Schneider came up with the idea of the show and its name with his friend and producer of The Big Bang Theory, Steven Molaro.
The Lucky Lehrer signature Speed Stick by Ahead that is distributed by Big Bang Percussion is designed to be lighter to support faster playing.
 Big Bang, poetry (Providence: Copper Beach Press, 1999) 
Eric Peterson (The Big Bang Theory) Season 7 ep 16, Valentines Episode - befriends Sheldon as fellow train enthusiast.
The program is about explanation of the Big Bang theory through the M theory and that there are many other parallel universes with different laws of physics.
Atlantic Center has often been the starting point for new works which go on to be shown at national museums and performance centers such as the Metropolitan Opera, Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, the Spoleto Festival, Jacob's Pillow, the Walker Art Center, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the Museum of Modern Art, and Bang on a Can.
Gang Bang Mania-Bertha
 Bang Sue - Ban Pachi - Pak Nam Pho with a total distance of 252 km and a projected budget of 28,720.24 Million Baht.
Bang Sue - Nong Pla Duk - Hua Hin with a total distance of 209 km and a projected budget of 33,572.42 Million Baht.
Bang Sue - Makkasan - Chachoengsao - Pattaya with a total distance of 160 km and a projected budget of 10,127.29 Million Baht.
 Bang (2007, The Bevonshire Label)
"Forward - dash - bang - clank, and there we were in the midst of such smoke, cheer, and clatter, as never before stunned a mortal's ear.
Musicians with whom Kahil EL'Zabar has collaborated include Dizzy Gillespie, Stevie Wonder, Nina Simone, Cannonball Adderley, Paul Simon, Pharoah Sanders, and Billy Bang.
 Spirits Entering (Delmark, 2001) - with Billy Bang
He calls the plot twist "flatly" delivered, stating that the reveal of the Mysterons' true target "goes for a bang but has little impact, whilst watching the episode back only shows how mundane the whole affair winds up being."
This was Diamond's first album consisting entirely of original material, and his final album for the Bang label.
After the success of Diamond's next three albums, it was re-issued in October 1970 with a new sleeve and included a remake of "Shilo", a song that had previously been recorded for Bang Records and had appeared on the preceding album, Just For You.
The producers wanted to mark the departure of Alexander with a bang.
Following the departure of guitarist Charlotte Hatherley in early 2006, the band began recording their next album in New York City at Bang Studios, which they had leased from a friend of a friend.
The sessions were held at Bang Studios, a studio the band leased from a friend of a friend; Wheeler served as the producer, with Hamilton and McMurray acting as associate producers.
In 2017, Donihue directed another socially driven action comedy, The Bang Brokers.
In March, the Recon platoon was engaged in limited search and destroy operations as well as road sweeps between Cu Chi Base Camp and Trang Bang to the north on QL-1 and to Hoc Mon Bridge on QL-1 to the south.
1973 Bang on a Drum (BBC RBT 17)
The mineral water is rich in calcium and other minerals and is now bottled for use by the Bang Mineral Water Company.
The area arond Bang Spa is being studied for potential geothermal energy uses.
Bang Hot Spring in official of Vietnam Administration of Tourism
Bang That Bell (2000)
Fans had to wait until 2004 to get their hands on a new studio release from The Hobos, but when it finally came out, it came out with a bang.
 "The Bristol Sessions: Writings About the Big Bang of Country Music," by Charles K. Wolfe and Ted Olson, McFarland & Co., Inc., Publishers, 2005.
They supported Split Enz on the Australian leg of their Enz with a Bang farewell tour in October–November 1984.
He was a 10th-generation descendant of Zhang Liang, a strategist and statesman who served under Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
Bang Soo-hyun (Hangul: 방수현; Hanja: 方銖賢; born 13 September 1972) is a former badminton player from South Korea who was one of the world's leading women's singles players of the 1990s.
Bang competed in badminton at the 1992 Summer Olympics in women's singles.
In quarterfinals Bang Soo-hyun edged Sarwendah Kusumawardhani of Indonesia 11–2, 3–11, 12–11 to advance to the semifinals.
Bang won the quadrennial Asian Games in 1994, and the prestigious All England Open Badminton Championships over Ye Zhaoying in 1996, having been a runner-up in close matches in both 1992 and 1993.
All of the album's songs were recorded on an ADAT eight-track machine and the album was released as a vinyl record on Spanish record label Bang!
Choi Han-kyul (Gong Yoo) is the grandson of chairwoman Bang (Kim Young-ok) of Dong-in Foods, a company that has a thriving coffee business.
Ru Yi Jing Gu Bang - Magical staff wielded by the Monkey King Sun Wukong in the Chinese classic novel, Journey to the West.
Ruyi Jingu Bang – A magical staff wielded by Sun Wukong in Journey to the West.
Suddenly, a loud bang is heard from the parking lot, which turns out to be a bomb set off in Matt Royston's car.
The dome is visible through the window of the main characters' apartment building in the television show The Big Bang Theory, set in Pasadena.
According to TSN, Peters was criticized for placing a dangerous hit on Lasse Bang, who suffered a concussion as a result of the hit.
The Pete Carroll era of the Patriots started with a bang as Drew Bledsoe threw for 340 yards and four touchdowns in a 41–7 runaway.
During the approach to Aberdeen from the North Hutton platform, a loud bang was heard, followed by severe vibration.
This is the way the world ends / This is the way the world ends / This is the way the world ends / Not with a bang but a whimper.
Big Bang / Invention (2009, Freak Recordings)
| DaMMAge Fight League - The Big Bang
Captain Pak is able to deduce that the elderly Korean man is a well known "professional accident victim" known as "Whiplash Hwang" who pretends to let vehicles bang into him and then he tries to extort units for whatever he can.
He is an expert in observational cosmology and one of the original co-investigators for the WMAP probe that made precise observations of the cosmic background radiation, an electromagnetic echo of the Universe's Big Bang phase.
 baoki ba le bang ('the nurses only') the relative
Craig Harris of IGN considered the game to be "a fantastic apology for Crash Boom Bang!"
Because posterior crowns are wider and possess cuspal projections in various configurations, the cusps of the maxillary teeth and those of the mandibular teeth have an opportunity to bang into each other during chewing, speech or simply meeting together when one bites down.
The film featured Gabor participating in a gang bang.
In Holland and Smith's book, The Inside Story, the authors have outlined their original interpretation of the scene: "[EastEnders] starts with a bang, as a size ten boot kicks down the door that's locked from the inside.
Lieutenant Double Bang (Dargaud, 1970)
The Bulls kicked off their 1999 season with a huge bang as they thrashed Workington Town 92–0 in the Challenge Cup.
The Bulls started July with a bang as the outclassed Hull F.C.
Bradford started August with a bang as they beat local rivals Leeds Rhinos for the first time this year, a Lesley Vainikolo double helped the Bulls to a 46–18 victory at Valley Parade.
They released their first single "Music Matic" on Main Street Records in 1976, before signing to the independently distributed Bang Records.
The band continued to record for Bang records until 1982.
It is the lightest heteronuclear ion, and is believed to be the first compound formed in the Universe after the Big Bang.
This is because hydrogen and helium were almost the only types of atoms formed in Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
He had me get a gallon of vodka and a bag of ice and we went into the studio and bang, there it was.
Grossi has also written, toured and recorded with such artists as  Bang Tango, Steven Adler of Guns N' Roses, Adler's Appetite, Jani Lane of Warrant,  Beautiful Creatures,  Love/Hate, Skid Row, Dizzy Reed of Guns N' Roses (in Hookers & Blow), Orange County hardcore band Ignite and Elektra Records singer/songwriter Aimee Allen.
Smith published his debut book, the short story collection Bang Crunch, in 2007.
Recently, she has guest starred on Glee in the episode "I Kissed a Girl", and in The Big Bang Theory in the episode 4 "The Re-Entry Minimization" (season 6), but again she had a minor role.
This means that particle physics processes involving pion decay can be neglected until roughly that much time has passed since the Big Bang.
After touring Canada, Pearl Jam proceeded to open a Rolling Stones concert on the band's A Bigger Bang Tour on September 28, 2005 in Pittsburgh at PNC Park, then played two shows at the Borgata casino in Atlantic City, New Jersey, before closing the tour with a concert on October 3, 2005 in Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
The song was mixed in monophonic, which is the common version heard on all Neil Diamond compilations featuring original Bang singles.
Gulli Bang : Aired every Wednesday at 8:25 am and 4:25 pm, Saturday at 1:40 pm and Sunday at 8:25 am between 2012 and 2013.
The event made Sydney one of 10 global cities marking the theme of the day, to 'Make a Big Bang to Beat Poverty'.
Bruce Leung - Chen Bang, Chang Pang.
 Lotus du Meilleur Réalisateur:  Tanit Jitnukul for Bang Rajan
"Someone Like You" – Bang Tango  4:24
James and Kyle are recruited by the Animal Freedom Army, a new animal rights group that plans on coming into recognition with a bang.
On 6 April 1996, the team began with a bang, it won the first game in league history on a goal by Wynalda, also the league's first.
Le destin de l'univers : Le big bang, et après, collection « Découvertes Gallimard » (nº 151), série Sciences et techniques.
UK edition – The Changing Universe: Big Bang and After, 'New Horizons' series.
His work has appeared in hundreds of television episodes and films including Big Bang Theory, Nashville, Oprah, Criminal Minds, America's Next Top Model, Bojack Horseman, CBS Sports, NASCAR, and twelve seasons of the worldwide hit, NCIS.
The results confirmed the standard cosmological model, giving a baryon density of about 4%, which agrees with the density calculated from Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Yang Hyun-Suk has produced hugely successful artists under his company, most notably Jinusean, 1TYM, Wheesung, Gummy, Seven, Big Bang, 2NE1, Winner, iKon, Tablo, Epik High, Lee Hi, Blackpink, and Psy.
Winner: Travis Rice (Rookie Challenge: Mikkel Bang, Freestyle Motocross: Wiley Fullmer)
 2018 – "The big bang is coming to healthcare, and it will speak the next industrial revolution" – CNBC
Kang In-deok as Bang Pil-do, Ok-hee's ex-husband, barber, 59 y/o
 Matt Bang – assistant engineer
• "4U4Now4Life" for Rockapella from their album, Bang.
Andreas Bang Brecke (September 14, 1879 – June 13, 1952) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
"He was a very smart footballer — not a crash and bang type of player but very calculating.
Playing at Crosley Field until June 30, , when they moved into brand-new Riverfront Stadium, a 52,000 seat multi-purpose venue on the shores of the Ohio River, the Reds began the 1970s with a bang by winning 70 of their first 100 games.
The year started with a bang when Doug Rader clobbered a shot into the upper reserve (gold) seats in left field during an exhibition game on April 3.
The Brewers came out of the All-Star break with a bang as they won their first seven games back, all of them on the road, sweeping first the Giants and then the Cardinals, taking over first place in the Wild Card standings.
Down in Tupelo, Mississippi, I used to hear old Arthur Crudup bang his box the way I do now and I said if I ever got to a place I could feel all old Arthur felt, I'd be a music man like nobody ever saw."
She has worked with  Baikida Carroll, Julius Hemphill, Julian Priester, Oliver Lake, Billy Bang, Freddie Waits, Rufus Reid, Billy Hart, Reggie Workman, Celia Cruz, Chocolate Armenteros, and Paquito D'Rivera.
 Billy Bang – Rainbow Gladiator (Soul Note, 1981)
On 17 March 2014, astronomers at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics announced the apparent detection of the imprint gravitational waves in the cosmic microwave background, which, if confirmed, would provide strong evidence for inflation and the Big Bang.
This finding has been characterized as revolutionary to science, because of the verification of our ability to use gravitational-wave astronomy to progress in our search and exploration of dark matter and the big bang.
Cosmic inflation, a hypothesized period when the universe rapidly expanded during the first 10−36 seconds after the Big Bang, would have given rise to gravitational waves; that would have left a characteristic imprint in the polarization of the CMB radiation.
In 2016, he was featured on the track "Special Girl" on the CD Bang & Classic by Polish rapper Bosski Roman.
In December 2010, Vietnamese police arrested Nguyen Bang Viet, a former Vietnam Airlines employee, for allegedly sending text messages to other employees about a bomb planted in October 2010 on a Hanoi–Siem Reap flight.
 Big Bang Theory - Little Feat
Busta Rhymes - The Big Bang
Bands who played were Big Bang, Number Seven Deli, Lyd, and Thulsa Doom.
In 1995 the transmitter went out of service with a loud bang (literally).
Bang Records issued the song on his first solo album, Blowin' Your Mind!
It later appeared on the Bang compilation T.B.
Raphael Mechoulam and co-workers at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem suggest an alternative etymology for cannabis:  Greek cannabis < Arabic kunnab < Syriac qunnappa < Hebrew pannag (= bhanga in Sanskrit and bang in Persian).
As a result of accidental exposure to an experimental mutagen in an event known as the Big Bang, he gained the ability to control and manipulate electromagnetism, and uses these powers to become a superhero named "Static."
He strongly dislikes gangs and the destructive attitudes of most Bang Babies, and his work at the community center is motivated by a desire to counteract their bad influence on young people.
At first, Robert disliked Static; his open opinion about Static in the episode "Aftershock" left Virgil worried that the Big Bang might have aftereffects.
He was not present for the Big Bang, but Static's clothes still carried some of the gas, and his powers were dormant until Season Three.
Nina Crocker/Time-Zone (voiced by Rachael MacFarlane) is a Bang Baby with the ability to warp time, allowing her to travel into the past; during her time with her abilities, she was one of the strongest and most powerful metahumans on the planet.
Afterwards, Derek volunteered himself as a subject for Bang Baby research.
Their powers came from stepping in a spill of the chemicals from the Big Bang.
After the Big Bang, her hair turned white and her skin light blue, and she became an incredibly strong cryokinetic, able to create, manipulate and control frost, sleet, flurries, snow and ice, and create a massive, city-wide blizzards, hail and snowstorms.
Allie Langford/Nails (voiced by T'Keyah Crystal Keymáh) is a teenage girl who experienced a delayed reaction to the Big Bang.
Unlike fellow gang member, Chainlink, Dule can retract his tentacles, and thus hide the fact that he is a Bang Baby.
The Meta-Breed is a large gangster group of Bang Babies led by Ebon.
Ebon is always recruiting newer and much stronger members to add to his crew and has come head-to-head with several other Bang Babies over the course of his life.
Ebon and Hot-Streak fought over the final vial of gas and, being exposed to an overdose of it, merged into one giant Bang Baby-monster which combined both of their powers.
Ebon, whose powers were deteriorating, was forced to leave her behind; at the hospital, she abandoned the name of Talon for her real name, and told Static and Gear that Ebon was going to use the gas to set off another Big Bang.
Hot-Streak/Francis "F-Stop" Stone (voiced by Danny Cooksey) was one of the gang members at the docks when the Big Bang occurred.
The fights seem to be personal in some way, since Static and Hot-Streak already had history with each other as Virgil and Francis prior to the Big Bang.
Before the Big Bang, Francis was a feared school bully and gang leader who went under the nickname of "F-Stop" (due to his embarrassment at his Unisex name, "Francis", which a number of his fellow students have noticed) and often went after Virgil for his wisecracks at his expense.
With Static and Gear being the only two remaining Bang Babies, they were able to take down Ebon and Hot-Streak by blowing up a fuel tank inside their body, but it remains unknown whether the monster survived this final confrontation.
a being of living water, by the Big Bang.
Unlike other Bang Babies with transmorphic abilities like Rubber-Band Man, Aquamaria could not change back and forth from her true human form (at least she was never seen to have such an ability in either of her appearances during the series' run).
Later, a team of scientists offered her the chance to be the first to try their antidote for the Big Bang mutagen, and despite an attempt by Hot-Streak to sabotage the treatment, Aquamaria was eventually returned to normal.
Slipstream was seen in "Power Outage" among the nearly de-powered Bang Babies who were following an offer from Ebon to have their powers restored.
After both of their parents died and they were taken in by their grandmother, Boom/Bryon (voiced by Rickey D'Shon Collins) and his younger sister Mirage/Miranda were exposed to a spill of the Big Bang gas.
At one point, Carmendillo was accompanied by a dog-like Bang Baby, (similar to the Blood Syndicate character Dogg), whom he calls "Chomper".
Carmendillo was later seen "Where Rubber Meets The Road" where he is seen in a bar with other Bang Babies and makes fun of Tarmac stealing a valuable generator for only a $1000 and informs him of Alva's $1,000,000 reward.
She joined Ebon's crew, looking to regain them, along with several other Bang Babies.
With Static and Gear being the only two remaining Bang Babies, they were able to take down Ebon-Streak by blowing up a fuel tank inside their body, but it remains unknown whether the monster survived this final confrontation.
The Rough Pack are a gang of three Bang Babies led by Hyde, but the group went inactive after Kangor and Ferret left the group.
Kangor's exposure and reaction to the Big Bang gas has super-developed his lower body, especially his feet; the bone and muscle mass of Kangor's legs and feet is noticeably larger than his upper body, endowing him with incredible lower body strength and giving rise to his nom-de-crime.
Kangor uses his feet later on to break into the Dakota Bank in a heist along with the other Bang Babies in The Joker's crew.
He was cured by Batman’s antidote and eventually began to cause trouble again, but not before along with all the other Bang Babies, he was reverted to his human form, when the antidote was spread throughout the city.
Like most of the other Bang Babies, he was changed back to normal by Dr. Todd's antidote.
Despite the sole episode in which they appear making reference to more of these Bang Babies (season 4's "Army of Darkness"), these four are the only known members:
Nightingale lives underground along with other light-sensitive Bang Babies and is recruited by Ebon, who names them the Night-Breed, but she turns on Ebon during his attempt to blanket the entire city in pure "dark matter" (giving them free rein of it), absorbing it into herself.
Brickhouse (voiced by Dawnn Lewis) is Nightingale's best friend whom the Big Bang granted the ability to morph her body into a living brick-like humanoid state.
Tech (voiced by Freddy Rodriguez) is a human who the Big Bang gave him superhuman intelligence.
When he's released and finds out about his step-brother Dwayne's Bang Baby powers (the ability to warp reality), Aron tells his brother to manipulate them to get him free money and other goods from the banks and malls of Dakota.
Both were exposed together to the Big Bang gas and both gained metal tentacles and the ability to absorb metal objects, but Chainlink suffered the brunt of the attack.
Their actions however, were not without consequences, as a spider and a cockroach are exposed to the Big Bang liquid that spilled into the bin, and grow to giant size.
What became of Royce after these events was never revealed before the end of the series, though it can be assumed he was most likely subjected to Dr. Todd's Bang Baby cure when he exposed Dakota City to it.
For most of the episode, Frankie can be seen as Royce's lap dog, going along with all of Royce's antics, until Royce opts to expose himself to samples of Big Bang gas they had found in a metal briefcase they had stolen from a man on the subway.
When Royce mutated into a misshapen humanoid in the middle of class, Frankie was confronted by Virgil Hawkins, who then knew that Frankie knew where the stolen briefcase with the vials of Big Bang gas was hidden.
The Leech (voiced by David Arquette) is able to do just what his name implies, 'leech' the powers from any Bang Baby and keep them as his own (like his bloodsucking namesake, only different; also like Superman's Rogue-Gallery member, Parasite).
Onyx (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is a young man whose exposure to the Big Bang transformed him into a giant, purple-coloured 'boy of stone', granting him superhuman strength and durability, but which also makes him physically slow, heavy and ungraceful.
Onyx is Puff's long-time friend, even before they were exposed to the Big Bang gas.
Onyx also followed Puff when she briefly lead a group of Bang Babies she'd named the "Meta-Men", a team consisting of herself, Onyx, Hot-Streak and Carmen-dillo, who she had recruited to gang-up on Static and Gear; the Meta-Men, however, were easily dispatched by The Flash, Batman and Hawkgirl; after this, the Meta-Men never reassembled.
They pay a Bang Baby, called Tarmack, to steal a state-of-the-art cold fusion engine from Alva Industries (as they're also looking for revenge on Edwin Alva).
After the Big Bang, Bell became a large man of living hot tarmac.
This caused Alva Jr. to use the Bang Baby gas to gain different superpowers and ruin his father's company.
Donald Todd (voiced by Ed Begley Jr.) - A scientist at GenomaTech who worked on a cure for all Bang Babies under the orders of the governor.
Returning series48 Hours Mystery60 MinutesThe Amazing RaceBig BrotherCold CaseCSI: Crime Scene InvestigationCSI: MiamiCSI: NYCriminal MindsGhost WhispererHow I Met Your MotherJerichoNCISThe New Adventures of Old ChristineNumb3rsPower of 10Rules of EngagementSharkSurvivorTwo and a Half MenThe UnitWithout a TraceNew seriesThe Big Bang TheoryCaneFlashpoint *Greatest American Dog *Kid NationMillion Dollar Password *MoonlightSecret Talents of the Stars *Swingtown *Viva LaughlinWelcome to The Captain *
CBSThe Big Bang Theory – On October 19, 2007, the show was given a full 22-episode season.The Unit - On October 19, 2007, the show was given a full 22-episode season order.
Tove Bang as Pauline Tutein 
We could have just doused the wooden thing with gasoline and set fire to it, but we wanted it to go with a bang!"
In a token acknowledgement of the borough's earlier history, an entrance sculpture was commissioned tracing Croydon's story back to the Big Bang.
After the heroes had to restart existence with a new Big Bang, all alternate realities ceased to exist and this Alpha Centurion was no more.
Afterwards, wielding the Anti-Monitor body and overcome by its coercive persuasion and declaring that her former team cares nothing for her and her kind, the emotionless Aya takes control over the Manhunters before departing to travel back to the Big Bang so that the universe develops without emotional beings.
GQ had previously called her "the figure who set off Hollywood 2.0's Big Bang, the effects of which continue to radiate through the industry today.
In October 1950, tasked with taking Dong Khé during the disaster of Cao Bang, the mission was to save column "Charton" which was unfolding.
Situated on Silom Road, Bang Rak District.
The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019) – Most of the main characters are comic book fans.
The Big Bang Theory is an American television sitcom created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, both of whom served as executive producers on the series, along with Steven Molaro, all of whom also served as head writers.
On the evolution of the show, Chuck Lorre said, "We did the 'Big Bang Pilot' about two and a half years ago, and it sucked ... but there were two remarkable things that worked perfectly, and that was Johnny and Jim.
The first and second pilots of The Big Bang Theory were directed by James Burrows, who did not continue with the show.
Several of the actors in The Big Bang Theory previously worked together on the sitcom Roseanne, including Johnny Galecki, Sara Gilbert, Laurie Metcalf (who plays Sheldon's mother, Mary Cooper), and Meagen Fay (who plays Bernadette's mother).
Although some unofficial pages identify the song title as "History of Everything," the cover art for the single identifies the title as "Big Bang Theory Theme."
Gilbert returned to The Big Bang Theory for its 200th episode.
Like most shows created by Chuck Lorre, The Big Bang Theory ends by showing for one second a vanity card written by Lorre after the credits, followed by the Warner Bros. Television closing logo.
The Big Bang Theory started off slowly in the ratings, failing to make the top 50 in its first season (ranking 68th), and ranking 40th in its second season.
Throughout much of the 2012–13 season, The Big Bang Theory placed first in all of syndication ratings, receiving formidable competition from only Judge Judy and Wheel of Fortune (first-run syndication programs).
By the end of the 2012–13 television season, The Big Bang Theory had dethroned Judge Judy as the ratings leader in all of syndicated programming with 7.1, Judy descending to second place for that season with a 7.0.
The Big Bang Theory did not place first in syndication ratings for the 2013–14 television season, beaten out by Judge Judy.
During its eighth season, The Big Bang Theory shared its 8:30 pm time period with fellow CBS comedy, 2 Broke Girls.
The Big Bang Theory started off quietly in Canada, but managed to garner major success in later seasons.
The Big Bang Theory is telecast throughout Canada via the CTV Television Network in simultaneous substitution with cross-border CBS affiliates.
Now immensely popular in Canada, The Big Bang Theory is also rerun daily on the Canadian cable channel The Comedy Network.
The Big Bang Theory premiered in the United States on September 24, 2007, on CBS.
 The Big Bang Theory Gives Back
 The Ever-Expanding Universe of The Big Bang Theory
The Big Bang Theory also won the 2016 People's Choice Awards for under Favorite TV Show and Favorite Network TV Comedy with Jim Parsons winning Favorite Comedic TV Actor.
On January 20, 2016, The Big Bang Theory also won the International category at the UK's National Television Awards.
In November 2016, it was reported that CBS was in negotiations to create a spin-off of The Big Bang Theory centered on Sheldon as a young boy.
The prequel series, described as "a Malcolm in the Middle-esque single-camera family comedy" would be executive-produced by Lorre and Molaro, with Prady expected to be involved in some capacity, and intended to air in the 2017–18 season alongside The Big Bang Theory.
The initial idea for the series came from Parsons, who passed it along to The Big Bang Theory producers.
Perry is the real-life daughter of Laurie Metcalf, who portrays Mary Cooper on The Big Bang Theory.
American science fiction sitcom The Big Bang Theory created by Chuck Lorre, the creator of Two and a Half Men premieres on the Nine Network at 7:30 pm.
With 2003 and 2004 being mostly uneventful for Sekimoto, he started 2005 with a bang by winning the New Generation Battle Tournament by defeating HERO!
he would stand behind Stevenson's drum kit and bang on the floor toms and cymbals, as he is seen doing on Live '84's "I Won't Stick Anyone...").
It covers an area of 530 km², covering area of the tambon Chiao Liang, Ban Na and Bang Hin of Kapoe district, Nakha and Kam Phuan of Suk Samran, as well as tambon Khao Pang of Ban Ta Khun of Surat Thani Province.
Prayudh is currently serving as Abbot of Nyanavesakavan Temple (Wat Nyanavesakavan), located in Tambon Bang Krathuek, Amphoe Sam Phran, Nakhon Pathom Province.
世界唯一的妳  Lyricists: 徐世珍 / 永邦 (Yong Bang also co-wrote lyrics, credited on the some of internet and uncredited on the album)
 Bang Crash Boom Opera
She suggested that "Mel was bang on about one thing.
Jai West, actor, Hazard, Big Bang Love, Juvenile A
The year started with a bang on January 5, when the Boston Red Sox sold their star pitcher-turned-outfielder Babe Ruth to the Yankees for $125,000 ().
Another theory regarding the origin of the name speculates that it is shortened from Bang Makok (), makok being the name of Spondias pinnata, a plant bearing olive-like fruit.
After Xiang Yu was defeated by Liu Bang, Zhongli Mei committed suicide.
In 2013, after a two-year break, Jeon returned with Bang Eun-jin's Way Back Home, a film based on the true story of a housewife who was imprisoned for two years on the island of Martinique after being wrongly arrested for drug smuggling at Paris's Orly Airport in 2004.
The difference in the spellings Mangu and Mang'u arises from the use of the apostrophe ng''' in the written forms of Kenyan languages to differentiate between ng as in bang, hang and sing from ng as used in mango, anger and hunger.
 Maskiri returns with a bang The Standard extract 18 March 2019, retrieved 10 November 2019
Thomas Heatherwick's B of the Bang was a -high metal sculpture commissioned for the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
The series finale was met with mixed reviews, with Los Angeles Times reviewer Mary MacNamara mentioning that "24 managed to do what so many shows try and fail to do: Go out with not just a bang but its original convictions intact.
Bruce Brooks' introduction to the 1987 edition of The Kid from Tomkinsville  says that Tunis "obviously" inspired Mark Harris, author of Bang the Drum Slowly.
As CCO, Reilly oversaw licensing properties for the streaming service such as  Friends, Big Bang Theory, DC theatrical films, and external properties including Sesame Street, Studio Ghibli, South Park, and a BBC output deal.
 Bang & Olufsen ICEPower amplifier
  – the time of the big bang for worldlines at radius .
The winning song chosen solely by a panel of high-profile media personalities, one of whom was Thanos Kalliris, who had represented Greece in 1987 as part of Bang.
Plane Jane (as she is called by Baloo) was once a finishing school attendee with Princess Grace of Walla Walla Bing Bang, but "never finished".
Princess Grace (voiced by Victoria Carroll) is a white swan princess and first in line to the throne of the kingdom of Walla Walla Bing Bang in the episode "Waiders of the Wost Tweasure".
When said in a Walla Walla Bing Bang accent, her name is pronounced "Pwincess Gwace".
When said in a Walla Walla Bing Bang accent, his name is pronounced "Pwince Wudolf".
 A song by James Gang from Bang
The Biggest Bang is a four-disc concert DVD collection released by the Rolling Stones.
The collection documents several shows from the band's 2005–2006 legs of their A Bigger Bang Tour.
Over the desk of an anonymous modern researcher, we see a representation of the Big Bang.
The Union Council is subdivided into the following areas: Aziz Bang, Dessal, Khan, Sadra, Dharia, Sarbhana, Seergah, Mohar Khurd and Narian, Sungli.
One of Dr. Abian's most endearing hypotheses was the challenge to the Big Bang Theory with the Big Suck Theory.
Called "a flexible and expert sextet" by The New York Times, the ensemble was formed as an agile group with a set instrumentation to take on touring and recording projects for Bang on a Can that would not be feasible for the organization's massive "Marathon" concert productions.
 Children's ITV – The Big Bang from 1996–2004
She was one of the celebrity judges at the National Science + Engineering Competition at The Big Bang Fair in March 2012, which rewards students who have achieved excellence in a science, technology, engineering or maths project and awarded prizes for the Talent 2030 National Engineering Competition for Girls in 2015.
Route 4151 (westward to Amphoe Bang Khan, eastward to Amphoe Chulabhorn)
Ten, Nine, Eight is a children's picture book by Molly Bang, published in 1983.
Animated story of life since about 13,700,000,000 shows everything from the big bang to the formation of the Earth and the development of bacteria and other organisms to the ascent of man.
 The Big Bang Theory (2017) as Dr. Zane
Bang Pa-In Royal Palace (), also known as the Summer Palace, is a palace complex formerly used by the Thai kings.
It lies beside the Chao Phraya River in Bang Pa-in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province in Thailand.
After that King Chulalongkorn graciously ordered to build a marble monument at Bang Pa-In Palace in remembrance of the Queen and Princess.
Bang Pa-In Palace used to welcome many royal visitors in the reign of King Chulalongkorn graciously pleased to arrange to welcome the Grand Duke tsesarevich of Russia between 20 - 24 March 1891, which the ceremony was a very large event until happened a big speech for people doing something like "Still like the Russian Tsar".
 Wie is er bang voor de dood?
"The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament
In 1994 Karsten Nielsen began to write a Ph.D. dissertation "Audio Power Amplifiers Techniques Based on Efficient Power Conversion" at the Technical University of Denmark as part of a project in collaboration with Bang & Olufsen; his findings were applied in the Beolab 1 active loudspeakers in 1997, and he was awarded a Ph.D. in 1998.
Bang & Olufsen subsequently hired Nielsen.
In 1999 a new R&D company; a joint venture between Nielsen and Bang & Olufsen was formed, with the aim of designing integrated amplifiers components of powers up to 1000W as a discrete electronic device.
The company was initially called Bang & Olufsen PowerHouse.
Current customers seem to include Alpine, AMX, Aston Martin, Asus, Audi, Bowers & Wilkins, Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, Eclipse by Fujitsu Ten, Elipson, Gallien-Krueger, Aguilar, Genz-Benz, Jeff Rowland, Legacy Audio, MartinLogan, Pioneer, Peachtree Audio, PS Audio, Rotel, Teac, Wyred 4 Sound, Seymour AV, XTZ, Vazari Audio, Samsung as well as Bang & Olufsen.
The comic is featured in the episode of The Big Bang Theory, "The Jiminy Conjecture".
In 2018, the park started taking bids on a project to pave 18.5 kilometres of the Bang Krang to Phanoen Thung Road.
Allen was a writer and executive producer on the first season of IFC series Comedy Bang!
Bang!, which aired in 2012.
 Going Out With A Bang (2005)
The lyrics are changed to "I don't want to work, I just wanna bang on this mug all day".
On "Magnum" 2018, the song is the ringtone Juliet Higgins has assigned to Thomas Magnum, particularly the refrain “I don't want to work, I want to bang on the drum all day.”
BeoCom is a line of telephones manufactured by Bang & Olufsen.
On CBS it was a mid-season replacement for The Big Bang Theory, but the show was halted after its fifth episode aired due to poor ratings.
The game opened up with a bang for the Hawkeyes, as C.J.
The retreat, which threw away the gains of the February Lạng Sơn Campaign, was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Paul Gustave Herbinger, the acting commander of the 2nd Brigade, and came less than a week after General de Négrier's defeat at the Battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885).
Featured guests included Wayne Kramer, Billy Bang, Frank Lowe, and Dennis Charles.
 Leonard Hofstadter, in The Big Bang Theory
"Solitary Man" is a song that was written and composed by American musician Neil Diamond, who himself initially recorded the song for BANG Records in late January 1966.
Recorded in late January 1966 and initially released on BANG Records in April 1966, "Solitary Man" was Diamond's debut single as a recording artist, having already had moderate (but accidental) success as a songwriter for other artists; their versions of the songs he had already written and composed were released before his own versions of them were.
After Diamond had renewed commercial success with Uni Records at the end of the decade, BANG Records re-released "Solitary Man" as a single and it reached No.
 Robo-Hood first appeared in Big Bang #21.
Percy: The second and final humour strip in Big Bang Comics, this time satirising the older generation of science-fiction films.
Bang Lime is an indie rock group created by Joules Scott-Key and Josh Winstead of the new wave/indie group Metric.
This was Scott-Key and Winstead's introduction to a wider spectrum of musical styles that would be heard later in their first Bang Lime album.
This ensemble became Bang Lime.
At present, Bang Lime is based in Oakland, California, where they have further experimented musically with facets of the punk genre.
The complexity of Bang Lime's sound stems from Winstead's and Scott-Key's exposure to several different genres of music over their years of experience that have been compressed into one conglomerate sound.
With the subsequent song "The Death of Death", a new sound is expressed, one that sounds almost "like a stripped down version of Queens Of The Stone Age" in terms of Bang Lime's incorporation of "fat guitar licks and infectious melodies".
 Spin Magazine - Meet Bang Lime
Recently Citron created a 15-minute film entitled Cosmic Origins: From the Big Bang to Humanity as a showcase for the work of the Foundation For the Future.
One night there came a loud bang as the water pressure canister at the pumphouse flew through the pumphouse roof, landing 15 m away from the pumphouse in the bushes on Bornwieserweg.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (Phil Green (Rhys Ifans))
Within a few years, however, they were upstaged by an even younger group of precocious badminton talents that included Indonesia's Susi Susanti, South Korea's Bang Soo-hyun, and China's own Ye Zhaoying.
As  pre-event favorite for the gold medal, however, her lopsided loss to Korean player Bang Soo-hyun received such negative criticism in China that she considered immediately retiring.
In 1993 she took another bronze medal at the individual world championships, again losing to Bang Soo-hyun but in an extremely close match.
Knott's version had a fourth option: Big Bang Plus, in which the rotation were all random.
It is the first English anime dub ever produced by Bang Zoom!
 "Gang Bang Suicide" – 6:22
Vivian Bang (born 1983), American actress
Ole Paus has written a song entitled “Veierland” (on the album “Stjerner i rennesteinen”) about the island, while author Karin Bang has written three novels in which the island goes by the name Jutøy.
In the episode "It's Raining Pussy" she mistook a stun gun for a sexual toy; however, she ended up enjoying it and considered it to be "The greatest bang I ever had!"
Bang the Drum Slowly is a 1973 American sports drama film directed by John D. Hancock, about a baseball player of limited intellect who has a terminal illness, and his brainier, more skilled teammate.
, Bang the Drum Slowly holds a rating of 92% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 38 reviews.
The engineers working on the bridge first heard a long bang, like steel snapping, and then accompanied by the shrieking of broken metal, the center portion of bridge suddenly tipped into the Rhine, and the two end sections slumped off their piers.
"Pilot" (The Big Bang Theory)
Its products are aimed at fans of science fiction and fantasy TV and films in particular, though it also has items of broader appeal, such as The Big Bang Theory and Dexter.
The toymakers at Bif Bang Pow!
Kangin was replaced by T.O.P of Big Bang as the MC of Show!
夢 mang vs. Quanzhou bang.
The President's Last Bang (cameo; 2005)
 Neil Diamond, The Bang Years 1966-1968 (Columbia/Legacy 2011)
It also, when the target reached an indicated range of less than , took over the generation of transmitter trigger pulses and delayed these by , thus enabling the received pulses to pass through the Big Bang, as it was called, of normally timed Tx pulses.
Sharkoko released its first album, Feuded in 1999, on the indie Belgian label BANG!
The Bang is a South African indie pop band from Johannesburg, South Africa.
As of April 2010 band members Joshua Gregg and Brad Kallenbach left The Bang to form the new group Cold War Candy Drop.
"Rough Justice" is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones that was released as a double A-side single with "Streets of Love" from their 2005 album A Bigger Bang.
Game 2 at Eldredge Park saw the Kettleers bang out a 7–1 victory on five hits and 14 walks to give Hubbard's crew their third consecutive Cape League crown.
- "Your Life" from Bang Your Head 3: Special Edition (2011)
In Japan, 1981, a Japanese-language version was released by RVC, performed by Japanese unit BIG BANG (Yoshifumi Oba, Yoshihiko Shiraishi, Katsumi Takeichi, Shunji Inoue), produced by Koichi Fujita.
Aside from her music career, Solbi has also achieved fame as a television host on MBC, in the shows Sang Sang Plus (season 2) (alongside Lee Hyori and Shin Jung-hwan) and Music Core with Big Bang members Seung Ri and Dae Sung from March 2008 to March 2009, later replaced by Tiffany and Yuri of Girls' Generation.
He served under Liu Bang (Emperor Gaozu), the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
Around 209 BC, when Liu Bang rebelled against the Qin dynasty, Lu Wan supported him in the rebellion.
Liu Bang became the King of Han and was given Hanzhong and the Bashu region (present-day Sichuan and Chongqing) as his domain.
Liu Bang also gave Lu Wan a title of nobility – Marquis of Chang'an ().
In the winter of 202 BC, after Liu Bang defeated Xiang Yu at the Battle of Gaixia, he ordered Lu Wan and Liu Jia () to lead troops to attack Gong Wei, the King of Linjiang.
By then, Liu Bang had unified most – if not all – of the former Eighteen Kingdoms under his control and established the Han Empire with himself as its first emperor; he is historically known as Emperor Gaozu of the Han dynasty.
Although Liu Bang had already awarded vassal king titles to seven men who were not from his own clan, he wanted to make Lu Wan a vassal king as well so he sought his subjects' opinions.
Chisato Shirasagi, a character in the media franchise BanG Dream!
Kailangan bang may gulo?"
The track survives in the 6th floor of Central City Bang Na.
Offering what GameSpot called "more bang for less buck", Bethesda set the PC release price at US$1.89, and the Xbox 360 release price at 150 Marketplace points, equivalent to US$1.88.
 "Public Enemies", a 2020 song by Farid Bang
 49 Bim, Bam & Clover - Immigrant's Flight / Bang Shangalang 7" B Side - Peter Austin & Hortense
Kirkus Reviews was more critical saying that the novel opened with a bang but delivered "few thrills or chills after that" and with regard to the author they said "Twelve Hawks' bad habits include indulging in lengthy excursions to poorly elucidated multiple dimensions and delivering multiple lectures à la Crichton."
The Third Annual Rocklahoma had over seventy bands on four stages, including favorites from previous Rocklahoma festivals, Beautiful Creatures, LA Guns featuring Tracii Guns, Bang Tango, Lillian Axe, Gypsy Pistoleros and Faster Pussycat.
Much like a pencil falling to the ground from its tip in a trade off of symmetry for stability, Davies writes that the Big Bang could have established a complex but stable universe (or multiverse) from symmetry breaking as the heat radiation in "space" lowered abruptly past the Curie Point.
Following is a smattering of the bands and artists who have played in the series: Bang!
bang to rights  Caught in the act.
A leaked video of a speech given at Liberty Baptist Church Sportsman's Banquet on September 27, 2012, shows Broun telling supporters that, "All that stuff I was taught about evolution and embryology and the Big Bang Theory, all that is lies straight from the pit of Hell."
Kim's notable students were Lee Han-Chul, Kim Woo-Tak (who founded the Kuk Sool Kwan Hapkido dojang), Huh Il-Woong, Lee Joo Bang (who founded modern Hwarang-do), Na Han-Dong, Shin Dong-Ki, Suh In-Hyuk (who founded Kuk Sool Won) and Kim, Jong Yun (President of the Korea Hapkido Federation).
The Big Bang Observer (BBO) is a proposed successor to the Laser Interferometer Space Antenna (LISA) by the European Space Agency.
The primary scientific goal is the observation of gravitational waves from the time shortly after the Big Bang, but it would also be able to detect younger sources of gravitational radiation, like binary inspirals.
Prior to the publication of the B2FH paper, George Gamow advocated a theory of the Universe in which almost all chemical elements, or equivalently atomic nuclei, were synthesized during the Big Bang.
Gamow's theory (which differs from present-day Big Bang nucleosynthesis theory) would imply that the abundance of the chemical elements would remain mostly static over time.
According to their view, fusion in stars would produce small amounts of helium, adding only slightly to its abundance from the Big Bang.
The early Universe consisted of only the light elements formed during Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Some have argued that Fred Hoyle deserved similar recognition for theoretical work on the topic, and contend that his unorthodox views concerning the Big Bang stopped him being awarded a share of the Nobel Prize.
Writers in this field, like poet Mary Jo Bang, author and MacArthur Fellow Aleksandar Hemon, composer and bandmaster Thomas Tyra, and Emmy-nominated screenwriter Lew Hunter are also alumni.
Bang & Olufsen and ELLE pick up where Xelibri failed (Vision Mobile)
 Gang Bang - 4:05
Seemingly after Ricketts' departure, the channel has not continued its yearly tradition of hosting Smosh Summer and Winter Games, and early in 2018, the channel's most consistently popular show, Game Bang, was paused indefinitely and was later implied to be cancelled.
The band played with the Contemporary Youth Orchestra, playing a set of 16 songs, including three songs from their 2005 studio album Big Bang Theory.
Yoginder Alagh, a former Union Minister and Sengupta's longtime colleague and friend, said that the reforms championed by Sengupta at the time "were our own, not big bang IMF/World Bank reform initiatives."
 Most Popular Chinese Singer: 13th EDC Dong Fang Feng Yun Bang Awards (Taiwan Area)
 The Sugarplastic, Bang, The Earth Is Round (Geffen, 1996)
The Big Bang Theory - Barenaked Ladies
 Bang Yos Gold Cup: 2004, 2005, 2006
!-magazine, and played the renowned Bang Your Head Festival in Balingen, Germany, as a result.
The increasing popularity of the event saw more than 2000 people attend 2011's Village Fair, which was headlined by Sparkadia and supporting acts Papa Vs Pretty, DJ Sampology, Ball Park Music, Bang Gang Deejays, and Owl Eyes.
Smokin is the debut album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang, independently released in 1995 under the name Kid Jonny Lang & The Big Bang.
The two follow Bosco's soul through the portal, while the spaceship explodes just as it reaches the beginning of time, causing the Big Bang.
Alongside the lead track, there are 6 more songs on the album; songs that Kristina recorded with her former band Big Bang as well as the big hit "Znaes koj e toj" which was a Radio and TV favourite during the summer of 2001.
Thma Bang district is bordered on the east by Sre Ambel District and Aoral District of Kompong Speu Province, on the west by Koh Kong District and Mondol Sima District, on the north by Velveng District and Krovanh District of Pursat Province and on the south by Botumsakor District.
Thma Bang district has 6 communes comprising to 17 villages and occupies .
He would matriculate at the School of Hygiene and Public Health in the Department of Pathobiology under Bernhard Bang.
 The Big Bang, White Rabbit Museum, Sydney, Australia
Furthermore, in January 2007 Dantès is interviewed by the famous host Yi Wen during the Zui ai K ge bang 最爱K歌榜 program in Shanghai Love Radio.
Osman returned with a bang, winning a $48 million contract for Nasser's pet project, the Aswan Dam.
He then went to work for Five Star Production, working with director Thanit Jitnukul on the films Bang Rajan and Kunpan: Legend of the Warlord.
a non-standard cosmology, the hypothetical moment of big bang is still determined using the benchmark cosmological models which may coincide with the end of the inflationary epoch.
Skipholt, Kling & Bang, Reykjavik
  Trevor Burrowes, Bang Art Review
Let It Bang (featuring Ness & Skyzoo)
Go Bang Your Tambourine; 1970
 Bang Seung-Hwan - UiTM, Kedah - 2014, 2015-2016
The 2007 season starts off with a bang.
 Bullwinkle Makes a Hit or I Get a Bang out of You
Starring: Kim Gun-mo, Kim Yong-man, Ji Sang-ryul, Jung Hyung-don, Cho PD, Kim Shin-young, Park Gyu-ri, G.NA, Bang Yong-gukMusic Variety Lulu Lala (Korean: 뮤직 버라이어티 룰루랄라) is a music-healing variety show, a second season of Carried By The Wind.
An alternate version of "Beside You" (6:05) appears on the album Bang Masters (recorded in 1967, released in 1991), featuring Van Morrison on electric guitar rather than an acoustic.
An electric guitar version of this song also appears on The Authorized Bang Collection (released in 2017), listed as "Beside You (Take 5)."
In 2013 he was engaged for a set on the Music  Festival 'Punktfestivalen' in Kristiansand, where he also collaborated on recordings for the album Crime scenes (2006) with Jan Bang and Erik Honoré among others.
But Adams preferred to sit in the bleachers, where there were no seats to bang.
The Greek captain, Apostolos Mangouras, reported a loud bang from the starboard side and as the ship began to take on water from high waves the engines shut down and he  called for help from Spanish rescue workers.
The Best: Make the Music Go Bang!
 Billy G. Bang - vocals
They all expand on the theory […] that if an infinite number of monkeys were left to bang on an infinite number of typewriters, sooner or later they would accidentally reproduce the complete works of William Shakespeare (or even just one of his sonnets)."
He also proposed original hypotheses for dark matter and the behavior of the Universe around the Big Bang.
Big Bang et au-delà, Paris, Dunod, 2012
The game's playstyle is regarded as relatively "old school" in comparison to many other dōjin fighter releases such as Melty Blood, Eternal Fighter Zero, or Big Bang Beat, as many of the systems and conventions in the game are rather similar to several late 1990s fighting games made by companies such as Capcom.
 David Schramm (astrophysicist) (1945–1997), American expert on the big bang theory and dark matter
Things started off with a bang, as Maguire hit his first Major League home run on Opening Day off Cincinnati Reds pitcher Dolf Luque.
During his time at the Mount Wilson and Palomar observatories, he became a protege of Edwin Hubble, and many other noted astronomers, and it is believed that alongside Hubble he contributed to the big bang theory.
 History of the Big Bang theory
Bang!, 1990, 2.13.61 Publications, .
Compilation of High Adventure in the Great Outdoors, Pissing in the Gene Pool, Bang!, Art To Choke Hearts and One From NoneSolipsist, August 1998, 2.13.61 Publications, The Portable Henry Rollins, February 10, 1998, Villard, .
Contains material from: High Adventure in the Great Outdoors, Art to Choke Hearts, Bang!, Black Coffee Blues, Get In the Van: On the Road with Black Flag, Do I Come Here Often?, Solipsist & previously unpublished materialDo I Come Here Often?
Bang Berntsen was deputy mayor of Nord-Rana municipality during the period 1937–1941.
Nur vor dem Abschiednehmen ist mir bang (text by F. X. Seidl)
Ando co-starred in Takashi Miike's Big Bang Love, Juvenile A with Ryuhei Matsuda.
 Big Bang Love, Juvenile A (2006) - Shiro Kazuki
The 22 seconds long commercial episodes were produced by Ogilvy India agency in partnership with Bang in the Middle.
Wat Bang Nom Kho () is a Buddhist temple in Sena district, Ayutthaya Province, Thailand.
Between 5 and 6 a.m., groups fanned out into the ghetto to bang on doors and order the residents to leave their homes in one hour.
 "Comin, Out the Cage" samples "Give Up the Funk (Tear the Roof Off the Sucker)" and "Big Bang Theory" by Parliament
In 1972, Bellaphon Records Riedel & Co. KG represented Musidisc (France); Orange and Reflection (both of the United Kingdom); Audio Fidelity, Bang, Brunswick, Cadet, Cadet/Concept, Casablanca, Checker, Chess, Fantasy/Galaxy,  and Hot Wax (all of the United States); Janus and GRT (both of Canada).
Lino Brocka Award: The President's Last Bang by Im Sang-soo (South Korea)
Big Bang Comics would later reprint the stories in Doctor Weird Special #1 in 1994.
 Bang Eun-hee as stepmother, Keum-shil's mother
Bang Shang a Lang (BSL) are an Australian pub rock band.
After the Wiggles formed, Cook would periodically play with Bang Shang a Lang when available.
"the WORLD" was covered by Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
 The Big Bang - was aired in 2009, only 1996–1998 episodes aired; the early 2000s episodes were aired on Astro TVIQ in 2009
The flash powder explodes in midair with a loud bang and a bright white flash.
The airbomb effect, a loud bang and flash, is still part of many larger fireworks.
The southern section of this motorway was completed in November 2007 which joined Bang Na-Trat Highway (Route 34) and Rama II Highway (Route 35).
At the end of the 1913 season, Sporting Life editor Ed Bang wrote of Blanding: "Fritz has always proved himself a willing worker and game to the core."
Chickens, written and directed by Aaron Saidman, featured Rodriguez, Mackenzie Astin, Vivian Bang, and Freeman Michaels.
Music to Gang Bang is the seventh studio album by American gangsta rap group Compton's Most Wanted (labeled as Compton's Most Wanted with MC Eiht).
It was during his time with the band that he met Joe Lesté of Bang Tango.
More than a month later, Jung and Lee came back with a bang to win the All England Open, beating Choong Tan Fook and Lee Wan Wah in a thrilling semi-final (coming back from a 16–20 deficit in the third game) and compatriots Lee Jae-jin and Hwang Ji-man in the finals.
More than a month later, Lee and Jung came back with a bang to win the 2008 All England Open, beating Choong Tan Fook and Lee Wan Wah in a thrilling semi-final (coming back from a 16–20 deficit in the third game) and Hwang Ji-man and Lee Jae-jin, also from Korea, in the final.
Sûreté du Québec officers confronted Brigham the evening of the blast, accusing him of writing two threatening letters, the one sent to Amtrak, and another found in a local hotel room that included comments such as "Time Bomb Set For 10:30 Prox" and "Papacy ended with a bang Sept. 3".
Performances in New York City, San Francisco, Boston and Bali have combined the traditional Balinese gamelan and dancers with Western musicians from the Bang on a Can All-Stars.
However, all the cheese ends up raining down on the mice, causing Sylvester to cry and bang his head on an electric pole in vexation.
}}David Matranga''' is an American voice actor who works primarily for English dubbed anime for Funimation, Sentai Filmworks, and Bang Zoom!
Seezinz give kids pots and pans to bang on during the story, and she engages one kid by having her free the mermaid (played by Hotlanta).
The Big Bang itself is a scientific theory and as such stands or falls by its agreement with observations.
However, as a theory which addresses the nature of the universe since its earliest discernible existence, the Big Bang carries possible theological implications regarding the concept of creation out of nothing.
In the 1920s and 1930s, almost every major cosmologist preferred an eternal steady state universe, and several complained that the beginning of time implied by the Big Bang imported religious concepts into physics; this objection was later repeated by supporters of the steady-state theory, who rejected the implication that the universe had a beginning.
The view from the Hindu Puranas is that of an eternal universe cosmology, in which time has no absolute beginning, but rather is infinite and cyclic, rather than a universe which originated from a Big Bang.
This can be seen as corresponding to the Big Bang theory.
The Big Bang theory was partly developed by a Catholic priest, Georges Lemaître, who believed that there was neither a connection nor a conflict between his religion and his science.
At the November 22, 1951, opening meeting of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, Pope Pius XII declared that the Big Bang theory does not conflict with the Catholic concept of creation.
Some Conservative Protestant Christian denominations have also welcomed the Big Bang theory as supporting a historical interpretation of the doctrine of creation; however, adherents of Young Earth creationism, who advocate a very literal interpretation of the Book of Genesis, tend to reject the theory.
Mirza Tahir Ahmad, head of the Ahmadiyya community, asserted in his book Revelation, Rationality, Knowledge & Truth that the Big Bang theory was foretold in the Quran.
This view that the Qu'ran references the initial singularity of the Big Bang is also accepted by many Muslim scholars outside of the Ahmadiyya community such as Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri, who is a Sufi scholar, and Muhammad Asad, who was a nondenominational Muslim scholar.
It discusses the connection between the Big Bang and God from a Christian perspective.
From 2007 to 2019, he was the executive producer and co-creator with Chuck Lorre of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 The Big Bang Theory, 2007–2019 (creator, writer, executive producer)
In 1884, he cofounded the newspaper Politiken with Hørup and Hermann Bang.
Part I (Chapters 1-4) covers the Big Bang, the early development of the Universe, and how these topics relate to the Eternal Inflation Multiverse (Level II in the Tegmark hierarchy of Multiverses).
Waktu - chamber ensemble, Bang on a Can Summer Festival, New York (Adeline Wong)
He also had a part in the NCIS season 10 episode "Hereafter" as Charles Kang / Chucky Bang.
Morales started off the 2010 MLS season with a bang, tallying two goals and an assist against the San Jose Earthquakes.
 Kaya Bang Ipiit at Saka Tanuran ang Isang Gunita (1981).
He has also done voice-work for ADV Films, Bang Zoom!
A huge bang silenced the crowd and was followed by "My God, look out" from the commentator.
Those champagne corks will bang high,
Howard Bloom's treatise "The Global Brain: The Evolution of Mass Mind from the Big Bang to the 21st Century" examines similarities in organizational patterns in nature, human brain function, society, and the cosmos.
Mantello Di Vongola Primo (Mantle of Vongola Primo) which acts as a barrier that wraps around Tsuna like a cloak and Mitten Di Vongola Primo (loosely translated as "Primo's Glove"), where Tsuna can use the technique Big Bang Axle.
Those bands included new Bodog artists Boston's Fear Nuttin' Band, Miami's Big Bang Radio, Dallas's Ashmore, Houston's Subversa, Atlanta's The Mood, Minneapolis's Leroy Smokes, Los Angeles's Blaxmyth, Phoenix's Idle Red, San Francisco's Strifer, and Philadelphia's Burn Down All Stars.
The project has currently released two full-length albums (Heta Himlen and Bang & Whimper), two EPs (The Jellyrox and Embellish), and a few singles.
In 2016, Best Friend Fight remixed the song "Enough" off The Jellyrox's album Bang & Whimper''.
The world's first female cabinet minister in an internationally recognized government was Nina Bang, Danish Minister of Education from 1924 to 1926.
Haakon Bang, PhD, 1950–1952
Yet, they started the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup with a bang as they defeated the local South Korean team with an array of constant attacks and effective counter-attacks that completely overwhelmed their opponents.
The application of this database to observational cosmology provided independent evidence against the steady state theory and supported the Big Bang model of the universe.
Big Bang Beat - 1st Impression - is a dōjin fighting game made by NRF based on the eroge  by AliceSoft.
In August 2011 the sequel Big Bang Beat - Revolve was released.
There are several key gameplay mechanics unique to Big Bang Beat:
It was replaced by Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
Dick has conducted interviews with many contemporary poets who have had an influence on her work, such as Alice Notley, Cole Swensen, Marilyn Hacker, and Mary Jo Bang (who was the previous poetry editor of Boston Review).
The dance remixes are fantastic and this should bang the clubs, and could do decent on the radio."
It would again be performed during the 2006 leg of the A Bigger Bang Tour and in 2013 during the 50 & Counting... Tour.
They were first heard on the radio with the song 'You are My Most Loved Person' (你是我最深愛的人), which was written by the composer - Yong Bang (永邦), but was sung a cappella.
From 2007 to 2019, Parsons played Sheldon Cooper in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Breakthrough role in The Big Bang Theory
In September 2010, Parsons and co-stars Johnny Galecki and Kaley Cuoco signed new contracts, guaranteeing each of them $200,000 per episode for the fourth season of The Big Bang Theory, with substantial raises for each of the next three seasons.
In August 2014, Parsons, Galecki and Cuoco once again signed new contracts, guaranteeing each of them $1 million per episode for the eighth, ninth, and tenth seasons of The Big Bang Theory, as well as quadrupling their percentage of the show's earnings to over 1% each.
Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, INA-GRM (Radio-France), Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra New Music Festival, festival international de musique actuelle de Victoriaville, Bang on a Can Festival, Relâche ensemble, Esprit Orchestra, Orchestre symphonique de Montréal, Orchestre symphonique de Laval, G.M.E.M.
According to David Konow's Bang Your Head: The Rise and Fall of Heavy Metal, the album was recorded during the Spring Break of 1985 when Pinole Valley High School juniors Jeff Becerra and Larry LaLonde had ample time for studio production.
He returned to first-class action with a bang in June 1946, taking eight wickets against the Royal Air Force in what was to prove the RAF's last first-class match.
Powerhead or bang stick: A specialized firearm used underwater that is fired when in direct contact with the target.
Herouni’s telescope, Big Bang Theory, and Ian Gillan’s only question, Mediamax, 2019
The Last Dance Tour is the sixth concert tour in Japan and eleventh overall by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Big Bang broke their own record by being the only foreign act to hold a dome-sized arena tour in Japan for the fifth consecutive year.
YG Entertainment announced on August 8, 2017 that Big Bang will be holding their last tour in Japan before their upcoming hiatus due to South Korean mandatory military conscription.
On the Last Dance Tour, Big Bang became the very first foreign artist in Japan to hold a dome tour for the fifth consecutive year.
Big Bang (South Korean band) concert tours
The groom arrives to the wedding on a donkey and carrying a bang (throwing stick) in his hand.
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Middle Earth Paradigm", the four main characters dress as the Flash when they are invited to go to a Halloween party but change as they did not want to go in the same costume.
2008: Nik Weston presents Big Horns Bee / Big Bang – The Big 7 Inch (Mukatsuku Records)
The Memphis Flyer wrote that the EP "delivers more bang for the buck – particularly if you have a wicked sense of humor and high threshold for aural pain."
He is afraid of many things, notably spiders and the Heebie-Jeebies Forest, and tends to bang his tail on the ground when worried.
Until recently, this dance was preserved by Master Lee Mae Bang, who died in 2015.
Lee Mae Bang, National Human Treasure, for Intangible Cultural Asset No.
Another location is a deserted house in Bang Len, where in late 1990s the poorer suitor of a wealthy family's daughter was killed by the young woman's father, who opposed his daughter's relationship with the man.
A third location is an abandoned hospital building at Bang Len, where illegal abortions were once performed and a seven-months pregnant woman was raped and killed.
 All of these soap operas presented on Bang Channel
Phan Thi Kim Phuc and other children from the South Vietnamese village of Trang Bang running away from a napalm attack on 8 June 1972
Five original stars from The Big Bang Theory including four men (Jim Parsons, Johnny Galecki, Kunal Nayyar and Simon Helberg) decided to take a pay cut so that their two female co-stars who joined later could earn a higher wage for seasons 11 and 12.
The Big Bang Theory is an American comedy television series created and executively produced by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady for CBS.
In 2008, Erdem was commissioned by Bang On A Can-All Stars, one of the most well known New Music Ensembles, to compose a piece, which premiered at Merkin Hall, New York on 13 February 2008.
Nakhon Pa Mak () is a rural subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
The Wang Thong River flows through Nakhon Pa Mak at the villages of Ban Sam Ruen and Bang Kranoi.
Nakhon Pa Mak borders Tha Tan to the north-west, Mae Raka of Wang Thong District to the north-east, Wat Ta Yom to the east, Phai Lom to the south, and Bang Krathum to the west.
678), Bang Kranoi (pop.
From greatest land area to least, the villages rank as follows:  Ban Grong Greng (20.9 km2), Ban Laemphrathat (10.4 km2), Ban Dongphayom (6.2 km2), Ban Bueng Lam (5.9 km2), Ban Sam Ruen (5.4 km2), Ban Bang Kranoi (4.4 km2), Ban Gao (2.8 km2) and Ban Laemkrok (1.8 km2).
It flows through Thung Salaeng Luang National Park and forms Namtok Sri Dit and Namtok Kaeng Sopha (Kaeng Sopha Waterfall) in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province, and finally flows through into the Bang Krathum District, passing through Ban Sam Ruen and on to the border of Phitsanulok and Phichit, where it drains into the Nan River at .
In 1982, a plan to reintroduce the Brotherly Villages Boat Race was discussed by senior local officials, the traders of the Wang Thong Market, farmer organizations and the abbot of Wat Bang Saphan to promote the unity of the community.
These were assembled for them in Australia by Bang and Olufsen, a Danish company.
Ban Sam Ruen (Thai: บ้านสามเรือน) is a village in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Amphoe Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Prior to 1990, Nakhon Pa Mak children who wished to attend high school were required to find private transportation to the nearest high school in Mueang Bang Krathum.
Ban Grong Greng () is a rural village in the north-west portion of the Nakhon Pa Mak Subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
He steals Pangu's Ruyi Jingu Bang staff and eats the empress Tianmu Niangniang's "Peaches of Immortality".
It includes heroes from those novels such as Lu Bu and his charge Chitu from Romance of the Three Kingdoms; deities from Fengshen Yanyi; Emperor Taizong of Tang and his servants from Old Book of Tang; and Liu Bang and Xiang Yu from Book of Han.
Busta Rhymes - The Big Bang (US 200 #1, June 13)
Ban Laemphrathat (Thai: บ้านแหลมพระธาตุ) is a village (muban) in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Bang Bamru railway station is built with both high and low platforms.
Kasalanan Bang Sambahin Kita?
| DFL 1: The Big Bang
then flows through the Bang Krathum District, through Wat Ta Yom, where it is referred to as the Wat Ta Yom River,
It originates at the Chao Phraya Dam at Chai Nat and rejoins the Chao Phraya at Bang Sai.
The Noi River was the site of the original Mueang Wiset Chai Chan, the location of a historic Burmese encampment en route to the Battle at Bang Rachan.
Wat Ta Yom () is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Noen Kum () is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Together with producer Shel Talmy who had signed and recorded them, they cut two songs that day, "Painter Man" and what would eventually become its B-side, "Biff, Bang, Pow".
Phai Lom () is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Phai Lom borders Nakhon Pa Mak to the north, Noen Kum to the east, Phichit Province to the south, and Bang Krathum to the west.
Kok Salud () is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Khok Salut is bounded to the north by Ban Rai, to the east by Bang Krathum, to the south by Sanam Khli, and to the west by Phichit Province.
Sanam Khli () is a sub-district (tambon) in the Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province (amphoe), Thailand.
Sanam Khli borders Khok Salut to the north, Bang Krathum to the east, and Phichit Province to the south and west.
Originally named Bang Phi (บางผี), it was renamed Tha Tan in 1939.
Wat Luang (Thai:  วัดหลวง) in Ban Bang Phi
He has appeared in a number of movies and television shows, including Corporate, Corpse Tub, Another Period, Dope State, Comedy Bang!
He has worked with Laurie Anderson, Anthony Braxton, Steve Coleman, Dave Douglas, Philip Glass, Michael Tilson Thomas, John Zorn, and the Bang on a Can All-Stars.
The Stones have since performed "Slipping Away" during the 1995 leg of the Voodoo Lounge Tour, the 2002-2003 Licks Tour throughout the 2005-2007 A Bigger Bang Tour, on the 14 On Fire tour with former guitarist Mick Taylor guesting, and on the No Filter Tour.
Conversely, IGN found the piano theme was perennially overplayed, and felt that the soundtrack "begins with a bit of a bang and then eventually sputters out".
In 1857, 500 Hakka Chinese gold miners from Bau, under the leadership of Liu Shan Bang, destroyed the Brookes' house.
The second element bang (Thai:  บาง) means village or settlement.
Ban Bang Krathum is situated in the Nan Basin, which is part of the Chao Phraya Watershed.
The book was followed by five sequels, George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt in 2009, George and the Big Bang in 2011, George and the Unbreakable Code in 2014 and George and the Blue Moon in 2016 and  in 2018.
: The Movie, Laging Naroon Ka, and Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig as well as their first drama series Ikaw Na Sana, which was also turned into a movie.
In 1952 he published the crime novel Døden i Bygdø Allé, under the pseudonym Texas Bang.
He resigned from the company in 1990 and eventually moved back to Finland with his second wife, Karen Bang, a friend since childhood.
In August 2007, when accessing Zing MP3, which is a musical entertainment tool, you can find such popular names such as Bao Thy, Dan Truong, Duy Manh, Cam Ly, and even Thu Phuong and Bang Kieu – neither of them was allowed to publish songs in Vietnam.
The website's critical consensus reads, "The Wire goes out with a suitably resonant bang in its final season, craftily maneuvering venturesome motifs and a colorful cast of characters to skillfully understated conclusion."
Minor rivers and streams that flow through Phitsanulok Province include the Fia, Kaem, Kap, Pak, Kleung, Bang Kaeo, Grung Grak, Ban Mung, and Tarai Yoi.
The construction began in January 2009 and free public trial operation began on 2 August 2021, with full commercial service to begin in November 2021 when Bang Sue Grand Station opens.
This gallery includes a replica of the Gutenberg Printing Press, a communications technology showcase, a Big Bang simulator, a Solar System model, a 640 lb fragment of the Nantan meteorite, and a theater showing short films related to science and space.
Also loud bang could be duplicated by dropping forward toilet lid."
In this role, Cleaver was a driving force behind the founding of the UK's Big Bang Fair which was first run in 2008 and by 2015 had become one of Europe's largest science, engineering and technology fairs for young people.
Cleaver retired from his role at EngineeringUK in 2011 and as Patron of the Big Bang Fair a few years later.
Additional tributaries of the Nan include the Than, Khan, Khlung, Haeng River, Fia, Kaem, Kap, Kleung, Bang Kaeo, Grung Grak, Ban Mung, and Sai Yoi Rivers, although the Royal Irrigation Department report provides insufficient data to link them to tributary tree.
Additional tributaries of the Chao Phraya include the Wang River (3), the Yai River (2), the Bang Kaeo River, and the Khun Kaeo River.
Tributaries of the Tha Chin include the Kra Sieo, Yang, Tawip, Chorakhe Sam, Bang Len and Chin Si Rivers.
In The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon Cooper (played by Jim Parsons) has an IQ of 187 and an eidetic memory.
Bang Rakam lies in the Yom Basin, which is part of the Chao Phraya Watershed.
Plak Raet () is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Tha Nang Ngam () is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Phan Sao () is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Chum Saeng Songkhram () is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
คุยม่วง () is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Nong Kula () is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Bueng Kok () is a sub-district in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Bo Thong () is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
The subdistrict is bordered to the north by Tha Thong, to the east by Bueng Phra, to the south by Wat Phrik and to the west by Bang Rakam District.
The subdistrict is bordered to the north by Tha Pho, to the east by Bueng Phra to the south by Wang Nam Khu and Ngio Ngam, and to the west by Wang Ithok of Bang Rakam District.
There are Ban Khlong health-promoting hospital in Ban Bang Sakae (Moo2) and Fort Somdet Phra Naresuan Maharat hospital in Ban Wat Yang (Moo1).
 (2005) A Bigger Bang (Rolling Stones)
The Big Bang Theory (2012) – Joan
| DaMMAge Fight League: The Big Bang
His television credits include Miami Vice, Coach, Damon, Seinfeld, Grey's Anatomy, Cane, The Big Bang Theory, Miami Medical, Matador, where he played Javi Sandoval, and Greetings from Tucson, where he played Joaquin Tiant.
Joo Bang Lee, founder and then leader of the World Hwa Rang Do Association affixed his personal seal to each certificate which conferred Black Belt ranking on the participant.
Much of the text material is verbatim duplicated in Hwarang-do founder Joo Bang Lee's book Hwarangdo also published by Ohara Press, supporting the claim that Echanis was a public front man for the Lee brothers in their attempt to promote Hwarang-do as the official US Special forces close-quarters fighting method.
The 19th century was the period during which many of the smaller settlements in western Phitsanulok Province (then Phitsanulok Precinct) such as Bang Krathum, Nakhon Pa Mak and Wang Thong began to turn into urban societies.
Even the remote Bang Krathum post office now has an internet kiosk where villagers can access the web at their leisure.
Chinh was taken by Nguyen Dac Bang to the latter's village in Son Duong to recover from injuries caused in the raid, and the village turned out to be a focal point for the preparations for the attack, serving as the de facto regional headquarters.
More than 100 bombs by around 20 militants were made at the home of Nguyen Dac Bang, who also organised the drafting and printing of propaganda leaflets—for distribution among soldiers and civilians alike—and led the recruitment of villagers in his area.
They met at three points; the homes of Bang and the local Confucian scholar, and in the fields.
 The Big Bang Exploded (1998)
Davis started his career with a bang by kicking a goal with his first kick but then didn't manage another for eight years.
Lemon Hall on Shibuya, Tokyo on December 22. in 2009 and was titled "2nd Story Grand Finale [Big Bang Music!
He portrayed Raj Koothrappali on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory (2007–2019) and voiced Vijay on the Nickelodeon animated sitcom Sanjay and Craig (2013–2016).
This led to his casting in the sitcom The Big Bang Theory, where he played the role of an astrophysicist Raj Koothrappali from its premiere in September of that year to the show's conclusion in May 2019.
He also appears as Howard Wolowitz's Russian cosmonaut crewmate Dimitri in the TV series The Big Bang Theory.
The Bang Pakong's principal tributaries are the Nakhon Nayok River and the Tha Lat River.
The latter mural is filled with symbols such as exploding light for the Big Bang theory, along with the appearance of man and manifestations of art.
More recently she has written for mixed instrument ensembles, such as in her piece Timberline commissioned by the Relâche Ensemble, and Red Shift which appeared on the CD Bang on a Can Live Vol.
 "Still Alive", a remix on and repackage of the EP Alive by Big Bang
Zuper Blahq, Wynter Gordon, Rivers Cuomo, Lil Jon, Chiddy Bang, Lovefoxxx of CSS, Big John Duncan (former guitarist of the punk band The Exploited), and others.
The single on Bang Record also featured vocals by Marvin (real name Alessandro Moschini) and was credited as Prezioso & Marvin.
2010: And Poppies from Kandahar (Samadhi Sound), with Jan Bang
2017: Hum (Confront Recordings), with Jan Bang
 Big Bang Love, Juvenile A (2006), assistant police inspector
Chapter 9: Inner Space, Outer Space, and the Time Before Time: Looks at astrophysics and describes the evidence for the Big Bang.
It was also performed with Jack White during the 2006 leg of the A Bigger Bang Tour, and this version was featured in the Martin Scorsese 2008 documentary film Shine a Light and on the soundtrack album.
Davis is a member of the Frends Crew made up of snowboarders Mason Aguirre, Kevin Pearce, Scotty Lago, Keir Dillon, Mikkel Bang, Jack Mitrani, and Luke Mitrani.
On The Big Bang Theory, Howard Wolowitz's mother, Debbie, was always heard but almost never seen in the entire first eight seasons in which she was on the show.
In recognition of his contributions, Liu Bang granted Peng Yue the title "King of Liang" () after the Han dynasty was established.
In 205 BC, Peng Yue allied with Liu Bang, the King of Han, and became one of Liu's generals after Liu promised to grant him land and the title of a vassal king.
Earlier on, Peng Yue had refused to send his troops to help Liu Bang, that resulted in the latter's defeat by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Guling.
After Liu Bang founded the Han dynasty, Peng Yue was conferred the title of "King of Liang" () and granted the lands of former Wei state as his kingdom.
In 196 BC, Liu Bang led an army to suppress a rebellion by Chen Xi, the Marquis of Yangxia, and he requested reinforcements from Peng Yue.
Peng Yue claimed to be ill and sent his subordinates to help Liu Bang in place of himself.
After Chen Xi's rebellion was quelled, Liu Bang heard rumours that Peng Yue was intending to rebel against him as well, and he had Peng arrested.
Warrior also played their first European show in over a decade at the Bang Your Head!!!
A number of his coauthored works exhibited his multidisciplinary research and interest in culture change, such as Siamese Rice Village (1953) and Bang Chan: Social History of A Rural Community in Thailand (1978).
Bang Chan: Social History of A Rural Community in Thailand (1978)
When the work unit is requested by a participating computer, this computer simulates this Universe from the Big Bang until today.
Tuu bang suanh dang in ki-el lo-in, phung Gui ni nuai-ah kibawmtuah ang [M. Suum I & K. Gen, c. 1400].
The book covers topics from the Big Bang, to extrasolar planets (the main focus of the book), and the ultimate fate of the universe.
"Gang Bang You're Dead"
Mack 10 - Bang or Ball 
The victor of this war was Liu Bang, who initiated four centuries of unification of China proper under the Han dynasty (202 BC–AD 220).
On April 3, Black retained the title in a three-way elimination match against Austin Aries and Roderick Strong at The Big Bang!
In 2005 for the White Lion live album "Rocking the USA" a music video was made for the live version of the song which features on the White Lion DVD Bang Your Head Festival 2005.
Two of the tracks were 1950s covers "Baby Let Me Bang Your Box" and "Sixty Minute Man" and together with the album title provoked concern in the media.
Notable contributors include Joyce Carol Oates, Campbell McGrath, David St. John, Maxine Kumin, Sherman Alexie, Chris Offutt, Jean Valentine, D. A. Powell, Mark Halliday, Mary Jo Bang, Jaswinder Bolina, Victoria Chang, Zachary Mason, Amina Gautier, James Richardson, Jack Pendarvis, Randall Mann, Tiphanie Yanique, Troy Jollimore, Julie Sheehan, Bonnie Jo Campbell, and Melissa Kwasny, among many others.
The group released their debut single "Rokuko" on February 23, 2007 and on February 25, 2007, they officially debuted on SBS' Popular Songs, performing "Rokuko" and "First Express" with famous trot singer Bang Shilyi.
Throwing things:  When people throw things, slam doors, or bang walls, they intimidate others and escalate their anger.
Primarily recorded in Melbourne, Australia during the band's 1984 Enz with a Bang farewell tour, it also includes some material from the Auckland shows of that tour, plus recordings from the band's 1982 Time and Tide tour.
Some of her roles include Stephanie Gooch in Scrubs, Shelley in Raising Hope, Lucy in The Big Bang Theory, Sadie Miller in Steven Universe, Sara Murphy in Milo Murphy's Law, Daisy in Nature Cat, Clayface in The Lego Batman Movie, Velma Dinkley in Scooby-Doo, Webby Vanderquack in DuckTales,  and Dr. Fox in Unikitty!
Micucci's TV credits include numerous television commercials, as well as acting roles, including Toni the barista on NBC's Four Kings; guest roles on Malcolm in the Middle, 'Til Death, How I Met Your Mother, Cory in the House, The Big Bang Theory, and Campus Ladies; and recurring roles on Scrubs and Raising Hope.
They analyzed data gathered by NASA's Cosmic Background Explorer satellite and discovered the oldest known objects in the universe—so called "wrinkles" in time—thus finding a long-anticipated missing piece in the Big Bang model.
Wrinkles in Time was featured in an episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Bang is a compilation album by The Jesus Lizard, containing tracks previously released on EPs and singles, and some unreleased songs.
 6 — Mfuwe man eating lion (Zambia) and Crocodile of Bang Mood (Thailand)
He is mostly known for his work with the groups Bang Gang, Lady & Bird (a side project with Keren Ann) and Starwalker, a collaboration with Jean-Benoît Dunckel.
She became the lead singer on the first album of his most notorious band, Bang Gang.
Bang Gang is a downtempo band from Iceland founded by songwriter and producer Barði Jóhannsson (see also Lady & Bird).
Bang Gang were initially a surf band but it moved into melodic pop.
It features Bang Gang's distinctive mix of atmospheric songwriting and haunting electronica and features vocal performances from Nicolette, Phoebe Tolmer, Esther, GusGus vocalist Daniel Agust Haraldsson and long-term collaborator Keren Ann.
Ghosts from the Past was Bang Gang’s third album.
You is the first album released by the pop/electro band Bang Gang.
Something Wrong is the second album released by the pop/electro band Bang Gang.
music festival; their performance of "Live For The Whip" from this appearance is included on the Best of Bang Your Head DVD (2006).
It also is the first album he released under his own name (he had before released 3 studio albums and a few singles with his bands Bang Gang and Lady and Bird).
Mather, Betty Bang, and Elizabeth Ann Sadilek.
Singer, Coco Lee, the first Chinese singer to perform in the Oscars, many times in the 10 selected China-Taiwan idols, and nominated hits Longhu Bang.
Price started the 2014 CFL season with a bang, a 102-yard touchdown reception against the Al's.
 Molly Bang (born 1943), American Illustrator
Still, there are other games out there that'll give you more bang for your buck".
Big Bang Theory is a 1998 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem.
GameZone gave the game an 8.5/10, stating "With plenty of in-game collectibles in both the multiplayer and single-player modes, as well as solid multiplayer gameplay options, players will find plenty of bang for their buck, and the stunning power of the CryEngine needs to be seen to be believed."
September 24 – The Big Bang Theory debuts on CBS.
The Big Bang is a theoretical explosion from which all matter in the universe is alleged to have originated approximately 13.799 ± 0.021 billion years ago.
 Bang Hai Ja (Le Cercle d’Art, Paris, 2001)
On 17 January 2014, the company announced that Loewe's management board reached an agreement with an investor group composed of German family-run companies and former Apple and Bang & Olufsen managers.
As Hin Namno lies between the Khammuan limestone belt and the Annamite Range there are many caves and limestone escarpments including the Xe Bang Fai River Cave.
Other ideas for an ending revolved around the Reapers' attempts to stop organics from utilizing dark energy due to its cumulative entropic effect that would hasten the end of the universe, or to prevent the universe's inevitable descent into the opposite of the Big Bang by focusing their attention on organic species with biotic potential.
 Caesar's Hard Hat Gang Bang (Men of Odyssey, 2000)
 Electoral District: Bang Kwan-bok
Later he had four princes: The eldest son Lê Nghi Dân, the second Lê Khắc Xương, the third Lê Bang Cơ, and the youngest Lê Hạo.
One-year-old Lê Bang Cơ (Lê Nhân Tông, r. 1442–1459) assumed the throne a few days after his father’s death.
At BBC One her commissions included Sherlock, Mrs Brown's Boys, Luther, Criminal Justice, Five Daughters, Bang goes the Theory, The Day the Immigrants Left and Famous, Rich and Homeless.
TopHat was a scientific experiment launched from McMurdo Station in January 2001 to measure the cosmic microwave background radiation produced 300,000 years after the Big Bang.
Around 300,000 years after the big bang, the temperature of the universe cooled enough so that hydrogen atoms formed and the photons of energy (the radiation of energy from the explosion) were able to escape and travel indefinitely.
Currently represented by Ford Models, he has appeared in campaigns such as Benetton, Bang and Olufsen, TIGI Bedhead, Motorola, and Macy's, and has walked the catwalks of Versace, Issey Miyake, Yohji Yamamoto, Gucci, and Boss.
Bang!, Chapo Trap House, Last Comic Standing, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson where he impersonated President George W. Bush until 2009, and for portraying Bernie Sanders during the 2016 Trump vs. Bernie tour.
In 2012, Adomian appeared on Comedy Bang!
Adomian frequently performs live at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre in sketch and stand-up shows such as Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Who Charted?, and many others.
Bang!Adomian often makes live appearances around the country doing standup or characters, particularly at left-wing political events like YearlyKos, Laughing Liberally, the National Conference for Media Reform and campaign events for Congressman Alan Grayson.
Afterwards, he gave him his territory, consisting of Yên Phụ, Yên Dưỡng, Yên Sinh, Yên Hưng, and Yên Bang.
I have had to bang on the doors of our own Government to open up intelligence files.
Greenockian May Watson recalled in an interview sixty years after the event that she clearly remembered being in an art class at school at the time, and "we just heard this tremendous bang and we all wondered what it was.
It was a bang that we had never heard before, really dreadful.
We were excited and afraid at the same time wondering what this big bang was".
 Penny (The Big Bang Theory), a sitcom character
Mang ii tusuan kil bang hong khang ing, Zaang aa pehsik gawm ing;
Dimtui vangkhua sai bang ka sat, nunnop tonzawi ka kaihna;
Tiny Bang Story (Android, Windows Phone)
 Big Bang, directed by Eric Woreth
Three digits indicate a regional secondary highway, such as northeastern Route 202 between Chaiyaphum and Khemarat, and central Route 314 between Bang Pakong and Cha Choeng Sao.
On October 23, 2012, the cast of The Big Bang Theory made a flash mob during the live taping of an episode, which featured the song as well as others.
He grew up in his grandmother's care in poverty and had to fight at the age of seven, starting in Muay Thai named "Petch Por Burapha" (เพชร ป.บูรพา) and "Petch Tor Bang Saen" (เพชร ต.บางแสน) and won Lumpinee Stadium champion Flyweight division.
 Alannah Ong as Ma Bang
At the 1992 Barcelona Olympics won by Susanti, Kusumawardhani narrowly missed reaching the medal rounds after an extremely tight quarterfinal loss to the eventual silver medalist Bang Soo-hyun.
 Drew Fortier† – Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie
Douglas started off 2007 with a bang, catching 5 balls for 151 yards and 2 scores in an easy win over Murray State.
Ismail Marzuki (also known as Bang Ma'ing; 11 May 1914 – 25 May 1958) was an Indonesian composer, songwriter and musician who wrote around 202 to 240 songs between 1931 and 1958, including numerous popular patriotic songs.
"Left of Bang How the Marine Corps' Combat Hunter Program Can Save Your Life".
The song was played on certain dates of the 2006 A Bigger Bang Tour set list, often alongside "Happy".
"The Cambrian Explosion: Biology's Big Bang."
 "They Are Not Even A New Bang Tango" – 2:35
Go Eun-ah (born Bang Hyo-jin on October 28, 1988) is a South Korean actress.
An early working title was Sloppy Seconds in reference to a gang bang, but Regan rejected it because she deemed it "gross" and a put down on himself.
Bang Hyung-joo as Dong Maeng-ga
When the battalion colors returned to Fort Campbell, the unit had distinguished itself by earning two Valorous Unit Awards, and its third and fourth Presidential Unit Citations for the battles of Trang Bang and Dong Ap Bia Mountain (commonly known as "Hamburger Hill").
 Kampong Bang Dalam Mosque — originally a  ("prayer hall") which was built in 1988.
The first section ran from the old city moat, crossed Phadung Krumg Kasem Canal, and continued through the European district to end in Bang Kho Laem, where the river made a sharp turn to the east.
As it passes through Bang Rak, Charoen Krung meets several roads branching off to the northeast, running parallel to each other.
As the road enters Bang Kho Laem District, the area becomes mostly residential.
Best Setter:  Bang Ji-sub (Samsung)
 Walygator Parc (aka: Walibi Lorraine, Walibi Schtroumpf, Big Bang Schtroumpf), Maizières-les-Metz
A live music video was made for the song "Lights and Thunder" which features on the White Lion DVD Bang Your Head Festival 2005.
The main feature is White Lion's return concert at the 2005 Bang Your Head Festival in Germany.
They refer to the "nth cosmological decade," meaning 10n years after the Big Bang.
|| Silicon Eyes/Wolfgang Bang || Vinyl	
Recalling the moment, she said: "I was in shock, I felt totally numb," adding: "I’ve been told Liz is going to go with one hell of a bang.
Out with a Bang is the debut album of American country music artist David Lee Murphy.
It has been continued with the releases of Bang!
With the advent of Insane Clown Posse's Second Deck (2009), the character Bang!
Chen Hanwei 陈汉玮 as Hu Ying Bang
During the 1960s spectroscopy discovered that many of the sdB stars are deficient in hydrogen, with abundances below that predicted by the Big Bang theory.
(Korean: 극단적 극단, Starring: Jo Chunghyeon, Bang Juho, Kim Seunghye, Ahn Sangtae, Lee Sangeun, Choi Heeryeong,  Jeong Yunho, Jo Jinse, Jang Hana, Im Seongwook, Bae Jeonggeun)
(Korean: 나타나, Starring: Hwang Jeonghye, Lee Sejin, Kim Seunghye, Kim Hoekyeong, Bang Juho, Jang Hana, Bae Jeonggeun, Park Jinho, Song Yeonggil, Jeong Jinyeong) 
Freese has also worked on the beginnings of the universe, including the search for a successful inflationary theory to kick off the Big Bang.
Liu Taigong (), personal name Liu Tuan (), was the father of Liu Bang (Emperor Gaozu of Han).
Some historical sources says his name is Liu Zhijia (Chinese:劉執嘉), although this name is likely chosen after Liu Bang became Emperor.
 Liu Bang, Emperor Gao (; 256–195 BC), third son
At the first meeting of its Programme Committee, they agreed that New Year's Eve should launch the new festival, a 'big bang affair'.
 Bang Eun-hee... Soon-deok
He went to Germany in 1924 to attend the courses of Prof. Bang Koup at Berlin University and did research at the State Library and museums.
Paphiopedilum helenae (N. Vietnam - Cao Bang Prov)
Since 2002, Crash has been mounting its own contemporary music festivals in Dublin, in a similar manner to the Bang on a Can Festival in New York City, including adopting their popular 'marathon' format for their 2006 celebration of Reich and again in 2007 for their 10th year celebration 'Shindig'.
Bang Attack is a video game for WiiWare developed by Netherlands-based Engine Software.
Min began a relationship with singer Taeyang, member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang in 2013.
The Big Bang Theory (Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg))
Personal website of Nguyen Cong Bang, a founding member of the Vietnam Populist Party
In 2001, he produced his second CD Das doo fangt joo gut an (the dialect version of the history of creation from the Big Bang to the Great Flood).
The dialect version of the history of creation from the Big Bang to the Great Flood; (Music: Herry Schmitt, Singer: Angela Branca)
The Sharks started the 2006 spring season with a bang, taking home the Lyden Cup at the Rollins Invitational and then winning the Rollins Spring Break races two weeks later.
Bang On (Featuring Mack 10)
Tha Eastsidaz - Gang Bang Muzik: Frequency of the Streets - (Unreleased)
 Claes Bang as Henrik
BANG and other non-IBM JCL
The Non-IBM JCL of what at one time was known as the BUNCH (Burroughs, Univac/Unisys, NCR, Control Data, Honeywell), except for Unisys, are part of the BANG that has been quieted.
According to the researchers, this result indicates that during the earliest moments after the Big Bang, as the cosmos slowly cooled, stable d*(2830) hexaquarks could have formed alongside baryonic matter, and the production rate of this particle would have been sufficient to account for the 85% of the Universe's mass that is believed to be Dark Matter.
He has an amazing control of line, and is always bang in tune even in the most finger-twisting passages, skills he used to spellbinding effect in the Sonata No.
Live At Bang Your Head-Festival, 2003 
Dead Bang (1989) - Chief Hillard
Australian releases of "Love Comes Again" under Bang On!
Anderson makes particular use of sets and locations to wring out more bang for the stereoscopic buck".
Also the same year, Geoff has also a part of former drama series on daytime, Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
A few months later, in November 2005, the Big Bang chronograph was awarded internationally, receiving the "2005 Design Prize" in the "Geneva Watchmaking Grand Prix", the "Sports Watch Prize" at the "Watch of the Year" ceremony in Japan, and the Middle Eastern Prize for the "Best Oversized Watch" at the Editor’s Choice "Watch of the Year" in Bahrain.
The Hublot Big Bang Meca-10, available in titanium, magic gold, or king gold.
The Hublot Big Bang Unico GMT, available in titanium or carbon fiber.
They provided special versions of their Big Bang watches to referees officiating at UEFA Euro 2008.
"The Big Bang Theory" briefly references his death.
And in that, at the very least, star and director are bang on target."
Phlegmatic men were “lazy and negligent... neither with a propensity to neither laugh nor cry… taciturn, solitary, half-mute... suspicious...”  In it he describes the personalities of men of varying complexions:  Melancholic men "have no sense of temperance in anything they do, and only bang their head against the wall.
Kevin Sussman – actor and comedian, known for Ugly Betty and The Big Bang Theory
Bang!, The Middle, and The League; she has also had voiceover roles in the animated comedy programs American Dad!, Animals., Archibald's Next Big Thing, Family Guy, Glenn Martin, DDS, and The Life & Times of Tim, as well as in Littlest Pet Shop, where she starred in the series finale episode as Felina Meow.
1996 AVN Award – Best Gang Bang Tape – 30 Men For Sandy
The senior Express team began life in the PDL with a bang with a 4–1 opening day victory over fellow expansion team New Jersey Rangers that featured a brace from former New York Red Bull and current Haitian international Jerrod Laventure.
Rahul Arora is the CEO of the Institutional Equities Business in Nirmal Bang Securities Pvt.
Cosmology - Introduces Cosmology, the study of the origin and fate of the universe, and discusses the Big Bang theory.
 Dexter, Bang, Sinister, Research Program, Charlottenborg Kunsthal, Copenhagen, Denmark
Texts by Ann Lislegaard, Lars Bang Larsen, David Velasco, Donna J. Haraway, and Ursula K. Le Guin.
references to what it believes are numerous discoveries of science (everything from relativity, quantum mechanics, Big Bang theory, genetics, embryology,  to the laser) found in the Quran and Sunnah).
It includes essays by curators   Bill Arning, Kate Fowle and Lars Bang Larsen, Mary Jane Jacob and artists Ben Kinmont, Jörgen Svensson, Guy Overfelt, Jeanne van Heeswijk, and an interview with Cesare Pietroiusi by Shane Aslan Selzer.
Beginning as a retail stereo store and original equipment manufacturer of loudspeakers for companies such as Sonance, Niles Audio, Bang and Olufsen, JBL, Polk Audio, and many others, the company evolved into a designer and installer of custom audio systems.
Following their victory, the troops looted the city and took the sacred Phra Saek Kham, Phra Bang and Phra Kaew Buddha images to Thonburi, and forcibly resettled thousands of Lao families to Saraburi, Ratchaburi province, and Chanthaburi on the Gulf of Siam.
In 1781 the Siamese enthroned Chao Nanthasen as ruler of Vientiane and returned the Phra Bang.
The Phra Bang and other precious items were hid in the Phu Khao Khwai cave, sixty kilometers from Vientiane.
The dispossessed local nobility pursued Chao Nyo, capturing him at a Lao Theung village near the source of the Se Bang Liang river.
As a demonstration to the Lao, Rama III had the Phra Bang image installed in a special pavilion at Wat Samploem, near the site of Anuvong's execution.
2006 conference Next Big Bang website
Ben Cat town borders Bau Bang district to the north, Dau Tieng district to the west, Tan Uyen township and Phu Giao district to the east, Thu Dau Mot city and Cu Chi district of Ho Chi Minh city to the south.
"...set up wooden figures of Xiang Yu and Liu Bang participating in the banquet at Goose Gate.
A PC Bang owner in Seoul's upmarket Gangnam neighborhood stated the following “some customers who play too long gets smelly, and other customers start to complain, so we have to ask them to leave” (Sullivan, 2019, par.
by Cãm Trong, Hoàng LùÒng, Lê Si Giáo, VùÒng Toàn, Ma Khánh BAng and Nguyèn Van Hòa, Hà Nội, Việt Nam: Nhà Xuất Bản Văn Hóa Dân Tộc.
In 1963 LMR strengthened with previous season champion of Latvia with ASK Rīga Harijs Balcers made its debut in the republican league with a bang – five victories in first five matches.
In episode 6 of season 8 of the television sitcom The Big Bang Theory, Dr. Sheldon Cooper claims to be in the process of solving the Penrose Conjecture while at the same time composing his Nobel Prize acceptance speech.
Changing the total of the Dong Bang River to a total of Cam Xa, dividing Luu Xa commune of Tuc Duyen to Cam Gia district, separating Van Han commune from Cam Gia district to establish the new Van Han commune.
As the member opened the door and started to climb down, next minute, a large bang occurred - Bargo 1 got hit from the rear by a paper truck that was travelling along at .
As they jumped out of the truck, another bang was heard, then another and then another.
The crew tried to get further away from the road, as they heard more trucks coming in, another bang was heard, then another, then another.
In extreme cases, rail crews must bang the rails into place with sledgehammers before trains can cross.
Some cosmological models feature a pregeometric universe before the Big Bang.
Rules describe the evolution of the graph from a chaotic patternless pre-Big Bang condition to a stable spacetime in the present.
Examples include important churchmen such as the Augustinian abbot Gregor Mendel (pioneer in the study of genetics), the monk William of Ockham who developed Ockham's Razor, Roger Bacon (a Franciscan friar who was one of the early advocates of the scientific method), and Belgian priest Georges Lemaître (the first to propose the Big Bang theory).
Olvidado authored other Philippine comics novels such as Sinasamba Kita (1982), Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
"Jōnetsu no Bara" was covered by Fujin Rizing!, a fictional ska band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Greg showed me the simple repetitive chords..."OK, here we go, 1–2–3–4..." and BANG!!
 "Shake Rattle, Bang Your Head"
On one occasion, Liu Bang played a prank on Xiahou Ying and caused him to be injured.
Under the law of the Qin dynasty at the time, Liu Bang would be punished more severely than a civilian because he was a village officer.
Xiahou Ying lied that he had accidentally injured himself in order to protect Liu Bang, and the case was initially closed.
However, he still continued to cover up for Liu Bang.
Liu Bang then gave himself the title "Duke of Pei" (), and made Xiahou Ying a seventh-grade official () and appointed him as his personal carriage driver.
Between 209 BC and 206 BC, Xiahou Ying joined the rebels led by Liu Bang in attacking Qin forces at various locations: Dang County (), Jiyang () and Yongqiu (), all in present-day eastern Henan; Dong'e (; present-day Liaocheng, Shandong); Puyang; Kaifeng; Luoyang; Nanyang;  Lantian; and Zhiyang (; east of present-day Xi'an, Shaanxi).
Liu Bang became the King of Han () and was given a domain in the remote Bashu region (present-day Chongqing and Sichuan).
When Han Xin first joined Liu Bang, he was given a lowly position as a supply officer and his talent was hardly noticed by anyone.
Disappointed that Liu Bang did not appreciate his talent, Han Xin deserted as well.
Xiahou Ying also caught up with them and, together with Xiao He, succeeded in convincing Han Xin to return to Liu Bang.
This time, Liu Bang listened to Xiao He and Xiahou Ying; he appointed Han Xin as a general.
In 205 BC, Liu Bang lost to Xiang Yu at the Battle of Pengcheng and was forced to retreat.
Liu Bang was so angry with Xiahou Ying that he threatened to kill him each time he did that.
In 202 BC, Liu Bang ultimately defeated Xiang Yu, became the emperor of China, and established the Han dynasty.
Xiahou Ying followed Liu Bang to suppress rebellions by the vassal kings throughout the emperor's reign.
During the Battle of Baideng in 200 BC, Xiahou Ying helped Liu Bang escape from danger after the Han forces were defeated by the Xiongnu.
The title track was covered by Fujin Rizing!, a fictional ska band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
As Alan McGee went on to form Creation Records and the band, Biff Bang Pow!, Innes formed Revolving Paint Dream with his then-girlfriend Christine Wanless in 1983.
The album was reissued on vinyl again in August 2020 through Bang!
Sisyphos managed to overcome Pharaoh's technique and exterminate the Specter, however, before his death Pharaoh put a curse into the gates, that only a Big Bang would destroy the entrance to the Lost Canvas.
South Korean boy band Big Bang have released eight studio albums, eight extended plays, two reissues, eight compilation albums, ten live albums, four single albums, and 36 singles.
In February 2011, Big Bang returned to the Korean music scene after two years of hiatus with the release of their fourth Korean extended play, Tonight, which became their first number-one album on the Gaon Album Chart, which was established one year prior.
The EP spawned a chart-topping single of the same name and was reissued as a repackaged album under the title Big Bang Special Edition, which spawned "Love Song", their second number-one hit on the Gaon Digital Chart.
In 2012, Big Bang released their fifth Korean extended play, Alive, which made the group the first ever Korean act to chart on the Billboard 200 with an album purely in the Korean language, debuting at number 150.
After a three-year hiatus, Big Bang made their comeback in mid-2015 by releasing four singles from their first studio album in eight years, Made (2016).
1 – Since 2007 is the debut studio album by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released on December 22, 2006 through YG Entertainment.
Big Bang was the first idol group formed by YG Entertainment, whose previous roster included hip hop groups Jinusean and 1TYM.
Their last single, "Big Bang 03", followed, with final sales nearing 40,000 copies.
Big Bang 03 was released two months after their second single.
Although Athena's Saints are only human, their use of  – the energy of the Big Bang that remains inside every being – gives them superhuman strength and allows them to perform formidable feats.
is smoothly distributed) at very large scales, as is expected in a standard Big Bang or Friedmann-Lemaître-Robertson-Walker cosmology, and in most interpretations of the Lambda-Cold Dark Matter model.
Equation - Return To Me (1996) (2003)Óige - Bang On (1996)Mike Oldfield - Tubular Bells III (1998) - Vocals on Man in the Rain.
Travis Kvapil gave Toyota its first win in a NASCAR national series, in what was then the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series, in the 2004 Line-X 200 at Michigan International Speedway in his Tundra sponsored by Line-X and owned by Bang!
But Lin Bang is actually her stepfather and so her biological father does not recognise her as his daughter.
The ‘treasure’ has in fact ended up with Lin Bang who is currently using it as a spa tub.
The first single from the albums ToyZ and BANG!
He then tries to bang on the window with Porky, hands-crossed.
Television roles include Big Time Rush,(the French Inspector) Blossom, Double Trouble, Arrested Development, Star Trek: Enterprise, The Golden Girls and The Big Bang Theory.
Bang Shishigami, once a proud ninja of Ikaruga, he has become a vigilante protecting a small group of survivors and hoping to gain enough money and fame to rebuild Ikaruga and avenge it by defeating Jin.
(the former being occasionally too loud, and the latter suddenly becoming very quiet when Bang is hit during the Fu-Rin-Ka-Zan).
Originally performed as Effie Villalopolus on Comedy Bang!
His songs include "I'm Writing You This Little Melody" (theme song), "I'm Sorry Dear", "Senorita", "That Same Old Dream", and "We'll Get A Bang Out Of Life".
Bang & Olufsen used BSR's TD2 tape deck in their Beocord Belcanto from 1962.
Liu Fei (), formally King Daohui of Qi (; died 189 BC) was the eldest son of Liu Bang, Emperor Gaozu of Han, and Consort Cao—initially his mistress.
After Liu Bang decisively defeated Xiang Yu in the Battle of Gaixia in 202 BC, he proclaimed himself the emperor of the new Han dynasty and named Liu Fei, his first son, the King of Qi.
In September 2012, while being a judge of The Voice Vietnam, she surprisingly released a new single Đắn Đo (Wondering) including two songs Đắn Đo (Wondering) (composed by Phuong Uyen) and Chôn Giấu Một Tình Yêu (Hidden Love) (featuring Le Quyen) composed by Luong Bang Quang.
List, who is represented by British Lawyer Graham Ross, claims that the domain was registered in relation to a painting entitled Wa1m-ART which was displayed in Kling og Bang Gallery in Reykjavík.
In the April 2012 conference, apostle Russell M. Nelson discussed the human body stating "some people erroneously think that these marvelous physical attributes happened by chance or resulted from a big bang somewhere".
 Wala Na Bang Pag Ibig?
In 2012 he was nominated for a Genie Awards for excellence in overall sound for the film "The Big Bang Club".
Perhaps only the descendants of Hong Bang have skulls without brains, bodies without guts?
Green wrote and directed the six episodes comprising season one of this show, mixing comedy, horror, romance, and described by the network as "Big Bang Theory meets Evil Dead 2".
Liu Ruyi was the third son of Liu Bang, the founder of China's Han dynasty who became posthumously known as Emperor Gaozu ("High Ancestor").
IBig Bug Bang had a limited release in France and Canada, exclusively in French language.
Pearce is a member of the Frends Crew (spelled without the "i" to emphasize the collective nature of the group) made up of snowboarders Mason Aguirre, Danny Davis, Scotty Lago, Keir Dillon, Mikkel Bang, Jack Mitrani, and Luke Mitrani.
 Choi Tae-woong, Kim Kyung-hoon, Kim Sang-woo, Shin Sun-ho, Bang Shin-bong, Kim Se-jin, Chang Byung-chul, Shin Jin-sik, Lee Kyung-soo, Suk Jin-wook, Yoon Kwan-yeol, Lee Ho.
Blue botias are widespread in eastern and central Indochina, notably in the Mekong River basin (including Tonlé Sap), but also in the Chao Phraya, Bang Pakong and Mae Klong river basins of Thailand.
The year 1900 ended with a bang ending the nineteenth century.
Early in 1913, Châu held a meeting with around one hundred activists, and it was decided that Châu and Mai Lao Bang would stay in Canton to try to revive interest and support among the Chinese.
If performed correctly with a stack of coins, it will appear that they have teleported with a bang.
Act sophisticated, grown up, sensible…and then a story would just plop into my mind and BANG!
In January 2011, the club changed their name to Big Bang Chulalongkorn University FC and relocated to play their home games at the Thai Army Sports Stadium on Vibhavadi Rangsit Road.
3 December – Karin Bang, poet, novelist, children's writer and crime writer (died 2017).
16 May – Parelius Hjalmar Bang Berntsen, politician (born 1910)
The Danish writer Herman Bang liked to spend time in Norðtoftir.
Piece together any stuff that you want to bang on; rent what you want to rent.
Bang proved this is indeed the case.
On February 25, 2012, he lost to Naoki via split decision at Big Bang 8 in Tokyo.
Five of Lightning Bar's foals earned AQHA Championships: Cactus Comet, Crash Bang, Lightning Rey, Pana Bar and Relampago Bar; Lightning Rey earned a Supreme Championship.
On February 24, 2018, Yang Jing was placed on one-year probation within the Party by Ai Bang Mai Ni, removal from his administrative post, and demoted from deputy state to ministerial level for violations of regulations.
Galaxy reviewer Floyd C. Gale rated the book four stars out of five, stating that "while the modern trend of sf has passed good Doc Smith by" he still got "a huge bang out of this super-duper yarn."
This, along with the unbound nature of 5He and 5Li, creates a bottleneck in Big Bang nucleosynthesis and stellar nucleosynthesis, for it necessitates a very fast reaction rate.
As Big Bang nucleosynthesis only occurred within a short period having the necessary conditions, it is thought that there would be no significant difference in carbon production even if 8Be were stable.
 Billy Bang with Sun Ra, John Ore, Andrew Cyrille, A Tribute to Stuff Smith (Soul Note, 1993)
Bang (full-length, 1991)
He had Gaumont make more comedies such as The Bang Waggon.
Only a handful of Gruvi cards were ever released, one of them was the album A Bigger Bang by the Rolling Stones.
 Bang Eun-hee as Su-mi
In the 1970s and 1980s, he played regularly on the New York jazz scene with Frank Lowe, David Murray, Charles Tyler, Billy Bang, and others, and also played funk, rock, and traditional Caribbean music.
This includes Netflix's Sense8; the Sally Potter film  Ginger & Rosa, MTV Bang, Plan B's film Ill Manors, Channel 4's The Morgana Show.
 Billy Bang, The Fire from Within (Soul Note, 1985)
Two Different Lives 金兰结 as Lin Zhen Bang 林振邦
Dan Staige, of Metal Review, said that the instruments were "remarkably balanced and crisp", and his only criticism was that the "ultra heavy breakdowns" "may sound a little monotonous", but that "you will still bang your head".
In 1996, the station launched its own radio drama "Mula Sa Puso Ko" with David Bang as narrator and director.
"I'm Yours" is also a well-known song amongst South Korean boy band Stray Kids fans "STAY" as it was leader Bang Chan's audition song in 2010.
He praised it as "a crystal castle of technological rubbish fusing together under the harsh gaze of a falling sun, Kath and Glass digging around in the molten plastic for things to bang together, new-age Stigs dreaming of leisure's lost golden age in a data dump."
Its success led to the release of the extended play, Big Bang Boogie, in 2000.
 2009 Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
1997 Wala Na Bang Iba (story and screenplay)
Aside from Jarman, he played in the late 1960s and 1970s with Muhal Richard Abrams, Pheeroan akLaff, Anthony Braxton, Billy Bang, Henry Threadgill, and Kalaparusha Maurice McIntyre.
Trinh Xuan Thuan, Big Bang theorist/scientist
In Robert Hewitt Wolfe's original plan for Andromeda, Trance Gemini's race (Solar avatars) would have been the "Lightbringers", or "Lucifers", who waged war in "Heaven" - the original state of the Universe as infinitesimally small, perfect Space, or the Primordial Black Hole - resulting in the Big Bang.
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under their banner Big Bang Entertainment.
Television shows broadcast on the channel are mostly U.S.-based, and current fare includes The Simpsons, Family Guy, Fresh Off the Boat, The Big Bang Theory, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., New Girl, and Last Man on Earth.
Bang On Records Voice Lesson Studio
 Masaharu Fukuyama - The Best Bang!!
Wie is bang van China?
The lead single I'm Sorry () features T.O.P from Big Bang.
JF reported this bang as a gunshot to the radio dispatcher, so from this point on the police thought the gang had started shooting, but the gang knew they had not.
In the 1990s, he recorded with Billy Bang, Hamiet Bluiett, Sonny Fortune, Courtney Pine, Gunther Schuller, and the World Saxophone Quartet.
Nevertheless, Big Bang was nominated for one GMA Dove Award for Best Metal/Hard Rock Album in 1992, but did not win.
Tamplin commented that he felt the need for a fresh start after he learned that Intense Records had planned to shelve the Big Bang album after two years of hard work.
Big Bang is the debut album by the American metal band Magdallan, released in 1992 through Intense Records.
Big Bang was nominated for one GMA Dove Award for Best Metal/Hard Rock Album in 1992, but did not win.
This is roughly half the time since the Big Bang.
Cipolla began 2008 with a bang the first week in January, winning the singles and doubles
Karin Bang, poet and novelist, is awarded the Aschehoug Prize literature award.
Karin Bang, poet and novelist, is awarded the Riksmål Society Literature Prize.
Although he entered the majors with a bang, he left them with a bust – in only one-third of an inning, he allowed a total of five runs.
Elodie Evers, Lars Bang Larsen, Alexander Koch, Bob Nickas, Gregor Jansen (2012).
She also composed the score of Eva Husson's movie, Bang Gang in 2016.
She also composed the soundtrack for Eva Husson's Bang Gang in 2016 and featured on Big Data's song, "The Business of Emotion" (2015).
Seconds after takeoff from Heathrow's then- runway 28L (extended, years later, and re-designated 27L), there was an unexpected bang and the aircraft started vibrating.
 2012 Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
The fictional character Chip Gardner, portrayed by Andy Daly on the Comedy Bang!
His song "คิดถึงดังดัง" also won "Song of the Year Award" from Bang Awards 2012.
 Jacob Eiler Bang (1899–1965)
They also headlined at Birmingham ArtsFest and the Bang Music Festival at Donington Park, in front of 80,000 people.
As this is not 1970, they then come bang up to date with a rocky "Wavelength", the "poised blues" of "Don't Look Back" and a rolling "Wild Night".
Superdeterminism (Bell 1977), the idea that the universe is completely deterministic, and thus Bell's theorem does not apply, as observers are not free to make independent choices in their measurements, rather everything is predetermined from the Big Bang.
The American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory, created and executive produced by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady, premiered on CBS on September 24, 2007, while the American comedy spin-off prequel television series Young Sheldon, created and executive produced by Lorre alongside Jim Parsons and Steven Molaro, premiered on CBS on September 25, 2017.
The Big Bang Theory initially centers on five characters: Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper, two physicists and roommates; Penny, their neighbor who is a waitress and aspiring actress; and Leonard and Sheldon's friends and co-workers aerospace engineer Howard Wolowitz, and astrophysicist Raj Koothrappali.
Jim Parsons, who portrays the adult Sheldon Cooper on The Big Bang Theory, narrates the series and serves as an executive producer.
In 2020, a year after The Big Bang Theory went off the air, it was revealed that Kate Micucci, who ultimately got the role of Lucy, had auditioned for the role of Amy Farrah Fowler.
Mary Cooper (née Tucker) (Laurie Metcalf in The Big Bang Theory, Zoe Perry in Young Sheldon) is Sheldon's loving, overbearing and deeply religious mother from Texas.
In The Big Bang Theory, it is established that he died when Sheldon and Missy were fourteen years old.
He is portrayed by Lance Barber, who previously portrayed Jimmy Speckerman in one episode of The Big Bang Theory.
He has been mentioned in The Big Bang Theory as one of Sheldon's childhood bullies, although in Young Sheldon he is rather good-natured and at times is friends with Sheldon, but is shown to be extremely dim-witted and simple-minded.
This role is reprised from The Big Bang Theory.
Bang Da Drums Mix)" – 6:34
Big Bang Mini is a Nintendo DS title that was released on January 21, 2009, in North America and March 6, 2009, in Europe.
The primary gameplay mechanic of Big Bang Mini involves the player using the stylus to shoot fireworks from the bottom screen to enemies in the top screen.
Big Bang Mini received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
Daemon Hatfield of IGN praised Arkedo Studios for creating a "psychedelic shooter with fantastic visuals and simple, solid gameplay", concluding that "If you're a fan of hyper shooters like Space Invaders Extreme, you'll definitely want to consider the Big Bang theory.
Big Bang Mini at VicioJuegos.com
This, plus the fact that it does not treat as taboo the name of the Han dynasty founder Liu Bang, means that it was probably produced around the mid to late 3rd century BCE, before Liu took the throne in 202 BCE.
Fredo Bang, rap artist
Recently he worked with Jim Parsons (Big Bang Theory) developing a TV pilot that was optioned by Hollywood producer Meryl Poster.
 Bang Hyeob ... Kang Tae-joo
In May 2015, it was announced that Einhorn would be executive producer and director of The Muppets, executive produced and co-created by Bill Prady (co-creator, The Big Bang Theory) and Bob Kushell (Anger Management, 3rd Rock from the Sun, The Simpsons).
A few more listens and you realise it's a truly great, cool and bang up-to-date pop record, the sort you'll remember as one of your favourites of the year next Christmas.
used Chaloem Phrakiat Bang Mod Stadium as their home field.
"The Tennessee transplant plays straight up, rockin' country, a combination of twang and bang influenced by the likes of Conway Twitty and Lynyrd Skynyrd".
In July 2013, Heffernan published an article entitled "Why I'm a creationist", saying she was "considerably less amused and moved by the character-free Big Bang story ("something exploded") than by the twisted and picturesque misadventures of Eve and Adam".
He was a close friend of Liu Bang.
Once, Liu Bang was tasked with escorting some convicts to Mount Li to become labourers, but some prisoners escaped and Liu was forced to become a fugitive.
In 209 BC, after the Dazexiang Uprising broke out, the magistrate of Pei County considered rebelling against the Qin dynasty as well, so he heeded Cao Shen and Xiao He's advice to invite Liu Bang back to support him.
The townsfolk rebelled against the magistrate and killed him and allowed Liu Bang and his men to enter.
Liu Bang built up his rebel army in Pei County and Cao Shen served as one of his advisors.
Cao Shen defeated the Qin armies led by Xue Guo, Hu Ling and Fang Yu, and was promoted to a high rank by Liu Bang for his contributions.
He returned to help Liu Bang, who was trapped at Yongqiu, and defeated Li You, the Qin general defending Sanchuan.
Liu Bang granted Cao Shen the title of "Marquis of Jiancheng" () and promoted him to a general rank.
Cao Shen helped Liu Bang conquer the Three Qins.
During the Chu–Han Contention, a power struggle between Liu Bang and Xiang Yu, Cao Shen joined Han Xin's army in the campaigns on the northern front.
Liu Bang later sent Cao Shen to suppress the remnants of Qi.
Liu Bang became the Emperor and his dynasty was named "Han".
2008 was the birth of Bikelahoma in this format, featuring Jackyl, Kentucky Headhunters, Crooked X, Bang Tango, Dirty Penny, Murphy's Lawmen, Pedal Point and many other events alongside the rally.
It is taller than B of the Bang, Nelson's Column, the Angel of the North, and the Statue of Liberty (excluding the pedestal).
Bang Bipot: The protagonist of the game.
"Clang Bang Clang" (Dando)
 Maya Yamato, drummer of the band Pastel＊Palettes from the BanG Dream!
At the end of 1984 the band toured mainland Europe as part of a Creation package including McGee's band Biff Bang Pow!
 This is Different (for Bang & Olufsen) (2008)
A small bang charge can be inserted by unscrewing the upper part (where the fuze and lever are).
Releasing the lever ("spoon") activates a striker that fires the charge to produce a bang.
Also in the same year, America began celebrating Earth Day, which has been called "the big bang of U.S. environmental politics, launching the country on a sweeping social learning curve about ecological management never before experienced or attempted in any other nation."
 The Big Bang Theory - in Polish "Teoria Wielkiego Podrywu"
Big Bang is the seventh album from Latin rock band Enanitos Verdes released on August 15, 1994.
The 2008–09 campaign started with a bang for Sippel as Kaiserslautern shot to the top of the league table anchored by their number one goalkeeper, however nine games into the season, Sippel broke his arm on a freak play during a 2–1 win versus Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
 1995 Industry, (Sony Classical) album by Bang On a Can All Stars, as solo electric cellist
 2002 BANG ON A CAN CLASSICS (Cantaloupe)
At least until she learns that her name is written in the high school football team's secret Bang Book and it is Stanford's job to deflower her.
In 2008, she appeared in  The Big Bang Theory in the episode "The Panty Piñata Polarization", along with contestant Lio Tipton (credited as Analeigh Tipton), but her role was a non-speaking one.
An extract of the single "I Know You Sleep" was released on Bang Gang's Myspace page.
Rickie Haywood-Williams is a British radio DJ and television presenter best known for his work with Melvin Odoom and Charlie Hedges on Kiss FM, later BBC Radio 1 and the 2016 TV series Bang on the Money on ITV.
In Spring 2016, Rickie and Melvin co-hosted Saturday night game show Bang on the Money for ITV.
Zimmerman is scheduled to fight Rade Opačić at ONE: Big Bang 2, following a two year layoff.
| 2020-12-4 || Loss ||align=left| Rade Opačić || | ONE Championship: Big Bang 2 ||  Singapore || KO (Spinning heel kick) || 2|| 1:35
Shortly after what was said to be a "tense" confrontation with Berns, Diamond departed Bang for Uni Records in 1968.
Bang Records finally released "Shilo" as a single, albeit with a new backing track recorded to make it sound fresher and more like Diamond's current style.
It ends at a cape at the mouth of Bang Nara River where the annual kolae boat races are held.
New Central Mosque is at Ban Bang Nara, just before Narathat Beach.
It is said that a Bang Nara villager without a kolae fishing boat is like a person without clothes.
 "Shake Rattle Bang Your Head"
It was first called "Big Bang Smurf", then "Walibi Schtroumpf".
He is the author of Bang!, a Wild West themed card game published by daVinci Editrice.
In 2002 he published with daVinci Editrice, which was born shortly before, the card game Bang!, created two years earlier.
 Bang, daVinci Editrice, 2002.
High Noon, daVinci Editrice, 2003 (expansion for Bang!).
Dodge City, daVinci Editrice, 2004 (expansion for Bang!).
- Face Off, Arima/daVinci Editrice, 2005 (PDF game, board game expansion for Bang!).
- The Bullet, daVinci Editrice, 2007 (deluxe set of Bang!).
Gold Rush, dV Games (formerly daVinci Editrice), 2008 (expansion for Bang!).
Udoli Stinu [Valley of Shadows], dV Games/Albi, 2009 (expansion for Bang!, distributed in the Czech Republic only).
The Valley of Shadows, dV Games, 2014 (expansion for Bang!).
On 28 December 2006, Bang Khun Phrom Palace celebrated its centenary which conducted traditional Thai performance in celebration.
Members of his family did not come forward to claim his body, and thus, on July 23, 2020, Si Quey's body was cremated by the corrections department at Wat Bang Praek Tai, a temple near the prison, where he was executed.
Fruit and poultry and also shrimp farms became abundant in the area and the Bang Khun Thien Museum captures this economical and ecological heritage.
The gallery was previously located in Phra Khanong District but is now in a building owned by a Volkswagen dealership in Bang Kapi District.
In a 2004 interview conducted by Local10 news of Florida, it was claimed that individuals were offered $700 for sexual intercourse while shooting a scene of the popular series Bang Bus.
 Oskar Ohlson - "Sea of Grass" from Honk, Bang, Whistle and Crash (2008) 
This minor planet was named in honour of Belgian priest, astronomer and professor of physics, Georges Lemaître (1894–1966), widely regarded as the father of the Big Bang theory.
The character of Don (one of the writers of the "Annabelle" show) is played by Kevin Sussman who plays the character of Stuart, owner of the comic book store frequently featured on The Big Bang Theory, another Chuck Lorre show.
Lee Seung-hyun (stage name Seungri), former member of South Korean boy band Big Bang
The song is featured in the films Fiston, Blended, Boy Meets Girl and Pitch Perfect 2 along with the television shows Skins, The Hills, 20 to 1, The Big Bang Theory, The Game, and RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars''.
Concluding the year, the band won a New Artist Award at the 51st Japan Record Awards, but lost the Best New Artist Award to Korean boy group Big Bang.
Sarcoma in chickens has been studied since the early 1900s when Ellerman and Bang demonstrated that erythroleukemia can be transmitted between chickens by cell-free tissue filtrates, and in 1911 when (Francis) Peyton Rous proved that sarcoma can be transmitted through cell free extracts of solid chicken tumors.
They part ways at the interval bang.
She has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of anime series and video games with Funimation, Bang Zoom!
It's very dramatic and it's definitely going out with a bang, so to speak!"
After finishing, Sticky & Sweet became the highest-grossing tour by a solo artist, grossing over $400 million ($ in  dollars) from 85 shows in 52 countries, with an attendance of 3.5 million; it was the second highest-grossing tour of all time, only behind the Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour (2005–07) which earned $558 million ($ in  dollars).
The Bang Na Expressway was designed by the late Louis Berger.
The Bang Na Expressway was conceived by the Expressway and Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand (ETA).
The world's longest car bridge, the Bang Na Expressway, held the title of the world's longest bridge from 2000 until 2008.
The Big Bang (2007)
 George Hood: Neither Bang nor Whimper: The End of a Missionary Era in China, Singapore: The Presbyterian Church in Singapore, 1991 
 Claes Bang as One-Night Stand
December 27: Renzo Restani, Italian comics artist (Dave Devil, Baby Bang, Moses, Yal Brunn), dies at age 74.
Cosgrove tells the operator: "My wife thinks I'm all right, I called and said I was leaving the building and that I was fine, and then bang!"
Pretty soon, fog appears in front of the audience and a bang of pyrotechnics blasts, thus beginning the opening of the show.
Denise Sheppard of Rolling Stone gave the tour a positive review, writing that Janet "put together a show that was less extravagant in terms of outfits and stage props, attempting instead to bring the bang with pyro and mini-explosions."
 Nanny McPhee: The Big Bang (2010)
Shinee were one of two non-Japanese artists, along with Big Bang, to make it into the top ten of the list.
An episode of The Big Bang Theory sees Sheldon Cooper resolving to make all of his life decisions based on the roll of a die.
Kido was scheduled to fight a rematch with Shingo Garyu at Big Bang 3 on September 23, 2010.
Kido was scheduled to face Kazuki Hamazaki at Big Bang 5 on May 15, 2011.
Kido was scheduled to face Shintaro Matsukura at Big Bang 7 on December 11, 2011.
Kido was scheduled to face Man-Sun Baek at Big Bang 8 on February 25, 2012.
He first fought Yū Hirono at Big Bang 10 on September 2, 2012 and won the fight by unanimous decision, with all three judges awarding him a 30-29 scorecard.
Kido was afterwards scheduled to face Masoud Minaei at Big Bang 13 on June 2, 2013, with all three judges scoring the fight as 30-25 for Kido.
Kido was scheduled to fight Kuntap Weerasakreck at Big Bang 15 on December 1, 2013.
Kido was scheduled to fight Li Yankun for the WBKF −70kg World championship at Big Bang 16 on February 23, 2014.
Kido was scheduled to defend his WBKF −70kg World title against Vahid Roshani at Big Bang 20 on February 15, 2015.
Kido was scheduled to face Kim Min-su at Big Bang 28 on February 12, 2017.
Kido was booked to face Takeharu Ogawa at Big Bang 41 on March 20, 2022.
| 2015-02-15 || Win ||align=left| Vahid Roshani  || Big Bang 20  || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 || 38-17-1
| 2014-02-23 || Win ||align=left| Li Yankun || Big Bang 16 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO || 3 || 2:59 || 36–15–1
| 2012-09-02 || Win ||align=left| Yū Hirono || Big Bang 10 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision(unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 || 29–13–1
 Ex Revs front man Rory Gallagher won the award of Best Album of 2009 from Lanzarote's English language radio station UKawayFM for his solo album God Bless the Big Bang.
It was announced that Nieky Holzken would face Elliot Compton at ONE Championship: Big Bang 2 on December 11, 2020.
Bang Kok is a 1996 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang.
Bang Kok concerns two businessmen who share stories of prostitution rings in Thailand climaxing in one of the men confessing to his friend he has contracted AIDS.
Pieces of the Quilt opened in 1996 at the San Francisco Magic Theatre, but Bang Kok was not included due to its specific casting needs.
Currently, Bang Kok is not published.
This twaddle about an oldster drawing on youth and vitality by having an ethnically balanced bunch of hired hands jam their fingers in his ears and nostrils is just an elaborately embroidered account of going out with a bang."
Smith co-authored the book Theism, Atheism and Big Bang Cosmology with William Lane Craig.
An early advocate and developer of Lemaître's Big Bang theory.
Ethan Siegel (1978–): American theoretical astrophysicist and science writer, whose area of research focuses on quantum mechanics and the Big Bang theory.
In her own words "I hated it from the very first oompah to the final bang on the big bass drum.
 Bang Pahan District, a district in Thailand
It also makes an appearance in The Big Bang Theory season 9 episode "The Positive Negative Reaction", where Leonard and Raj sing the song at a bar during karaoke.
"Gang Bang Heaven" - 2:58
Billy Bang (1947–2011)
Other artists who have recorded his material include Shenandoah and Alison Krauss ("Ghost in This House"), Highway 101 ("Bing Bang Boom"), Barbara Mandrell ("Where are the Pieces of My Heart"), John Conlee,  Tanya Tucker, Don Williams, The Judds, James Taylor and Jerry Douglas.
"He would invite us around for dinner and would normally be sat there working on the script and would go in the next day, bang it on the table and say, 'I've rewritten this, here it is!'
 Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) - Bradley
 The Big Bang (1987) - Comrade in Chief (English version, voice)
In a club show, Sydney collective Bang Gang DJs played Crawdaddy.
Concordian International School (Concordian) is a Pre-K to grade 12 school located in Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan, Thailand.
Conceived by Al Jaffee, the cover (pictured at right) bears the headline, "You'll Get a BANG out of this issue of Mad Magazine", and features a painting by Norman Mingo depicting Castro in the act of lighting a cigar wrapped with a cigar band on which is drawn Alfred E. Neuman with his fingers plugging his ears, awaiting the explosion.
The pilot episode of The Big Bang Theory originally aired on CBS in the United States on September 24, 2007.
Astronomy Cast has covered a wide variety of topics ranging from the planets in our solar system to the end of the universe, from the big bang to black holes.
as it used to be but the 2nd and 3rd sport bang ups as the soldiers of the 52nd who were the first in the Division that put them on have christened them.." All regiments were expected to be compliant with regulations by April 1814.
Bang Lang Reservoir () is a reservoir in Bannang Sata District, Yala Province, southern Thailand.
The reservoir's dam, Bang Lang Dam, is 85 metres high with a crest of 422 metres long, and the reservoir has a capacity of 1,420 million cubic metres.
Bang Lang Reservoir by EGAT (Thai)
The Bang Lang Dam is built on the river.
Track 10 contains elements from "Mothership Connection (Star Child)" by Parliament (1975), "The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament (1979), and "The Predator" by Ice Cube (1992)
Troglokhammouanus steineri – Xe Bang Fai cave scorpion
As reported by the Grant County Herald, John Collins ushered the year 1875 out with a bang, apparently deciding to kill a man named James "Jim" Smith.
Executive Producer of Drama and Production at Network Ten, Rick Maier, issued a statement on the show's official Facebook page: "While we don't discount a return series, it is not on the cards at this stage – but we do intend to finish season four with a bang, literally."
Tosin opened up the 2012 Olympic season with a bang, a 17.23m personal best at his National trials in Calabar really signalled his intent for the year ahead.
Tocsin Bang, the codeword attached by the Royal Observer Corps to any reading on the AWDREY instrument after a nuclear strike on the United Kingdom during the Cold War
 Claire Cantais, Big Bang Pop!
Robert Dallas Campbell (born 17 September 1970) is a British television presenter and television and stage actor, best known as a presenter on the factual Channel 5 series The Gadget Show in 2008 and BBC One science series Bang Goes the Theory from 2009 to 2012.
His television presenting career began on The Gadget Show (Channel 5) followed by BBC One's prime time science magazine show Bang Goes the Theory.
Dallas hosted Doctor Who'''s 50th Anniversary celebrations between 22 and 24 November 2013, at London's ExCel Arena, Stargazing Live, and a two-summer national tour of Bang Goes the Theory.
Their debut album was issued in 1979, and the group maintained the same line-up until May 1986, when Bang left and was replaced by Charles Burnham.
At issue were obscene films sold between May 2004 and October 2006: Gang Bang Horse "Pony Sex Game," Mako's First Time Scat, Hollywood Scat Amateurs No.
 2005      Money Gang - Bang Fo Bread, ‘One, Two Thang’
Marshall Bang, American singer, known as MRSHLL
 Bang Your Head Festival - 10th Anniversary (2006)
These include submachine guns, assault rifles, shotguns and carbines, while special units may also have additional weapons like Flash bang and stinger tear gas grenades, H&K USP series and SIG Sauer series pistols, Heckler & Koch MP5, Heckler & Koch UMP and FN P90 submachine guns, M14 rifle, the Remington 700P and some .50 caliber sniper rifles.
The fullest account of the action was given by Paul Sainmont, an officer in chef de bataillon Mignot's battalion of the 2nd Zouave Regiment, which had accompanied Simon's battalion to Tonkin:Today the 1st Battalion, 1st Zouave Regiment was at grips with the soldiers of Luu Vinh Phuc in the Thanh May district near the village of Bang Huyen.
The significance of the engagement at Phu Lam Tao was that it took place one day before General François de Négrier's heavy defeat on 24 March 1885 at the Battle of Bang Bo by the Guangxi Army.
Jap Bang (雜方): How to take care of swords, pottery, musical instruments and other things
While the army ministry was struggling to explain away General François de Négrier's defeat in the battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885) and the subsequent French retreat from Lạng Sơn, Courbet presented the navy ministry with an elegant, almost bloodless victory in the Pescadores.
He has made guest appearances on television programs such as American Dad!, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Angie Tribeca, Delocated, Happy Endings, The Office, Super Fun Night, and Key & Peele.
Following this, she released a mixtape entitled BBBP (Bad Bitches Bang Pink).
"More Like an Orgy" samples "The Big Bang Theory" by Parliament, "The Humpty Dance" by Digital Underground & "Gangsta Gangsta" by N.W.A.
Not with a Bang (1990)
"This is going to register with a bang with most folks.
August 2005–August 2007 – A Bigger Bang Tour
The satellites were primarily used for Solar research, however the later satellites were used for other research, including research into the Big Bang theory, and Earth's magnetosphere.
He used to perform as an underground rapper before joining the record label YG Entertainment and debuting as the main rapper for the boy band Big Bang in 2006.
1987–2006: Career beginnings and debut with Big Bang
(Korean: 탑) by senior YG artist Seven, he became one of two rappers alongside G-Dragon (Kwon's stage name) in Big Bang.
Hyunseung was later dropped by Yang, and Big Bang made its official debut with five members.
Their first studio album, Big Bang Vol.
In April 2007, he was featured with fellow Big Bang members Taeyang and G-Dragon on singer Lexy's single "Super Fly" for her album Rush.
On February 7, 2022, YG Entertainment announced that Big Bang will make their comeback with a new song in the spring.
T.O.P and Big Bang have been praised for their individuality and ability to fuse a pop sound with rap, R&B and dance elements.
The duo also admitted to becoming "much more diverse [in their] attempts" to create their own style, preferring to mix several genres together in order to "bring out more of our character that we don't get to show when we're Big Bang."
While internationally, Big Bang is often referred to as a "K-pop" group, T.O.P has expressed distaste with the label noting how "[y]ou don't divide pop music by who's doing it.
Odoom and Rickie co-presented the Saturday night entertainment series Bang on the Money.
Deregulation in the 1980s, culminating in the Big Bang in 1986, also encouraged the bank to enter the securities business.
In 1933, Teng composed several well-known Hokkien songs such as Bang Chhun Hong (望春風) and Goat Ia Chhiu (月夜愁).
Brière de l'Isle's record of solid professional achievement was marred in the second fortnight of March 1885, with simultaneous French defeats on 24 March at the Battle of Phu Lam Tao and (far more serious) the Battle of Bang Bo.
2nd Lieutenant Rene Normand, who fell a month later in the Battle of Bang Bo and whose letters from Tonkin were published after his death, distinguished himself in this action.
Three weeks later the Chinese attacked the Dong Dang garrison, precipitating a series of events that led to a decisive French defeat at the Battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885).
Kellie: given a bang fringe
It aired on 10 September 2008 in the Afternoon Play slot as part of Radio 4's Big Bang Day which celebrated the switching on of CERN's Large Hadron Collider that same day.
As part of the "Big Bang Day" coverage, James Gillies, director of communications for CERN, wrote an article for Radio 4's website comparing the fictional LHC of Lost Souls with the real LHC: "The CERN of reality bears little resemblance to that of Joseph Lidster's Torchwood script.
When Alan was surprised to find Charlie did not have their mother's cell phone number in his contacts list, Charlie told him "If I can't eat it, bang it or bet on it, it's not in my phone."
 Bang the Drum Slowly (adaptation) - 1992
So much so that an album was recorded with Hasselvander on the drums, What Doesn't Kill You.... 2005 came and Hasselvander played the colossal German rock festivals Keep It True and Bang Your Head!!!
In 2009, Avelino started a regular stint on GMA's variety show SOP Rules and landed major roles in two series starring Kris Bernal and Aljur Abrenica, fellow Starstruck 4 alumni: Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
Classics: The Early Years is a compilation album by American musician Neil Diamond released in 1983 featuring the early recordings he made for Bang Records in 1966 and 1967.
Columbia gave Diamond control of the Bang masters of his recordings.
The original copyright notice of this album read "(C) and (P)1983 Neil Diamond and CBS Inc." This compilation has a different track lineup compared to the 1968 Bang compilation album titled Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits which contains two cover songs.
Later Neil Diamond compilations contained the mono versions, which makes this album the only source for the stereo versions of his Bang Records releases.
His Vale Park career started with a bang as he scored on his debut in a 2–2 draw at Middlesbrough on 23 August 1986.
 Produced by Jean Fredenucci for Big Bang
 Incremental Reform (as opposed to a Big Bang approach),
 Sound: Sabre ES9218 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC, tuned by Bang & Olufsen in all regions except North America
 Sound: Sabre ES9218P 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC, tuned by Bang & Olufsen
She previously hosted OMG and Music Bang in MYX North America.
She hosted two segments in Myx North America namely OMG and Music Bang.
In 1995 he presents the young artists Joël Mpah Dooh, Blaise Bang, Salifou Lindou, Hervé Youmbi and Hervé Yamguen inside the exhibition "Tele Miso" at the MAM Gallery in Douala.
 2011: "Pink" - as Bang Rang Gaek / wanderer
Hunt however was bang in form having scored four goals in a Sheffield and Hallamshire County Cup semi-final tie 12 days earlier against Rotherham United.
J. Michael Tatum is an American voice actor, ADR director and script writer working for Funimation/OkraTron 5000 And Bang Zoom!
He is perhaps best known for his work on Bang the Drum Slowly.
As a feature film director, he is best known for the 1973 film Bang the Drum Slowly, starring Robert De Niro and Michael Moriarty.
 The Lambda-CDM model, the standard model of big bang cosmology
Shilo is a compilation album of songs recorded by Neil Diamond, which was released on September 12, 1970 by Bang Records.
It reached number 52 on the U.S. pop albums chart, and was the best-selling of his Bang albums.
So you are getting way more bang for your buck."
NASA's science is focused on better understanding Earth through the Earth Observing System; advancing heliophysics through the efforts of the Science Mission Directorate's Heliophysics Research Program; exploring bodies throughout the Solar System with advanced robotic spacecraft such as New Horizons; and researching astrophysics topics, such as the Big Bang, through the Great Observatories and associated programs.
2002 begins with a bang as an earthquake rips through Sydney, causing Von to fracture her arm and a train derailment.
Rick Groen of The Globe and Mail gave the film 1/4 stars, writing: "As always in Emmerich's rollicking Armageddons, the cannon speaks with an expensive bang, while the fodder gets afforded nary a whimper."
Struer, home of Bang & Olufsen' International headquarters.
The first, the Primordial Era, is the time in the past just after the Big Bang when stars had not yet formed.
If space in the universe begins to contract, subsequent events in the timeline may not occur because the Big Crunch, the collapse of the universe into a hot, dense state similar to that after the Big Bang, will supervene.
About 155 million years after the Big Bang, the first star formed.
Approximately five billion years from now, or 19 billion years after the Big Bang, the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy will collide with one another and merge into one large galaxy based on current evidence.
The universe could possibly avoid eternal heat death through random quantum tunneling and quantum fluctuations, given the non-zero probability of producing a new Big Bang in roughly  years.
Stitcher currently operates 3 original content networks with over 50 shows from Earwolf (home to shows like Comedy Bang!
Shortly after the Big Bang of the Marvel universe, the Proemial Gods arose from the very universe itself, collectively existing to maintain the cosmic consonance between order and chaos in the universe and to prepare "what exists for what is to come."
Continuing to journey back in time, Sise-Neg reached the moment prior to the Big Bang that creates the universe and absorbs all of the magic in the universe.
Furthermore, on the December 28, 2007 edition of Music Bank, Big Bang joined Wonder Girls for a performance that included both "Tell Me" and "Lies".
Bang Si-hyuk – production (track 11)
Jennifer Love Hewitt included a version on her 1995 album Let's Go Bang.
After retirement he opened a rice shop in Bang Yai District, Nonthaburi Province.
He pays it with a skull-cracker bang on the head of the bill presenter with his own steely head.
South Korean boy band Big Bang have released twenty-seven concerts video albums, forty music videos, four music video compilations, and one documentary DVD.
The line is divided into two sections; the 22.5km Eastern section from Suwinthawong to Thailand Cultural Centre and the 2nd phase 13.4km Western section from Thailand Cultural Centre to Bang Khun Non.
It then proceeds underground near Lam Sali intersection in Bang Kapi District, where there will be a transfer to the MRT Yellow Line.
In July 2011, the section from Bang Khun Non to Taling Chan was finally scrapped in favour of the SRT Light Red Line spur line which duplicates the same route.
The section from Din Daeng District to Bang Bamru was rerouted away from Victory Monument and Ratchawithi road route to further run south to Pratunam and then west along Petchaburi Road and Larn Luang Road.
The Phase 2 Western extension of the Orange line will run from Thailand Cultural Centre to Bang Khun Non via Pratunam.
It incorporates an extension of the Blue Line from nearby Bang Sue station to Tao Poon station.
Line then continue along Rattanathibet Road, passing through a large residential area in Bang Yai District, crosses the Chao Phraya River on a bridge parallel to the Phra Nangklao Bridge and runs to Nonthaburi Civic Center station.
Passing Bang Son station before terminate at upper platform of Tao Poon station.
The line has 1 depot near Khlong Bang Phai station
It heads east along Ngam Wong Wan road through Khae Rai intersection and then Vihavadi-Rangsit road to interchange with the SRT Dark Red Line at Bang Khen.
On 9 December 2021, daily testing conducted at a maximum speed of 25 kilometres per hour began on a short 4km section of the line between the depot at Miniburi and Bang Chan station.
It interchanges with the SRT Dark Red Line at Lak Si Station and passes over Vibhavadi Rangsit Road running east through the Ram Intra intersection and the Lak Si monument in Bang Khen District, where it crosses under the BTS Sukhumvit Line and interchanges with Wat Phra Sri Mahathat.
An homage to Thailand's Bang Pa-In Palace, the work incorporates traditional Thai melody and embellishments.
Adler's works have been performed at Carnegie Hall, Chicago Symphony Center, Tanglewood, Merkin Hall, Shanghai Symphony Hall, the Bang on a Can Marathon, Music at the Anthology, and the Cultural Center of Chicago, the Seoul Arts Center, Sumida Triphony Hall in Tokyo and at new music festivals and universities across the US.
Patton returned for a second Boise State tour in March 2003 and marked that comeback with a bang that led to a trophy – the 2003 Western Athletic Conference Championship.
In March 2009, a pair of South Korean businessmen Sang Park and Bang Mal-sum were murdered in a suburb of the capital.
Antenucci begins with a bang, the second round, scoring six goals in eleven games, which helped Ternana to remain undefeated for twelve games.
Quark–gluon plasma is studied to recreate and understand the high energy density conditions prevailing in the Universe when matter formed from elementary degrees of freedom (quarks, gluons) at about 20μs after the Big Bang.
The generally accepted model of the formation of the Universe states that it happened as the result of the Big Bang.
In this model, in the time interval of 10−10–10−6 s after the Big Bang, matter existed in the form of a quark–gluon plasma.
During the 2000s Jones made appearances on various television shows such as CBS's Two and a Half Men, the WB drama Everwood, Fox's medical drama House, M.D., and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
He is best known for his work with Studiopolis, Viz Media, Bang Zoom!
Bang the Drum Slowly, 1973 film (many scenes)
Bang the Drum Slowly, 1973 film (several scenes standing in for Shea Stadium)
 Priya Koothrappali, from The Big Bang Theory television series
She has also stayed in a number of field camps, both on the coast and in the Transantarctic mountains, where scientists are studying penguins, climate change, and the Big Bang.
Bledsoe has travelled to Antarctica three times and written four books about Antarctica: The Big Bang Symphony; The Ice Cave: A Woman's Adventures from the Mojave to the Antarctic; How to Survive in Antarctica; and The Antarctic Scoop.
The Big Bang Symphony (novel), 2010.
BANG was founded in New York City in January 1989 by former advertising agency creative director Lyle Greenfield.
In 1993, BANG left Calliope and established its own studios in a two-story brick building in New York's historic Flatiron District.
In the mid-1990s BANG formed an independent label imprint, Notorious Records, releasing several dance singles including a remake of Phil Collins’ iconic hit "In The Air Tonight".
While at BANG she signed a record deal with Peak Records in Los Angeles and also became a touring keyboardist for the Trans-Siberian Orchestra.
In 2001, Espen Noreger, best known as the drummer for Norwegian rock band The Getaway People, joined BANG as a composer.
In 2004 Jones was made a full partner in Bang Music.
In early 2008 Brad Stratton joined BANG as Executive Producer and partner.
At the same time, BANG continued to expand its work in film and interactive audio production with several films featured at the Sundance and Tribeca Film Festivals as well as over 50 games and apps for The Walt Disney Company.
In 2012, Senior Engineer Paul Vītolinš joined BANG, supporting the company's increasing work in audio post production.
In January of the same year, Jones was named President of BANG, succeeding its founder in that position for the first time.
Situated within the walls of Eallin Motion Arts, a modern animation and mixed media production company, partners in the BANG EU operation are composer-musician-producers Viliam Béreš and Steve Walsh.
In October, Shelby Comstock Britten joined BANG in New York as studio and production manager, coordinating operations between both the music and audio post divisions and New York-Prague.
27 May – Bang Goes the Budgie (ABC)
Peter Pek was the only personality from the show to be featured in a live interview on Fly FM's Big Bang Breakfast Show.
Since departing from Casualty, she has appeared in various television series including Bang, In My Skin and The Pembrokeshire Murders.
PAHs seem to have been formed as early as two billion years after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
1998 – 2002 Festivals with Cyro Baptista's Beat the Donkey, among others at Big Bang Percussion Festival in Belgium and Holland, Guimaraes Jazz Festival, Guggenheim Museum, NY Stock Exchange and many more 
Geneon hired Bang Zoom!
Entertainment to produce the dubbed version of Last Exile, which Ryan Mathews of Anime News Network has praised as "the best Bang Zoom dub of all I've experienced".
Wells International Kindergarten has operations in two campuses: Thong Lor (Nursery–G2) in Watthana District, serving students from pre-school to Grade 2; and Bang Na in Prawet District, serving students from pre-school to Grade 5.
 Galactus – Only survivor of the universe before the Big Bang.
A History of Vietnam: From Hong Bang to Tu Duc.
Bang, Bernhard L. F.
G-Dragon collaborated with Big Bang bandmate T.O.P to release the album GD & TOP in 2010.
Additionally, he and future fellow Big Bang member Choi Seung-hyun were "neighborhood friend[s] from middle school" and would often dance and rap together before Kwon moved away.
2012–2013: Breakthrough years and comeback with Big Bang
The single had over 1.2 million downloads in South Korea, while its music video surpassed 100 million views on YouTube; this made Big Bang the first Korean male group to have three videos with this many YouTube views.
Known for reinventing his image and style throughout the years, the singer-rapper is often described as the "most fashionable" member in Big Bang.
G-Dragon along with Big Bang are Korea's highest paid celebrities over endorsements, reportedly having an asking price of $1–1.5 million USD per endorsement in 2011.
Big Bang (South Korean band) members
It also features as one of the weapon cards in the Spaghetti Western-themed card game Bang!.
And he finished with a bang, scoring 35 and 44.
Items produced by the local goldsmith include the singsing (ring), gallang (bracelet), gantung liug (necklace), bang (stud earring), aritis (dangling earring), pin (brooch), and gold teeth.
Stand Up is the third Korean extended play by South Korean boy group Big Bang, it was released on August 8, 2008.
She and Pinstripe later appear as playable characters in the party game Crash Boom Bang!.
He appears as a playable character in Crash Team Racing, Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Boom Bang!.
He appears as a boss character in Crash Bandicoot and Crash Team Racing and as a playable character in Crash Boom Bang!.
In film, White directed Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang and most recently Our Kind of Traitor.
She appeared on The Big Bang Theory as Christy and How I Met Your Mother as Margaret.
11 on the Billboard sales chart, while Bang debuted at No.
This period occurred about 320,000 years after the Big Bang.
"TOCSIN BANG – CAR – 11.06 (hours) – 3 megatons"  (with CAR relating to Carlisle control).
 Minister for Education – Nina Bang – 1924
While practicing the song outside the sound booth, he met Jon "Bermuda" Schwartz, who told him he was a drummer and agreed to bang on Yankovic's accordion case to help Yankovic keep a steady beat during the song.
In 2016, Yankovic became the bandleader on the IFC series Comedy Bang!
Bang!, on which he had previously guest starred.
The Ancient Lights survived the Big Bang and needed Trueman to rule the world because, he was the "Chosen One".
It's an adventure yarn with delusions of grandeur, a movie that ends — in the all-too-familiar words of the poet Mr. Coppola drags in by the bootstraps — not with a bang, but a whimper.'
It was selected by organisers as their favourite and was answered by Dallas Campbell and Dr Yan Wong, presenters of BBC1 show Bang Goes The Theory.
In 2017 Ballard told the ABC "I'm a painful atheist and bang on about it quite regularly in my comedy", but added that his "strident atheism" had been tempered in recent years through his involvement in refugee advocacy and meeting faith leaders in that space "living the best values of the Christian teaching."
It can be demonstrated that, to create an imbalance in matter and antimatter from an initial condition of balance, the Sakharov conditions must be satisfied, one of which is the existence of CP violation during the extreme conditions of the first seconds after the Big Bang.
Since this is not the case, after the Big Bang, physical laws must have acted differently for matter and antimatter, i.e.
Sakharov proposed a way to restore CP-symmetry using T-symmetry, extending spacetime before the Big Bang.
Then, suddenly, at 3:02 am, the aircraft began a dutch roll after a bang shuddered the aircraft violently.
Lee was the writer of Bang Chhun Hong, a well-known popular Hokkien song which was composed by Teng U-hian.
Johnston's son, Jaren Johnston, founded the Southern rock group American Bang, which disbanded and re-established as The Cadillac Three.
Also called Wat In, of the late Ayutthaya Kingdom , when it was called Wat Bang Khunphrom Nok for the name of the suburb where it is located.
The gun would be revealed as a joke gun firing a flag with BANG!
 Closest winning percentage: 19.75% to  18.70% (1.05% difference) – James Reid to Ryan Bang (Teen Clash 2010)
The English audiobook version of Kizumonogatari was released on May 25, 2016 by Bang Zoom!
He also wrote, produced and directed Bang Goes Douglas Smith.
A-Rod would come back with a bang, having a 3-run homer on the first pitch he had seen since early spring training.
This chain was called bang.
At 14:28 the co-pilot (who was flying) reported hearing a muffled bang which was also heard by some of the passengers, from the area of the No.
Before the band embarked on the tour, songwriter/guitarist Noel Gallagher jokingly said he considered outplaying The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which was the highest-grossing tour of all time with $558 million earned, and lasted over two years.
 Misaki Okusawa, a character from the BanG Dream!
 Wongwian Yai Market and Bang Yi Ruea Market
Aya Maruyama, from the BanG Dream!
This story arc is also partially based on the classical novel Fengshen Bang, as characters from the novel also appear in this manhua.
It tells the story of Liu Bang (Emperor Gaozu of Han) and how he defeated his rival Xiang Yu in the Chu–Han Contention to become the founding emperor of the Han Dynasty.
2007 Big Bang Theory'', Styx (engineered and co-produced)
The series began release in North America on limited-edition DVDs and Blu-rays via Voyager Entertainment USA and Bandai Visual on February 27, 2014, under the title Star Blazers 2199 in Japanese language with English Subtitles (created by Bang Zoom!
The project approximately costed 6 billion Baht and is located in Bang Phli District, Samut Prakan Province.
It consists of the eastbound Sathon Nuea Road (or North Sathon Road, belonging to Si Lom Subditrict, Bang Rak District) and the westbound Sathon Tai Road (or South Sathon Road, belonging to Yan Nawa and Thung Maha Mek Subdistricts, Sathon District) separated by Khlong Sathon canal.
The chronology of the universe describes the history and future of the universe according to Big Bang cosmology.
The FLRW metric very closely matches overwhelming other evidence, showing that the universe has expanded since the Big Bang.
(This does not necessarily mean that the universe was physically small at the Big Bang, although that is one of the possibilities.)
For this reason, it is said that the Big Bang "happened everywhere".
The Planck epoch is an era in traditional (non-inflationary) Big Bang cosmology immediately after the event which began the known universe.
Traditional big bang cosmology predicts a gravitational singularity before this time, but this theory relies on the theory of general relativity, which is thought to break down for this epoch due to quantum effects.
Between 10−36 seconds (or the end of inflation) and 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang
Before c. 10−32 seconds after the Big Bang
10−12 seconds after the Big Bang
approximately 10−22 seconds after the Big Bang.
Between 10−5 second and 1 second after the Big Bang
As neutrinos rarely interact with matter, these neutrinos still exist today, analogous to the much later cosmic microwave background emitted during recombination, around 370,000 years after the Big Bang.
Moreover, the fluctuations corresponded to neutrinos of almost exactly the temperature predicted by Big Bang theory ( compared to a prediction of 1.95K), and exactly three types of neutrino, the same number of neutrino flavors predicted by the Standard Model.
Between 1 second and 10 seconds after the Big Bang
About 10 seconds after the Big Bang the temperature of the universe falls to the point at which new lepton–antilepton pairs are no longer created and most remaining leptons and antileptons quickly annihilated each other, giving rise to pairs of high-energy photons, and leaving a small residue of non-annihilated leptons.
Between 10 seconds and 370,000 years after the Big Bang
Therefore, the only stable nuclides created by the end of Big Bang nucleosynthesis are protium (single proton/hydrogen nucleus), deuterium, helium-3, helium-4, and lithium-7.
For example, the Big Bang should produce about 1 neutron for every 7 protons, allowing for 25% of all nucleons to be fused into helium-4 (2 protons and 2 neutrons out of every 16 nucleons), and this is the amount we find today, and far more than can be easily explained by other processes.
47,000 years after the Big Bang
There is overwhelming evidence that dark matter exists and dominates our universe, but since the exact nature of dark matter is still not understood, the Big Bang theory does not presently cover any stages in its formation.
About 370,000 years after the Big Bang, two connected events occurred: the ending of recombination and photon decoupling.
This period, known as the Dark Ages, began around 370,000 years after the Big Bang.
The first generation of stars, known as Population III stars, formed within a few hundred million years after the Big Bang.
Around 150 million to 1 billion years after the Big Bang
Structure formation in the Big Bang model proceeds hierarchically, due to gravitational collapse, with smaller structures forming before larger ones.
Analysis of such observations made by the Planck microwave space telescope in 2016 concluded that the first generation of stars may have formed from around 300 million years after the Big Bang.
Subsequently, Leiden University's Rychard J. Bouwens and Garth D. Illingworth from UC Observatories/Lick Observatory found the galaxy UDFj-39546284 to be even older, at a time some 480 million years after the Big Bang or about halfway through the Dark Ages 13.2 billion years ago.
In December 2012 the first candidate galaxies dating to before reionization were discovered, when UDFy-38135539, EGSY8p7 and GN-z11 galaxies were found to be around 380–550 million years after the Big Bang, 13.4 billion years ago and at a distance of around .
From about 9.8 billion years after the Big bang
Awards and collaborated with American rap duo Chiddy Bang on a track titled "Rescue Me" that was released in February 2011.
Soon after the Big Bang, which occurred roughly 14 Gya, the only chemical elements present in the universe were hydrogen, helium, and lithium, the three lightest atoms in the periodic table.
PAHs seem to have formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
Having written a lot of 1960s-driven music, Winstead teamed up with Scott-Key to form the Oakland-based band Bang Lime.
Bang Lime's debut album, released in 2007, is titled Best Friends in Love, and is said to possess elements of indie rock, dance-rock, post-punk, and "dirty" rock & roll.
Initial presses of the album included a bonus EP called Big Bang Boogie.
The Centennial year started off with a bang, opening with a weekend Winter Carnival, which concluded with a fireworks display, designed specifically for the club and its celebration of 100 years.
Rose was born in Melbourne, the daughter of Katia Langenheim, a 20-year-old single mother and artist, whom Rose describes as one of her role models and the great-granddaughter of German movie actress Ellen Bang.
 St. Louis Mills opens with a bang in Hazelwood – St. Louis Business Journal – November 13, 2003
To discourage further incursions by the Chinese, de Négrier decided to pursue the raiders across the frontier with the bulk of the 2nd Brigade and attack the Chinese in their entrenched camp at Bang Bo near Zhennan Pass, hoping that the element of surprise would make up for his lack of numbers.
The Battle of Bang Bo was the only defeat he suffered in his entire military career.
Second Lieutenant René Normand of the 111th Line Battalion (killed in action a month later in the Battle of Bang Bo) recalled a typical incident during the Lạng Sơn Campaign in February 1885:General de Négrier began to concentrate his brigade.
No fewer than six band members are in the group Big Bang!
The song has been covered live by Weezer (in a medley with "Poker Face" by Lady Gaga), Chiddy Bang, The Moth and the Mirror, Mac Miller, Dr Fox's Old Timey String Band, Jack's Mannequin, Our Lady Peace, Lady Danville, B.o.B, the band VIC , A Modest Proposal, Matt Hires, The Neon Rush, Chris Webby and Cage The Elephant.
Star Trek Deep Space Nine - season 7, episode 15 - Badda Bing Badda Bang (1999) - Blonde
They would bang pots and pans together in hamlet streets to drown out the speakers, and cut off the hands of villagers reading leaflets.
It was one of history's highest grossing concert tours, grossing $441.6 million, third behind The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, which grossed $558.3 million in the mid-2000s, and U2's 360° Tour, which grossed $736.1 million in 2011.
It objected to scenes in The Gang Bang Girl 20 featuring its motorbikes and memorabilia.
These fossorial rodents bang their head against the walls of their tunnels.
The Battle of Bang Bo (named by the French from the Vietnamese pronunciation of Hengpo, a village in the centre of the Chinese position where the fighting was fiercest), is normally known as the Battle of Zhennan Pass in China.
On 29 March, while the French were retreating southwards, the demoralised Chinese were streaming back towards Zhennanguan, heading for the shelter of their entrenched camps at Bang Bo and Yen Cua Ai.
He decided to defend his conduct by attacking de Négrier's decision to attack the Chinese at Bang Bo, claiming that the 2nd Brigade's morale was shaky, and alleging that, as an officer of the metropolitan army, he had been the victim of a plot by the Legion and marine infantry officers who ran the Tonkin expeditionary corps.
The Cambrian explosion,  Cambrian radiation, Cambrian diversification, or The Biological Big Bang refers to an interval of time approximately  in the Cambrian Period when practically all major animal phyla started appearing in the fossil record.
Nanami Hiromachi (七美 広町), a character from the BanG Dream!
Also the games Speeder Bike Racing, and Attack Cruiser were developed by Big Bang Entertainment LLC a third-party company who had also developed some mini-games for Free Realms.
It was founded by four artist-run venues: The Living Art Museum (also known as Nýló), Kling & Bang Gallery, The Dwarf Gallery and Gallery Bananananas (closed since 2007), as well as the Center for Icelandic Art (CIA.IS, now known as the Icelandic Art Center).
Today, the festival is co-run by Kling & Bang Gallery, The Living Art Museum (Nýló), and the Icelandic Art Center.
When Hawking began his doctoral studies, there was much debate in the physics community about the prevailing theories of the creation of the universe: the Big Bang and Steady State theories.
Cosmological inflationa theory proposing that following the Big Bang, the universe initially expanded incredibly rapidly before settling down to a slower expansionwas proposed by Alan Guth and also developed by Andrei Linde.
It proposed that prior to the Planck epoch, the universe had no boundary in space-time; before the Big Bang, time did not exist and the concept of the beginning of the universe is meaningless.
The initial singularity of the classical Big Bang models was replaced with a region akin to the North Pole.
They discussed the Big Bang theory, God and the possibility of extraterrestrial life.
Hawking also guest-starred in Futurama and had a recurring role in The Big Bang Theory.
After her debut album, Love Songs (1992), was released at age 12 exclusively in Japan, she went on to record Let's Go Bang (1995), Jennifer Love Hewitt (1996) and BareNaked (2002), the latter of which became her first album to chart in the United States, peaking at number 37 on the Billboard 200 chart.
She was subsequently signed to Atlantic Records, who released her next two albums —Let's Go Bang (1995) and Jennifer Love Hewitt (1996).
It originated from the Chao Phraya and Bang Pakong Rivers in Thailand.
Just before midnight, the plane was heading down the runway for takeoff when the occupants heard a loud bang.
Bang means a field or pasture, high enough for the climate to be temperate, subalpine or even alpine.
 System 7 – Blue, Big Bang, M80, Pleiades
With Jeff Scott Soto he has toured Brazil, Argentina and throughout Europe playing in the most prestigious Rock festivals, most notably Graspop Metal Meeting, Bang Your Head!!!
LOFAR is an innovative low-frequency radio telescope that has the potential to look back in time to the early epoch of the Universe just after the Big Bang when the first luminous objects were forming.
The book The Frontiers of Science & Faith: Examining Questions from the Big Bang to the End of the Universe (2002) credits Pollard in making important contributions to a significant train of thought on religion and quantum indeterminacy that has led to further ideas about religion and chaos theory.
He is one-fourth of underground hip hop group the Fat Killahz (with Fatt Father, Marv Won and Bang Belushi), one-half of rap duo Last American Rock Stars (with Bizarre of D12) and Even Heathens with ILLtemper.
After recovering from being shot five times during an alleged robbery in Detroit, King Gordy came back with Herojuana, a collaborative six-track EP with his Fat Killahz bandmate Bang Belushi, released in 2016.
2016: Herojuana (with Bang Belushi)
Telescopes cannot see events earlier than about 380,000 years after the Big Bang, when the universe became transparent (the cosmic microwave background); this corresponds to the particle horizon at a distance of about 46 billion (4.6×10) light years.
•	“The Society without qualities” with Sören Andreasen, Ane Hjort Guttu, Sture Johannesson, Sharon Lockhardt, and Palle Nielsen (part of “The new model” and curated by Lars Bang Larsen)
In 1998, Gabriele was enticed back into professional wrestling, reprising his 1980s television show Powerslam as Powerslam2000, and recruiting Big Bang Comics co-creator Chris Ecker as an announcer.
Tove Bang as Isabelle
His book Spooky Action at a Distance: The Phenomenon That Reimagines Space and Time--and What It Means for Black Holes, the Big Bang, and Theories of Everything was published in 2015.
Lisa Imai (今井 リサ), a character from BanG Dream!
Rekrut 67, Petersen is a 1952 Danish family film directed by Poul Bang.
Ved kongelunden... is a 1953 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
According to JTBC, the group already recorded two title tracks, one written by Bang Si-hyuk and one by Park Jin-young.
On the CBS-TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory, the four main male characters are shown to be Trekkies, playing the game of "Klingon Boggle" and resolving disputes using the game of "rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock".
I kongens klæ'r is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
Færgekroen is a 1956 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
Tag til marked i Fjordby is a 1957 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer.
This is one of several films where Japanese manga artist Ippongi Bang plays a role.
They bang on pipes and cause a lot of noise and ultimately fail to find anything.
Leif Georg Ferdinand Bang (11 October 1881 - ?
Støv på hjernen is a 1961 Danish film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner.
Det støver stadig is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner.
In 1996, De Brouwer founded Starlab together with MIT Media Lab founder Nicholas Negroponte and coordinated its research activities under the acronym BANG (Bits, Atoms, Neurons and Genes), a system later adopted by MIT in 2002.
In 2015, he was the bandleader on the IFC series Comedy Bang!
Cudi took over the mic duties for Reggie Watts, on IFC's television series, Comedy Bang!
The December 10 Christmas edition of Comedy Bang!
Bands of insurgents attacked Tây Ninh and Tran Bang, and in one particularly galling incident the French lost one of their small warships.
The main religious and philosophical themes include determinism, mind as a machine, anthropic principle, and the big bang theory.
Billboard wrote: "Each side starts out with a bang in "Contenders" and "Red", ultrafunky dance numbers that are catchy and original.
Subsequent experiments arrived at a 2.7 kelvins temperature, corresponding to an age of the universe of 13.8 billion years after the Big Bang.
This dramatic result has raised issues: what happened between the singularity of the Big Bang and the Planck time, which, after all, is the smallest observable time.
When might have time separated out from the spacetime foam; there are only hints based on broken symmetries (see Spontaneous symmetry breaking, Timeline of the Big Bang, and the articles in :Category:Physical cosmology).
General relativity gave us our modern notion of the expanding universe that started in the Big Bang.
In contrast to the views of Newton, of Einstein, and of quantum physics, which offer a symmetric view of time (as discussed above), Prigogine points out that statistical and thermodynamic physics can explain irreversible phenomena, as well as the arrow of time and the Big Bang.
In 1989, Iain Williams from the English electronic duo Big Bang coined the musical term big beat to describe the band's musical style.
Williams explained the concept during an interview with the journalist Alex Gerry in an article published in the London magazine Metropolitan (issue 132, page 9, 6 June 1989) under the heading, Big Bang in Clubland – Could Big Beat be the 1989 answer to Acid House?
The single was produced by Big Bang and Steev Toth.
Fu Xinbo's fanclub is known as BBT, standing for Bong Bang Tang, another term for lollipop.
According to generally accepted cosmology theory, only isotopes of hydrogen and helium, traces of some isotopes of lithium and beryllium, and perhaps some boron, were created at the Big Bang, while all other nuclides were synthesized later, in stars and supernovae, and in interactions between energetic particles such as cosmic rays, and previously produced nuclides.
4He can fuse with tritium (3H) or with 3He; these processes occurred during Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Measurements of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) suggest the universe began in a hot Big Bang, from which general relativity explains its evolution and the subsequent large-scale motion.
Such expansion is an essential feature of most current models of the Big Bang.
Such uncertainties leave open the possibility of gravity eventually prevailing and lead to a universe that contracts in on itself in a "Big Crunch", or that there may even be a dark energy cycle, which implies a cyclic model of the universe in which every iteration (Big Bang then eventually a Big Crunch) takes about a trillion (1012) years.
In the English anime adaptation by Nelvana of the series, Cardcaptors, she is known as Sakura Avalon, though her surname was changed back in the second film's dub by Bang Zoom!
Leonard Leakey Hofstadter, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, in which he is portrayed by actor Johnny Galecki.
The adult Sheldon is a senior theoretical physicist at The California Institute of Technology (Caltech), and for the first ten seasons of The Big Bang Theory shares an apartment with his colleague and best friend, Leonard Hofstadter (Johnny Galecki); they are also friends and coworkers with Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) and Raj Koothrappali (Kunal Nayyar).
It is also revealed in Young Sheldon that he is proficient in Spanish, although that particular proficiency has apparently decreased by the time of The Big Bang Theory.
In the pilot episode of The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon tells Leonard that DNA is not a guarantee of an intelligent offspring as he himself is a theoretical physicist and his twin sister is a hostess at Fuddruckers.
In the Young Sheldon episode "Vanilla Ice Cream, Gentleman Callers, and a Dinette Set", it is revealed that Sheldon has children in the future, but this is never referenced or confirmed in The Big Bang Theory.
In The Big Bang Theory, Sheldon did express an interest in having children with Amy, albeit an unfeasibly large number in order to serve as subjects for social or behavioural experiments.
James Chamberlin of IGN wrote: "It's hard to imagine what The Big Bang Theory would be if it weren't for Jim Parsons' great portrayal of Sheldon Cooper".
 Mor skal giftes (1958) – Ove Bang
is a fictional character on the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by actor Simon Helberg.
Along with Sheldon Cooper, Leonard Hofstadter, and Raj Koothrappali, Howard is one of the only characters to appear in every episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Rajesh "Raj" Ramayan Koothrappali, Ph.D.  is a fictional character on the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by English-born Indian actor Kunal Nayyar.
Poul Bang (17 February 1905 – 6 July 1967) was a Danish film producer and director.
He was the son of Camillo Cavour Bang (1861–1949) and Augusta Pouline Boas (1868–1919).
Bang was trained as an engineer and started working as a sound engineer at Fotorama in 1932.
On 21 June 1930 Bang married Ebba Charlotte Valeur (1907-65), with whom he had four children: Lise, Mette, Niels, and Anne.
The channel was originally launched as Channel 4 Bang Khum Phron (ช่อง 4 บางขุนพรหม) with test transmissions beginning on 6 September 1954 and beginning formal broadcasts on 24 June 1955.
They include Lee Wei Song, Lee Shih Shiong, Jim Lim, Kenn C., Wu JiaMing, Ruth Ling, both Peng ChiSheng and Aaron Lim of Intune Music School, Radio DJ Luo Bang Qiang and many of her vocal students too.
Bang Dae-Jong (; born 28 January 1985) is a South Korean football defender.
On 4 January 2011, Bang transferred to Chunnam Dragons.
Two decades later, Bonjour India came back with a bang in 2009, and by 2013 it grew into more and more collaborations.
The Guy with the Secret Kung Fu (Cai yang nu bang zhu) is a 1981 Hong Kong martial art film.
Observational evidence of the early universe and the Big Bang theory require that this matter have energy and mass, but not be composed of ordinary baryons (protons and neutrons).
His credits include Desert Bus, Two and a Half Men, Dharma & Greg, The Fresh Prince of Bel Air, The Big Bang Theory, Saturday Night Live, SCTV Network 90, and Late Night with David Letterman.
He starred as Norman Green in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010).
These findings confirmed to the Big Bang as a model for the formation of the Universe than the other models.
Absent any other source of heat, the temperature of the Universe is roughly 2.725 kelvins, due to the Cosmic microwave background radiation, a remnant of the Big Bang.
 The Nam Theun II Project in Laos from the Nam Theun River to the Xe Bang Fai River, both tributaries of the Mekong River, completed in 2008.
 Hjerter er trumf (1976) - Lone Bang
Finally, the climax of the piece depicts the triumphant of the victor Liu Bang.
It was commissioned by Spanish label, Bang!
 Immolation & Amelioration 1995–2005 (7 August 2006)  – Bang!
Influential group member Nyashinski  made a  come back with a bang in 2016 and his song 'Malaika' scooped a Mdundo Award for Most Dowloaded Male Single in 2017
Moster fra Mols is a 1943 Danish family film directed by Poul Bang and starring Rasmus Christiansen.
On 16 July 2014, it was announced that House vs. Hurricane would be reuniting for a show at the BANG!
1983 – Karin Bang, Terje Johanssen
Her father Joakim Sveder Bang, a surgeon, served as an inspiration for her.
The only woman at Hegra, Bang became known nationally as a resistance heroine and was given the nickname Lotten fra Hegra.
On her way back to the fortress Bang had to pass through German road blocks and for the last bit wade through deep snow.
During the 25-day Battle of Hegra Fortress Anne Margrethe Bang tended the sick and wounded for 20 hours a day if there were no German attacks going on; during attacks she would work non-stop.
After Hegra Fortress surrendered on 5 May 1940 Bang was held as a prisoner of war by the Germans, although she was treated much better than her fellow male soldiers who were set to do forced labour.
After the end of the 1940 Campaign she continued her fight against the occupiers through participation in the Norwegian resistance movement In the autumn of 1940 Bang was brought in for interrogation by the Gestapo.
Continuing her activities in the Norwegian resistance Bang eventually had to flee Trøndelag to avoid arrest, being warned in advance by a local Nazi.
Texas's first scene was with Jack Venice in Shane's World's College Amateur Tour in Texas, filmed in October 2006, followed by several scenes for Bang Bros in Florida.
These events were filmed for the documentary Bang the Machine.
 1981  	Big Bang and Blue Days.
The Bang Khen District chief claimed he knew nothing about the removal.
She portrayed herself in the 18th episode "The Laureate Accumulation" of the 12th season of the TV series The Big Bang Theory.
In late 2006, Wynn, McNeal, Livingston and Wilder all convened at Wilderstyle Studio in California, to record what would become Songs that Bang, the first full-length album as The Panderers.
Songs that Bang - Self-released in 2007
 Chiddy Bang – "Ray Charles" (2012)
Felker started the 1986 season with a bang.
 Beverly Hills, 90210: "Things That Go Bang in the Night" (1994)
Rust appears as a frequent guest on the Comedy Bang!
He has written for IFC's Comedy Bang!
This edition of the tournament started with a bang.
In Chapter 13 of Apollo Expeditions to the Moon (1975), Jim Lovell recalls the event: "Jack Swigert saw a warning light that accompanied the bang, and said, 'Houston, we've had a problem here.'
In 1997 she was awarded the Nordic Council's Literature Prize for the novel Bang.
En roman om Herman Bang.
En roman om Herman Bang
Busta Rhymes – The Big Bang
During the drive home, a van crashes into Moira's car, and several people bang on the windows chanting Justine's name.
Thinking About the Next Big Bang in the Galaxy at the Edge of Town (Main Street Rag, 2015)
2007 To Mars from Babylon Big Bang Radio   Producer, Engineer, Mixing
"23 Skinner (Have a Bang on This Number)" 12" (1991) Blast First
The partners started out with a bang by writing "Jim Dandy Got Married" for LaVern Baker on the Atlantic label and "All I Could Do Was Cry" for Etta James on Argo, a Chess subsidiary label.
Warner Bros. Television's The Big Bang Theory used a restaurant of The Cheesecake Factory as a setting without any formal arrangement with the chain.
It is her first studio album since 2005's Nylon and includes the bonus tracks "To Parelthon Mou" from the soundtrack of the film Bank Bang and a Greek-language cover of Dan Wilson's song "Breathless" titled "Kontra".
An example attached to a sidecar appears in the film, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang.
 Breakfast (Chiddy Bang album), or the title song, 2012
Remember is the second Korean album by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment on November 5, 2008.
During the 2008 KBS Music Festival, Big Bang performed the hit together with Lee Moon Sae.
The game was also nominated in two other categories, "Best PC Game" and Yan Volsy for "Best Soundtrack", losing to TrackMania United Forever and Yubaba, Smith, and Fortune's score for Big Bang Mini, respectively.
This stellar explosion occurred around 825 million years after the Big Bang.
Due to the small magnitude of the constant, then special relativity with the Poincaré group is more than accurate enough for all practical purposes, although near the Big Bang and inflation de Sitter relativity may be more useful due to the cosmological constant being larger back then.
In the TV show The Big Bang Theory Emily Sweeney is revealed as a Phi Beta Kappa member.
In the UK, "Menage A Trois" reached Number 1 for 3 weeks on UK's Bang Radio 103.6 FM.
In episode 21 of season six of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory entitled "The Closure Alternative", the unresolved cliffhanger ending of Alphas causes character Sheldon Cooper distress about not having 'closure', as a lead-in to one of that show's plot lines.
Similar to theistic realism and the stance of modernist Islamic scholars, Ahmadis adopt a scientific cosmological approach to explaining the formation of universe initiated from the Big Bang.
Administratively Ko Phai belongs to the Amphoe Bang Lamung, Chonburi Province.
String Solo on "Shock-It-To-Me": Billy Bang
 Ho San as General Bang Oh-rang
They were incarcerated at Bang Kwang Central Prison.
2008 - Big bang Prodi – short – 
The Form's torch-cut center plate is an abstraction of the figurative self as plateau or stair––standing on its plane shifts a single dimension of perception by 1 and 1/2 inches thus acutely honing the senses to their most subtle realms––a quiet big bang, a floating grounded void, an intimate invitation to the unseen.
Dead Bang (1989) - Reverend Gebhardt
The Grey Lady and the Strawberry Snatcher is a children's picture book by Molly Bang.
Instead it was an entirely different gas operated, blow-forward design borrowed from the semi-automatic Bang rifle of 1903.
This Bang system was first transposed in 1905 to the French Puteaux APX Machine Gun which soon proved to be unsatisfactory.
A first attempt by a French government arsenal near Paris (APX) was the Puteaux M1905 machine gun inspired by the first gas actuated blow forward Bang rifle system of 1903.
In 1876, Bang returned to journalism and founded Railway Age in Chicago.
 Big Bang (1986) (TV)
 Free to View Channel of the Year – Bang Babes
On August 26, the group also performed with Hamasaki Ayumi, M-Flo, and Big Bang at Ajinomoto Stadium.
Tipton and Samantha Potter appeared as guest stars on an episode of the television series The Big Bang Theory in 2008 and by themself in a different role in 2015.
A third EP, The Joy of Six, was issued on the same day as Bang!
 Itaka Smithering (2nd place) for Pheromone Drug - Ecstasy With a Big Bang (脳内麻薬 ～爆音中出しアクメ～ 持田茜) [D1-207] with Akane Mochida
The trio then chooses a black square at random and prepare to restart the human universe with the Big Bang, making sure that everything is as it was the first time.
He thinks about what to say before starting the job of starting the Big Bang.
 Bang Eun-jin as Seong Eun-gyo
Iowa opened the play up with a bang and set an Orange Bowl record when C.J.
Three weeks later the Chinese attacked the Đồng Đăng garrison, precipitating a series of events that led to the French defeat at the Battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885).
The film is also known as Bang You're Dead.
Ryan Bang (2010–2020)
 Mr. Bang (parody of Mr. Bean)
A modification of this idea allows  to change with time, so that inflation may come from the cosmological constant being larger near the Big Bang than nowadays.
Claes Bang (born 1967), actor and musician 
Steve would then sit down at one of the big, hulking green typewriters in the newspaper office and bang out his copy, letter-perfect with no cross-outs, no corrections, no crumpled-up pieces of paper, and meet his deadline with moments to spare.
 Somebody Go and Bang a Drum (1974)
One of the most visible of Thaksin's administrative reforms was the restructuring of government department and ministries, labeled the "big bang."
In the history of the universe, electroweak symmetry breaking is believed to have happened at about  after the Big Bang, when the universe was at a temperature .
Some theories suggest that a fundamental scalar field might be responsible for this phenomenon; the Higgs field is such a field, and its existence has led to papers analysing whether it could also be the inflaton responsible for this exponential expansion of the universe during the Big Bang.
More speculatively, the Higgs field has also been proposed as the energy of the vacuum, which at the extreme energies of the first moments of the Big Bang caused the universe to be a kind of featureless symmetry of undifferentiated, extremely high energy.
He is known as Ming on the podcast Comedy Bang!
 1990: Jørgen Boberg, Helle Thorborg, Thomas Bang
Race two began with a bang – a first corner incident taking out Pizzonia, Doornbos and Rocha at Curva Cimini, causing a long safety car period.
for a DVD and Blu-ray Disc release, with Bang Zoom!
Composed by Giannis Kifonidis, with lyrics by Giorgos Mitsigkas, "To Parelthon Mou" is the theme song to a Greek film Bank Bang which was released in December.
Following on this success, Baek went on to appear in several more high-profile films, including a memorable role in Choi Dong-hoon's caper film The Big Swindle and a showstopping performance as intelligence chief Kim Jae-gyu in Im Sang-soo's controversial drama The President's Last Bang.
He currently plays drums in the instrumental/space rock project The Rococo Bang with his brother-in-law.
In December 1997, PC bang chains opened the first national online gaming league, known as the "Korea Pro Gamers League".
Released on July 29, once again the critical response was overwhelmingly positive with Louder Than The Music heralding it as "modern, dance inspired, cool and fresh" and awarding it 5/5, and OneManInTheMiddle saying "this is a release that is bang up to date for the EDM crowd.
Arkansas began the season with a bang as Dennis Johnson returned the opening kickoff 91 yards for a touchdown.
Separately, work from Cornell physics laboratories has been used to test a theory of cosmic strings, hypothetical objects, which may have been important in the formation of galaxies, and may have arisen through  "phase transitions" in a fraction of a second after the Big Bang.
BSM recruited about 400 students to stand in line and bang their trays on the counters.
 Herman Bang (1857 in Asserballe – 1912) an author, of the Modern Breakthrough
The song is played on a theremin by Sheldon Cooper in the TV show The Big Bang Theory.
Greenfield is the founder of Bang, a New York-based music production company.
Four years later, in 1989, Greenfield started Bang Music, sharing studio and office space with Caliope Productions in Midtown Manhattan.
 1987 The Big Bang - as production administrator.
 "(You & Me) As Thick as Thieves", a song by Bang!
 Big Bang ~JAM Project BEST COLLECTION V~
In an interview with the Miami Herald Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo stated that their 11 November appearance at the Bang Music Festival was their final for 2006 and that Daft Punk would conduct more performances in the future.
The neighbor later told police that shortly after Moore had re-entered the house, she had heard her arguing with Bonie, and that after a loud bang the argument had ended.
The protagonist, Faryn Liu Falun, gets help from the Monkey King and his weapon, the Ruyi Jingu Bang, to battle the Heaven who have turned against humanity.
Dota 2 also has an item called the Monkey King Bar which is based on Sun Wukong's weapon, Ruyi Jingu Bang.
This represent Sun Wukong circlet and Ruyi Jingu Bang.
Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig is a romantic drama produced by VIVA Films in 1997.
Monica frequently appears on HGTV's Bang for Your Buck to critique designs made for home renovations.
Kelley thus maintains that, since the Big Bang especially, the universe has evolved from a highly chaotic state to one that is now highly ordered with many stable phenomena, naturally selected.
The band was formed in London in 1983 by Andrew Innes, who had previously played guitar for Alan McGee's band The Laughing Apple, and also contributed to McGee's later band, Biff Bang Pow!.
public house along the road, which was demolished in 2003, featured in the 1954 film, Bang!
It begins with a literal bang as Bruno Le Roux (played by the writer-director) breaks out of the prison in which he’s served 15 years of a life sentence for his membership in an armed wing of a left-wing revolutionary movement, the Popular Army.
Best 3-Pointer:  Bang Sung-Yoon
The feminist magazine Bang is named after her.
Bang was Swedish feminist culture and society magazine which was subtitled Feministisk Kulturtidskrift.
The Baháʼís were planning to construct new spiritual centers in Savannkhet's Dong Bang Village and in Lat Khouay Village near Vientiane.
One use of the Jewish mother stereotype-trope can be seen in the popular television program The Big Bang Theory, which premiered in 2007, and it was played by the character of Howard Wolowitz's mother who is only heard as a voice character.
He then returned to the big screen with Bang the Drum Slowly (1973), in which he played the lead role as Bruce Pearson, a Major League Baseball player with Hodgkin disease.
Pauline Kael of The New York Times was equally impressed by De Niro, writing he is "a bravura actor, and those who have registered him only as the grinning, tobacco-chewing dolt of that hunk of inept whimsey Bang the Drum Slowly will be unprepared for his volatile performance.
Among others, in a cover by Beat Goes Bang in the 1991 film Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead; as the opener in a 1999 Canadian film New Waterford Girl; in a cover by R.E.M.
He is the head of the Shanghai Mafia Qing Bang (Green Gang in Chinese) and runs an opium den.
The Big Bang Theory features a tissue box that looks like a Rubik's Cube.
 T. Rex - Bang a Gong (Get It On) (1972)
Absolute Radiometer for Cosmology, Astrophysics, and Diffuse Emission (ARCADE) is a program which utilizes high-altitude balloon instrument package intended to measure the heating of the universe by the first stars and galaxies after the big bang and search for the signal of relic decay or annihilation.
 Varmer opp for Big Bang Østlandsposten
"Strong Baby" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
In order to shed the "youngest member" image from Big Bang, he promoted the single with a more mature look complete with a stylized dance.
 Installation Bang for Lasvit, Milan, 2011
Their second was Remnants From The Big Bang (2006) released on Reverberation and featuring cover art by Peter Bagge.
 Remnants From The Big Bang - Reverberation (September 2006)
Paradoxically, James punctures the fantasy with an assortment of arms creating dissonance — a pluralistic paradox reminiscent of the chaotic Big Bang.
It was founded by Liu Bang (known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu of Han).
They were joined by Liu Bang, a man of peasant origin and supervisor of convicts in Pei County.
Liu Bang gained Ziying's submission and secured the Qin capital of Xianyang; persuaded by his chief advisor Zhang Liang (d. 189 BCE) not to let his soldiers loot the city, he instead sealed up its treasury.
At the Feast at Hong Gate, Xiang Yu considered having Liu Bang assassinated, but Liu, realizing that Xiang was considering killing him, escaped during the middle of the feast.
In the summer of 206 BCE, Liu Bang heard of Emperor Yi's fate and decided to rally some of the new kingdoms to oppose Xiang Yu, leading to a four-year war known as the Chu–Han Contention.
Liu barely escaped another defeat at Xingyang, but Xiang was unable to pursue him because Liu Bang induced Ying Bu, the King of Huainan, to rebel against Xiang.
The album was first released on Dragoon, the label owned by the band (and distributed by the indie label Bang!)
28 September – Elisabeth Bang, actress (b.
Other options include the exterior mirrors with exposed carbon housings and the all-LED headlights, head-up display, a comfort package, the dynamic package, the dynamic package plus, Bluetooth online car phone, Bang & Olufsen Advanced Sound System.
The two senators did concede that the stimulus has had a positive effect on the economy, though they criticized it for failing to give "the biggest bang for our buck" on the issue of job creation.
These projections are based on information about 15 billion past years since the Big Bang, but the habitable future is much longer, spanning trillions of eons.
It was founded by Cæsar Bang in 1905 as Greaker Cellulosefabrik.
In 1868 he co-founded the newspaper Dagbladet, together with Danish-born author and literary figure, Anthon Bang (1809–1870).
With production from Sound Of Strike and Bang Si-hyuk, his first mini album was released.
 Michael Moriarty, Emmy Award-winning actor known for films like Pale Rider and Bang the Drum Slowly and as Exec.
Daniel Chard (born 1 June 1980) was a bang average English cricketer.
In the same line of reasoning, the continuum driving may also contribute to an upper mass limit even for the first generation of stars right after the Big Bang, which did not contain any metals at all.
In December 2016, while filming Ghostland, Taylor Hickson was told by director Laugier to bang her fists against a glass window and that it was safe to do so.
<blockquote>Cosmogenesis started with the beginning of our existence, the big bang theory if you want to say so, and deals with different layers and synonyms on a philosophical basis.
Bryce is a frequent collaborator with many of the most creative and renowned musicians working today, such as Philip Glass, Bang on a Can All-Stars, and Glenn Kotche.
O Shut Your Eyes Against the Wind commissioned by the People's Commissioning Fund and Bang on a Can for the Ecstatic Music Festival, 2010.
2006 : "Back To Tears" / "Violent Thoughts" (The Big Bang, Compilation USA) – Singles
The test runs were extended to Bang Sue Grand Station from late November 2020.
Initially, the SRT Dark Red Line will run from the new Bang Sue Grand Station north for 26 km via Don Mueang and terminate at Rangsit in Pathum Thani Province.
From Bang Sue Grand Station the line will be extended 11 km south via Phaya Thai to terminate at Hua Lamphong station.
The first Phase from Bang Sue to Rangsit was approved in 2010 but delayed due to a complicated 2.5 year contractual dispute.
In June 2014, the SRT requested an additional 8.14 billion baht to modify the Dark Red line to 4 tracks instead of 3, to accordingly redesign all stations and to provide for the longer platforms for the Bang Sue Grand Station to cater for future HSR lines.
The 8.14 billion baht requested composed of 4.32 billion baht for Contract 1 (modifications to Bang Sue Grand Station to cater for High Speed trains); 3.35 billion Baht for Contract 2 (4th track and stations redesign) and an extra 473 million baht for rolling stock (Contract 3).
In June 2014, the SRT requested an additional 8.14 billion baht to modify the Dark Red line to 4 tracks instead of 3, to accordingly redesign all stations and to provide for the longer platforms for the Bang Sue Terminal to cater for future HSR lines.
8.140 billion baht request is; 4.32 billion baht for Contract 1 (modifications to Bang Sue Grand Station to cater for High Speed trains); 3.35 billion Baht for Contract 2 (4th track and stations redesign) and 473 million baht for Contract 3.
The new Bang Sue Grand Station was originally scheduled to open by end of 2016 but the above-mentioned redesign work and other delays have resulted in an expected 2020 opening date.
In July 2016, the Thai Cabinet approved the first section of the southern extension from Bang Sue to Hua Lamphong.
Phase III Bang Sue-Hua Lamphong 
A third option is expected to be in use, which is to bypass Samut Songkhram city By diverging from the original train line about 66 km after passing Bang Kraboon Railway Station, which will be an elevated railway along the National Highway No.
After a much delayed completion of electrification of the line and the construction of Bang Sue Grand Station, the line finally opened for trial operations on 2 August 2021.
Bang Sue Grand Station Intercity Terminal provides interchange with the SRT Dark Red Line and MRT Blue Line.
Contracts for construction of the line from Taling Chan to Bang Sue were awarded by the SRT on 29 September 2009.
The line opened for free limited trial service on 5 December 2012 between Taling Chan Station and Bang Son Station.
In August 2012, the SRT proposed that 3 stations be built for this 6.5 km route: 1) Talingchan Floating Market station at Bang Ramad,
Phase IV Bang Sue–Hua Mak 
This section will be progressed once Bang Sue Central Station is fully open.
Two additional infill stations on either side of the Chao Praya river have been approved to be built, at Rama 6 bridge and Bang Kruay (EGAT).
The Quintom scenario was applied in 2008 to produce a model of inflationary cosmology with a Big Bounce instead of a Big Bang singularity.
The station is located on Sukhumvit Road at Soi Udom Suk (Sukhumvit Soi 103), to the north of Bang Na intersection.
 Elisabeth Bang - Margrethe, sosialsekretær
Danish goods including Lego and Bang & Olufsen were boycotted in Syria.
 English (Lionsgate/ Bang Zoom!
The last album of the original lineup was Iron Blessings that was released with a big bang in October 2004 - that very release show has been turned into a live CD and DVD under the title Live Blessings (released 2006).
Prior to recording, Yang Hyun-suk, CEO and founder of YG Entertainment, contacted Lee Moon-se to request permission for Big Bang to cover the song, whose original single was released in 1988.
Big Bang (South Korean band) songs
Variety remarked that the film is "bold", despite rehashing some cinematic qualities and sound design, concluding that the film "the most bang for limited bucks, with an eye-popping finale".
Bunnag married to Nuan, a daughter of wealthy Mon family from Bang Chan, situated near the mouth of Maeklong River.
"Upriver" (Billy Bang, Laswell, Beinhorn, Maher) – 5:25
Billy Bang – violin ("Upriver", "Unauthorized")
Billboard stated that "Lies" placed Big Bang "down the path into the realm of avant-garde experimentalism that they’ve become known for over the past few years" and called one of South Korea's "most memorable songs."
For the World is the first Japan extended play by Korean hip hop group Big Bang.
With U is the second Japanese mini-album by Big Bang, released on May 28, 2008.
After experiencing breakthrough success in their home country with the song "Lies" and "Last Farewell", Big Bang expanded their endeavors to Japan, hoping to produce similar results.
He also participated in the television series Comedy Bang!
The Big Bang Theory – Renewed for two additional seasons in March 2009, running through its fourth season in 2010/11.
2008 started with a bang in a 52-0 defeat of Indiana State.
The first single was The Bismarck in December, released on tastemaker label Bang Gang 12 Inches, and then Serio in February 2009, featuring a video directed by video director Dave Ma.
Then and Now (Double-Time, 1999)With David LeonhardtReflections (Big Bang, 1994)With Deborah LippmanNightingale (NJ, 2005)With Jan LundgrenNew York Calling (Alfa Jazz, 1995)With Brian LynchBack Room Blues (Criss Cross, 1990)
MOK is well known for his controversies with other German rappers, including Bushido, Kool Savas, and Farid Bang.
In 1954 Constantin Rozanoff published his autobiographical- Double Bang - Ma Vie de Pilote d'Essai.
The Han State, headed by Liu Bang, (comprising present-day Sichuan province, Chongqing, and Southern Shaanxi) unified the kingdoms to form the Han Dynasty.
The album is also the fourth-highest charting album in Psychopathic Records history, beaten only by Insane Clown Posse's The Amazing Jeckel Brothers, Bang!
is the third-highest charting album in Psychopathic Records history, after Insane Clown Posse's The Amazing Jeckel Brothers and Bang!
2010: The Big Bang (An album of remixes of The Spirit of Apollo)
He has penned screenplays for the films Rolling Thunder, The Boys from Brazil, Fort Apache, The Bronx, Streets of Gold, Cocktail and directed the films One Good Cop, Trial by Jury, Mistrial and Double Bang.
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
3: BIG, which features include major artists like Bun B, Chip tha Ripper, Curren$y, Tyga, Drake, Mike Posner, Chuck Inglish, Asher Roth, Dom Kennedy and Chiddy Bang.
The album featured guest appearances from Lupe Fiasco, John Legend, Pharrell, Kanye West, Roscoe Dash, Wiz Khalifa, Chiddy Bang, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj, Pusha T, and included production from No I.D., The Legendary Traxster, Andrew "Pop" Wansel, Xaphoon Jones and The Neptunes.
It was released in August 1995 as the fourth single from the album Out with a Bang.
 Birds and eggs, By Dixie Anderson, Molly Bang, Vee Browne, etal.,(publisher unknown), 2001
By 2000, Tim was writing jingles for Bang Music, engineering, producing, licensing, teaching Logic Pro software privately, and demonstrating for software and digital audio hardware manufacturers at trade shows.
The wheels of this device rotated a set of gears which in turn forced mechanical figures to bang gongs and drums that alerted the travelers of the distance traveled (measured in li).
The Hurricane Jar project was the second artist release form the independent label Bang On Records.
 Elisabeth Bang - Jacob's Sister
Of his role, a spokesperson commented "Paul's role will really start off with a bang, and then a few twists."
Lydia was introduced through Shaun Evaristo, who choreographs for Big Bang and 2NE1.
In Super Street Fighter IV, a second Ultra Combo named "Big Bang Typhoon" was added, consisting of Rufus spinning his body with arms outward in a tornado-inspired fashion.
 The MatchMaker (1997) .... Head Bang Man
(he does this as he pretends to bang the floor).
It is said that Kaikaus issued coins for the first time from the Kharaj of Bang.
Why We Bang is a 2006 independent documentary film that documents the historical background of LA's Bloods and Crips gangs.
Why We Bang starts by depicting a short history of African-American organizations and communities during the 60's and 70's such as the Black Panthers.
 Clip of Why We Bang on YouTube
Other options include Carbon Fibre wing mirrors, Extended Interior Carbon Fibre package (additional carbon-fiber trim on seat backrest and side, as well as door sill panels), AMG Carbon-Ceramic High-Performance braking system, AMG Performance Media and Bang & Olufsen BeoSound AMG surround sound system.
Sheldon Cooper, a character in The Big Bang Theory is a paranoid survivalist, he keeps at least two survival kits in his bedroom and has planned emergency escape routes from each room in the house.
The steel structure was 51 metres (167 feet) tall (doubling the size of the stadium set for The Rolling Stones' A Bigger Bang Tour, the previous record holder), was able to hold up to 200 tonnes underneath it, and required 120 trucks to transport each of the three sets constructed to support the tour.
They wrote the song "If I Didn't Have You (Bernadette's Song)" for "The Romance Resonance", an episode of the television sitcom The Big Bang Theory, in which it was performed by Simon Helberg.
In the pre-season, Incheon sold its franchise star striker Bang Seung-Hwan to Jeju United.
In television, she appeared as Lakshmi, a prospective bride for Raj Koothrappali in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Transporter Malfunction".
 Bad Bitches Bang Pink, a mixtape by rapper Jacki-O
Georgiy Gamov  proposed the theory of the alpha decay of a nucleus via tunnelling (1928) and was an author of the Big Bang theory.
BANG!, 1997, DJ`S PRESENT
Launched in 1997, the studio continues to specialize in swinger and gang bang oriented gonzo pornography and niche product centered on such popular fetishes as interracial pornography, transsexual pornography, and MILF pornography.
 S-34 Cosme García (1972–1980)(ex-USS385 Bang 1943-1972)
Before the advent of wireless communications, the espantoon was reportedly used by Baltimore policemen to call for assistance where its user would bang it on the curb or a drainpipe.
In 2005, after 25 years Energie is back to the charts, the only case of the kind, reprinted by Wea and including three bonus tracks: Un'estate al mare, Bing bang being and Adeste fideles.
On January 31, 2020, Big Hit Entertainment revealed that the group will release a new single on February 7 with Bang Si-hyuk and Wonderkid as producers.
It flows southward and  joins the Phra Prong River to become the Bang Pakong River in Kabin Buri district, Prachinburi Province.
Penny Hofstadter  is a fictional character from the American CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, portrayed by actress Kaley Cuoco.
In the original, unaired pilot of The Big Bang Theory, the conception of the female lead was very different.
24 February – Parelius Hjalmar Bang Berntsen, politician (died 1995).
Anton Christian Bang, politician (born 1840)
Fujin Rizing!, a fictional ska band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Karin Bang, poet and novelist, is awarded the Gyldendal's Endowment literature prize.
 Du Gaeui Bang (Room for Two) (1995) (director, writer)
Southern Star is a CM theme song for Orion Beer, BIG BANG is theme song for Mainichi Housou TV's broadcast of the Koushien Bowl theme song and Mellow Parade is a movie theme for the movie called Bra bra Ban ban which featured Beni herself.
After that, flows through Bang Li Market at Song Phi Nong District, Suphanburi to mouth of Khlong Song Phi Nong and finally converge with the Tha Chin River.
Khlong Bang Len (, ) is a watercourse in Nakhon Pathom Province, Thailand.
The watercourse is referred to by a lot of local names including Khlong Duea (), Khlong Yai (), Khlong Wang Pong (), Khlong Phikun (), Khlong Lam Prada (), Khlong Daeng (), Khlong Thap Khlo (), Khlong Bang Phai (), Khlong Thai Thung () and Khlong San Thao.
Bang!, in which she plays the show's teenage intern Marissa Wompler.
She has appeared in several shows for the Brigade, including Death and/or Despair, Listen Kid, Gang Bang and The Improvised Mystery.
The 1990s began with a bang for the Tide as Alabama was crowned the 1990 SEC Champions.
She has since appeared in episodes of Hot in Cleveland, Cold Case, CSI: NY, The Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men, Rules of Engagement, How I Met Your Mother, Joey, iCarly, The Loop, Mr. Sunshine, and many others.
 Anne K. Bang, Sufis and Scholars of the Sea: Family Networks in East Africa, 1860-1925, Routledge, 2003, 
Bagrichthys obscurus is a species of bagrid catfish which is found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam where it is found in the Chao Phraya, Bang Pakong and Mekong drainages.
 Other's Room (타인의 방 - Ta-in-ui bang, 1979)
 Sufis and Scholars of the Sea: Family Networks in East Africa, 1860-1925, Anne K. Bang, Routledge, 2003, 
Next the female survivors, Yasmien Kurdi and Jennylyn Mercado singing together with Lani Misalucha sang Mananatili Kang Mahal, Jaya sang Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig, and Regine Velasquez sang Dadalhin.
Karin Bang (3 December 1928 – 20 August 2017) was a Norwegian poet, novelist, children's writer and crime fiction writer.
Bang is a passionate collector of ancient dolls, and she edited the anthology Har dukkene sjel?
Bang has received several literary prizes, including the Riksmål Society Literature Prize in 1966, the Aschehoug Prize in 1976, and the Gyldendal's Endowment in 1983 (shared with Terje Johanssen).
He was married twice, first to Ruth Bülov from 1941 to 1945, and second to writer Karin Bang, whom he married in 1952.
L'evoluzione dell'intelligenza umana dal big bang al terzo millennio.
Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig (1997)
 (Book 3) Bang Goes a Troll (2009)
Shoshanna Flax of The Horn Book Magazine commented on Bang Goes a Troll, "Pen-and-ink drawings effectively combine the humorous with the sinister."
He created the hats for three major tours starting in 2005: Kylie Minogue's Showgirl, Mick Jagger's A Bigger Bang and Marilyn Manson's Against All Gods.
In need of workers to boss around, Chu Kang hires Bang, who is all brawn and no brain.
Using lunar occultation, it provided independent evidence for the Big Bang model.
"'Ik ben niet bang en van censuur is geen sprake': Rector magnificus Gispen over zijn ingrijpen bij afscheidsrede."
He was born in Tveit as a son of physician Oddleiv Magne Hølaas (1869–1915) and Aasta Bang (1867–1953).
It is during the workshop in the district New Bell that the Kapsiki circle (Hervé Youmbi, Hervé Yamguen, Blaise Bang, Salifou Lindou, Jules Wokam) and the collective Skurk (J-C Lanquetin, François Duconseille) invited other artists from Cameroon, France, Democratic Republic of the Congo and Lebanon, to share with the district’s population details of their lives.
He was then picked up by Sören Bang to play lead at the 1987 European Curling Championships, placing fourth.
He is one of the progenitors of the BONK festival of new music in the Tampa Bay area and has had pieces recorded by Bang on a Can.
Using an adapted version of the Morse code which he would bang on the walls, Tonegaru soon found out that he shared confinement with writers and former dignitaries of the wartime dictatorships (, Nichifor Crainic, Radu Gyr, and Mircea Vulcănescu), with sociologist and Iron Guard activist , and with the National Peasant Party's .
 25 March – Not with a Bang (1990)
Thompson, who'd been filming Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang in an adjacent studio, went to visit Neeson during a break, just as Neeson was about to shoot a scene with Ralph Fiennes and Danny Huston.
 3D Production: Bang Geum Young, I Seolmun Josa, Bak Jinhyo, Gang Seong Cheol, Jo Yiju
It discusses using simple language basic concepts in modern cosmology and Kabbalah (a form of Jewish mysticism), the creation of the universe from nothing via the Big Bang, general relativity, dark matter, cosmic acceleration, quantum mechanics, and free will, among other topics.
 2009–2017: Comedy Bang!
"Suspect X") starred Ryoo Seung-bum, Lee Yo-won and Cho Jin-woong, and was directed by Bang Eun-jin.
The character of Don DiMello originated on the Comedy Bang!
They released Making Things with Light in 1990, and both the Milk Milk Lemonade album and Strum ünd Bang, Live!?
 "Are You Ready" Crash Boom Bang
 5.Pka Reek Bang Sluk (1992) from Preah Vesandor
 Dr. Emily Sweeney (Laura Spencer) in the television series The Big Bang Theory
An English dub produced by Bang Zoom!
It is located in Peam Bang Commune in Kampong Thom Province.
The protected area lies within the administrative boundaries of Peam Bang commune, Stoung District, Kampong Thom Province.
The commune contains five floating villages - Pov Veuy, Pechakrei, Peam Bang, Ba Lat and Doun Sdaeng which all lie in the vicinity of the protected area.
 Gröna hissen (1944) - Direktör Bang
"Make Love" from this album was remade by Big Bang to be featured in their Japanese album Number 1.
Both versions were performed at the M.Net MKMF Awards, where each member of Big Bang performed a song with Korean singer Hyori Lee.
Big Bang (South Korean band)
The series' title is a  of  and Bang.
Spain started off the 2012–13 IRB Sevens Series with a bang at the 2012 Gold Coast Sevens, defeating core teams Wales and England to finish ninth and win the Bowl.
"Lollipop" is a song by Big Bang and 2NE1, created to promote a cellphone by LG Cyon.
The original video showed 2NE1 singing in front of a white screen for the intro, then introduces both Big Bang and 2NE1 together in a color-changing room.
In 204 BC, after his victory against the Zhao kingdom at the Battle of Jingxing, Han Xin followed Li Zuoche's advice and sent a messenger to Zang Tu, asking him to pledge allegiance to Liu Bang, the King of Han.
In 202 BC, Liu Bang defeated Xiang Yu and unified China under his rule, proclaiming himself Emperor of China and establishing the Han dynasty.
Liu Bang personally led an army to suppress the rebellion.
He refused to surrender and was executed by Liu Bang.
 The Big Bang Theory (Now on 10 Peach)
Bang was a Greek male vocal duo, consisting of Paul Stevens (vocals, guitar) (according to Billboard "Top Pop Singles" and several other unofficial sources, his real name is Thanos Calliris) and Billy Adams (Vassilis Dertilis) (keyboards).
Bang was formed in 1987 consisting of members Thanos Kalliris, Vasilis Dertilis and Michalis Capoulas.
Bang pursued an international career and worked with Shep Pettibone, François Kevorkian and others.
The event occurred roughly 630 million years after the Big Bang, confirming that massive stellar births (and deaths) did indeed occur in the very early Universe.
He appeared at the Bang on a Can Festival in New York, the New York Philharmonic's Horizons Festival, the Warsaw Autumn Festival, the ISCM's World Music Days in Athens, the New England Conservatory Jazz Festival, the Grand Teton Festival, and the LSU Contemporary Music Festival.
al define semelparous insects as "Insects that lay a single clutch of eggs in their lifetime and deposit them at one place are clearly semelparous or big bang reproducers.
He was the biological son of oil trader Carl Christian Viktor Bang Rasmussen (born 28 October 1861 in Fredensborg) and his wife Olga Johanne (née Christensen, born 12 December 1873 in Copenhagen).
It flows southwestward and  joins the Hanuman River to become the Bang Pakong River in Kabin Buri District, Prachinburi Province.
Park Ki-young as Bang Soo-hyun
 An Bang – (MNE) – Dečić Tuzi (2017)–2018
At BANG, Julian and his colleagues wrote and produced commercials for Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Mercedes Benz, Anheuser-Busch, Ford, Burger King, The American Cancer Society, Procter & Gamble, Sony, and other national sponsors.
John Ross Bowie (born May 30, 1971) is an American actor and comedian best known for playing Barry Kripke on The Big Bang Theory and Jimmy DiMeo on Speechless.
Bang Eun-hee as Myung-sook 
"Better Things" was sampled by the alternative hip hop duo Chiddy Bang for their 2009 song "Truth".
 Magdallan – Big Bang (1992)
 The Cosmic Revolutionary's Handbook: or how to beat the Big Bang by Luke A. Barnes and Geraint F. Lewis, Cambridge University Press (Feb 2020, )
The first, "Lollipop", was recorded with labelmate Big Bang and released on March 27, 2009, to promote the LG Cyon phone.
Shortly after the conclusion of the tour, 2NE1 and Big Bang made MTV Style's list of "Best Band Style of 2012"; the two YG Entertainment groups were the only Asian acts to appear on the list of 10, which included the western groups One Direction, The Wanted, Backstreet Boys, Spice Girls, Destiny's Child, Fun, and No Doubt.
Vogue magazine said that 2NE1 along with Big Bang helped ushered K-pop's hip-hop wave.
In January 2014, they were named the act with the fourth-most digital hit songs in South Korean history, following SG Wannabe, Big Bang, and Davichi.
This expansion is well supported by observations and is one of the foundations of the Big Bang Model.
She performed the theme song of "Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?"
MusicBrainz page for Bang!
"The Terminator Decoupling" is an episode of the  American comedy television series The Big Bang Theory.
Glau was part of the cast of Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles which, along with The Big Bang Theory, was produced by Warner Bros. Television.
Bill Prady, a co-creator of The Big Bang Theory, presented the script of the episode to Josh Friedman, creator of Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles with the plan of casting Glau as herself.
The Big Bang Theory episodes
In 2010 after completing their tour with Daughtry and Lifehouse, Cavo hit the road for their very first headlining tour, with Black Sunshine, Shaman's Harvest, Atom Smash, Brookroyal and American Bang supporting.
During the 2010–2011 season, Modern Family was the highest rated scripted show in the 18–49 demographic, and the third highest rated overall sitcom behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory and Two and a Half Men.
Sato also managed the voice recording with Bang Zoom!
Sato praised Bang Zoom!
Lego, A. P. Moller-Maersk Group and Bang & Olufsen are some of the Danish companies that have investments in Czech Republic.
Abhay and Rani Bang founded the Society For Education, Action and Research in Community Health (SEARCH) – a non-profit organisation, which is involved in rural health service and research.
Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow has conferred honorary doctorates on Abhay and Rani Bang.
SNDT Women's University, Mumbai has also awarded honoris causa to Rani Bang.
Abhay and Rani Bang are the first recipients of the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Department of International Health at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.
Rani Bang (formerly Rani Chari) was born in Chandrapur.
Abhay and Rani Bang completed their MBBS from Government Medical College, Nagpur, Maharashtra in 1972.
Abhay Bang was first in the university in MBBS and had three gold medals.
While working in villages of Wardha district, Abhay Bang published a study challenging the minimum wages fixed for agriculture labour in Maharashtra, forcing the government to raise the minimum wages.
Home Based Neonatal Care (HBNC) model developed by Bang has resulted in reduction in infant mortality in the study villages of Gadchiroli.
In May 2017, the High Court of Bombay invited Abhay Bang to provide suggestions about how to reduce child mortality and malnutrition in the state of Maharashtra.
The High Court accepted the suggestions made by Abhay Bang and directed the state government to incorporate the recommendations in its policy decisions and take appropriate actions.
Abhay and Rani Bang were driving force for the movement of liquor ban in Gadchiroli district.
In May 2012, Abhay Bang was member of panel to study ban of Liquor in chandrapur district.
Abhay Bang is developing a multi-pronged approach named "Muktipath" in the district of Gadchiroli to reduce the prevalence of alcohol and tobacco consumption there.
Rani Bang has worked extensively on women's medical issues.
Rani Bang first brought to the notice of the world that rural women had a large hidden burden of gynecological diseases.
Rani Bang has worked on women's reproductive health issues, sexually transmitted diseases and AIDS control, adolescent sexual health, tribal health, alcohol and alcoholism.
Rani Bang has been awarded with National Award for Women's Development through Application of Science & Technology in recognition of her outstanding and pioneering contribution for the past two and a half decades on improving women's health in rural India through an innovative and powerful approach of research with the people and for the people.
Abhay and Rani Bang have been working with the tribal communities in the forest area of Gadchiroli district in Maharashtra since 1986.
Abhay Bang has been appointed as the head of this task force which comprises the nonprofit SEARCH, Tata Trusts, National Institute of Research and Tribal Health (NIRTH) and the Government of Maharashtra.
While the "old" problems of malaria, malnutrition and mortality persist, Abhay Bang emphasises "new" health issues among tribals partly due to outside socio-cultural influences and steady inroads by market forces.
These, alongside addition of salt in their foods and stress, are contributing to increased incidence of hypertension, according to Bang.
Abhay and Rani Bang and their team at SEARCH has started working on the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) as that is emerging as a priority area.
In a study published in Economic and Political Weekly, Bang and SEARCH team members showed that the rural and tribal district of Gadchiroli was spending approximately  Crore.
According to Bang, spread of information and awareness for prevention, initiation of village committees and urban ward committees, implementation of laws and regulations, treatment for deaddiction, counselling via NGOs and stimulation of an alcohol and tobacco free environment in government offices, schools, colleges, markets etc.
In August 2016, when Rani Bang was to undergo spinal surgery herself, she too was operated in the SEARCH hospital by Shekhar Bhojraj and his wife Shilpa who is an anaesthetist in Mumbai.
Apart from being the founder directors of SEARCH, Abhay and Rani Bang have served on various national and state level committees.
गोईण (Goin) – Rani Bang
Putting Women First: Women and Health in a Rural Community – Rani Bang (Published in 2010.)
Abhay Bang has written an article "Meeting the Mahatma" which is published in English Kumarbharti Textbook of Class 9 of Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education.
Abhay and Rani Bang and their organization SEARCH have been felicitated with a number of awards, a few of them are as follows:
 Research with the People – Article by Bang in Forbes India
Much material was recorded for the album; some songs left off the initial release appeared on the "Nuclear Edition" reissue, while another song intended for Bang!
Insane Clown Posse promoted the tour for Bang!
Among the products were proprietary and co-branded games and puzzles by Fundex; figures and bobbleheads worldwide by Bif Bang Pow!
It was released in February 1995 as the third single from his debut album Out with a Bang.
It was released in November 1995 as the fifth and final single and title track from his album Out with a Bang.
In addition to leading his own groups, Jamal performed with Ronald Shannon Jackson's Decoding Society in the 1980s, Joe Bonner, Billy Bang, Charles Tyler and others.
The cosmological horizon in a Big Bang type cosmology is a past horizon, things come out, but nothing goes in.
She had been the producer on CBS' The Big Bang Theory from 2007 to 2010.
El Big Bang (1995) 
Other album releases with the same recordings have been called Payin' Dues and The Complete Bang Sessions.
and on the previous Bang compilation albums T.B.
Sheets and Bang Masters.
The second disc contains the notorious "Contractual Obligation" session – thirty-one improvised nonsense songs Morrison recorded in order to fulfill his contract with Bang Records.
I don't want one, I've had enough of them, bang it out to hell over there.'
 24 April – Per Bang, journalist (b.
A big bang engine is an unconventional engine designed so that some of the power strokes occur simultaneously or in close succession.
Yamaha created a big bang YZR500 in 1992.
Marciona studied drama at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London, American Academy of Dramatic Arts, HB Studios, The Groundlings, BANG.
The show was nominated for Favorite TV Comedy at the 36th People's Choice Awards, but lost to The Big Bang Theory.
 "Only You" – Bang the Drum
In this work as in his previous “Il Fuoco del 6° Armonico sulla Luce della Dominante partendo dalla Madre Fondamentale – con in mente Zarathustra” (performed live but still not released) the sound is both avant-garde and ancient, primeval as if generated by the early wave motion of the Big Bang.
In the Franco-Thai War he was captured by - or deserted to - Thai forces, and in 1943 again deserted from the Cambodian National Guard at Bang Mealas, allegedly in the possession of his men's pay.
Shatter appeared at Ring of Honor's The Big Bang!
EliteBook Folio 1020 Bang & Olufsen Limited Edition was announced in July 2015.
The group then collaborated with label-mates Big Bang for the song "Lollipop" on March 27, 2009 before appearing on SBS's The Music Trend for the first time on May 17, where they performed their official debut single "Fire".
The first exhibition deals with questions of origin, both the Big Bang theory, history of the universe, as well as the birth of life and evolution of especially humans.
Gerald Kaufman submitted a claim for three months' expenses totalling £14,301.60, which included £8,865 for a Bang & Olufsen Beovision 40-inch LCD television in June 2006.
IGN'' later put the game in its Best of 2010 list, where it garnered awards for PSP Game of the Year, Most Addictive Game, Best Visuals, Most Bang for Your Buck, Best Story, Best Co-Op and Coolest Atmosphere.
At 14:43:54, the control tower at Værøy registered a distress signal, that lasted four seconds, followed by a loud bang.
He is currently independent and has released an EP: Bang the Drums.
  Machines Don't Care - Beat Bang - Machines Don't Care
MacRae's film career included roles in Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask) (1972), The Connection (1973), Bang the Drum Slowly (1973), Secrets of Three Hungry Wives (1978) and Life with Mikey (1993).
Drees addressed in his analysis of cosmology, Beyond the Big Bang the explanatory success of science in addressing big questions and the persistence of limit questions.
It premiered on June 22, 2009 on the network's Dramarama sa Hapon line up replacing Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?.
Kollegah also released four collaborative studio albums with German rapper Farid Bang, the Jung brutal gutaussehend tetralogy, between 2009 and 2018.
Three months after the release of Chronik 2, Blume released his first collaborative album with Farid Bang, called Jung, brutal, gutaussehend.
Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 2, his collaboration album with Farid Bang, was released in 2013 and reached number 1 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
Kollegah and Farid Bang regularly teased Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 (JBG 3) between March 2016 and 2017.
In 2018, months after release, Kollegah and Farid Bang were criticized for the lines commit another Holocaust and come with Molotov and My body is more defined than those of Auschwitz inmates on their album Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3.
Bang Goes the Theory was originally presented by Dallas Campbell (series 1–6); Liz Bonnin, a biochemist with a Masters in wild animal conservation; Jem Stansfield, an aeronautical engineer, inventor and designer of museum exhibits; and Yan Wong (co-author of The Ancestor's Tale), an Oxford-educated evolutionary biologist.
From 27 July 2009 until 5 May 2014, Bang Goes The Theory was the only programme on BBC One to have its own ident.
Although conceived originally as a web piece, the song is also used at the end of the Bang LIVE roadshows.
A DVD set containing the first two series of Bang Goes the Theory was issued in 2010.
 Bang Goes the Theory at OpenLearn
Before the half-way point of the 2nd lap (right before the back sweeper) a loud bang was heard from the engine, and the car began shaking violently.
One was entitled "I'm a Devil,"  recorded for Bang!
It’s not an identifiably New Orleans record, although it was made there, originally released on the New Sound label and picked up by Bang.
In these models, the universe starts with a Big Bang and expands for some time, with increasing entropy and a  thermodynamic arrow of time pointing in the direction of the expansion.
The first begins with a state of low entropy at the Big Bang which continually increases until the Big Crunch.
In celebration of her 30th birthday, Brasileirinhas organized a gang bang with Pâmela Butt and 30 Afro-Brazilian men including Kid Bengala.
Hyde started a production company in 2008 called GourmetFilm with his friend Aske Bang.
He biographed Hans Seland, Gustaf Fröding, Herman Bang and Metternich.
On May 18, 2009 the Team had a release party for the album in the Vooruit (Ghent), and subsequently released it nationwide June 15 via Bang!.
One month later, Brace lent his vocals again on another single Wees Niet Bang with the collaboration of the solid guitar work of Van Leeuwen.
Frank, with a huge smile sailed away to get us to Wembley bang on time".
Under its new title, A Loud Bang on June the First, the play received its first production at the Abbey Theatre in February 1971.
In 1977, he founded the String Trio of New York with violinist Billy Bang and bassist John Lindberg.
It was based on a novel by Bang Young-wung.
Ons kinders was almal `n beetje bang vir hom" (Although I was small when he lived, I knew him very well.
Historical alumni include First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Ralph Asher Alpher, "father of the Big Bang theory".
We were told she would arrive bang on time and leave exactly when she was supposed to.
Richards, meanwhile, earned himself into contendership for the ROH World Championship by entering the Pick 6 rankings with a win at April's The Big Bang!
He was scheduled to make his promotional debut against Islam Abasov at ONE Championship: Big Bang on December 4, 2020.
Six years later, he made his debut in 2006 as a member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Instead, they were joined by four other trainees (TOP, Daesung, Seungri, and Hyun-seung) to form the group Big Bang.
Moving beyond the hip-hop genre of Big Bang, Taeyang incorporated mainly R&B songs into his album, stating that it was his "main focus".
Taeyang took two years to record new materials and participate in promotional activities with Big Bang for their Korean EPs Tonight (2011) and Alive (2012) as well as the Japanese studio album Alive (2012).
He was discharged on November 10, 2019 along with fellow Big Bang member, Daesung.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (released in the United States and Canada as Nanny McPhee Returns) is a 2010  period fantasy comedy film directed by Susanna White, produced by Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner and Lindsay Doran with music by James Newton Howard and co-produced by StudioCanal, Relativity Media, Working Title Films and Three Strange Angels.
Dunsfold Aerodrome, the location of Top Gear, name Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang as being filmed there, with more filming taking place at Shepperton Studios.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang was theatrically released on 20 August 2010 by Universal Pictures (2 April 2010 in the UK).
 Bang Hee: Hye-ryeon
Her prolific work in sexy comedies and dramas caught the attention of many directors, and in the 1980s, showed her serious work as an actress in the Ishmael Bernal's Working Girls and Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?, both in 1984.
Big Bang methodology - an approach for small or undefined projects, generally consisting of little to no planning with high risk.
Hatsune Miku, being developed for smartphones by BanG Dream!
However, questions were raised about the group's future, as the song's success was attributed to the popularity of Big Bang.
The single went on to win Song of the Year at the 2009 Mnet Asian Music Awards, making them the first group to win the accolade in the same year of debut, and the second rookie to win after Big Bang for "Lies" (2007).
Despite the group having appeared alongside labelmate Big Bang for the promotional single "Lollipop" in March 2009, "Fire" served as 2NE1's official debut.
2NE1 was first unveiled to the public on March 27, 2009 after appearing alongside labelmate Big Bang for the LG Cyon promotional track "Lollipop".
Rinko Shirogane, a character from BanG Dream!
Bang Up (EP, 2012)
Boome also has projects though his own production company, Crash Bang Boome Productions, up for consideration in the US, Canada, Australia and the UK.
Neutrino decoupling took place approximately one second after the Big Bang, when the temperature of the universe was approximately 10 billion kelvin, or 1 MeV.
As neutrinos rarely interact with matter, these neutrinos still exist today, analogous to the much later cosmic microwave background emitted during recombination, around 377,000 years after the Big Bang.
However, Big Bang cosmology makes many predictions about the CNB, and there is very strong indirect evidence that the CNB exists.
This ratio is critical to the synthesis of atoms during Big Bang nucleosynthesis, the process which formed the majority of helium atoms in the universe, as it "is the dominant factor in determining the amount of helium produced."
Berrabah also stated in an interview with Bang Showbiz that the song "doesn't sound like anything we have ever done before".
Mary Jo Bang (born October 22, 1946 in Waynesville, Missouri) is an American poet.
Bang grew up in Ferguson, Missouri.
Bang was the poetry co-editor of the Boston Review from 1995 to 2005.
David Lee Murphy, Out with a Bang, (1995).
He told the Radio Times, "If there is a slight misread, I am stopped immediately – bang – by the lawyers.
Insane Clown Posse's eleventh studio album, Bang!
On April 6, 2010, Bang!
It was a modification of the earlier Models of 1909 and Model 1911 Bang rifles, both chambered in the .30-06 Springfield round.
The Bang blow-forward gas system, originally developed in 1903, inspired severeral other weapon developments: It was used in the unsuccessful French Puteaux APX machine gun of 1904 and its direct successor, the controversial St. Étienne Mle 1907 machine-gun.
The third and last Qin emperor, Ziying, surrendered to a rebel force led by Liu Bang in 206 BC, bringing an end to the Qin dynasty.
The power struggle concluded in 202 BC with victory for Liu Bang, who established the Han dynasty to replace the Qin dynasty.
Although the Chinese won an unexpected victory in Tonkin in late March, defeating General de Négrier's 2nd Brigade at Bang Bo and reoccupying Lạng Sơn, this success was counterbalanced by the simultaneous French capture of the Pescadores Islands.
: The first single from In and Out of Control is a double A-side of Last Dance and Bang!
On May 2nd 2015, Kansas based The Big Bang Theater performed the play at Regnier Hall Auditorium at KU Edwards Campus.
You Quan have a buddy, so-called ‘Brother’, Tan Ying Bang (Pound) aged 39.
When You Quan’s mother was seriously ill, Ying Bang accompanied him to search for his father and got hit on the head by You Quan’s father.
Since then, whenever Ying Bang gets into trouble, You Quan will go all the way out to help him.
Although Ying Bang is married, he still womanizes and is not down to earth.
Meanwhile, You Quan finds out that Zhi Ling is secretly in love with Ying Bang for many years.
You Quan introduces Ying Bang to work in his company.
However, Ying Bang is not a conscientious worker and even commits corporate espionage.
She immediately fires Ying Bang and asks You Quan to go back to her company but is turned down by him.
Will Ying Bang turns over a new leaf?
The game started with a bang with an 83-yard touchdown run by Jordan Jefferson just two minutes into the game.
 Cheon Dong-seok: Bang Ul-i
Nina Bang (1866–1928), Danish politician
In 1973, De Niro had been praised for his role in Bang the Drum Slowly while Scorsese had been working as an editor on the movie Woodstock.
He reports on theories about the possibility that our universe is one among many, the Big Bang theory, Black holes, the "expanding" universe, and "curved" space.
The book has twelve chapters with most of it exploring the Big Bang theory and the mass density of the universe.
He explains that all "space" and matter in the universe were in a singularity before the Big Bang even started.
Contrary to this he shows that if Ω is a number greater than 1 then the universe will eventually collapse into itself in a "big crunch", the opposite of the Big Bang.
Ferris believes that the Big Bang theory is correct because of microwave background radiation which gives space a temperature of 3 kelvins.
The one constant, however, is that Ferris never strays too far from the central theme of the book, the big bang theory.
After his departure from Black Flag, Reyes relocated to Vancouver and formed the band Crash Bang Crunch Pop!.
Reyes' band consisted of guitarists Kevin Rose from Crash Bang Crunch Pop!, and Jon Doe from the Scramblers along with a rhythm section consisting of Real McKenzies founding member Anthony Walker on bass and Scott Beadle on drums.
Braunger is a podcast guest favorite, and has been featured on Never Not Funny w/ Jimmy Pardo, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, The Joe Rogan Experience, The Nerdist Podcast, You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes, The Bertcast with Bert Kreischer, All Fantasy Everything, Your Mom’s House with Tom Segura and Christina Pazitski, Bullseye with Jesse Thorn, Ryan Sickler’s The Honeydew, and many more.
To coincide with the release of Bang!...
Ved Vejen (meaning By the Wayside or At the Roadside) is a short novel written by the Danish author Herman Bang in 1886.
Jensen found that Bang "depicts the infinitely simple existence and everything it covers with the finest and most sensitive art... His style gives the reader an impression of reality's monotony, allowing him to imagine the emotions hidden behind it."
Fr Lemaitre is known as the first proponent of the big bang theory of the origins of the cosmos and pioneer in applying Einstein's theory of general relativity to cosmology.
 Dead Bang (1989) as Mrs. Gebhardt
However, she does not seem to refer to anyone other than herself by name; she calls Ragna "good guy" (because he buys her food), Bang "scruffy man", Arakune "black squiggly", Noel "lacking lady", Hakumen "mask man", Nu "flappy-flap", and Jubei "cat person".
Bang, however, knocks her out to do the deed for her, so she would not have to kill even a shadow of the man she loved.
Bang later learns that his weapon was in fact also a key to halt the flow of seithr across the world while also learning of Izanami's schemes.
Donning a more serious attitude, Bang teams up with Ragna in order to help him save the world.
During his journey, he has also shown tremendous respect towards Bang and his unyielding spirit-something surprising given his normally strict disdain for others.
Ikaruga Ninjas are Bang Shishigami's familiars and remnants of the proud ninjas of Ikaruga.
 was Bang Shishigami's former sensei and leader of Ikaruga before she was slain by Jin Kisaragi during the Ikaruga Civil War.
This caused Bang to seek revenge on him.
The Big Bang, 1999
Edited by Henrik Plenge Jakobsen, Lars Bang Larsen and Superflex
2005 After another line-up change a 3-track rhythm and blues CD was released on Biff Bang Pow records.
After yet another line-up change the band then recorded a pure rhythm and blues album, No Good Women, in 2005 for Biff Bang Pow records.
 Ellen Bang as Lady McKenney 
Park began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by labelmates Big Bang, Lexy, and Masta Wu.
The group then collaborated with label-mates Big Bang for the song "Lollipop" before officially debuting on SBS's The Music Trend on May 17, 2009, where they performed "Fire".
YG Entertainment stated in early 2009 that they would be debuting a new four-member group that had been training for four years and that their debut album would contain songs produced by 1TYM's leader Teddy Park and G-Dragon of Big Bang.
The museum inducted its first class during its multiday "Big Bang 2010" event on August 7, 2010.
Stuart Bloom, comic store owner in The Big Bang Theory
Primordial black hole (also abbreviated as PBH) is a hypothetical type of black hole that formed soon after the Big Bang.
Evaporating primordial black holes would have also had an impact on the Big Bang nucleosynthesis and change the abundances of light elements in the Universe.
He starts to bang a stone against his chest until Carol stops him and he is bleeding.
They reported that shortly after, there was a loud bang above their village and the sound of the aircraft stopped.
Gay comic book creator Brian Parrish is hired by Bang Comics to take over Princess Paragon, a superhero comic book that's been around since the 1940s, but whose sales are slumping badly by the 1990s.
Parrish decides to reimagine Princess Paragon as a lesbian, a move which causes quite a bit of excitement and publicity for Bang, but also causes consternation among some of the fan base.
It features Space Cowboy and was written and produced by Martin Kierszenbaum, RedOne and Space Cowboy, for the band's second studio album ToyZ (2009) and debut U.S. album, BANG!.
The Rolling Stones chose the Brno Exhibition Centre for the 2007 A Bigger Bang European Tour.
Almost throughout its 75 minute running time (it feels much longer) I was desperate to get out of the theatre myself", before adding, "But this is emphatically a drama that deserves and needs to be seen, not least by those politicians who endlessly bang on about our broken society".
 The Big Bang Theory (1 episode, 2015) (TV)
Free quarks probably existed in the extreme conditions of the very early universe until about 30 microseconds after the Big Bang, in a very hot gas of free quarks, antiquarks and gluons.
In Oakland, he did likewise for the hip-hop crew Big Bang Theory, with whom he performed locally, including opening a show for E-40.
The Church hosts a number of performing arts groups, including the Empire City Men's Chorus, The Prospect Theater Company, and David Parker & The Bang Group.
It is also a continuation of the season 9 episode "The Big Bang Theory".
Johnny Galecki, actor (The Big Bang Theory, Roseanne)
His brother Dai Lin Bang was also a master of Xinyi.
As a result, Xinyi also became known as “The Dai Family style” and Dai Long Bang has thus been credited with the creation of Xinyi.
However, Dai Long Bang himself states in his book that he did not create Xinyi Quan.
The TV series is licensed in the U.S. by Media Blasters, now by Discotek Media and is dubbed by Bang Zoom!
In the mid-2000s, Seungri rose to prominence as one of three vocalists and youngest member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang under YG Entertainment, which eventually became one of the best-selling digital groups of all-time in Asia and one of the best-selling boy bands in the world.
Early beginnings and debut with Big Bang
Following his appearance on the show, Seungri was scouted by YG Entertainment to audition for the new boy band, Big Bang, alongside five other members: T.O.P, Taeyang, G-Dragon, Daesung, and Hyun-seung.
In 2008, members of Big Bang began branching out to develop their solo careers.
Seungri became the first member of Big Bang to act in a musical with Sonagi in 2008.
To establish an identity away from Big Bang through his music, Seungri involved himself in the production of the album, composing and writing six out of the seven songs.
On March 11, 2019, Seungri announced on his Instagram account his retirement from the entertainment industry, stating that the criticism and hate he received in the past month had driven him to this move in order to protect Big Bang and YG Entertainment.
He dropped out of Chung-Ang University in 2012 after being placed on academic probation several times due to his demanding schedule with Big Bang, opting instead to enroll at Gukje Digital University so he could take online classes and attend his schedules at the same time.
There was a loud bang from turbine 2.
- Bang Your Head 3 (Special Edition)
On the south knoll of the cemetery's west side are the graves of the three Bang children, outlined with low marble stones that resemble cribs when seen at a distance.
A fourth Bang child has a nearby grave with a detailed carved cross decorated with ivy and flowers.
When the Prince of Freedly and Zora make it back to the castle, the Prince tries to bang on the gate in order to get inside.
2001 - Murder - Mack 10/Big Tymers - Bang Or Ball
 Breeze & Modulate - Bang 2 Me Nasty (VIP Mix)
 2008 Bang It Again!
He learned the internal martial art of Xinyiquan (Heart and Intention Boxing) from Dai Wenxiong, son of Dai Long Bang, and later modified the style into Xingyiquan (Form and Intention Boxing).
In 1999, BulletBoys guitarist DJ Ashba and Bang Tango singer Joe Lesté formed Beautiful Creatures adding Kweens, guitarist Anthony Focx and drummer Glen Sobel.
He has appeared in numerous films and television series, from 21 Jump Street (1990) to Takashi Shimizu's The Great Horror Family (2004) and Takashi Miike's Big Bang Love, Juvenile A (2006).
In 1750, Dai Long Bang, wrote “The Six Harmonies Fist preface” in which it is said that “Ji Jike, also known as Ji Long Feng, born at the end of the Ming Dynasty, discovered the text of Yue Fei, and taught Cao Ji Wu in Qiu Pu”.].
 "Baby Let Me Bang Your Box" (Teddy McRae, Sidney Wyche) - 3:25
 Alfred Hofstadter, father of Leonard Hofstadter an experimental physicist in the television series The Big Bang Theory
Turk - Young & Thuggin'Juvenile - Project EnglishMack 10 - Bang Or Ball2002
, a character from the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!
In 1986, he once again was directed by Andrzej Kondratiuk in the comedy-sci-fi television series Big Bang.
 Big Bang, by Andrzej Kondratiuk (1986)
USA Today Robert Bianco awarded the season premiere three out of four stars, opining that the episode "starts with a bang, ends with a cliffhanger jolt, and offers a good story for each of the wives in between while dropping a possibly worthy new addition in their midst."
Bang for the Bucks by Keith Sharon
Bang The Party - "I Feel Good All Over" (3:56)
In The Big Bang Theory episode "The Adhesive Duck Deficiency", Sheldon Cooper makes a reference to Doodle Jump when he sees someone playing the game in a hospital.
Leckie started the 2010–11 season with a bang, scoring twice in Adelaide's first five games, earning wide praise for his entertaining and robust style of play and winning the favour of the Australian U19 side for their competing in the 2010 AFC Under-19 championships.
Her mother was The Noble Consort (Chao Chom Manda) Sae Rojanadis, daughter of Phraya Abbhantrikamas and Bang Rojanadis.
His mother was Sae Rojanadis, daughter of Phraya Abbhantrikamas and Bang Rojanadis.
The Big Bang radically changed the way the London Stock Exchange operated, doing away with much of what was seen by critics as ‘the old boys’ network’ and internationalising London’s financial markets.
Her mother was Tabtim Rojanadis, daughter of Phraya Abbhantrikamas and Bang Rojanadis, elder sister of Chao Chom Manda Sae.
On 11 October 2010, he kicked off his first UK tour which was supported by Chiddy Bang.
It connects Rama IV Road with Phaya Thai and Si Phraya roads, and is located within Pathum Wan District, next to its border with Bang Rak.
It is ultimately revealed by a barmaid that he spent the evening in question in her pub, but had been acting oddly following a loud bang outside, which seemed to trigger a war time memory.
People thought they had to bang to be the cool kid but now the smart kid is the cool kid.
 Big Bang (South Korea)
Bang Eun-jin – cooking judge (cameo)
The Schafer-era began with a bang as Cornell got its first 20-plus-win season in a decade as well as claiming the 1996 ECAC tournament.
2001 – James E. Peebles, U.S. – "Work on cosmic microwave background radiation and setting the physical basis for the hot big bang theory.
| Whiz Bang Quiz Gang || WWOR || New York City || 1992–199?
The Royal Cremation was created at Nivetthammapravat Temple, in the area of Bang Pa-In Royal Palace.
As her body lay in state within Aisawan Dhiphya-Asana Pavilion, in the compound of the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace, Ayutthaya Province mourners thronged to pay their final respects.
In her funeral ceremony, her half-sister, Princess Chandra Saradavara, Princess of Phichit suffered from illness and died on 21 February 1905, while going to pay respect to her at the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace.
Until 14 February 1905, her body was moved to Bang Pa-In Royal Palace by moving from Sutthai Sawan Prasat, through Sakdichaiyasit Gate, straight to Samsen's train station.
 Royal funeral ceremony of HRH Princess Srivilailaksana, the Princess of Suphanburi at Nivetthammapravat Temple, Bang Pa-In Royal Palace
She usually visited them almost every week in his residence, Bang Khunphrom Palace.
While at the Lick Observatory, Mayall collaborated on a 20-year project with astronomers at Mount Palomar and Mount Wilson on the Big Bang theory of the beginning of the Universe.
 Crash Bang (1/27/2003)
Princess Chandra Saradavara died on 21 February 1905, while going to pay respect to her stepsister's funeral, Princess Srivilailaksana at Bang Pa-In Royal Palace, Ayutthaya Province.
She drowned with her mother and her unborn sibling when the royal boat capsized while on the way to the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace.
One of those units (formed in April 1969 until July that year), aided in the installation of modern communications equipment in Bang Phi, Thailand; improving the information networks for Southeast Asia.
Bang the Drum Slowly (1973) - Bruce's Father (final film role)
Annapolis magazine in 2009 for "Best Bang for Your Buck".
A South Vietnamese village outside of Trang Bang was bombed with napalm in an errant air strike by the South Vietnamese Army, shortly after   Nick Ut took a photograph that became an iconic symbol of the horrors of war.
 Veimerker, Norwegian translation, Cappelen, 1964 (Translators: Karin Bang and Aasmund Brynildsen)
Bank Bang is a 2008 Greek comedy film directed by Argyris Papadimitropoulos.
Tracks 5 and 10: Big Bang
Bang is an American rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, active briefly in the early 1970s and again since 2014.
On January 31, 2021, Big Hit announced that 8Eight would make a comeback in February with a new commemorative single, composed by "Hitman" Bang and Wonderkid, for "Without A Heart"s 10th anniversary.
The first song "30분전" ("30 Minutes Ago") was a duet with Lim Jeong-hee, the third and final song composed by Bang Shi Hyuk for the "Goodbye" trilogy after Baek Ji-young's "총 맞은 것처럼" ("Like Being Hit By a Bullet") and 8Eight's "심장이 없어" ("Without a Heart").
The song is also included on the band's second studio album ToyZ and their debut US album, BANG!.
Big Bang Boom (Vollmer, Marc Ribler)
According to Obata, their line of thinking was, "if we’re going to go bankrupt, let’s do something crazy and go out with a bang!"
4          Bang On Harry
The duo introduced a third bang member during the release the fourth album.
Most of the criticism is directed towards the written material using jokes from Chinese-translated American sitcoms such as Friends, How I Met Your Mother ,The Big Bang Theory and The War at Home.
 Paul Tibbets, Big Bang
"Heart Skips a Beat" was released as Murs' first U.S. single through Columbia Records on 29 May 2012, replacing Rizzle Kicks with American rappers Chiddy Bang for its release.
51 deaths and 138 injured,  A Ratchaburi-Thon Buri train (No.165, now 352) approached the intersection around Taling Chan Junction and was collided by a freight train from Bang Sue Junction to Padang Besar, due to having gone through a red signalbeing .
These were the recordings that landed Bridge a deal at the CBS subsidiary Bang twenty years earlier.
Unexpected percussion discussion bang on, Winnipeg Free Press, 2 May 2009.
Big Bang is the fifth studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.
Other post offices in Dusit district exist, such as Bang Krabu Post Office with postal code 10301, the code used for mails to be delivered to P.O.
the Pantheon of Super Heroes) is a 30th-century superhero team based on the Legion of Super-Heroes (former Legion artist Dave Cockrum drew the cover for the Pantheon's first story) and introduced in Big Bang Comics.
 Alternative hip hop duo Chiddy Bang visits PS22 and performs "Mind Your Manners" and "Talkin' To Myself" with the children.
He has represented a number of well-known adult entertainment companies including Kink.com, Bang Bus, and Milf Hunter.
An English-language version has been co-produced by Bang Zoom!
Bang Dordor – chamberlain on 10
Bang on a Can, an organization founded by American composers Julia Wolfe, David Lang and Michael Gordo
Bang Min-ah (born 1993), South Korean singer, member of Girl's Day
Throwdowns, bang snaps fireworks
It is the hometown of Liu Bang 刘邦(Emperor Gao), the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
Kansaeng Bang Sa (កន្សែងបងស; 'My Scarf is White' with Houy Meas)
During that period he played as a sideman or co-leader with Steve Reid, Cecil Taylor and Billy Bang.
In 2015, Parham and St. Clair spun-off their Comedy Bang!
Parham has made appearances on television programs such as Veep, Parks and Recreation, Comedy Bang!
Nancy explains, “When she sat, her spasmodic body movements would propel her chair along the floor until it reached a wall, her head would bang repeatedly against the wall.
He stripped off the white duck jacket he wore over his bare skin and as the snake struck he lunged forward, threw himself with the coat in front of him upon it and hit the ground with a bang, with the cobra, trapped in the jacket under him.
These were published in Krim Ko Komics (Drovers Journal Press), Tops in Comics, Komik Pages (Chesler/Dynamic), and Bang Up Comics (Progressive Publishers).
The two bang heads in mid-air and both plummet back to earth, landing in the garbage dump.
It retained all of its main hosts while adding Jhong Hilario, Ryan Bang, Coleen Garcia and Eric "Eruption" Tai.
Reviewers complained that it would cause the heads on the Apple Disk II and Commodore 1541 to bang against the drive stop and throw them out of alignment and that it was advisable to back the original game disks as quickly as possible and avoid using them.
Brown announced that the first single from Lollipops & Politics would be called "Children", featuring Chiddy of Chiddy Bang.
Tijuana Sweetheart is a staple band for the Boston area and even features landmarks such as The Kells in their music, and have performed live with such bands as Bang Camaro (also composed of Harmonix staff members), the Mighty Mighty Bosstones, DMZ, and the Ducky Boys
Kang Dae-sung (Hangul: 강대성; born April 26, 1989), better known mononymously as Daesung and his Japanese stage name D-Lite, is a South Korean singer, actor and television personality who made his musical debut in 2006 as a member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang under the record label YG Entertainment.
Since the inception of the Gaon Digital Chart in 2010, Daesung achieved two Top 10 songs, the digital single "Cotton Candy" and "Wings" from the Big Bang album Alive (2012).
1989–2007: Early life and debut with Big Bang
The formation of the group was documented on television, but prior to their official debut, Jang was dropped and Big Bang debuted in 2006 with five members.
Big Bang made their first appearance as a group on August 19, 2006, at YG Family's 10th Anniversary concert.
Shortly after the debut of Big Bang, Daesung was diagnosed with voice chord nodules and developed sociophobia and stage fright.
Daesung fully recovered and made his return to Big Bang in October 2009, joining the group to perform at the Dream Concert.
Daesung made a comeback with the rest of the Big Bang members in March 2012 with their new mini-album Alive, which includes a solo track sung by Daesung titled "Wings", an "uplifting rock ballad" that received positive reviews.
He was discharged on November 10, 2019 along with fellow Big Bang member, Taeyang.
After his first fight Yokota debuted the Japanese promotion DEEP and went undefeated in his next eight fights till he suffered his first loss by knockout at the hands of Tae Hyun Bang.
 In the Ghetto (Busta Rhymes song), the final single from Busta Rhymes''' album, The Big Bang "In the Ghetto", a song by E-40 from his 2012 album, The Block Brochure: Welcome to the Soil 1''
 EuroSpunk features Czech models usually engaged in watersports or gang bang scenes
The newly partnered team began with a bang, winning the Greater Louisville Soccer League's Men's Open Division in May 2011, with Beganovic earning the title of tournament MVP.
When fighting with Sun Wukong, the demon uses the Golden Jade Ring to suck away Sun Wukong's Ruyi Jingu Bang.
Little's new look side started the 1998–99 season with a bang, winning their first six matches which included a 4–3 win at Preston North End and saw Stoke installed by the bookies as promotion favourites.
is the third Japanese single by the South Korean boy band Big Bang released under YG Entertainment and Universal Music Japan seven months after their "ガラガラ GO!!"
Nikolai Eberhardt was a German émigré physicist and author of From the Big Bang to the Human Predicament (1998).
In August 2018, it was reported that The Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons was developing a US remake for Warner Bros. Television.
Heartbreaker is the debut album of South Korean singer-songwriter and rapper G-Dragon, member of Big Bang.
She opened the door with a bang, not with a whimper and many of us followed.
Track 6 for instance can be found on: Relax 12" version, Frankie Said, Sex Mix and Bang!...The Greatest Hits of Frankie Goes to Hollywood.
Track 16 appears on Two Tribes 12" (Hibakusha), Bang!
Ahn Suk-hwan as Hwabaek Bang
Chris Godbey recorded and mixed the song at No Excuses Studios in Santa Monica, California with Matt Bang serving as the assistant engineer.
 Mixing – Chris Godbey, Matt Bang
In 2013, Brown worked with the Korean Boy Band Big Bang.
On 7 April 2013, Rheon released his third EP Bang!
 "Baby Let Me Bang Your Box" (Teddy McRae, Sidney Wyche) - 3:14
Hoang Hai Bang (bassist) (2009-2011)
Signed bands showcasing over the course of the three nights included Ozzy Osbourne, Soundgarden, Prong, Ugly Kid Joe, XYZ, Crimson Glory, The Almighty, Bang Tango, Claytown Troupe, Screaming Jets, Baby Animals, Lillian Axe and Asphalt Ballet.
Kenneth Hamilton, "Not with a bang but a whimper: The death of Liszt's 'Sardanapale' ", Cambridge Opera Journal 8/1 (1996), 45–58.
The ska stroke up or ska upstroke, skank or bang, is a guitar strumming technique that is used mostly in the performance of ska, rocksteady, and reggae music.
Bang snaps are a type of small novelty firework sold as a trick noisemaker.
Bang snaps consist of a small amount of gravel or coarse sand impregnated with a minute quantity (~0.2 milligrams) of silver fulminate high explosive and twisted in a cigarette paper to produce a shape resembling a cherry.
Bang snaps are primarily produced alongside other export fireworks in Brazil, Korea and China and are widely available over the counter at small toy stores and shops specializing in jokes, novelties and magic tricks.
Some US states and counties impose the same age restrictions on purchasing bang snaps as that of permitted fireworks, usually 17 or 18.
In Jackie Chan's film Police Story 2, bang snaps were thrown against Police Inspector Chan Ka-kui (played by Jackie Chan).
American musician Rickie Lee Jones used the box artwork from the "Pop Pop"-brand of bang snaps (made by Garrywa Fireworks of China) for the cover of her 1991 album of the same name.
In the 1999 comedy Big Daddy, Julian bonds with his biological father, Kevin, by throwing bang snaps (even at Kevin's feet).
In the South Park episode "Good Times with Weapons", Cartman annoys Kyle by constantly throwing bang snaps at his feet.
The Rolling Stones – The Biggest Bang (2007)
Ruyi Jingu Bang, the weapon of the hero Sun Wukong in Journey to the West
Bang Goes the Theory
Five new Assassin Missions were added; Guard Break, Power-Down Battle, Big Bang Anarchy, Shortcake Freaks and Crowded Train Carnage.
Klopfer is a German occupational surname, derived from the Middle High German klopfen, meaning "to pound, bang, or hammer", and thus indicating a person in the clothing trade, mining or metal working.
[...] Rihanna has a set full of hits and each is delivered with maximum bang for the audience's bucks, with revealing costumes, salacious dance routines, eye-catching props and sci-fi screens.
Bill Prady (1977), television writer and producer (The Muppets, Dharma & Greg, The Big Bang Theory)
Kenny also discussed writing the second series of EastEnders: E20, saying: "I really wanted it to start with a bang.
 Best New Artist: Big Bang
 Goodheart Prize for best story of 2008,“The Big Bang,” Shenandoah, 58.3.
Big Bang for Bureaucrats: Incorporating an Activist's Anti-nuclear Primer by Leon Kuhn (11 Nov 1983; Burning Issues Ltd; )
Liu Bang (Liu Ji) () works for Zhu Jia.
He is named after the first Han emperor Liu Bang.
He often gambles with Liu Bang and wins without mercy.
In a review of the concert, Ross Raihala from Twin Cities mentioned that there was "darkness hung over much of the first half of the show" because of the performances of "Revolver" and "Gang Bang."
Additional performances by  Bang on a Can All-Stars, Bill Frisell, Grizzly Bear, The Dirty Projectors, Ben Verdery, and Glenn Kotche.
 Jim Parsons – The Big Bang Theory
0 / 2 The Big Bang Theory, Castle, Diamonds, Endgame, Flight of the Conchords, The Good Wife, How I Met Your Mother, In Treatment, Loving Leah, The Prisoner, Taking Chance, Wallander, Weeds
The production company announced on June 24 that Big Bang member T.O.P would be starring alongside Lee as an assassin and the recurring antagonist of the series.
The soundtrack contained a number of the vocal themes used in the series, including those by Baek Ji-young, Shin Seung-hun, and Big Bang.
In the week preceding the premiere of Iris on Japanese television, it was announced that Big Bang would be contributing an all-new ballad to be inserted into the TBS airings.
Those featured were "Hallelujah" by Big Bang, "Don't Forget" by Baek Ji-young, and "Love of Iris" by Shin Seung-hun.
In the early hours of 2 January 1875, Vichaichan fled his palace to seek refuge in the British Consulate (south of Phra Nakhon, in Bang Kho Laem) and under protection and support of the British Government.
Current artists include Sechs Kies, Big Bang, Akdong Musician, Winner, iKon, Blackpink, and Treasure as well as actors and actresses including Kang Dong-won, Choi Ji-woo, Cha Seung-won, Lee Sung-kyung, Jin Kyung, Jang Ki-yong, Yoo In-na, Son Na-eun, and Yoo Seung-ho.
Following Se7en's success, YG formed its first idol group Big Bang in 2006.
General Manager of Live Nation Asia, Mats Brandt, said in an interview that the company considered Big Bang to have the most potential to become a "global artist".
Subsequently, Eric participated in the coalition of Bishop Peder Bang of Roskilde and Prince Jaromar II of Rugia against King Christopher.
In addition to the regular cast, actor Dwayne Johnson made a brief live-action appearance in the episode, appearing as himself, along with two action figures of Peter and Lois, which he proceeds to bang on top of each other in order to illustrate a censored sex scene.
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (Agatha "Aggie" Docherty)
 Ludwig Bang - Secret service agent
Come in 2000 he released Come una cosa andrò for the soundtrack of the film Non come un bang by Mariano Lamberti.
His father died in 1777 of tuberculosis, and his mother was remarried to Frederik Ludvig Bang, a doctor who was superintendent of the same hospital as her first husband.
Bang was later widowed by the death of his second wife, Louise (née Hansen), whom he married in 1782.
At Phong Nha-Ke Bang it was only found in the forest on the mountains or, uncommonly, in valleys between karsts, frequently on steep slopes, between 80m and at least 200m; it was never encountered in the forest in the plains away from the hills.
The Big Bang Theory – Picked up for three additional seasons on January 12, 2011, running through its seventh season in 2013/14.
Jeremy Stansfield (born 1970) is a British engineer and television presenter who is best known for presenting the BBC One science show Bang Goes the Theory.
In 2013 Stansfield sustained injuries during filming of a segment for the series Bang Goes the Theory.
When Troy State began their first season in Division I in 1994, the program came in with a bang, ranking #2 in the nation in 3-pointers attempted and #5 in the nation in three-pointers made.
15 August 2017 – United Kingdom – 3 separate incidents happened at London during morning rush hour, which a loud bang and smoke at the London Underground Central Line platforms at Holborn station causes evacuation of the station while later a train hits the buffers at London King's Cross and then another passenger train collides with a freight train at London Waterloo.
bang belly (also refers to various types of baked buns/puddings)
"I heard no sound ashore, but the passing of the sentry's call, till about half-past ten o'clock, when bang!
Big Bang finished recording the album by the end of July.
Big Bang debuted on the daily Oricon charts at number 2 with over 12,000 copies being sold on the first day.
Buchholz performed in a trio with Norwegian trumpeter Arve Henriksen and live electronics performer Jan Bang, toured with Jazz Bigband Graz in the framework of ELECTRIC POETRY & Lo-Fi Cookies and conducted solo performances as well.
He also directed Evan Ziporyn's Live Cinema opera A House in Bali at Cal Performances, Berkeley CA, Cutler Majestic Theater, Boston and the Brooklyn Academy of Music, Brooklyn, New York in fall 2010 featuring contemporary music ensemble Bang on a Can and Gamelan Salukat led by Dewa Ketut Alit.
On March 25, After School released their third single album Bang!
Virgin was released in the Philippines on July 23, 2011, along with Bang!
Blues musician Howlin' Wolf employed a pianist named William "Destruction" Johnson in the late 1940s, and Chilton's title is a reference to him as well as a play on both the title of the Western film A Man Called Horse and the Biff Bang Pow!
"Heartbreaker" is a song by South Korean boy band Big Bang leader G-Dragon, serving as the title track for his debut solo studio album Heartbreaker.
Andrew E. Lange, 52, American astrophysicist, Big Bang researcher, suicide by asphyxiation.
Leading K-pop acts were Girls' Generation, 2NE1, Big Bang, Super Junior, Psy, Exo, BTS, Wonder Girls, 2PM, NCT, Mamamoo, GFriend, Blackpink, Twice, Got7, Momoland and Red Velvet.
 Marina Tsukishima, a staff member at CiRCLE in the anime BanG Dream!
and in the game BanG Dream!
Bobby Previte: Dull Bang, Gushing Sound, Human Shriek
Tabron was musical director for top-ten Billboard hip-hop duo Chiddy Bang (Virgin Records) on their release tour for their debut album, Breakfast, which included performances on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and Conan as well as for runway shows during New York Fashion Week.
Yodtong had four brothers and two sisters, and later moved to Bang Lamung district, Chonburi province, when he was 13 to live with his sister.
From the Big Bang to planet formations, Victori has traced the origins of the Universe and marveled at the infiniteness in his paintings.
Popular hipster hop artists (or artists associated with the style) include Kid Cudi, João Grilo, Childish Gambino, Tyler, the Creator, Mikill Pane, Kid Sister, Kreayshawn, XV, Chiddy Bang, Azealia Banks, The Swank, and  Air Dubai.
Elisabeth Bang (26 September 1922 – 28 September 2009) was a Norwegian actress.
They married in 1946, and as such Bang became a daughter-in-law of actor Eugen Skjønberg (1889–1971) and stage director Henny Skjønberg (1886–1973) and sister-in-law of actor Espen Skjønberg.
Bang made his film debut  in Englandsfarere (1946) directed by Toralf Sandø (1899–1970).
2001 Au chant des transparences, wash-drawings by Bang Hai Ja – Publisher: Voix d’encre.
2009 Par la porte du silence / Through the door of silence,  with paintings by Bang Hai Ja
While these enemies had been fighting on and off for many years, especially when it came to colonial territories in Africa, they wanted to bang together because they were concerned about Germany's growing power.
| 2020-12-04 || Loss ||align=left| Murat Aygün || ONE Championship: Big Bang  || Kallang, Singapore || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
 Nesting and egg laying of some bird species at Bang Phra Water Reservoir, Chonburi Province
The Hubble Space Telescope has taken the deepest look into the universe yet, revealing some of the most distant, earliest galaxies to form after the Big Bang.
Stone said, "if the ball [enters] behind the front-rowers' foot, bang, it's a penalty".
In 2003, Paul created several unique designs for EcoSmart Fire, one of which has featured by Bang and Olufsen in Paris.
Cosmic background radiation is electromagnetic radiation from the Big Bang.
Its discovery and detailed observations of its properties are considered one of the major confirmations of the Big Bang.
Arno Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson measure the temperature to be approximately 3 K. Robert Dicke, P. J. E. Peebles, P. G. Roll and D. T. Wilkinson interpret this radiation as a signature of the Big Bang.
Subsequently, they headlined the Bang the Gong Tour with Paper Tongues, MeTalkPretty, and Civil Twilight in mid-2010, performed a set to 7,000 at Lollapalooza, and went on tour with Thirty Seconds to Mars in the last half of the year.
In response to the immense popularity of Japanese anime, Conan and Andy went to the studios of Bang Zoom!
Battle of Xingyang (205 BC), a battle fought between Xiang Yu and Liu Bang in the Chu-Han contention period
The decoration of the building was by Danish artist Thomas Bang with support from the Danish State Arts Foundation.
The project included all original production as well as features from the likes of Mike Posner, Talib Kweli, Bun B, Chiddy Bang, GLC, Colin Munroe, Killer Mike, and Mac Miller.
Consort Yu (; died 202 BC), also known as "Yu the Beauty" (), was the wife of the warlord Xiang Yu, who competed with Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founder of the Han dynasty, for supremacy over China in the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC).
In 202 BC, Xiang Yu was besieged in the Battle of Gaixia by the combined forces of Liu Bang (King of Han), Han Xin and Peng Yue.
Fan Zeng (277–204 BC) was an adviser to the warlord Xiang Yu, who fought for supremacy with Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founder of the Han dynasty, during the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC).
In 206 BC, Fan Zeng followed Xiang Yu as their army entered Guanzhong (heartland of the Qin dynasty), where Fan Zeng noticed that Liu Bang would become a future threat to Xiang Yu.
During the Feast at Hong Gate, Fan Zeng ordered Xiang Yu's cousin Xiang Zhuang to pretend to perform a sword dance and use the opportunity to kill Liu Bang, who was present at the feast on Xiang Yu's invitation.
Liu Bang lied that he was going to the latrine and seized the chance to escape.
In 204 BC, when Liu Bang was besieged by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Xingyang, he requested for an armistice.
Xiang Yu listened to Fan Zeng and continued attacking Liu Bang.
In an effort to bolster ratings, TBS secured the cable syndication rights to The Big Bang Theory at a reported US$4 million per episode to serve as a lead-in to Conan three nights a week.
In 1997 he co-founded Little Big Bang, a non-profit arts organization which performed/exhibited for four years in such diverse venues as the Baltimore Museum of Art, the American Visionary Art Museum, as well as local galleries, festivals, and the streets.
Tinashe kicked the year off with a visual bang too, appearing on the cover of the Jan 15 issue of V Magazine.
The type locality for this species is mangrove forest in Bang Tawa, southern Thailand.
 Xiao Rongsheng as Liu Bang
It occurs in the middle and upper parts of the Nam Gnouang drainage south to the drainage of the Xe Bang Hiang in Laos and Vietnam.
In his senior year of high school he was named the first winner of the prestigious Ed Bang scholarship, created to honor the "Dean of American Sports Writers."
EngineeringUK is the lead organiser of annual The Big Bang UK Young Scientists & Engineers Fair.
Soon after, Sobel accepted an offer to become a band member of Warner Bros. Records artists Beautiful Creatures whose line-up also featured Joe Leste of Bang Tango and DJ Ashba of Sixx: A.M. and Guns N' Roses.
 Kim Kyung-Bum,  Moon Won-Geun,  Lim Jong-Heon,  Jung Young-Ho,  Bang In-Woong, 
 "Stylo" (Chiddy Bang Remix) – 3:36
Contained the song “junk time” , music written, recorded and played by Clare Moore.International Travel (w/ Kaye Louise Patterson 2008)Rock Formations (w/ SALMON, Bang!
South Korean boy band Big Bang, formed in 2006 under YG Entertainment, composes of five-members–G-Dragon, Taeyang, T.O.P, Daesung, and Seungri.
At the 2007 Mnet Km Music Festival, Big Bang was nominated for five categories, taking home Song of the Year for "Lies" and Best Male Artist.
In January 2008, Big Bang won all three categories where they were nominated in at the 17th Seoul Music Awards, including Artist of the Year and Record of the Year in Digital Release for “Lies”.
In the same year, Big Bang was presented the first ever award for Best Worldwide Act at the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards.
That November, Big Bang were nominated in six categories at the annual 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards, later winning three awards including Artist of the Year and Best Male Group.
The CMB is believed to be the light of the Big Bang, red-shifted from the visible into the sub-millimeter range by the cosmic expansion in the intervening 13.8 billion years.
This result cast doubt on the validity of the Big Bang theory in general and helped support the rival Steady State theory.
Additionally, the band has produced remixes for Bang Gang ("The World is Gray"), Modwheelmood ("Going Nowhere") and Faunts ("Explain").
A critic from Oneindia.in cited: "Watch the film for the expression of 'Nava Rasas' just after the interval bang and the climax scene and you will get a feel that it is a 100 per cent paisa vasool."
Fiyah with Profisee, EDO G and Mr Bang On (Capitol 1212)1212 Records 2010 
As an example, Jette Bang (1914–1964) was fascinated by Greenland and the Greenlanders.
Winbush made an appearance in The Big Bang Theory episode "The Proton Resurgence".
American alternative hip hop group Chiddy Bang have also issued a remix of the song.
Babes and the Slasher of Zombietown (2008)Erection (2008)He (2008)Vaginal Holocaust (2009)Peeping Blog (2009)Orgy of Blood (2009)Caged Lesbos A Go Go (2009)Sexual Violence in Cinema (2009)Ding Dong Dead (2009)The Corporate Cut Throat Massacre (2009)The Brothers Cannibal (2010)The Brides of Sodom (2010)Lake Death (2010)Lovesick Capitvity (2011)Finger Bang!
Big Bang Blader" for the DS in Japan, which was released on December 2, 2010.
The song "Get Yo Bang On" was originally heard in the film Gang Related and was also included in the film's soundtrack.
In 2002, she received the Nina Bang Prize for showing political courage, enthusiasm and impact with social feeling.
 Big Bang Board Games (2008) (Mac OS X)
The flash bang has the same lighting technique as the hand grenade and smoke bomb, but after the fuse has been lit, it sparks a bright white flash to temporarily blind the opposition, or any other players that were staring at the pyrotechnic when it went off.
1962: First prize silver medal, Bang Danh-Du Award in celebration of the 1st International Arts Exhibition, Saigon, Vietnam.
 Bang that shit (Feat.
 The Big Bang Theory (2012-2015)
He is a member of hip hop groups such as Customer Service, Bomb Zombies, and Flash Bang Grenada.
In 2011, he released 10 Haters, a collaborative album with Busdriver as Flash Bang Grenada.
They started the 2010-11 season with a bang.
In its original incarnation, the American Bang song "Wild and Young" had been used for each season with the exception of the third.
From 2015 to 2016, Norman recurred on IFC's Comedy Bang!
Absolute First Album features contributions by Shinsadong Tiger, Cho Young-soo, Choi Kyu-sung (now of Black Eyed Pilseung), Wheesung and "Hitman" Bang.
 Fengshen Bang (封神榜) performed by Zhou Peng
The first governor was Jørgen Bang.
The beach at Bang Thalu in Phetchaburi was its first choice.
This led to the construction of a summer palace in 1917 at Bang Thalu.
The review ended with Concepcion, praising the songs "Paalam Na" and "Wala na Bang Pag-ibig", saying "But it’s the love-lost tunes [...] that shine best under Jay R’s command".
Saltzberg is also known for his work as technical director on the CBS comedy The Big Bang Theory.
David also had established scientists visit the set of The Big Bang Theory through his "Geek of the Week" program.
 Saltzberg's blog discussing science behind each Big Bang Theory episode
Twang Bang (2006) – V8
The album was completed and supplemented by guest contributions from rappers such as Farid Bang, Nate57, Celo & Abdi, Capo and Eko Fresh and released on his label in April 2012.
As noted by Pindyck and Rubinfeld, firms should advertise heavily if their AED is high (they get a lot of bang for their advertising buck) or if their PED is low (since for every added sale there is significant profit).
Immediately after the Big Bang, the universe was a hot, dense plasma of photons, leptons, and quarks: the quark epoch.
Helium nuclei are produced during Big Bang nucleosynthesis, and make up about 24% of the total mass of baryonic matter.
In cosmology, the steady-state model  is an alternative to the Big Bang theory of evolution of the universe.
The modern Big Bang theory, first advanced by Father Georges Lemaître, is one in which the universe has a finite age and has evolved over time through cooling, expansion, and the formation of structures through gravitational collapse.
Whereas the Big Bang theory predicted as much, the steady-state model predicted that such objects would be found throughout the universe, including close to our own galaxy.
For most cosmologists, the definitive refutation of the steady-state model came with the discovery of the cosmic microwave background radiation in 1964, which was predicted by the Big Bang theory.
Since this discovery, the Big Bang theory has been considered to provide the best explanation of the origin of the universe.
Following this was the digital release "This Night / Bang The Dub" on the same label.
 2013: This Night / Bang The Dub (Digital)
 John Grant's appearance on the Comedy Bang!
Cortex appears as a playable character in the racing titles Crash Team Racing, Crash Nitro Kart and Crash Tag Team Racing, as well as the party titles Crash Bash and Crash Boom Bang!.
A. K. Bang, The Idrisi State of Asir 1906–1934: Politics, Religion and Personal Prestige as State-building factors in early twentieth century Arabia, Bergen Studies on the Middle East and Africa (1996).
Anne K. Bang, The Idrisi State of Asir 1906-1934: Politics, Religion and Personal Prestige as State-building factors in early twentieth century Arabia (London: Bergen Studies on the Middle East and Africa, 1996)
 2014: "Ed Clark: Big Bang," Tilton Gallery, New York City
2010sA.UAI Football GGOAstro PlanBicycle BoyDragon WarriorVary PeriThe Legend of Lucky PieCupid's ChocolatesSchool ShockPleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf - Joys Of SeasonsPleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf - Smart DodgingPleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf - Happy, Happy, Bang!
And it started off with a bang — with everyone stating what his or her greatest fears were."
The episode had outperformed Yes, Virginia on CBS, which drew only 5.27 million households as well as a repeat of an episode of The Big Bang Theory also on CBS which drew only 4.55 million households.
The FM survey assesses graduate and employer perceptions of which of the schools provides the best experience, most strategic thinkers, most relevant learning, earning power, bang for bucks, and a host of other criteria important to getting ahead.
McCrystal used the new platform to campaign for the resignation of Sir Nicholas Goodison, the chairman of London's Stock Exchange (1976–1988), claiming that he had failed adequately to prepare the Exchange for de-regulation (the so-called Big Bang of 1986) or the government's privatisation programme.
Li Yixiang as Liu Bang, Meng Yi's other sworn brother.
He proclaims himself Hegemon-King of Western Chu and fights with Liu Bang for sovereignty over China.
2018 – Keith Olive: "For outstanding contributions across a broad spectrum of fields including nuclear physics, particle physics, theoretical and observational astrophysics, and cosmology, especially Big Bang nucleosynthesis and the properties of dark matter."
The finals of this competition are held at The Big Bang Fair in March each year to reward young people who have achieved excellence in a science, technology, engineering, or maths project.
Since its opening in 1989, the park has had a succession of different names: Big Bang Schtroumpf (Smurf), Walibi Schtroumpf, Walibi Lorraine and now Walygator Parc.
After a decision was made to abandon the mill, the park was re-designed by Grady Larkins and eventually opened up on May 9, 1989, as Big Bang Schtroumpf.
Clan's season started off with a bang, winning at home in the Challenge Cup against former coach Ryan Finnerty's new team, Manchester Storm.
Then included was a performance space where numerous exhibitions and concerts took place with notable artists and musicians such as the Sun Ra Arkestra, Chavisa Woods, Katherine Arnoldi, John Farris, Susan Scutti, Bob Holman, Ishmael Reed, Billy Bang, and David Hammons.
On January 18, 2010, Jim Cornette announced on an episode of Ring of Honor Wrestling that ROH would make its debut in Charlotte, North Carolina with an Internet-only pay-per-view called "The Big Bang!
In early March, Cornette announced that as a result of Strong being promised a championship match and Aries invoking his rematch clause, a three-way elimination match would occur at The Big Bang!.
It was later announced the Kings of Wrestling would receive a World Tag Team Championship match against the Briscoes at The Big Bang!.
Christopher Daniels returned to ROH for the first time in almost three years at The Big Bang!, making his first appearance since April 28, 2007 to challenge Davey Richards.
Following his failed attempt to regain the World Championship at The Big Bang!, Austin Aries announced his intention to become "the greatest manager that ever lived", and dedicated himself to helping his proteges The All Night Express (Kenny King and Rhett Titus) win the World Tag Team Championship.
 Flash Bang Grenada - "In a Perfect World" from 10 Haters (2011)
Jette Bang (February 4, 1914 – February 16, 1964)  was a Danish photographer and film maker who is remembered for the large collection of photographs and films she took in Greenland, depicting the country and the way of life of its inhabitants before their old culture disappeared.
The daughter of a tobacco merchant, Bang was born in Frederiksberg in 1914.
In 1936, Bang arrived in Greenland for the first time and spent eight months taking photographs of the traditional lifestyle of the Greenlandic Inuit, which was beginning to die out as a result of European influence.
Bang, a good storyteller, was able to provide an excellent account of her experiences.
Jette Bang was the first photographer to take close-up portraits of the Greenlanders.
Bang, Jette: Grønland, Forord af Statsminister Stauning, Indledning af Knud Oldendow, Copenhagen, 1940, 189 pp.
Bang, Jette: Grønlænderbørn, Copenhagen, 1944, 31 pp.
Bang, Jette; Ferdinand, Klaus; Korsholm Nielsen, Hans Chr.
On the big screen, Lee said after her enjoyable experience working with Jeong Jae-eun on Take Care of My Cat, she wanted to work with other female directors, so she starred in Anna Lee's romantic mystery The Recipe (2010) and Bang Eun-jin's crime thriller Perfect Number (2012).
Walsh Bellows began the 2001-02 season with a bang by reaching the final in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Film Big Bang Big Boom is included.
She has had guest roles in numerous TV shows, such as Veep, Bones, The Big Bang Theory, HawthoRNe, NCIS: Los Angeles, and Two and a Half Men.
The show is presented by comedian Carsten Bang and the captains are former professional cyclist Jesper Skibby and comedian Jesper Juhl.
Host Carsten Bang was nominated for Best Host at Zulu Awards 2016.
Staples, Steven, "No Bang for the Buck: Military contracting and public accountability," Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives June 2007
Martin has also done promotions with Foxtel and Bang & Olufsen since the end of the 2017 season.
Popularly known as Humanity's Podcast, it is hosted by writer and comedian Scott Aukerman, best known for his work on the 1990s HBO sketch comedy program Mr. Show with Bob and David, creating and hosting the Comedy Bang!
It frequently appears in the Podmass column, highlighting the best podcasts of each week, and the website named Comedy Bang!
Farid Hamed El Abdellaoui (, born 4 June 1986), known professionally as Farid Bang, is a German rapper of Moroccan-Spanish descent.
Bang has mentioned in songs that he is of Berber origin, while other times he has identified as Arab.
Inspired by his friend Tekken, Bang started rapping at the age of 19 and, with the help of his friend Summer Cem, soon met Eko Fresh, who had already achieved a certain level of fame in Germany.
At this time, Bang was still using the pseudonym Farid Urlaub (parodying German singer Farin Urlaub).
In March 2009, Bang was featured in the song "Westdeutschlands Kings" ("West Germany's kings"), released on Chronik 2, a collaboration album by the Düsseldorf-based hip hop label Selfmade Records.
These ratings were the highest Bang and his label German Dream had ever achieved.
In 2013, Bang released the lead single from Killa titled "Bitte Spitte Toi Lab".
In 2018, Kollegah and Farid Bang were criticized for alleged antisemitic lyrics on their album Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 3, which won the Echo Award for the highest-selling album of 2017.
Chidera Anamege, now known by his stage name Chiddy Bang, is an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Prior to its breakup, Chiddy Bang was an American hip hop duo consisting of Anamege, under the stage name Chiddy, and Noah Beresin, under the stage name Xaphoon Jones.
Chiddy Bang have toured extensively throughout colleges nationwide and hit numerous festivals such as Lollapolooza, Austin City Limits, Bamboozle, Bonnaroo, Wireless Festival, Glastonbury and Electric Forest Festival.
"Opposite of Adults" is a song by American hip hop duo Chiddy Bang.
Bang Goes the Knighthood is the tenth studio album by Irish chamber pop band the Divine Comedy, released on 31 May 2010 by Divine Comedy Records.
After the tour, they played one headliner show at Ukrabilly Bang Festival in Kyiv, Ukraine and some shows in the Czech Republic.
The Saint or Sinner CD came out in late April and the band played in Kyiv at Ukrabilly Bang again.
The Big Bang Theorys Johnny Galecki was one of the international guests.
Chiddy Bang – "Ray Charles" (2011) – UK #13
Fonthip was born on July 19, 1990, and raised in Bang Bo, Samut Prakan.
Zhongli Mo (died 201 BC) was a military general who served the warlord Xiang Yu during the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC), a power struggle between Xiang Yu and Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founder of the Han dynasty.
Han Xin's talent was recognised by Liu Bang and he was appointed by Liu as a general.
Following the collapse of the Qin dynasty in 207 BC, Xiang Yu and Liu Bang began to engage in a power struggle for supremacy over China, historically known as the Chu–Han Contention.
Xiang Yu initially had an advantage over Liu Bang in terms of military strength, but gradually lost popularity and the tide turned in favour of Liu by 203 BC.
Liu Bang emerged victorious in the Chu–Han Contention and unified China under his rule.
When Liu Bang heard that Zhongli Mo had escaped and was hiding in Han Xin's house, he ordered Han to arrest Zhongli, but Han defied the order.
In 201 BC, Liu Bang heard rumours that Han Xin was planning to rebel against him and intended to lead his army to attack Han.
Chen Ping suggested to Liu Bang to take Han Xin by surprise instead, by disguising the attack on Han's domain as an inspection tour.
Han Xin brought Zhongli Mo's head to meet Liu Bang later, and the emperor had Han Xin arrested on charges of treason.
Apart from a lead role on Austin Stories, and a half-hour special on Comedy Central Presents, Kremer's acting work includes recurring roles on  Scare Tactics and the IFC series Comedy Bang!
The single Bang Pop was used on the Pilot episode of sitcom Raising Hope.
Jeremiah, a three-time letterman for the Indians, got his career started with a bang, producing an 18–4 mark in his first year, breaking the team record for wins and post the second-best winning percentage.
Stevens appeared on the television shows Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Late Friday, Premium Blend, The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn, The Test with Jillian Barberie, Late World with Zach, The Best Damn Sports Show Period, Attack of the Show!, Childrens Hospital, Tosh.0, TMZ on TV, Fox NFL Sunday, Conan, Comedy Bang!
The posters received international attention in major news outlets, television shows such as The Big Bang Theory, Marvel's Runaways (TV series) and the motion picture release Replicas (film) starring Keanu Reeves.
Joint albumsA Drop (2005) – with Camille BazbazA Bang (2011) with The Bazbaz OrchestraGarden of Love EP (2013) – with FixiA New Day (2013) with FixiBig Brothers'' (2018) with Fixi
Whan fock, the nippin cauld to bang,
| 7 || Sluggy Freelance: A Very Big Bang!
Bang Geun Tack, who will later become a well-known art critic in Korea, recognized Hyundae-Mihyup's art as Informel.
I thought it was bang out of order."
Gods of Honour is a Hong Kong television series adapted from the 16th-century novel Fengshen Bang (also known as Investiture of the Gods or Creation of the Gods), a Chinese vernacular classic written by Xu Zhonglin and Lu Xixing.
The original 20 km MRT Blue Line from Hualumphong to Bang Sue opened on 3 July 2004.
It runs on an elevated viaduct northward along Charan Sanit Wong Road to Bang O station.
The line continues west along Phet Kasem Road to Lak Song station in Bang Khae, situated near Kanchanaphisek Road or Western Outer Ring road.
Under this agreement, BEM provides maintenance and engineering equipment, including electrical trains, signalling systems, SCADA, communication, platform screen doors and fully operate the system from Hua Lamphong to Bang Sue.
As part of the rapid transit master plan the original MRT Blue Line section was planned to be extended from Hua Lamphong to Lak Song, and from Bang Sue to Tha Phra, forming a circle open-loop route.
The 1.2 km Bang Sue to Tao Poon extension opened on 11 August 2017.
Under the new agreement, BEM will operate the new extensions from Hua Lampong to Lak Song and Bang Sue to Tha Phra.
The MRT Blue line runs from Tha Phra to Lak Song via Bang Sue, Phra Ram 9 and Hua Lamphong, serving 38 stations.
Big Bang — "Gara Gara Go!"
Big Bang — "Koe o Kikasete"
Big Bang — "Gara Gara Go!
The play was staged at Det Norske Teatret in April 1959, directed by Dagmar Myhrvold, with Elisabeth Bang as "Maria", the headmistress, and Liv Thorsen as the young girl "Tora".
At first, it housed the headquarters of the bank, but was renovated in 1992 to serve as a museum on the history of Thai currency, the Bank of Thailand, the Bang Khun Phrom Palace, and the life and work of the Prince Paribatra.
Pleasance then formed Bang in 1983 which included Karen Ansel, Carol Hitchcock, Laurie McRae, Tim Rosewarne, Nick Seymour, Ren Walters, Oleh Witer and Sherine Abeyratne, and disbanded in 1984.
Bang Eun-jin (born August 5, 1965) is a South Korean actress and film director.
Bang made her feature directorial debut with Princess Aurora in 2005, and has since directed Perfect Number (2012), and Way Back Home (2013).
It is also home to Japanese-born Xiong Bang (M) and US-born Mei Lan (M).
Songs written by Bang Si-hyuk
As opposed to their previous songs, the tracks on the mini-album were not written by Park Jin-young, but by Big Hit Entertainment founder and Park's long-time songwriting partner Bang Si-hyuk, who is famous for composing Baek Ji-young's "총 맞은 것처럼" ("Like Being Hit By a Bullet") and 8Eight's "심장이 없어" ("Without a Heart").
Harman's book Evolutions: Fifteen Myths That Explain Our World (Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2018) is an original rendering of the great events in the history of the universe, from the Big Bang to the evolution of consciousness and the birth of humankind.
Bang Ta Dis – Benzino
The song was covered in the mobile rhythm game BanG Dream!
It reunited cast members from programs such as Friends, Cheers, Frasier, Will & Grace, Taxi, The Big Bang Theory, Mike & Molly, and Two and a Half Men.
Fengshen Bang (, The Investiture of the Gods) is one of the major vernacular Chinese epic fantasy novels written in the Ming Dynasty.
"Miracles" is a song written by Insane Clown Posse and Mike E. Clark for Bang!
The music video for the song debuted on April 6, 2010, as part of the "Nuclear Edition" reissue of Bang!
Bang Kil-seung as SWAT commander
The original recordings of Mother Juno were released as Mother Berlin in 2015 on Bang!
‘Gandhi Patrakarita Puraskar’, in memory of late Shri Manoharbabu and late Shri Vinodbabu Bang.
 Best Bang For The Buck - There's great golf to be across Ontario for $65 or less, Ontario Golf Magazine, Mid Summer 2010 Issue
In Los Angeles, Cherry jumps over the wall of the rehab center and hitches a ride to the airport from a nearby motorist, who happens to be Bang staking out the clinic.
Aboard the plane, Bang is astonished when she decides to have an onboard quickie with him.
As revenge for her theft of his cameras and smartphone, Bang kidnaps Cherry outside her hotel at gunpoint, only to realize that the woman he has snatched is Ann.
Chemo decides to let Bang live and hangs onto the photos.
In a touch of poetic justice, Bang finds himself on the receiving end of his profession's notorious indifference to pain and suffering: as he lies in agony on the sidewalk, none of his fellow "shooters" are inclined to give him aid, but just keep snapping pictures of him as he is lifted into an ambulance.
Bang only partially recovers from his bullet-wounding.
The novel drops the names of several real-life celebrities, either as quarry of Bang Abbott, or rivals of Cherry.
About an hour later, at approximately 09:10 EST, the pilots reported hearing a loud bang towards the rear of the aircraft.
For example, the Southern Beam host of Channel [V]’s Big Bang is Allesandra while the Northern Beam counterpart is David Wu.
Carnegie Hall cancelled a concert of the works of Louis Andriessen because pianist Gerard Bouwhuis was stranded in Amsterdam and the Bang on a Can All-Stars were unable to leave Frankfurt.
Jung, brutal, gutaussehend ("Young, violent, handsome") is the first collaborative studio album by German rappers Kollegah and Farid Bang.
Following these rumors, Farid Bang appealed to Kollegah the idea of recording an album.
She got involved because of her good relationship to Farid Bang.
The box features the album, a T-shirt, an autograph card signed by Kollegah and Farid Bang, a poster, and a bonus CD with a new song, titled "Miami Vice".
Overall, the cooperation of Farid Bang and Kollegah did not work well: "Not that both would steal the show from each other – unfortunately no.
Farid Bang would sound like Kollegah most intensive, regarding to his flow and lyrical comparisons.
Although there is not much substance, Farid Bang and Kollegah still "entertain on a high level".
Asphalt Massaka 2 is the second album by German rapper Farid Bang.
In 2010, the documentary was reissued as part of the "Nuclear Edition" of Insane Clown Posse's album Bang!
After leaving the Hammerlock Wrestling Academy he traveled to Florida to wrestle for BANG TV on Fox, Then in January 2002 he moved to Calgary, Alberta, Canada to train with the Hart family.
Faith returned to Florida to wrestle for Dory Funk Jr.'s BANG TV show on Fox and Throwdown on The Brighthouse network.
 Nina Bang (born Nina Henriette Wendeline Ellinger; 1866–1928), a Danish social democratic politician
More recently, she has worked with Bang & Olufsen designing the functional but retro-looking speaker line of BeoLit AirPlay speakers and the BeoPlay Bluetooth speaker lineup for the company.
Other Japanese pornography genres include: group sex (with gang bang as a subgenre), lesbian, and fetishes (particularly foot fetishes).
Since then, Cryptozoic has released over 50 different trading card sets featuring properties such as DC Comics, The Flash, Gotham, The Hobbit, The Big Bang Theory, Ghostbusters, Breaking Bad, Downton Abbey and Outlander.
G. aymonieri is found in the Chao Phraya basin, northern Malay Peninsula, Mekong basin (in Cambodia, Yunnan province in China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam), Mae Klong basin and the Xe Bang Fai River.
Examples include: Space Ghost Coast to Coast, Tim and Eric Nite Live, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, and The Eric Andre Show.
Similarly The Guardian concludes that the "gradual excavation, with its spectral presences, may disappoint those who demand more bang for their buck", but the assured acting and melancholy feel "ensures it lingers longer in the mind than most homegrown genre fare".
Jonathan Meza (born 1983) is an American voice actor who frequently works with dubbing studio Bang Zoom!
The Terrier's second varsity season opened with a bang, going 7-1-0 in the first month of play.
The Swelly Express is a mixtape by American band Chiddy Bang.
 "Intoxication", a single by Shriekback from their Go Bang!
On 12 February 2021, Ora released the EP Bang, with Kazakh producer Imanbek.
 "10 Haters" by Flash Bang Grenada on 10 Haters (2011)
Therefore, there are only a few shrines built to pay homage to Phosop were Wat Siri Wattanaram temple in Taling Chan's Bang Phrom.
He also collaborated with Big Bang for several of their songs, most notably "Sunset Glow."
When Big Bang member Taeyang embarked on a solo career in 2008, Park produced his extended play, Hot.
The following year, Park produced "Lollipop" for a collaboration between Big Bang and 2NE1.
Park also experimented with electronic music when working with Big Bang.
Regarding the two tracks by The Astronauts, the book Pop Surf Culture states "The Astronauts bang out a thick, reverb-laden instrumental called ‘Firewater,’ and their theme song ‘Surf Party’ happens to be one of the best surf instrumentals ever recorded."
"Truth" is the second single released from American band Chiddy Bang.
A spokesperson told Digital Spy: "Zöe was brought into EastEnders for a storyline playing Max's love interest and will go out with a bang.
Hai Duong Campus: 189 Nguyen Luong Bang, Tan Binh Ward, Hai Duong City, Vietnam
In the line "Niggas around the world that think they wanna bang, don't get your ass caught up like Lil Wayne", Ice Cube is referring to Wayne's alleged confrontation by rapper (and rival Crip gang member) 40 Glocc.
"Rain on Me", a song by Corey Hart from Bang!
 UNIVERSES - THE BIG BANG (2010 release, TCG Books)
At the previous show, The Big Bang, Claudio Castagnoli and Chris Hero (collectively known as The Kings of Wrestling) defeated Jay and Mark Briscoe for the titles.
In the interim, Colt Cabana reached out to Generico and together they challenged Steen and Corino on multiple occasions, leading to a tag match at The Big Bang PPV, which saw Generico stand up to his former partner for the first time.
Accepted physical theory indicates that at the Big Bang equal quantities of matter and antimatter were created.
Publications: UNIVERSES-THE BIG BANG (2017 release- TCG Books);
Publications: UNIVERSES-THE BIG BANG (2010 release- TCG Books); 
There was also an 'old road' ('gu dao') west of the Qinling portion which Liu Bang used for his initial breakout of the Han valley.
 Bang on a Can All-Stars - Brian Eno: Music for Airports (Live)
The first season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory was originally aired on CBS from September 24, 2007, to May 19, 2008, over 17 episodes.
The second pilot of The Big Bang Theory was directed by James Burrows, who did not continue with the show.
Tom Shales of The Washington Post gave the show a positive review, saying "Big Bang is the funniest new sitcom of the season".
The Big Bang Theory seasons
{{Episode list/sublist|The Big Bang Theory (season 2)
The third season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory was originally aired on CBS from September 21, 2009, to May 24, 2010, with 23 episodes.
The Doctor creates a diversion for the Dalek, allowing him to rig the Pandorica to fly into the TARDIS explosion, using what exists of the original universe inside the Pandorica to create a second Big Bang.
He bases this insight on scientific details like the lowest temperature reachable (t →0) and knowing that the beginning of Big Bang (T →0) is like the "horizon" which is never fully attainable.
 Bang Pa-In Palace
He worked as a radio producer whilst he trained in music, and later launched a studio in England, writing scores for American television, including Two and a Half Men, 30 Rock, 90210, and The Big Bang Theory, as well as producing music for the Super Bowl between 2010 and 2014.
It was first completed and screened for audiences at numerous film festivals in 2007, including the Winnipeg International Film Festival in Canada, the da Vinci Film Festival in Oregon, Philadelphia's Big Bang Film Festival, Another Hole in the Head Film Festival in San Francisco, and Southern California's FAIFF International Film Festival.
On February 14, 2000, coinciding with the Manila station's 25th anniversary, Love Radio was relaunched its new logo and carried the tagline "Kailangan pa bang i-memorize 'yan?
Bang, J. H.; Suslick, K. S. "Sonochemical Synthesis of Nanosized Hollow Hematite" J.
Bang, J. H.; Suslick, K. S. "Applications of Ultrasound to the Synthesis of Nanostructured Materials" Advanced Materials 2010, 22, 1039–1059.
It was recorded at the Bang Your Head!!!
 Blue House by Christopher Nelson, selected by Mary Jo Bang
was used to advertise the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory on E4 in the United Kingdom.
The 2nd Battalion assured a part of the garrison of Lang Son and Dap Cay, while the motorized detachment joined Cao Bang.
At Ha Giang, Yen Bay, and Cao Bang, French forces disappeared.
Nevertheless, the 304th division controlled the RC6 and hoped to make Hoa Binh a renewed version of Cao Bang.
He first played bass in a band called Bang.
When the members of Bang met vocalist Ray West, Spread Eagle was born.
Comedian Paul F. Tompkins plays a parody of Buddy Valastro on the Comedy Bang!
Bang Joon-seo as Jung Ha-som
During an interview with Squareenixmusic.com's Greg O'Connor Read he was asked if he would return for the last game to which he had stated "I'd love to return to the series[...]", and when asked how he would end it he said "[...] it would be great to end the series with a bang!".
20 – Billy Bang, American violinist and composer (died 2011).
Air Transat Flight 961, an Airbus A310, on 6 March 2005, catastrophic structural failure: the rudder detached from the aircraft with a loud bang.
 Till They Bang On the Door (GroundUp, 2016)
Susan, while planning for the Bang and Burn operation, then sent Company agents to eliminate Sofia, Sucre and him but this ultimately fails.
קלאַפּ): a loud bang or wallop (German klopfen = "to knock")
Per Bang (29 November 1922 – 24 April 2010) was a Norwegian journalist.
Bang was active in Amnesty International and Nei til atomvåpen.
When the car returns to the station and riders disembark (after a sudden stop), they pass a steel door from behind which something begins to suddenly  bang very loudly.
After the last existing proton decays, they are amazed to discover that the now empty universe undergoes another Big Bang, and furthermore that it replicates the same universe and its exact events, as opposed to having unique inhabitants and history.
Bang Klang Hao, together with Khun Pha Mueang of Mueang Rat, decided to rebel and declare independence from Angkor.
Bang Klang Hao captured Si Satchanalai and gave it to Pha Mueang.
Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao was then declared king at Sukhothai, taking a regnal name of Sanskrit origin, Si Inthrathit, translated from "Adityan Indra".
He has also written music for the Danish film company Zentropa for Lars Von Trier's "Melancholia" (2011), Tju Bang Film and German "Meeres Stille" (2013) as well as for radio: DR, NKR, Hungarian Radio, Den Kongelige Ballet, Det Kongelige Teater, dance companies, installations in collaborations with visual artists.
He entered the literary circles with a bang in late 1940s when he wrote Shibli ki hayat-i-muashaqa, a research work that unearthed the love-life of Shibli Nomani, a renowned Muslim scholar, and tried to portray him as a human in the light of Freudian theories.
You're supposed to have the Big Bang Theory working for you, which is gonna last the 50 or 60 times you listen to it on the 'Walkman'."
The Nibblonians are an ancient race that came into existence 17 years before the moment of the Big Bang.
 Writing about the Big Bang in 2006
Chiddy Bang remixed it in September 2011.
 "Young Blood" (Chiddy Bang Remix) – 3:32
Using these quasars, he has shown that supermassive black holes with masses up to 10 million solar masses existed within one billion years after the big bang.
Georges Lemaître (1894–1966) – Belgian priest and father of the Big Bang theory
Save for the first five elements, which were produced in the Big Bang and other cosmic ray processes, stellar nucleosynthesis accounted for the abundance of all elements heavier than boron.
The Big Bang is thought to be the origin of the hydrogen (including all deuterium) and helium in the universe.
The Big Bang also produced small amounts of lithium, beryllium and perhaps boron.
These occurred after the Big Bang, during star formation.
The JWST will observe the history of the universe from the moments following the Big Bang through the formation of solar systems, including our own.
He has also written on other popular shows such as The Big Bang Theory and Modern Family.
It lies in a valley off Highway 3213 and is located southeast of the town of Khao Bang Kraek.
A.C. Perugia were relegated from Serie A with a bang, following a chaotic season, in which president Luciano Gaucci managed to upset the Italian football society, by claiming that the referees' were deliberately trying to relegate Perugia to Serie B.
During this period she also began appearing as a substitute for the female singers in the Bay Area party band, Big Bang Beat, as well as making occasional appearances with Jefferson Starship and filling in for other local bands.
Bắc Giang's history is traced to the Hùng kings of the Hong Bang period, when Vietnam was known as Văn Lang.
In the karstic limestone formations (also known as carbonate karst), which occupy 5% of the natural forest area of Vietnam Long Son and Cai Bang have an important place in the floral and faunal wealth of the forests.
Bang Young-ung (1942~)(방영웅)
2008 started with a bang with the signing of Norwegian bands Dreampilots and Humming People, and the Portland electro-pop group Paper Rings.
Best International Film: Blu with Big Bang, Big Boom
Holy Soap describe Gabby's most memorable moment as being: "She arrived on the soap with a bang when she got hit by a car."
Push, Push (Lady Lightning) - Written and Performed by Bang Camaro.
"Let Me Bang 2009"
 Bang for your Buck,
Solar is the first studio album by South Korean singer Taeyang, a member of boy group Big Bang.
Bang on a Can marathon (NY) as well as additional concerts in Mexico, Estonia, Tel Aviv and South America.
NewAm have been compared to Bang on a Can, who also built their own label, community, and performance circuit, in a similar manner, 20 years ago.
The difference, however, between the two is that Bang on a Can shared a common musical aesthetic — minimalism — whereas NewAm is more of a musical umbrella.
 "Boom shaka-laka", lyric from the 2012 Big Bang song "Fantastic Baby"
Jordanova wrote music for ensembles such as The California EAR Unit,  Zeitgeist, Bang On The Can All Stars, Creative Voices, and CurvedAir.
und macht auch des Alltags Gedränge dich bang!
It is located between Phra Nangklao Bridge (upstream) and Rama V Bridge (downstream), connects Nonthaburi 1 Road, on the east side of the river, and Bang Si Mueang - Wat Bot Don Phrom Road and Ratchaphruek Road, on the west side of the river.
The project has a total length of approximately , consisting of an interchange at Nonthaburi 1 Road, a 6-lane extradosed concrete bridge with  long main span and the total length of , an intersection at Bang Si Mueang - Wat Bot Don Phrom Road, and a 6-lane at-grade road to an interchange at Ratchaphruek Road.
Dombroski is also the lead vocalist and co-founder of The Lucid alongside bassist David Ellefson (ex Megadeth), guitarist Drew Fortier (ex Bang Tango), and drummer Mike Heller (Fear Factory, Raven).
In 1993, Rabbi Aryeh Kaplan wrote that the Big Bang occurred "approximately 15 billion years ago", calling this "the same conclusion" as the 13th century kabbalists.
The winners of the regional finals go on to the UK final held at the Big Bang Event.
The estimates by Peter Temin, Angus Maddison, Branko Milanovic and Peter Fibiger Bang follow the basic method established by Goldsmith, varying mainly only in their set of initial numbers; these are then stepped up to estimations of the expenditure checked by those on the income side.
The First Battle of Ap Bau Bang occurred on 11–12 November 1965.
Fire Support Base 20 was located in relatively flat terrain 1.5 km north of the village of Ap Bau Bang and immediately west of Route 13.
The Americans concluded that the VC mortar positions were 1.5–2 kilometers west of Ap Bau Bang in and around an old village that had been destroyed.
Colonel Haszard then alerted the 1st Platoon of Troop B and the 3rd Platoon of Troop C to the north and south of Ap Bau Bang respectively to move to Fire Support Base 20.
Jassi – Back with a Bang is the ninth studio album by Punjabi singer Jasbir Jassi, released on 16 July 2010 worldwide.
It was acquired for North American distribution by Geneon and released on DVD with an English dub by Bang Zoom!
Ueno has also written for such ensembles as the So Percussion Group, Bang on a Can All-Stars, San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, Del Sol String Quartet, Prism Quartet, and eighth blackbird.
Peter Fibiger Bang (born 25 June 1973) is a Danish historian of Rome, empire, cross-cultural comparison and world history.
In 2002, Bang was appointed assistant professor in the department of history at the University of Copenhagen before defending his PhD in Cambridge in the summer of 2003.
Bang has authored, edited or co-edited thirteen volumes as of December 2021, as well as written a substantial number of articles, chapter contributions, reviews and essays.
In addition to his academic activities, Bang writes on an occasional basis for the Danish newspaper, Weekendavisen.
"Digital Bounce", which features rapper T.O.P of Big Bang, was described as an electronic club song.
Strategic Management (Hak Hyun Sa; Seoul 1995), Co-authored with Ho-Yeol Bang
For example, after the airing of the Big Bang episodes, some viewers complained that the band won too easily.
 "With A Bang To Mute Our Whimpers" - 2:27   
Bang – Italian manufacturer, later 1980s, specializing in 1:43 Ferraris, picked up where Box Models left off.
 Box Model – Made by Grassini & Co. Italian manufacturer in the early 1980s of mainly Ferraris that later split & became Bang models & Best models.
Top Model – 1:43 diecast Ferraris, Alfas, Aston-Martins, Renault Alpines and others in the spirit of Box or Bang.
 Jo Byung-gi as Lee Bang 
Analogously, the Big Bang is replaced by the Big Bounce before which the Universe was the interior of a black hole.
"But," said the engineer, "that means you go slap bang through the Hex River Mountains."
The Great Split examines the Big Bang Theory; The Expanding Universe explores the acceleration of the process, The Hobok: The Cosmic Web gives a detailed account of the structure and texture of the universe as described in one Qur'anic word.
Searle's work focused on the conditions of the Big Bang and the early universe, and on the formation of heavy elements in stars.
Works by Perich have been commissioned for Bang on a Can festival held at Lincoln Center in New York City.
Works of Perich have been performed by the Bang on a Can-ensemble, Calder Quartet and Meehan/Perkins.
 June 16 – Ryan Bang, Korean actor and comedian
Salomon’s Backyard Bang has since expanded globally to include contests in Denver, Tahoe, and Germany.
Big Bang is the fifth studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari, released in 1995.
Yeah, it was looking [to] bang but the jeet will have [to] wait [un]till next time" however the official boardmasters site has consoled fans saying the wait will be worth it with ‘the best lineup to date’ being ready to go in August 2021.
Bang, an only child, was born on June 16, 1991 to a government official father and housewife mother.
In August 2010, Bang became one of the judges in Showtime, and stayed on as judge as from August 16, 2010 until October 8, 2011.
It was announced on May 24, 2011 that he released a new album entitled I Lilly Lilly Like It: Ryan Bang Party Party Hits!.
In January 2013, the Bureau of Internal Revenue filed a tax evasion complaint with the Department of Justice against Bang for failure to pay his 2010 and 2011 taxes.
In February 2013, Bang stated that he would like to make a personal appearance at the BIR to apologize for the incident.
The low-temperature cosmic background radiation would not originate from the Big Bang but from metallic dust made from supernovae, radiating the energy of stars.
2012 Hugh Ross, Founder and President of Reasons to Believe, spoke on "Theistic Implications of Big Bang Cosmology."
Gerald Schroeder, Lecturer at The Aish HaTorah College of Jewish Studies in Jerusalem, Israel gave a talk titled "Genesis and the Big Bang."
Utada also promoted the album by appearing on radio shows through late November and early December, including appearances on Artist Special, Au On Air Music Chart, Bang!
Several other artists joined them on the road including, Chiddy Bang and Xaphoon Jones, Mike Posner, Bad Rabbits, and Far East Movement.
'''s mobile rhythm game BanG Dream!
Justin Chang of Variety said that Hanna is "an exuberantly crafted chase thriller that pulses with energy from its adrenaline-pumping first minutes to its muted bang of a finish".
Bang (Brother) Zul, as he was known, remained close to the people of his hometown in Lampung and would present assistance in times of disaster.
Indications of Creation in Contemporary Big Bang Cosmology.
Indications of Supernatural Design in Big Bang Cosmology (Journal of Ultimate Reality and Meaning, Vol 27:4, December 2004) pp 265–287
The first documentary, "Cosmic Origins", featured Nobel Laureate Arno Penzias, who discovered background radiation from the Big Bang.
Ban Pong, a village in Bang Pong commune
The song features rapper Chiddy of the group Chiddy Bang.
 Seasons 3 and 4: 40-year-old Dong Bang Shin Ki
Since Heon-tae is a trained alpine skier, he is approached by Coach Bang who wants to recruit members for a new national ski jumping team for the approaching 1998 Winter Olympics.
Sung Dong-il - Coach Bang
He also choreographed for South Korean pop/R&B singer Seven and helped train other YG Entertainment artists like Big Bang.
It has featured artists such as the Kronos Quartet, Bang on a Can All Stars, BBC Ulster Orchestra, Sir James Galway, Katia and Marielle Labèque, Augustin Dumay, Anne Akiko Meyers, Dmitry Sitkovetsky, Jan Vogler, Raphael Wallfisch, Jeffrey Zeigler, Jonathan Lemalu, Brodsky Quartet, Fitzwilliam Quartet, Houston Winds, Jeremy Denk, Awadagin Pratt, Kirill Troussov, among many others.
The Strangeloves' only LP, I Want Candy, was released in 1965 on Bert Berns' songwriter label Bang Records, with several of the album songs having been released as singles.
While with The Strangeloves, Goldstein contributed to bringing The McCoys aboard Bang Records.
The current Miss World Vietnam titleholder is Lương Thùy Linh from Cao Bang, who was crowned on Aug 3, 2019 in Danang.
Hercules' sister, the Greek goddess Athena, believing the current reality is irreparably metaphysically corrupt, and wishing to start fresh with a new Big Bang, is revealed as Mikaboshi's accomplice.
She is best known for her work with 4Kids Entertainment, Bang Zoom!
The fourth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory, began airing on CBS on September 23, 2010.
Mayim fits in perfectly in The Big Bang Theory cast and played off of Kaley Cuoco just as well as Emmy Award-winning Parsons".
Also offered was Beologic, a tool to develop and run state/event parts of applications, that had been licensed from Bang & Olufsen and integrated with the Ada compiler system.
These fossorial rodents bang their head against the walls of their tunnels, which was initially interpreted as part of their tunnel building behaviour.
Dirk's 2019 international feature "1979 BIG BANG OF THE PRESENT" is roller-coaster documentary about the pivotal events and protagonists that in 1979 gave birth to our present time.
1979 Big Bang of the Present (2019), co-director & coproducer (with Pascal Verroust)
To be eligible, contestants had to download Crash Boom Bang!
At the start of the 20th century, Vương Chính Đức, a member of the H'Mông people, was appointed the Bang Tá and he had the family residence expanded into a mansion from where he worked.
 Bang Kil-seung as drill instructor
Piper is also known for her appearance on iCarly as the Crying Sunshine Girl and also for many television guest appearances on popular series including Big Bang Theory and Modern Family.
The stage crew rebuilt the stage to the full width of the auditorium but were still limited to twelve feet due to a Chancel Arch bang in the middle.
The Belfast Telegraph called it "hard-hitting and poignant—a gritty two-parter that ensured the much-loved show went out with a bang."
"Tell Me Goodbye" is a song released by the South Korean boy band Big Bang.
It's the group's fourth Japanese single and second single from the album Big Bang 2 (2011).
"Beautiful Hangover" is a single by the South Korean hip-hop group Big Bang.
The Preview is the second extended play by American hip hop duo Chiddy Bang.
Alongside positive sales figures, The Preview received generally positive reviews from both critics and fans alike, with some dubbing Chiddy Bang as "Philadelphia's Next Big Thing".
A recording of 2×5 by Bang on a Can was released on September 14, 2010 along with Reich's Pulitzer Prize-winning Double Sextet on the album Double Sextet/2×5.
Gerald Schroeder in "The Big Bang Creation: God or the Laws of Nature" explains that "The Grand Design breaks the news, bitter to some, that … to create a universe from absolute nothing God is not necessary.
… [That is,] there can have been a big bang creation without the help of God, provided the laws of nature pre-date the universe.
But when it comes to the laws that explain the big bang, we are in murkier waters."
 David Guetta with Sia & Fetty Wap for Bang My Head
In Canada, the episode was watched by 2.70 million viewers, placing second for the week behind the fourth season premiere of The Big Bang Theory, which was watched by 3.11 million viewers.
Long Ju fought on the Chu side in the Chu–Han Contention against Xiang Yu's rival, Liu Bang.
Ying Bu barely managed to escape under the protection of his bodyguards and went to join Liu Bang.
Liu Bang had just overthrown the Qin dynasty and captured the Qin heartland of Guanzhong.
According to an earlier promise by King Huai II of Chu, Liu Bang would become "King of Guanzhong".
However, Xiang Yu was dissatisfied that Liu Bang had beaten him in the race to Guanzhong and wanted to kill Liu.
Acting on the advice of Fan Zeng, Xiang Yu lured Liu Bang into a trap under the pretext of inviting Liu to attend a banquet at Hong Gate.
Xiang Zhuang followed Fan Zeng's instructions and attempted to thrust his sword at Liu Bang on numerous instances.
Xiang Bo prevented Xiang Zhuang from killing Liu Bang by blocking Xiang Zhuang or shielding Liu with his body whenever Xiang Zhuang thrust his sword towards Liu.
He was an uncle of the warlord Xiang Yu, who competed with Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founder of the Han dynasty, for supremacy over China in the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC).
Xiang Bo is best known for preventing another nephew of his, Xiang Zhuang, from assassinating Liu Bang at the Feast at Hong Gate in 206 BC.
Liu Bang occupied Guanzhong (heartland of Qin) and remained there until Xiang Yu's army arrived.
Xiang Yu was unhappy that Liu Bang had beat him in the race to Guanzhong and wanted to attack Liu.
Zhang Liang brought Xiang Bo with him to meet Liu Bang and Xiang told Liu everything.
Liu Bang knew that he was not powerful enough to resist Xiang Yu, and planned to use Xiang Bo to help him avoid the conflict.
Xiang Bo returned to camp later and successfully persuaded Xiang Yu to give Liu Bang a chance to explain himself.
The next day, Liu Bang attended the banquet hosted by Xiang Yu at Hong Gate and affirmed his loyalty to the latter.
During the feast, Fan Zeng hinted to Xiang Yu numerous times to kill Liu Bang but Xiang ignored him.
Fan Zeng left his seat and called for Xiang Zhuang, instructing the latter to pretend to perform a sword dance and find an opportunity to assassinate Liu Bang.
Starting in late 206 BC, Xiang Yu and Liu Bang engaged in a power struggle for supremacy over China, historically known as the Chu–Han Contention.
Liu Bang became the emperor and established the Han dynasty.
Liu Bang was grateful to Xiang Bo for saving his life during the Feast at Hong Gate so he pardoned Xiang Bo and his family.
He has appeared in television series including Grimm, Heroes, CSI: Miami, Boston Legal, Medium, Nip/Tuck, NYPD Blue, Murder One, Without a Trace, The West Wing, The Big Bang Theory and 24 for which he got nominated for an ALMA Award.
8th: Yeshe Dzin, dharmaguru of King Gedun Bang.
General stations were called, and the ship began to make way downstream towards the Naval Ordnance Department in Bang Na.
It was the brainchild of Cape paddler Dave Alexander and a local Department of Water Affairs engineer, Knut Olav "KO" Bang.
After The Electric Company stopped making new episodes, she joined the rotating cast of Reading Under the Influence, and appeared in episodes of The Big Bang Theory and Desperate Housewives.
Bang!, Doug Loves Movies, Getting Doug with High, The Grandma's Virginity Podcast, The Nerdist Podcast, Comedy Film Nerds, Stop Podcasting Yourself, The Adam Carolla Show, You Made It Weird with Pete Holmes, All Growz Up with Melinda Hill WTF with Marc Maron, and The Art of Wrestling with Colt Cabana.
In 205 BC, Shen Yang surrendered to Liu Bang and his kingdom became the Henan Commandery of the Hàn Empire.
Later that year, Hán Xin attacked the Hán kingdom with support from Liu Bang and defeated Zheng Chang.
In 202 BC, Xiang was defeated by Liu Bang in the Battle of Gaixia and committed suicide.
Sima Xin and Dong Yi surrendered to Liu Bang.
In 205 BC, during the Chu–Han Contention, Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Pengcheng.
The following year, Liu Bang attacked Xiang Yu at the Battle of Chenggao.
Liu Bang lured Cao Jiu (曹咎), the defending general, to pursue and attack him.
In 205 BC, during the Chu–Han Contention, Liu Bang was defeated by Xiang Yu at the Battle of Pengcheng, and Sima Xin and Dong Yi defected to Xiang's side.
Despite attacking Generico, Steen had refused to accept any challenge to step into the ring with his former partner, until he was forced into a match at April's iPPV The Big Bang!.
This led to a title match at The Big Bang!
Both men had wrestled in the company's first show The Era of Honor Begins and worked regularly for the company until 2007; coincidentally both returned in 2010 making unannounced returns at the iPPVs Glory By Honor IX and The Big Bang!, respectively, with a wish to win the ROH World Championship.
 Bang Gui-Man 102 vs.  Rinat Ibragimov 000
"Gang Bang Shit"- 4:51 (featuring Squeak Ru)
Bang is the sixteenth overall and eleventh North American album by the a cappella group Rockapella.
He confirmed the tracks "Tonight", "California Sad-Eyed Girl", and "4U4Now4Life" from their live concerts would be on the album, tentatively named Bang.
True to his word, Bang was released on September 21, 2010 in a solely digital format via iTunes, Amazon.com, and their website, while physical CD copies of the album became available on October 12.
I picked out the pop-pop-pop of a Browning automatic rifle followed by the steady bang of American 30-calibre machine guns and then the unmistakable three-second bursts like silk being loudly torn of Chinese AK 47s.
He was ordained at Our Savior's Church in Oslo 20 March 1903 by Bishop Anton Christian Bang.
He served as a political adviser to Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
He joined Liu Bang in around 207 BC when Liu rebelled against the Qin dynasty.
Liu Bang disliked scholars and did not want to meet Li Yiji.
Li Yiji chided Liu Bang for his rude behaviour upon meeting the latter.
Liu Bang was embarrassed and he apologised, and then asked Li Yiji for ideas on how to conquer Chenliu.
Li Yiji returned to Chenliu and attempted to persuade the magistrate to surrender to Liu Bang, but the magistrate refused.
Li Yiji then led his men to kill the magistrate and sent a messenger to Liu Bang.
Liu Bang gained more than 10,000 new troops and many supplies after conquering Chenliu.
Liu Bang initially applauded Li Yiji's idea, but he dismissed Li's plan later after listening to Zhang Liang's opinion that the states were more likely to support Western Chu instead as Chu was superior to Han in terms of military might.
Later that year, Li Yiji volunteered to persuade the rival Qi kingdom to surrender to Liu Bang.
After Liu Bang became emperor and established the Han dynasty in 202 BC, he enfeoffed Li Yiji's son, Li Jie (), as the Marquis of Gaoliang ().
The Chinese term gaoyang jiutu (), which originated from the remark made by Li Yiji when Liu Bang refused to see him, is used to describe someone who indulges heavily in alcohol and behaves in a wanton and unrestrained manner.
The group established themselves in the Korean music scene in March 2009, with the release of "Lollipop", a collaboration with label mates Big Bang.
I go in and teach radical feminism, bang, the room explodes. ...
The walls along the ramp describe the Big Bang.
South Korean singer Taeyang began his career as the main vocalist of the K-Pop and hip-hop group Big Bang.
The single was released first, followed by an EP of remixes, Bang – The Remixes, which includes remixes by Buraka Som Sistema and DJ Sega.
Bang (Clean Version) [feat.
Bang (WTF I Asked For a Kuduro Remix) [feat.
Bang (Buraka Carnival Remix) [feat.
South Korean singer-songwriter, rapper and record producer G-Dragon began his career as a member of South Korean boy band Big Bang.
(Ik ben echt niet bang!
HEARding Cats will start off the year with a bang by Thomas Crone, Special to the St Louis Beacon - published January 13, 2010
The new widow was horrified to find one night that a party of Indians had surrounded the house and she had the children put on boots and clump around and bang doors so that those outside would thing there was a part of cowboys in the house.
Bang Zaitun : A group leader of a small orchestra group.
Concerts are put on by the promotion at prominent local venues at the end of each state's visit, and have featured artists such as T-Pain, Avicii, Big Boi (of OutKast), Chiddy Bang, Dev, Big Sean, and past College Battle of the Bands finalists.
 Bing Bang Bong, That's a Pirate Song
The Wiggles introduce Captain Feathersword, but he answers with "Bing Bang Bong" and other nonsense phrases.
Song: "Bing Bang Bong (That's A Pirate Song)"
 Bing Bang Bong (That's A Pirate Song) – 1:17
"All We Are" (live video from Bang Your Head Festival 2005)
He has dated the K-pop singers Bang Min-ah and Yoo So-young, and is currently single.
His posters are featured in many films and documentaries, including the Runnin' Down a Dream As a comic book artist, his work appeared regularly in Image Comics Big Bang Comics and other titles in the 1990s
The Big Bang Theory Edition
Philadelphia hip hop band Chiddy Bang sampled The Knocks' "Blackout" for their single "Here We Go" (featuring Q-Tip) from their EP The Preview.
Chiddy Bang subsequently sampled The Knocks' "When You've Got Music" and "Dancing with the DJ" for their mixtape Peanut Butter and Swelly.
Notable students include Mojdeh Delshad, Akhil Datta-Gupta, and Bang Vishal.
They followed that game with 2009's Big Bang Mini—also for DS, and then later OMG: Our Manic Game for Windows Phone 7.
George Gamow, theoretical physicist and cosmologist, discovered alpha decay via quantum tunneling and Gamow factor in stellar nucleosynthesis, introduced the Big Bang nucleosynthesis theory, predicted cosmic microwave background
Members of the bang Kim Breitburg, Evgeniy Fridland and Vadim Botnaruk invented a system for searching for young talented musicians and promoting them via partnering radio stations.
Syndicated programming on WNBD-LD includes Rachael Ray, The Real,  The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and The Big Bang Theory.
After dubbing it a weaker version of "Toxic", he said, "And that just leaves us here with a song ['Poison'] which is all stomp and huff, a dramatic bang of a thing, which seeks to drag all the bad girls to the dancefloor so they can holler their evil intentions to into the faces of nervous men.
Scientists hope to find older galaxies; however, closer to the Big Bang, fewer exist and they are dimmer on average.
The James Webb telescope should be able to detect galaxies more than 13.4 billion light years away, less than 300 million years after the Big Bang.
Mića Jovanović, the rector and owner of Megatrend University, wrote a preface for the Serbian edition of Avant le Big Bang.
 3 minutes pour comprendre la grande théorie du Big Bang (preface by John Mather, end notes by Luis Gonzalez-Mestres, Éditions Le Courrier du Livre, October 2014,
They played their first show in ten years in Chicago 2007 Powerfest  They also played in Keep It True festival in 2007, on Bang Your Head!!!
The Water Boys-And A Bang On The Ear
Lily meets a boy named Dean in the episode Bang on the Drum and begins to date him from then to the eleventh episode of season three in which she gets together with Brad on Lily's sixteenth birthday.
 Liu Wenzhi as Liu Bang
PSAs featuring Elisabeth Shue from CSI, Kaley Cuoco from The Big Bang Theory, and Alyson Hannigan from How I Met Your Mother encouraged viewers to learn the facts, including the benefits of early detection and the importance of mammograms in saving lives.
in the TV fantasy series Bantatay of GMA Network, as one of the performers in P.O.5 of TV5, and as a correspondent in 30w POwhz with Ryan Bang of ABS-CBN's affiliate station Studio 23.
She won “Honorary Mention” for the video, “Improvising Violin: Four Personal Views, featuring Leroy Jenkins, John Blake, Jr., Billy Bang, and herself, which she helped write, direct, and moderate.
| Best New Actress || Carolina Bang || 
It was designed to investigate residual radiation from the Big Bang and gamma flares in deep space.
The mission was of Investigation of residual radiation from the Big Bang and gamma flares in deep space, and solar corpuscular and electromagnetic radiation plasma flows and magnetic fields in circumterrestrial space to determine the effects of solar activity on the interplanetary medium and the earth's magnetosphere.
For the remainder of the race, they continued to beat and bang on each other.
Since the release of Bang!
It is the third album from the group to debut in the top 5 and ties The Amazing Jeckel Brothers and Bang!
Antara has sung numerous children's songs in Bengali to her credit namely 'Bulbul Pakhi Moyena Tiye','O Shona Bang,'O Ayere Chhute Aaye','Ek Je Chhilo Machhi' and many, others all composed and written by her legendary father which created a history in the field of children's songs in Bengal in the late 70's.
  Lucy Jane Bledsoe, The Big Bang Symphony: A Novel of Antarctica, P 210
"I Rule the Ruins", Bang Your Head!!!
"Burning the Witches", Bang Your Head!!!
| 8ME: Night of Bang 5
It is especially applicable for long term migration projects, where a big bang approach cannot be applied.
"Joy Bang One Time" (London, Tantrum, Warwick) - 3:33
Hiram Fuller is Libyan, while Sung-Yoon Bang is South Korean.
The videos were shot for the songs such as "Too Fake" featuring Chiddy Bang, "What U Doin' (Bullshittin')", "Ambiguous" featuring Mike Posner and Clinton Sparks, "Crazy", "Supa Dupa Lemonade", "Hometown", "Final Hour", "Made" featuring Drake, and "High Rise".
Craig Schwetje  in the mini-series Generation Kill, as Kurt (Penny's former love interest) in The Big Bang Theory, and as the Alpha Werewolf Ennis on Teen Wolf.
 HE-FRAG and flash bang grenades
The Big Bang Theory characters
"Local groups to give bang for the baroque."
Big Bang Objects: Introduced in Reflec Beat: The Reflesia of Eternity, these are much wider than regular Objects.
On lower difficulty levels, as of Reflec Beat: The Reflesia of Eternity, only Vertical and Big Bang Objects are used.
He is the author of The Little Book of the Big Bang published in 1998 by Springer-Verlag, which was translated into six languages.
This season aired on Thursdays at 8:30 p.m., following The Big Bang Theory, in the United States.
He has appeared on several scientific and popular televsion programmes, such as the  Horizon (BBC TV series) programme: the Secret Life of the Dog  and  Bang Goes the Theory.
The Big Bang Theory—Picked up for two additional seasons on January 12, 2011, running through its seventh season in 2013/14.
Sven Bang Ullring (born 16 December 1935) is a Norwegian engineer and businessperson.
Details of the results were revealed on BBC1 in Can You Train Your Brain?, a Bang Goes the Theory special and published on the same day in Nature.
In result Seungyoon was chosen as a model alongside fellow Superstar K2 contestants Huh Gak, John Park, Jang Jae-in and artists Big Bang, 2NE1 and Psy.
The contract united Diamond's Columbia, UNI/MCA, and Bang catalogues of recorded music for the first time, encompassing the artist's entire body of recorded work.
Bang Dae-du (Hangul: 방대두, Hanja: 方大斗; born October 14, 1954 in Gyeongsan, Gyeongsangbuk-do) is a retired South Korean Greco-Roman wrestler.
Penrose's basic construction is to connect a countable sequence of open Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric (FLRW) spacetimes, each representing a Big Bang followed by an infinite future expansion.
2010 Nightmoves Award winner – Best Parody (Editor's Choice), The Big Bang Theory: A XXX Parody
From his home studio setup, Oye has had his music placed in shows such as Lost, CSI, American Horror Story, The Knick, Big Bang Theory, Pretty Little Liars, and Hawaii Five-O.
The earliest image of the Buddha in Laos was influenced by the ‘Pha Bang Khmer style’ but started to become more distinctive in the 16th century along with the golden age.
For example, the tightly curled hair that is displayed on the main Buddha is strongly reminiscent of the Gandhara style of India during the Gupta period, which is mirrored by the Pha Bang.
Derivatives: chocar 'to bang, to shock', chocallo 'cowbell'.
Baby Likes To Bang is the second studio album by singer Zayra released on September 14, 2010 by Brando Records.
 Baby Likes To Bang
Galena and pyrite tuners continuously draw local, short wave and outer space signals echoing the Big Bang.
Sobat's books include the Young Adult/ New Adult novels Jamie's Got a Gun (a graphic novel illustrated by Spyder Yardley-Jones), Not With A Bang, Ingamald, A Winter's Tale, A Glass Darkly, Gravity Journal, Chance to Dance for You and a picture book, In the Graveyard, illustrated by artist, Spyder Yardley-Jones.
R. Ross Annett Award for Children's Literature, nomination for Not With a Bang, 2014.
Edmonton Public Library's 2013 Alberta Readers' Choice long list nomination, Not With a Bang.
He has written and produced for a number of notable television series namely Kenan & Kel, Drake & Josh, Married to the Kellys, All That, Less than Perfect, Hype, Zoey 101, iCarly, The Big Bang Theory and most recently Rules of Engagement.
Cæsar Boeck Bang was born at Drammen in Buskerud, Norway.
Eros Vlahos (born 13 January 1995) is an English actor and comedian, known for his roles as Cyril Gray in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, Jake Farley in Summer in Transylvania, and Lommy Greenhands in Game of Thrones.
 Bang & Olufsen A/S
Following the second episode, Simon Abrams from Slant Magazine awarded the show three and a half stars out of a possible four; "To say that Darabont has kicked his series off with a bang would be a serious understatement ... [he] has fashioned a fully realized alternate reality and it's a thrilling thing to experience."
 Anders Hatlo as Preben Bang
She is best known for playing the role of Priya Koothrappali in The Big Bang Theory.
But after her awkward trip downstairs in exotic pajamas—which are not really graceful—she lives the part of a pert young thing, whose hair is cut with a bang on the forehead, whose eyes are full of mischief and whose arms are long and slender."
Derrick Bang – liner notes (2010 remaster)
The cosmic abundance of lithium is of interest because it provides several constraints to the various Big Bang models.
The current estimates for the primordial abundance of lithium, as measured by this technique, are in tension with the predictions of the standard model of Big Bang nucleosynthesis, a discrepancy known as the lithium problem.
GD&TOP is the debut album of South Korean hip-hop duo GD & TOP, members of Big Bang.
They later went on to say that "the reason we mixed such a variety of genres is because we wanted to bring out more of our character that we don't get to show when we're Big Bang."
As a member of the nationally acclaimed group, Dorian has contributed two songs to the group's accumulation of songs: "Cupid", a Sam Cooke mashup of "Another Saturday Night", "Cupid", and "You Send Me", and "Malibu Grand Prix", an original written by Dorian and a friend that the group arranged into an a cappella recording for their 2010 album Bang.
The two stars appeared together in the Men of Odyssey production Caesar's Hardhat Gang Bang, which won the 2001 GayVN Award for "Best Ethnic-Themed Video".
Simon Helberg (born 1980), TV actor and comedian (The Big Bang Theory)
The First Three Minutes attempts to explain the early stages of the universe after the Big Bang.
While the Bang Goes the Theory series was committed to production only after the Drake program had aired, the initially separate single show was later included on its successor's Series 1 & 2 DVD set.
Apart from these tribes, few people had migrated from Molkhow, Pashk, Bang, and Rach in the mid of 20 century.
After resigning "Yingo", was hired by the cable TV channel Bang TV as host of two programs which she leads, "Danz", who is teaching dance steps, where people can learn about the rhythms and music of today and "Soundtrax" the urban genre and interview program, which brings guests each program, which also call your favorite topics.
In 2012, driving the program ends Danz and share with the program called urban music all sounds the same channel Bang TV, with Simoney Romero.
: สลากกินแบ่งรัฐบาล (salak gin bang ratthabarn or "Government Lottery"), also called lottery or หวย (huay) This word comes from Chinese language that means flower.
 "they bang out the snappiest three-chord tunes around" (Newsweek),
 Graphical timeline from Big Bang to Heat Death (to 101000 years from now)
Kollegah has worked with rapper Farid Bang on several collaborative albums.
Cobb, Weldon J., "Slam, Bang & Co,; or, The Young Aladdins of Fortune", Brave and Bold No.
Danish companies operating in Taiwan include Bang & Olufsen, Danfoss, Lego and Maersk.
Captain Billy's Whiz Bang – bawdy humor magazine
Bob Sarles co-directed (with Brett Berns) and edited the feature documentary film BANG!
 Chiddy Bang - Opposite of Adults
 The Big Bang Theory (all seasons)
Discontinued segments formerly aired include: B'SHOP (songwriter Bang Si-hyuk introduced a selection of hit songs), MCD DRAMA (show-hosts acted out various scenarios), MCD NEWS (reported music industry news), and MCD Ranking (ranked celebrities based on certain topics).
(stylized as THE BEST BANG!!)
Despite being released in November, The Best Bang!!
The ship was under command of captain Bang and had a crew of 33 men and had 4 passengers on board.
Captain Bang went on board the submarine and presented all the papers, including the Bill of Sale showing the vessel passed into Norwegian registry on 23 December 1914.
The submarine's commander informed captain Bang that according to his instructions, any ship that switched registry at least 30 days prior to the outbreak of the war have to be considered as belonging to the nation she was acquired from.
The band played two shows in Bang Your Head Festival in Germany, amongst other bands like Dio, Twisted Sister, Overkill, Dokken and others.
In 2012, IFC began airing a television version of the show, called Comedy Bang!
Stuffies/Shitty Beach Boys, The Boom Bang, The Copperheads, The Dead Space
In the 1980s, founding members Paul DiBartolo, Rob De Luca and Tommi Gallo were playing in the Boston-based hard rock band Bang.
Tommi Gallo is a member of the band Iron Rage and formerly of Bang.
These are the people who love listening to South Korean music and follow the style of artists and pop groups like Big Bang, Wonder Girls, Girls' Generation, or Gangnam Style singer, Psy.
This Act and the Big Bang stockmarket reform, also in the UK, also in 1986, were the two central planks of the move to financial deregulation in the United Kingdom in the 1980s.
In 2010, JTNL most notably toured alongside ZZ Top, JJ Grey & MOFRO, American Bang, Robert Randolph and the Family Band, and others.
 12th Yi Sang Literary Award for “The Red Room” (Bulgeun bang, 1988).
Her hair is black with a blue stripe on a bang that covers one of her eyes.
She created posters for the Angoulême International Comics Festival, Tulle's theater, and cartoons for French national newspapers and magazines such as Le Monde, Libération, Femme Actuelle, Femina, and Bang.
 Bang My Can, (Enja, 2011)
 Bang Young as Detective Oh
Girls' Generation, Big Bang, and JYJ topped the chart with three different albums each, more than any other act.
On the monthly chart, TVXQ and Big Bang had the most album number-ones, with two each.
In 1981, Les Variations changed its name to the Orchestre Métropolitain du Grand Montréal, with Robert Savoie as its first chairman (until 1985) and Hun Bang as its first executive director (until 1987).
 Big Bang theory (6.1%)
Christoph Clark - Christoph's Beautiful Girls 4 (2002) in a group scene, Euro Angels Hardball 17: Anal Savants in a gang bang scene with Sandra Romain, Beautiful Girls 4 (2002) and Euro Angels Hardball 17: Anal Savants (2002) and Kink productions.
com - in sadomasochistic scenes such as submission, deep throat, rimming, female ejaculation, anal and vaginal fisting, gang bang, bukkake, spitting and slapping.
The Affleck–Dine mechanism (AD mechanism) is a postulated mechanism for explaining baryogenesis during the primordial Universe immediately following the Big Bang.
Bloom has written a number of books, including: The Genius of the Beast, Global Brain: The Evolution of Mass Mind from the Big Bang to the 21st Century, and The Lucifer Principle.
The Global Brain: The Evolution of Mass Mind from the Big Bang to the 21st Century.
The filmmaker Jo Moon-kyung (Kim Sang-kyung) and his friend Bang Joong-sik (Yoo Jun-sang) swap memories about the trips they both made to the same town (Tongyeong, South Gyeongsang Province), where, as it turns out, they had met and befriended the same people.
 Yoo Jun-sang as Bang Joong-sik, a film critic
He is a founding member of the Bang on a Can All-Stars.
Oog Skullbasher (Drums) - Oog likes to bang stuff, so he plays drums.
"Christmas Song" by American Bang - 2:41
I heard two of the world’s experts battling it out on how the universe began – the Big Bang Theory versus Steady State Cosmology.
 Reexamination of data indicates that the gamma-ray burst GRB 090423 may be the most distant single object yet detected; scientists believe the blast, which was detected by NASA's Swift Observatory, occurred a mere 520 million years after the Big Bang.
 A Japanese experiment sees hints that neutrino particles can oscillate between all three types, opening new lines of research to test why matter became more prevalent than antimatter in the Big Bang.
 1 July – Based on results from the Tevatron particle accelerator, scientists have reported stronger evidence that a small excess of matter over antimatter was present during the Big Bang as particles decayed.
Chula United were renamed BBCU (Big Bang Chulalongkorn University)
Considered by Bolaño's literary executor Ignacio Echevarría to be the big bang of the Bolaño universe, the loose prose-poem novel was written when Bolaño was 27.
Wisconsin kicked off the 2011 season with a bang, recording 499 yards of total offense en route to a 51–17 pounding of visiting UNLV.
The first stars to form after the Big Bang may have been larger, up to 300  or more, due to the complete absence of elements heavier than lithium in their composition.
German rapper Farid Bang has released nine studio albums, three collaboration albums, two mixtapes, three extended plays, 50 singles and 67 music videos.
Bang was awarded for sales of 415,000 records in both Germany and Austria.
Colonel Carsten Gerhard Bang with a brigade of about 2,100 men in Røros
 The Big Bang reviewed by the New York Times
Tarkowski began the 2013–14 season with a bang, scoring Oldham's first goal in a 4–3 away league win over Stevenage on the opening day.
Doug Zawisza of Comic Book Resources gave it 4.5 out 5 starts stating, "Whether you like what McCann has been doing with Hawkeye and Mockingbird and Widowmaker, or are just a fan of the Clint Barton character, this issue offers quite a bang for your three bucks".
Big Bang are a British electronic music duo that came to prominence in the late 1980s.
Soon after the split Malice and Williams created Big Bang as a duo using session vocalists for recordings and live performances.
Big Bang signed to Swanyard Records at the start of 1989.
The label was founded by Margarita Hamilton owner of Walton Castle and Big Bang were the first artist to be signed to it.
Big Bang always stated Cold Nights In Cairo gave a better impression of the big beat sound they were aiming for than their recording of Voulez-Vous did.
During 1989, Big Bang performed several concerts to publicise the release of Voulez-Vous with their lavish Arabic Circus Tour that consisted of various circus acts including acrobats, one-wheel bicycle riders, fire-eaters, jugglers, flying trapeze artists and a belly-dancing troupe.
Big Bang were joined on stage by the vocalists Teresa Revill and Jasmine Ventura.
On 16 November 1990, Big Bang accompanied by vocalist Jasmine Duggan (Ventura) were flown over to Ireland to represent the United Kingdom in the 13th International Song Festival where they performed their self-penned song One More Chance.
The Earl Gill Orchestra accompanied Big Bang on stage.
Malta won the contest and Big Bang came second in the competition and first for their performance.
During their stay in Ireland, Big Bang gave several radio, TV, and newspaper interviews.
With a new producer at the helm, Big Bang laid down the backing track to One More Chance.
1991: Although Big Bang never officially disbanded, at the tail end of 1991 Laurence and Iain decided to concentrate on their careers away from the band.
Interest in the band increased in 2010 when digitally remastered bootleg CDs of Voulez-Vous and Cold Nights in Cairo by Big Bang began to appear in America selling for as much as £45.
July 2012: Big Bang - Voulez-Vous 2012 the 'Rare Mix' 12" version was uploaded onto SoundCloud.
In recent years, Big Bang have attained a cult following in several countries especially in Europe and the Aegean.
Hal Spacejock: Big Bang (2015)
Rašilov briefly moved into cabaret Bang, but where were several other prominent comics (Vlasta Burian, Ferenc Futurist, Eman Fiala, Josef and Karel Noll Rovensky) cabaret and a half year after the operation ceased due to scheduling conflicts in the file.
Gelman makes frequent appearances on the Comedy Bang!
 Kim Jin-soo as Bang Ki-nam
Han Xin, (203 BC – 202 BC) a military commander served under Liu Bang.
He also contributed to Jennifer Love Hewitt's debut album Let's Go Bang (1995).
 Bang Soo-hyun -  Yuliani Santoso: 11-5, 11-5
Jensen developed the Jacob Jensen Design studio internationally, collaborating with numerous major companies including ECCO (Danish shoe manufacturer), Gaggenau Hausgeräte, Bang & Olufsen, Haier, LG, Panasonic, Steinway Lyngdorf (Steinway and Sons), Toshiba, Vertu, Lufthansa, and Volvo.
His band, Hot Seconds can also be heard in the TV shows: Shameless, The Unit, The Big Bang Theory, The New Girl, Gossip Girl and The Office''.
Looking not only at supernova data but also at the cosmic microwave background spectrum, Big Bang nucleosynthesis and other factors, they concluded that "voids are in severe tension with the data.
 Shim Yi-young as Director Bang, Mu-gyul's former agent
; Strange disappearance of Mr Wilks; This way to the Bang Kwit.
His dream of becoming a high school Physical Education teacher changed suddenly during his second year of high school after watching MTV's Big Bang Documentary.
 Mickey He as Lin Chuyi, based on Liu Bang
1989 Dead Bang (key makeup artist - uncredited)
The studies found that elliptical galaxies were the oldest and formed from the violent merger of other galaxies about two to three billion years after the Big Bang.
To accommodate both practices, programs that air in the 7:00 p.m. hour on most CTV stations, such as etalk and repeats of The Big Bang Theory, are generally moved to the 10:00 p.m. hour on CKY-TV.
Defender Bang Dae-jong who had played for the club since being drafted in 2008, was appointed captain for the 2010 season.
According to an interview with Toxik from hiphop.de, Farid Bang explained that his disses and insults towards some German rappers are only to be taken "sportive".
Bo Thong, Bang Rakam
BANG Hardcore Championship (1 time)
Fougner began his first job as an assistant architect working for Ove Bang 1935–1938, followed by employment by Arne Korsmo in 1939.
Yang Ren (楊任) is a fictional character in the novel Fengshen Bang
Also covered are subjects such as the Big Bang, comprehension of large numbers, and the Moon illusion.
 The Big Bang (1996-2004)
2009: "Big Bang Baby" written with duo Nordstrøm, performed by Claus Christensen
A few months previously, Morrison had carelessly signed a contract that he had not fully studied and it stipulated that he would surrender virtually all control of the material he would record with Bang Records.
It is also featured in the first episode of the third season, and eighteenth episode of the seventh season of The Big Bang Theory.
The earliest written records of Xing Yi can be traced to the 18th century, and are attributed to Ma Xueli of Henan Province and Dai Long Bang of Shanxi Province.
Most practitioners just assume it was written by Dai Long Bang.
Syndicated programming on KCOY-DT2 includes 25 Words or Less, The Simpsons (which also airs first-run episodes via Fox), Two and a Half Men, Last Man Standing and The Big Bang Theory.
A gun (pronunciation , English approximation:  , ) or bang () is a long Chinese staff weapon used in Chinese martial arts.
In season 12, episode 10 of The Big Bang Theory Howard looks at an old VCR recording of himself in where he audition's to be a member of the Magic Castle.
 Insane Clown Posse: Bang!
Before the album release, she played, among others, at the two largest German metal festivals, Wacken Open Air and Bang Your Head.
Doro's band appeared at festivals all over the world, including Wacken Open Air and Metal Female Voices Fest 7 (where she dueted again with Tarja Turunen) in 2009, Hellfest in France, Bang Your Head!!!
"That's as good a goal as you will see anywhere, a beautiful cross field ball from Josie Dwyer, fantastic catch, back towards the goal, turn on the left, bang in to the back of the net.
Catches it, turns left handed, bang to the back of the net, brilliant score."
'Linked bead double iron whip') is a variant of two-section staff (Tie Lian Jia Bang 鐵鏈夾棒, lit.
Sheldon Cooper in Season 9 Episode 21 briefly sings "The Name Game" in The Big Bang Theory.
This period of uncertainty continued up until the year 2000 when the band was invited to perform at the Bang Your Head!!!
Brian Thomas Smith (born May 13, 1977) is an American actor and comedian known for playing the dim-witted but kind-hearted Zack Johnson in The Big Bang Theory for nine seasons.
In 2010, Smith joined the cast of comedy series The Big Bang Theory in a recurring role, brilliantly portraying Penny's ingenuous ex-boyfriend, Zack Johnson.
Pally has appeared regularly on many podcasts on the Earwolf network such as Comedy Bang!
Scientific theories of the Big Bang and ideas about the Universe being created out of nothingness resembles those expressed in Kabbalah.
Hanson says that although Hebrew letters have shapes they are actually made out of nothing, as well as the singularity of the Big Bang.
Kolisi returned with a bang the following year and held his place in the Stormers side despite fierce competition among the loose forwards.
After some first experiences at the Basel City Studios in 2001 with Chlambrüd, the recordings of the debut album Bang Gang of Pueblo Criminal were started in 2006 at the band's own studio in Schwerzenbach ZH.
At the beginning of December 2010, the formation played at Eulachhalle in Winterthur as a support act for Ska-P. On 7 December, the CD release party of Bang Gang took place at the Mascotte club in Zurich, where the band won the "4th Band-Cover-Contest" two months later.
Tackling neglected diseases could offer more bang for the buck.
"The Big Bang Theory" (Sterling, Dunbar, Clinton) – 7:00
The game is played on the podcasts Comedy Bang!
The album has 14 tracks, including collaborations with Daesung from Big Bang, Jiyoon from 4Minute, Bekah from After School, Gary from Leessang, and Sangchu from Mighty Mouth.
Lee performed the fourth single of How Did We Get live on You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook featuring Daesung of Big Bang.
Daniels eventually lost to Jeffrey Richman and Steven Levitan of Modern Family for the episode "Caught in the Act", while Carell lost to Jim Parsons of The Big Bang Theory.
Of these songs, "If I Had Only Known" previously appeared on McEntire's 1991 album For My Broken Heart, while "Just Once" later appeared on Murphy's debut album Out with a Bang.
Tonight is the fourth extended play of South Korean boy band Big Bang.
A repackaged edition titled Big Bang Special Edition was released on April 8, 2011, and featured a new track "Love Song" as the lead single.
The performance has been hailed as "sensual and stylish" as well as "luxurious" by Lee Soo-yeon of Newsen while it was called "fresh and bold" by Yonhap News, which also went on to state that "Big Bang has come back brilliantly."
Park Young-gun of the Star News also applauded the group for their use of lavish props, calling the performance "compelling" and "explosive" and declaring that "Big Bang has come back stronger than ever."
In Graziano's live action dubbing roles, he is the official Italian voice actor of Jim Parsons as he most notably dubbed Sheldon Cooper in the Italian-language version of The Big Bang Theory.
Lu Wan, (256 BC – 194 BC), a military general served under Liu Bang.
The video was directed by former Crash Boom Bang bassist/keyboardist, Raul Rivero and Risemont Studios.
Eros Vlahos - Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang - Universal Pictures
In addition to serving as movement director in films, he has also appeared in small acting roles, such as "Thompson" in Safe Conduct (2002), "Infected Priest" in 28 Days Later (2002), "Black Brother" in Shrooms (2007), and "Enemy Pilot" in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (2010).
He was married to Wilhelmine (“Willik”) Margrethe Bang in 1904 in Drammen, Norway.
The church was consecrated on 15 August 1784 by Marcus Fredrik Bang, Bishop of the Diocese of Nidaros.
During the inaugural O Music Awards in Las Vegas in April 2011, rapper Chiddy of Chiddy Bang snagged Guinness World Records titles for the Longest Freestyle Rap and the Longest Marathon Rapping record after rapping for 9 hours, 16 minutes and 22 seconds.
We had the windows open and then we heard this big bang."
McQueen Street played live shows in cities across the US and performed with bands such as Soundgarden, Alice In Chains, Bang Tango, and Mr. Big.
Among the topics included in the series are the Higgs boson, antimatter, the nature of neutrinos, the concepts of the Big Bang, cosmic inflation, the multiverse, leptogenesis, and supersymmetry.
Fuller lost sight of Hewson's aircraft beneath him and the two Ansons collided amid what Fuller later described as a "grinding crash and a bang as roaring propellors struck each other and bit into the engine cowlings".
The documentary gives the impression of using a single, continuous take to visualize a journey from the Earth to the edge of the Universe, which is explained to be the Big Bang.
Also covered is analysis of similarities and differences between competing hypotheses (Big Bang vs Steady State theory, panspermia vs abiogenesis, etc.).
Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!, covered the song for the mini-album Gin no Yuri/Banzai Rizing!!
In November 2011 he criticized the book Bang Iceland by American pickup artist Roosh Vörek, calling it "as wrong as possible".
 Love Is Forever (Biff Bang Pow!
The ghostlike feel of the earlier movements forgotten, the work concludes with distinctive finality, a four-note bang similar to that of Rachmaninov's in his Piano Concerto No.
One of its tracks, "Dubz 57 Sauce", was included on the Moon Ska produced soundtrack to the 1997 independent film, Bang.
Not with a Bang (2016),  published in Vertigo: SFX by Vertigo Comics
Using the term big history, coined by David Christian at Macquarie University in Sydney, Australia, Brown told the whole story from the Big Bang to the present in simple, non-academic language to convey our common humanity and our connection to every other part of the natural world.
 Big History, Small World: From the Big Bang to You.
 Big History: From the Big Bang to the Present.
In March 2015, Paige was featured in Smosh's 131st installment of Game Bang, along with Xavier Woods, Seth Rollins, and Daniel Bryan.
Tai Chi Ruler and Tai Chi Bang (Stick) are similar tools that are used in Tai Chi.
The Ruler and Bang Stick are considered a Yin and Yang pair.
The Bang Stick is Yang.
The Ruler is light, while the Bang Stick is heavy.
Abel went on to make guest appearances in numerous other television series, including The Big Bang Theory (2009), 90210 (2010), Awkward (2011), The Secret Circle (2011), Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Vicky returns to the Street with a bang at Christmas 1998.
Previously, he had toured with The Cataracs, Das Racist, Chiddy Bang, Mike Posner, and RJD2.Offitzer, Adam.
A week later, the music video for "Fame Is For Assholes" (abbreviated FIFA) premiered on YouTube which features rapper Chiddy Bang.
: Kristian Bang Foss, Døden kører Audi
The Battle of Pengcheng was fought in Pengcheng (present-day Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China) in 205 BC between the kingdoms of Western Chu and Han, led by Xiang Yu and Liu Bang respectively.
With Xiang Yu thus occupied, Liu Bang collected a force of 560,000 troops from his subordinate lands, and marched east to attack Chu.
Liu Bang gradually collected his lost forces, but did not retain his gains in Chu lands.
As of August 2021, these programs consist of Bob's Burgers, Friends, Family Matters, George Lopez, The Big Bang Theory, New Girl, 2 Broke Girls, and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
Her collective exhibitions include Mirrorriff DRA-Hjalteyri (IS 2010), Howl Donau festival (AU 2010) and Rockabilly Gal w. Kling & Bang (DK 2009).
Poh Khun Bang Klang Hao ascended the throne of the Sukhothai Kingdom under a new title and name: King Sri Intharathit.
Nýló shares the building with Kling & Bang, artist run gallery and Studio Ólafur Elíasson.
The videos all featured manga artist Bang Ippongi as Maria Cruel the ExorSister.
Moon Hee-kyung as Bang Hwa-joon 
(Under banner of Big Bang Entertainment)
He made his promotional debut against Ivan Kondratev at ONE Championship: Big Bang on December 4, 2020.
| 2020-12-04 || Win ||align=left| Ivan Kondratev || ONE Championship: Big Bang  || Kallang, Singapore || KO (Left hook to the body) || 2 || 1:52
He was a writer for The Sarah Silverman Program, a writer and executive producer for Parks and Recreation, and a recurring guest on Comedy Bang!
DSOWD performed a number of times on Comedy Bang!
Bang and played Los Angeles venues such as Largo and writer/director Rob Schrab's wedding.
Khao Nom Nang, the name of two hills west of Doeng Bang Nam Buat, Suphan Buri.
2021Argonavis from BanG Dream AASide (Mitsurugi Koharu)
Billy Bang, 63, American jazz violinist, lung cancer.
After signing with Yellow Cab Next, she became a co-host in the Weekly Shōnen Jump variety show Sakiyomi Jan Bang!.
The newcomers showed tremendous confidence and were bang on in their portrayal of the different characters that they played.
As the aircraft approached its cruising altitude, at approximately 15:58 local time (22:57 UTC), while climbing through FL344 to reach FL360, a loud bang was heard, recorded as an unidentified noise on the cockpit voice recorder (CVR).
Questioned by CID, Robinson asserts that he had shot in self-defence, initially from his car − Grew's car had revved up, its door had opened, and Robinson had heard a loud bang, making him feel his life was in danger.
It is a course that covers history from the Big Bang through to the present in an interdisciplinary way.
Bill Gates became interested in the topic when he heard "Big History: The Big Bang, Life on Earth, and the Rise of Humanity," a 48-lecture course taught by David Christian and published by The Teaching Company.
As Kyle Ellison of Drowned in Sound put it, "Most noticeably on Stridulum II, the vocals are placed slap bang in the middle of the mix...
| 2004-04-18 || Loss ||align=left| Youness El Mhassani || BIG BANG || Elst, Netherlands || Ext.R Decision || 4 || 3:00  
vi:Danh sách bang của Ấn Độ theo dân số
In May 2010, Amplidata finalized a first round of venture capital funding worth 2.5 million euros, secured by Big Bang Ventures.
Big Bang Ventures is known for specializing in funding for start-ups and strives to provide expertise and connections to entrepreneurs in the technology sector.
 Leon Lai as Liu Bang
Notable dialects are Barup, Bang, Dorofi, Gembu, Hainari, Kabri, Mayo Ndaga, Mbamnga, Tamien, Warwar (in Nigeria); Sunu Torbi (Torbi), Ju Naare (Gembu), and in Cameroon, Ju Ba and Langa.
From 2002 to 2004 Viscount Ipswich, as the Duke was then known, worked in the United States in music business management, as a radio host in Nashville, Tennessee, and in 2005–2006 as a merchandise co-ordinator for the Rolling Stones on the A Bigger Bang tour.
Her influences within this "no one way" approach have been "so-called nature", Emily Kame Kngwarreye and the "whole bang lot".
  Snowden, Don/ Leonard, Gary, Make the music go bang!
This attribute status of ontóbia enabled Battler to advance his own version of the Big Bang conception and of the Universe's expansion process.
The BeoCenter 9500 is an integrated home music system by Bang & Olufsen.
Big Bang 2 is to be accompanied by the Love & Hope Tour across Japan.
They stop him and Merlin tells him that they have a gift for him, and he "will get a bang out of it."
In 2005, Bang began her professional career by working in theatre.
Bang starred the series from 2008 to 2009.
Bang was eventually nominated for Goya Award for Best New Actress at the 25th Goya Awards ceremony.
In June 2014, Bang married film director Álex de la Iglesia, whose films she frequently appears in.
Bang accomplished her studies in both acting and architecture.
"You Turn Me On" has been featured in commercials for CBS TV shows including Big Bang Theory, Good Wife, How I Met Your Mother, The Millers, The Price Is Right, Undercover Boss, The Young and the Restless.
This would be the second lowest grade of the night: "Home Wrecker" went on to score higher than The Simpsons episode "Homer Scissorhands" but score lower than Family Guy episode "The Big Bang Theory", the Bob's Burgers episode "Weekend at Mort's", and The Cleveland Show episode "Your Show of Shows".
The mainstream version of the Cold Big Bang model predicted an absence of acoustic peaks in the cosmic microwave background radiation and was eventually explicitly ruled out by WMAP observations.
"Big Bang Theory" (feat.
In a leaked video of a speech given at Liberty Baptist Church Sportsman's Banquet on September 27, Broun is heard telling supporters that, "All that stuff I was taught about evolution and embryology and the Big Bang Theory, all that is lies straight from the pit of Hell."
McMahon co-wrote "Television" with Jaren Johnston of American Bang, and "Amy, I", "People, Running" and "Platform Fire" with Matt Thiessen of Relient K in Nashville, Tennessee, in January 2010.
The track has also been sampled by Chiddy Bang on their single "All Things Go" as well as featuring a shortened version as the opening theme for the Netflix show The Politician.
The following month, dancers from ReQuest and the Royal Family appeared at the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards, dancing on-stage for K-pop acts CL, 2NE1 and Big Bang.
The Big Bang was a result of their meeting.
Bhankrota or Bang Rota is a residential locality within Jaipur, India.
 1254–1277 Peder Bang
The Labour Front's replacement candidate Keng Bang Ee lost the seat to the new Liberal Socialist Party, while Lee retained his seat in Tanjong Pagar.
Chiddy Bang - Here We Go feat.
After losing three straight games, the team knew they had to come back to their home field with a bang.
The game's synopsis reads "The Chelsea gang are back in town with a bang, for yet exciting adventures!
Saunders' first-class rugby career started with a bang as he debuted for North Otago aged only 17 in a Ranfurly Shield contest against Waikato in 2000.
Since January 2011, this segment also has a 'decibel ranking', the louder the bang, the higher the guest ends up in the ranking.
 Bang Up (1:55)
He was the son of Andreas Bang (1788-1829) and Cathrine Dorothea Schouboe (1795-1822).
Bang was the first holder of this chair which he continued to hold until just before his death in 1898.
He remained unmarried but was the adoptive father of Dagny Bang who was among the first female physicians in Norway.
1 March – Australian music program Countdown arrives {[fact}} on to the scene with a bang by becoming the first program on ABC to be broadcast in colour with Johnny Farnham as the host.
Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!, covered the song in 2021.
These included Lam Nhat Tien, Trish Thuy Trang, Tuan Ngoc, Bang Kieu, and Minh Tuyet.
Sandra is an HGTV personality, and has appeared on episodes of Bang for Your Buck, Halloween Block Party 2010, HGTV'd''' and HGTV’s Celebrity Holiday Homes on the which she completed the homes of Holly Robinson Peete in 2009, Brooke Burke and David Charvet in 2010 and Eva LaRue and Alison Sweeney in 2011.
Her involvement with teaching men self-defence made her a controversial figure with radical feminists, and the rift became complete when she published an article in Bang magazine in which she questioned whether all pornography was essentially misogynous.
Bang Productions managed the show's technical design while Fischer Media Group was involved in an undisclosed role.
The fifth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory was originally aired on CBS from September 22, 2011, to May 10, 2012, over 24 episodes.
At the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards, The Big Bang Theory was nominated for Outstanding Comedy Series, but Modern Family on ABC won.
Bang!Zoom is a 1995 studio album by American vocalist Bobby McFerrin, released by Blue Note Records.
The move was prompted by CBS' arrangement to air Thursday Night Football for the first several weeks of the season and their subsequent decision not to postpone the season premiere of The Big Bang Theory, which occupied 2 Broke Girls' timeslot until October 20, and then returned to its normal Thursday timeslot.
By November, regular Thursday programming resumed with The Big Bang Theory and new comedy Life in Pieces moving to Thursdays after airing on Monday nights at the beginning of the season.
Ajay is the third cousin far removed of the Big Bang Theory actor Kunal Nayyer.
But almost as soon as you rush to your pre-amp and squeeze in more juice, the loud comes back in, but so unimaginably loud this time that you think your speaker coils might melt, and old man Reilly in the next apartment has already started to bang his broomstick on the wall."
Beijing Shengshi Bang Wei Culture Media Co., LTD (Chinese: 北京盛世邦为文化传媒有限公司 Pinyin: Běijīng Shèngshì Bāngwéi Wénhuà Chuánméi Yǒuxiàngōngsī).
 Bei Jing Cheng Shi Bang Wei Culture Media Co., LTD (Archive) 
 Family Health Centre Bang
The first two episodes, however, failed to draw a high rating and were unable to hold the audience of lead in program The Big Bang Theory, which was CBS’ highest rated sitcom.
This rating compared poorly to that of its lead-in, The Big Bang Theory, which recorded 14.74 million viewers and a 4.9 in the 18-49 demo, as well as the shows in CBS's Monday night comedy block for the same week, all of which ranked in the top 25 for the week with Adults 18-49.
With no original programming, Comedytime Saturday consisted solely of reruns of CBS's Monday and Thursday night sitcoms (How I Met Your Mother, 2 Broke Girls, Two and a Half Men, Mike & Molly, The Big Bang Theory, or Rules of Engagement).
With a loud bang, the ride vehicle springs to life, shooting forward before rising up a huge tunnel.
He has also made live performances with Example, Foreign Beggars and Chiddy Bang.
In February 2011, Chiddy Bang created a freestyle to the song, which has appeared on their Peanut Butter and Swelly mixtape.
The book was followed by George and the Big Bang in 2011, George and the Unbreakable Code in 2014, George and the Blue Moon in 2016 and  in 2018.
 George and the Big Bang
The Los Angeles Times''' Judy Berman praised the finale, stating "[...] this year went out with a bang.
The flash bang grenades being used next door would have added to the confusion.
In 1964 he started working as a designer for Bang & Olufsen.
By 1970s, Bang & Olufsen had received numerous awards for its product designs.
The company devised a new slogan, “We think differently,” which was meant to embody the characteristics that made Bang & Olufsen different from other companies at the time.
The company's new products and slogan led to an identification of what Bang & Olufsen referred to as the Seven Corporate Identity Components.
Jensen is recognized as Bang & Olufsen’s minimal design idiom, and worked with the company until 1991.
Using influences from Raymond Loewy’s consumer-friendly designs and his experience designing for Bang & Olufsen, Jensen merged International design (an architectural design from the U.S.) and the Maya principle (Most Advanced Yet Acceptable).
In 1978, New York’s Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) featured a full exhibition on Jacob Jensen’s designs for Bang & Olufsen.
Jacob Jensen's most renowned works include Beolit radio (1970), Beogram 4000 (1972) and Beomaster 1900, BeoVox 2500 speakers (designed for Bang & Olufsen).
), but as of 2013, 1200 won per hour is the most common cost in PC bang.
Many popular Korean multiplayer games provide players with incentives that encourage them to play from a PC bang.
For example, the Nexon games Kart Rider and BnB reward players with bonus "Lucci"—the games' virtual currencies—when they log on from a PC bang and the popular League of Legends provides free access to all characters and extra game currency on each match.
Video game addiction existed back in the early 2000s, a South Korean man died from a heart attack after playing video games for 50 hours in a PC bang where he barely slept and ate.
Chasty Rose Ballesteros is a Canadian actress of Filipino descent who has had roles in Smallville, Supernatural, Psych, Sanctuary, Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, and How I Met Your Mother.
The book outlines Penrose's Conformal Cyclic Cosmology (CCC) model, which is an extension of general relativity but opposed to the widely supported multidimensional string theories and cosmological inflation following the Big Bang.
This period from Big Bang to infinite expansion Penrose defines as an aeon.
The smooth “hairless” infinite oblivion of the previous aeon becomes the low-entropy Big Bang state of the next aeon cycle.
In March 1969, Bang initiated, planned and executed South Africa's first truly multi-ship oceanographical research operation, the Agulhas Current Project, along the current's length.
At the time of his death, aged 36, Bang was acting head of the Physical Oceanography Division of the National Research Institute for Oceanology at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (South Africa).
The findings of the Agulhas Current Project showed that a key to understanding the current's dynamics was the way it turns back on itself, a phenomenon Bang described as "retroflection", more commonly used to describe the way the mammalian intestine or uterus can curve back on itself.
Following studies of the Southern Benguela system off South Africa's west coast, Bang and Andrews anticipated and subsequently discovered the strong equatorward shelf edge frontal jet off the Cape Peninsula—an intrusion of Agulhas Current water—which they named the Good Hope Jet.
Nils Bang died, aged 36, of colon cancer, in Durban's Entabeni Hospital on 2 December 1977.
More commonly used to describe the way the mammalian intestine or uterus might turn back on itself, retroflection was first used in an oceanographic sense in 1970 by South African oceanographer Nils Bang, to describe the Agulhas Current which curves on itself at the southern tip of Africa to become the Aghulhas Return Current.
 Prime minister – Anders Sandøe Ørsted (until 12 December), Peter Georg Bang
 Prime minister – Peter Georg Bang
 April 2 – Peter Georg Bang, politician and jurist, prime minister of Denmark (born 1797)
One Ok Rock was the first Japanese artist to headline a show in the arena, while EXO was the first Korean artist to stage a two-day sold-out concert series in the arena, followed by other K-pop groups such as Big Bang, Blackpink, BTS, Seventeen, Twice, and Wanna One.
Peanut Butter and Swelly is a mixtape by the Philadelphia hip hop music duo Chiddy Bang.
I was definitely thrown in the deep end with a bang."
Lynch walked through the building and entered the universe of shows including The Big Bang Theory, Mad Men, Parks and Recreation, MythBusters and Glee (the show of which Lynch is a cast member) among others.
Virgin was released in the Philippines on 23 July 2011, along with Bang!
and Happy Pledis 1st Album, and it debuted at number one on the Philippines AstroChart, while Bang!
For a year and four months, Hyunseung was a trainee for the boy group Big Bang.
He first gained media attention when he appeared in the group's pre-debut "Big Bang Documentary," along with members G-Dragon, T.O.P, Taeyang, Daesung and Seungri.
Fellow Beast member, Yoon Doo-joon decided to become a singer after watching the Big Bang documentary featuring Hyunseung.
Suzuki first played live with Loudness in May 2009, followed by an appearance at the Bang Your Head!!!
 Bang Si-hyuk as audition judge (Ep.
He has gone on to appear in episodes of Community, Arrested Development, Parks and Recreation, The Big Bang Theory, The Simpsons, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and Drunk History, among others.
They were judges for a local dance contest, Dance Off 2012: The Grand Finals, and they performed two mall shows as part of the Brain Bang Mall Show.
A writer for Bang Showbiz branded Lola a "blonde babe".
With Neil Hannon he has toured regularly as MD and keyboard player of The Divine Comedy following the departure of Joby Talbot and has appeared on three albums as arranger and conductor; Hannon's ninth album Victory for the Comic Muse, released in June 2006, 2010's Bang Goes the Knighthood and the 2016 release Foreverland.
2010– Bang Goes the Knighthood (arranger, keyboards)
In the book, Carroll explores the nature of the arrow of time, that goes forward from the past to the future, and posits that the arrow owes its existence to conditions before the Big Bang.
2016: Atmosphères'' with Arve Henriksen, Eivind Aarset, and Jan Bang (ECM)
 List of Big Bang Comics characters
 List of The Big Bang Theory characters
During the 7th Critics' Choice Television Awards the fact that several critically acclaimed shows were snubbed such as The Americans, Rectify, The Night Of and You're the Worst in favor of shows with very little to no critical support such as Modern Family, The Big Bang Theory, and House of Cards was credited, and widely criticized, due to this change.
Parelius Hjalmar Bang Berntsen (1910–1995), Norwegian politician
Other technology companies with a significant presence in the town include Huawei Technologies, Access IS, Agilent Technologies, Audio & Design (Recording) Ltd, Bang & Olufsen, Cisco, Ericsson, Harris Corporation, Intel, Nvidia, Sage, Sagem Orga, SGI, Symantec, Symbol Technologies, Verizon Business, Virgin Media, Websense, Xansa (now Steria), and Xerox.
In the autumn of 2019, Alexis announces his new band, No Terror in the Bang.
The biggest bang for the buck: a conversation with Barbara Starfield, M.D., M.P.H.
She has appeared on several television series, including Veronica Mars, Fashion House and The Big Bang Theory.
She then hears a loud bang, which sounds like she has run something over.
 "The Entropic Gang Bang Caper" (New Worlds 1969)
The Universe's Hall, which is the main space in the Museum, shows a tour starting with the Big Bang to the most actuality themes, including modern medicine, wastes and robotics, throw the human evolution and other shapes of evolution and science.
The Hall of Matter covers evolution starting with the Big Bang.
That same year, Fazal played the leading role in the Yash Raj Films youth studio Y-Films web-series Bang Baaja Baaraat.
Scientific Reports retracted a 2019 paper in January 2021 which claimed that: "both Creationism and Big Bang theory are wrong, and that black holes are the engines driving the universe".
 7 October – Peter Georg Bang, politician and jurist, prime minister of Denmark (died 1861)
Bang Hee:Na young
Magnolia Ice Cream Makers, the former Gold Eagle Beermen in the previous year, started the 1985 PBA season with a bang with returning import Norman Black now as the team's playing coach.
NieA under 7 (2000, Japan, Animated)No Ordinary Family (2010–2011)Not with a Bang (1990, UK)Orville, The (2017–present)Other Space (2015)Out of This World (1987–1991)Outer Space Astronauts (2009, partly animated)Owl, The a.k.a.
 New York Mammoths – Bang the Drum Slowly
 Bang Hyung-Joo as Yeo Seok-Gae
Liu Bang, Emperor Gaozu of Han
"Caliz Boong Bang Zata" (1969), Tony Carr & Delphine
Bang!, appearing on the deluxe edition, whilst the R3hab remix appears on the standard edition.
Bang!, Bear Family BCD 16466, 2001
Empty Room (Bin bang, 2004) 
Bang!-inspired nail polish set.
 Diana Bang as Lauren
In 1989, in the France region of Lorraine, the Sorépark group opened a complete Smurfpark, named Big Bang Schtroumpf.
The quasar emitted the light observed on Earth today less than 770 million years after the Big Bang, about 13 billion years ago.
Sonneborn, examines rhythm's role in cultural traditions and considers the primal percussion experience of the "Big Bang.".
Eun-jin Kim, Sun-hee Bang, Hyang-jo Lee, Sung-chul Lim, Ki-hyun Park, Jung-bin Song, Seung-won Shin, Hyun-ah Jung, Jae-min Seo and Jeon-il Yoon
 BNR10YR Bang Mix (Mixed by Boys Noize) (2013)
He recalled a moment from their first lesson, saying, "The first ball I threw to her, bang!
Options include remote start, a Bang & Olufsen B&O Play premium amplified audio system, and rain-sensing windshield wipers.
She also appeared with Butch Morris's "Chorus of Poets" at The Public Theater, the Whitney Museum and the Bang on a Can Festival at Lincoln Center.
Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang ranks the album as one of the pianist's "prettiest," adding that it is "gentle and lyrical, as befits a collective theme that revolves around flora and changing seasons."
Bang cited the arrangement of "Linus and Lucy," as "smokin'", adding that the song is "dominated by Guaraldi's percussive piano attack in the foreground, augmented by harpsichord shading in the background.
Bang also pointed to "Red Baron" as the "stand-out", noting that it begins with a "similarly ferocious left-hand piano vamp and then cuts to a fast-paced arrangement of the melody on both piano and harpsichord."
Both Ginell and Bang agreed that the length of the album was "maddeningly short."
From 2012 CSKA not only wins three consecutive titles, but also returns with a bang on the European hockey scene.
In 2001, she was chosen as an assistant of the radio show, Tomokazu・Miki's Radio Big Bang.
The track was remixed for the American market, removing Rizzle Kicks and including a new verse from Chiddy Bang.
I called them and told them Chiddy Bang was going to be on it instead and they were fine.
Murs confirmed on his Twitter account that same day that Chiddy Bang would feature in the U.S. version of the video, and he released a picture of himself dressed as a football coach.
The group, Chiddy Bang, does not appear in this version of the video, and their raps are filled with cut scenes of street dancers.
Rainbow Gladiator is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1981 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Bang Pa-In Royal Palace  Ayutthaya (17th century, rebuilt 1872–89) – Occasional country residence of the king; generally open to the public.
Rebuilt and served as country residence for King Mongkut's travels to Ayutthaya; superseded by Bang Pa-in Palace and is now the site of Chan Kasem National Museum.
10 is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
All compositions by Billy Bang except as indicated
 Park Chul-min as Coach Bang
He made his stage debut at the Folketeatret (People's Theatre) in a production by writer Herman Bang in 1899.
A Tribute to Stuff Smith is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1992.
Bang is supported by pianist and former Smith collaborator Sun Ra (in a rare sideman appearance), bassist John Ore and drummer Andrew Cyrille.
Luke is a part of the Frends Crew made up of snowboarders Mason Aguirre, Kevin Pearce, Jack Mitrani, Keir Dillon, Danny Davis, Scotty Lago and Mikkel Bang.
In 1038, a Nong general named Nong Quanfu established a Nung state in Cao Bang, however was quickly annexed by Annamite king Ly Thai Tong in the next year.
Additional options include automatic parking, a Bang & Olufsen surround sound speaker system, and all-wheel drive (xDrive).
 On 9 August 2014, a Starbow BAe 146-300, flight S9-100 to Kumasi, was climbing out of Accra when one of the right hand engines emitted a loud bang and streaks of flames prompting the crew to shut the engine down and return to Accra.
 The Night Belongs to Us (1929) - Vater Bang
In 2008, Frank authored an article for Discover magazine that explored scientific arguments regarding the big bang theory.
A second book by Frank was published in fall 2011, About Time: Cosmology and Culture at the Twilight of the Big Bang.
 The End of the Beginning: Cosmology Culture and Time at the Twilight of the Big Bang, (27 September 2010), 
One non-album single is included; "The Big Bang Theory Theme".
The album contains nine songs previously included on Disc One: All Their Greatest Hits (1991–2001), four songs from three of the band's albums released in the ten years since that release (Everything to Everyone, Barenaked Ladies Are Me, and All in Good Time), and the non-album "The Big Bang Theory Theme".
In September 2015, TMZ discovered court documents filed by Steven Page over "The History of Everything (Theme from The Big Bang Theory)" Page alleged that he was promised 20 percent of the proceeds from the song, which includes revenue generated from this album, claiming former bandmate Ed Robertson kept that money for himself.
Whiz Bang Films.com/The Yard
In 2007, he returned to the music industry and, in June 2010, Egg released the album, Big Bang Baby Boom (Spiff Key).
2001 Bang on a Can Marathon, New York and Kennedy Centre, Washington DCE.
 Happening - Performed by Chiddy Bang
This time Teen Top's album photography is done by renowned photographer Hong Jang Hyun, who previously worked with Big Bang, 2NE1, and Lee Hyo Ri.
Teen Top worked with producer Bang Si Hyuk and composer Park Chang Hyeon (whose hits include TVXQ's Hug and Fly to the Sky's Missing You) to create a musically diverse mini-album.
Gurzadyan and Penrose discussed information panspermia within the Conformal Cyclic Cosmology, and the cosmic microwave background radiation transferring information from pre-Big Bang aeon to ours.
It starts with 8-bit particles coming to a "celestial boil" in the first few seconds, followed up by "what the birth of the universe must have sounded like had the Big Bang occurred inside the original Nintendo Entertainment System", according to Paste critic Wyndham Wyeth.
Plan B: Torey Pudwill's Big Bang!
Cold Shot played alongside such bands as the Bullet Boys, Bang Tango, Guns N' Roses and Motörhead.
 Leslie Winkle, a recurring character on the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, played by Sara Gilbert
Holmes signed to Bang II Records and released his debut album, All I Ever Wanted, in 1998.
By year's end he recorded a 13 track cassette called Bang The Bass Bopmania.
 Down With A Bang #29 (2016)
 Bang the Bass Bopmania (1991)
Tegg's Prime Song Book, bang up to the mark, 1810; third collection, 1810; fourth collection, 1810.
Marcus Fredrik Bang was married three times:
(Basic Books 2009) and co-author or Big Bang Disruption: Strategy in the Age of Devastating Innovation (Portfolio 2014).
In February 2011, the band released "Rescue Me", a collaboration with Chiddy Bang, as a stop-gap release.
Beginning with the Big Bang he believes creation has continued through a series of waves, each one a factor of 20 times shorter in duration than the one preceding it.
Aka bèhè ki binga la'akè bang binga alyè bèhè.
WGCZ Holding also owns Bang Bros, DDF Network, Penthouse magazine, Private Media Group, and Erogames and has a controlling interest in the productions gathered under the Legal Porno brand.
Performers at the 2007 festival included Big Bang, CL, F.T.
Performers were TVXQ, Super Junior, Big Bang, Dynamic Duo, Epik High, f(x), Shinee, Ailee, B1A4, 2NE1, Secret, B.A.P, Sistar, T-ara, Glam, Teen Top, CN Blue, Exo, F.T.
In the morning, a loud bang followed by a rumbling surprises the two awake.
Shin Seung-hwan as Bang Geuk-bong
A loud bang was heard shortly after.
In 2013, KakaoTalk began airing TV commercials in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Vietnam featuring Big Bang.
Since then he has received dozens of commissions, and has had his music performed at leading classical music festivals including Bang on a Can Marathon Concerts, Tanglewood, the Carlsbad Music Festival, and the MATA Festival.
The festival has been compared to the genre-indifferent Bang on a Can, but with less of the latter's highbrow intimidation and intellectualized atmosphere.
A live version recorded in Melbourne in 1982 by the Big Bang Combo was issued on volume 13 of the cassette magazine Fast Forward in October of that year.
 6th Infantry Division - Brigadier General Bang Ho-san
 Developing Business with the Rural Poor Programme (DBRP): Cao Bang and Ben Tre
The programme’s goal is to help develop market and business opportunities for poor rural people in Ben Tre and Cao Bang provinces.
Progress has been slower in Cao Bang.
Bang Rhythm Section (Track 10)
 Bang Eun-hee as Park Chan-sook
"The Love Car Displacement" is an episode of the television series The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on January 20, 2011.
"The Roommate Transmogrification" is the fourth season finale of the television series The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on May 19, 2011.
 Smash Smash Bang (2009)
Debicki had a leading role in the 2019 thriller The Burnt Orange Heresy, in which she starred opposite Claes Bang and Mick Jagger.
Matthew van der Want's debut album, "Turn on You", was recorded in 1996 by Lloyd Ross of Shifty Records and released on the Tic Tic Bang record label in December.
Stian Westerhus (born 2 April 1979) is a Norwegian guitarist known for his experimental style, explored with keyboardist Øystein Moen in the bands Jaga Jazzist and Puma and with Sidsel Endresen, Nils Petter Molvær, Arve Henriksen, Jan Bang, and Ingar Zach.
Lyrical Gang Bang Life
Shortly thereafter, Hambridge released his album Bang N' Roll (2004) and the album Live (2007).
With Planet EarthBig Bang (1993)
Christian Wa are more likely to support the use of Standard Wa, since their Bible is based on a standard version of Wa, which is in turn based on the variant spoken in Bang Wai, 150 miles north of Kengtung (Watkins 2002).
Bang Wai is located in Northern Shan State, Burma, close to the Chinese border where Cangyuan County is located.
Along with his fellow Elements Garden members, he is the composer and arranger for the BanG Dream!
I never got a big bang out of putting people in jail.
 Big Bang – "Ping Pong" – 5:40
This lineup recorded Wolfe's sixth (studio) release since leaving Sheryl's band, Stripped Down at The Bang Palace.
Despite his folksy background, general lack of literacy, and what were considered generally vulgar ways, Liu Bang had a great regard for literature and learning.
 Chen Daoming as Liu Bang
Chen Daoming had been confirmed to play Liu Bang while Peter Ho was a likely choice for the role of Xiang Yu.
The story will begin from Liu Bang starting off as a patrol officer in Pei County, until he established the Han dynasty and became the emperor.
According to Mariscal, Twipsy is said to be a burst of energy who came "...from a distant past such as is the Big Bang, a spark in expansion that became a star, a cell, an invertebrate, a reptile, a bird, a mammal..." and into his present form.
George and the Big Bang is a 2011 children's book written by Stephen and Lucy Hawking.
On February 25, 2012, he defeated Yukihiko Komiya via majority decision at Big Bang 8 in Tokyo.
For release in the United States, the track was remixed to feature Chiddy Bang.
He then worked with the botanist Niels Hofman Bang which awoke his interest in algae.
She also appeared during the third season of Lorre's sister show The Big Bang Theory in the episode "The Plimpton Stimulation" as Dr. Elizabeth Plimpton.
Cheers had guest stars such as Ana Belén, José Coronado, Carolina Bang, Luis Varela, Xavier Deltell, Jaime Blanch, Sara Carbonero and Carlos Areces, among others.
 Amy Farrah Fowler, a character on the TV series The Big Bang Theory
 as Bang Beom-yong (방범용)
Julie Romandetta of the Boston Herald believed it to be an anticlimactic finish to the concert, calling the song "low-key" and saying "U2 soared for more than 90 minutes, but left with a whimper, instead of a bang."
Angeline Quinto covered the song "Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
Phu Wiang National Park is the upstream source of Huai Sai Khao, which flows into Nam Phong Huai Bang, leaving Huai Nam Lai, which will flow into Chern Huai Ruea, Huai Khum Poon, Huai Nam Bon, and Huai Maew, which will flow into Huai Bong, both Nam Phong, Hua Yong.
From the beach at Hat Bang Ben, some of the 20 offshore islands are visible, such as Ko Kam Yai, Ko Kam Noi, Mu Ko Yipun, Ko Khang Khao, and Ko Phayam, while Ko Kam Tok (alternate Ko Ao Khao Khwai) and Ko Kam Yai are not visible from this beach.
Cabral competed in the Bang Out jersey for the majority of the 2016 season.
Sac Relays and Canadian National Championships while competing for Bang Out TC.
The show BIG BANG is based on the theory of evolution, which, after a massive explosion, six people on a small island rewrite the history of the world.
The new pairing started off with a bang by capturing the Pune open doubles title in front of the home crowd.
Rumai: Nan Sang, Guang Ka, Mang Bang
 2010: Roller Coaster Plus Date Big Bang - Seo-young
In addition to some of Greg Lindstrom's old Cirith Ungol tunes, Falcon also included a cover of the Bang song "Redman".
Accordingly, the Big Bang was a nonsingular Big Bounce at which the universe had a finite, minimum scale factor.
Or, the Big Bang was a supermassive white hole that was the result of a supermassive black hole at the heart of a galaxy in our parent universe.
The apparatus should produce a bang at adjustable intervals.
Carè A, Catalucci D, Felicetti F, Bonci D, Addario A, Gallo P, Bang M-L, Segnalini P, Gu Y, Dalton ND, Elia L, Latronico MVG, Høydal M, Autore C, Russo MA, Dorn GW, Ellingsen Ø, Ruiz-Lozano P, Peterson KL, Croce CM, Peschle C, Condorelli G. MicroRNA-133 controls cardiac hypertrophy.
He was never happier than when he was creating a big bang and those were the days before the health-and-safety police."
Tày Bảo Lạc – spoken in Bảo Lạc District, western Cao Bang province.
Tày Trùng Khánh – spoken in Trùng Khánh District, northeastern Cao Bang province.
Biff Bang Pow: "In a Mourning Town" – 2:37
This title had first been granted to Xiahou Ying (d. 172 BCE), who had helped Liu Bang (r. 202–195 BCE) to establish the Han dynasty.
Indiaglitz wrote: "Fun unlimited, Sundar C has shown his value as a director of commercial entertainers earlier and reinforces it again with a bang with 'Kalakalappu', which sure turns out to be a summer treat".
The album was recorded in May and June 2011 at Karma Sound Studios in Bang Saray, Thailand, and at the Fortress in London, United Kingdom.
After leaving the Qin court, he joined the services of Xiang Liang, Emperor Yi of Chu and Xiang Yu, before surrendering to Liu Bang when the Han armies took Pengcheng in 205 BC.
In 195 BC, before his death, Liu Bang thought of changing his crown prince from Liu Ying to Liu Ruyi, son of Consort Qi; Shusun was one of the officials who advised against the change.
Shusun Tong was a native of Xue (:zh:薛国), only about 30 km from the birthplace of Liu Bang, which made him well acquainted with the Chu musical tradition and thus allowed to accommodate the Qin ritual to the Han imperial taste.
Throughout the year the band worked on the video, in between live appearances across Ireland including Forfey Festival in County Fermanagh, Belly Bang festival in County Tipperary and Belfast support slots with Duke Special and Delorentos.
 "Shopping" (Ryan Bang song), 2015
 "Always Got Something to Lose" (2004) – Bang!
is a guide that can "help parents and students determine where they might get the best bang for their buck."
Challengers for the 2011 title were teams assembled by YMCMB, Matt & Kim, Wiz Khalifa, Chiddy Bang and 2-time defending champion Jim Jones.
The translation was met with skepticism, both from those who felt that it was bad language in the translation, such as Bishop Anton Christian Bang, and from the Faculty of Theology, which were critical of the choice of base texts for the translation.
The last ten years of work was carried out by an audit committee consisting of the theological professors Anton Christian Bang, Sigurd Odland, and Elias Blix, as well as linguist Johan Storm.
Kidde made his debut as a playwright in 1983 with the play "En måge over Ejer Bavnehøj" (A seagull over Ejer Bavnehøj) at Det Danske Teater and as an actor in 2005 in Jon Bang Carlsen's English language movie Blinded Angels which takes place in Cape Town in South Africa.
Syndicated programming featured on the station includes Family Guy, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Big Bang Theory and Two and a Half Men among others.
He originally auditioned for YG Entertainment, where he befriended G-Dragon and Taeyang of Big Bang.
Farid Bang rapper of Moroccan origin
As well as fellow labelmates Bang Yong-guk, Kim Himchan, and Moon Jongup from B.A.P.
Jill Kocalis as Colada Bang
Towards the end of the match, The Young Bucks performed double superkicks on both members of The Colony and then went for their finishing maneuver More Bang for Your Buck, which Soldier Ant managed to block with his knees, before rolling up Matt for the win.
Thus, no pointlike Big Bang occurred in the past.
"We'll Get A Bang Out Of Life" was written by Herst and Sharpe with the bandleader Anson Weeks and was recorded by Kay Kyser and His Orchestra (1938).
 We’ll Get a Bang Out of Life - 1938 (with Jack Sharpe)
The hip-hop kings, collectively known as The Throne, opened the most anticipated hip-hop tour of the year with a bang."
He was an advisor to Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
He played an important role in helping Liu Bang overcome his rival, Xiang Yu, in the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC).
Around this time, Chen Ping defected from Xiang Yu's side to Liu Bang, another prominent rebel leader.
Liu Bang founded the Han dynasty and became historically known as "Emperor Gaozu of Han".
Throughout his service under Liu Bang, there are six well known strategies that Chen Ping came up with to help his lord in overcoming his rivals and pacifying the empire.
Helping Liu Bang escape from danger during the Battle of Xingyang by diverting the enemy's attention away through disguise.
Advising Liu Bang to grant Han Xin the title of a vassal king and a fief.
When Liu Bang heard rumours that Han Xin was plotting against him and harbouring a fugitive Zhongli Mo (one of Xiang Yu's generals), Chen Ping suggested to lure Han Xin into a trap and capture him.
Han Xin fell for the ruse and was taken captive when he came to meet Liu Bang.
Liu Bang pardoned Han Xin later but still demoted him from a vassal king to a marquis.
Suggesting to Liu Bang to bribe Modu Chanyu's wife with gifts and ask her to request for her husband to lift the siege during the Battle of Baideng.
 Super-Rapper: Farid Bang – Cro – Nicki Minaj
After organizing a convention of "scrappers" in Florence in November 2010, Renzi repeated the event in November 2011 under the Big Bang name.
The Financial Services Act 1986 led to a deregulation later dubbed as Big Bang.
In The Big Bang Theory, the song is described by Sheldon as a song sung by his mother when he is ill.
The lyrics on The Big Bang Theory are: "Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur!
A scene in an episode of Young Sheldon, the prequel series to The Big Bang Theory, depicts the origin of the song.
Shah Shujas army of 25,000 were commanded by his sons Buland Akhtar, Sultan Bang and Zainul Abedin.
Randell Roberts for Los Angeles Times noted that "Rihanna wants her music to bang, and she does so by continuing to mine the connection between R&B, hip-hop and house."
The best-known example is represented by the conditions in the first 10−43 seconds of our universe after the Big Bang, approximately 13.8 billion years ago.
A French invasion of Taiwan was halted and the French were defeated on land in Tonkin at the Battle of Bang Bo.
The sixth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory aired on CBS from September 27, 2012, to May 16, 2013.
In regards to sending the Howard Wolowitz character into space, June Thomas of Slate wrote that "The Big Bang Theorys creators deserve praise for their willingness to shake things up.
Other exhibitions have been curated by Richard Grayson, Lars Bang Larsen and Alice Motard.
 The limited boxed set slipcase edition by Nuclear Blast contains a DVD from the Bang Your Head!!!
 Bang and Olufsen BeoSound 5
Famous musicians are invited to close each day of the fest with a bang.
Concerts of Naresh Iyer, Stephen Devassy and Pakistani sensational band Noori made each day of 25th edition of Spring Spree end with a bang 
He has been active with Creation Ministries International and is known for his opposition to the Big Bang theory and criticism of the dark matter and dark energy hypotheses.
"The Flaming Spittoon Acquisition" is the tenth episode of the fifth season of The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on November 17, 2011.
He is currently known for his role as Jesper Bang in the comedy/crime series Black Widows.
Featuring Molly Balsby (DK), Thomas Boberg (DK), Mathilde Walter Clark (DK), Robert Crumb (US), Aline Kominsky-Crumb (US), Rachel Cusk (UK), Tomas Espedal (NO), Matias Faldbakken (NO), Karen Fastrup (DK), Kristian Bang Foss (DK), C.Y.
The Big Bang Theory (episodes 88-102)
Mantzoukas has a main role in the Paramount+ comedy series No Activity, and has had recurring roles on The League as Rafi, Enlightened, Kroll Show, Parks and Recreation, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Transparent, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, I'm Sorry, and The Good Place.
Bang!, Womp It Up!, and Reply All.
Like she would hit me and my sisters with baseball bats, bang our heads up against walls, and she would always tell me I was ugly.
Mae Thom () is a subdistrict (Tambon) in Bang Klam District, Songkhla, Thailand.
Rowan Wingate Robertson (born 22 November 1971) is an English rock guitarist who currently performs in the Las Vegas production show Raiding the Rock Vault and plays for Bang Tango.
As of 2014, Rowan Robertson is a member of Bang Tango.
In 2011, her second single, "Going Crazy" featuring Bang Yong-guk, went to become her first number one single on the Gaon Chart as a solo artist.
Tai dialects of Northern Vietnam: Sapa , Vinh Yen, and Cao Bang (Kra-Dai).
A note is that while all characters are visually unique from each other, they are all functionally the same with no real advantages or disadvantages from each other in terms of stats, apart from a few limited-edition characters who are, for example; able to see better through smoke or reduce the visual incapacitating effects of flash bang grenades.
Contestants included Xiao Bing & Xiao Bang, who were finalists on China's Got Talent.
All other teams trailing them checked-in during the penalty time, dropping Xiao Bing & Xiao Bang to last place and resulting in their elimination.
Bosch is located in Los Angeles and does most of his voice-over work at Bang Zoom!
Ralph Asher Alpher (1921–2007), National Medal of Science 2005 for his research in Big Bang nucleosynthesis, and the prediction of the temperature of cosmic background radiation.
Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang noted that the "absence of drums contributes to the album's quieter sound, and Guaraldi displays none of the Latin-influenced touch that later would consume him, and very little of the energetic chops he delivered while working with the Woody Herman and Cal Tjader bands."
TV Fanatic's Leigh Raines gave the episode a 4/5 rating, saying while the show "definitely went out with a bang, it didn't totally blow my socks off...
She also changes her hairstyle, leaving a bang of hair out of her hairband.
Khlong Rop Krung (canal encircling city) was merged from Bang Lamphu and Ong Ang Canals.
Another section of 12.8-km to connect to Bang Pu district in Samut Prakan Province has also been planned for a later stage.
Bang () is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.
There is a Chinese shrine of Mazu on the hilltop which affords views of the surrounding landscape, including Bang Saen Beach, and there is another shrine at the foot of the escarpment.
 Bang It Out (featuring Karmin) [Fearless Records]
 Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (Megsie Green (Lil Woods))
Notable titles other than Better Comics included Big Bang Comics, Lucky Comics and Rocket Comics.
 Bing Bang Comics (31 issues, November–December 1941 - May–June 1946)
He has produced hit songs for After School, Sistar, 4Minute, T-ara, Son Dam Bi, Big Bang, Brown Eyed Girls, AOA, Hello Venus, RANIA and U-KISS.
Tuck faced Tae Hyun Bang on May 16, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 66.
At the following show, Devil's Night 2009 in October, Elgin earned his first victory for the promotion by defeating Big Bang Pete.
ChronoZoom is a free open source project that visualizes time on the broadest possible scale from the Big Bang to the present day.
Kompayak won the WBC light flyweight champion from Adrián Hernández in the thrilling fight at Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 11th Guards, Bang Khen, with KO in the 10th rounds at the end of 2011  (after the floods in Thailand ended shortly).
But in the same year (mid 2013), he lost it immediately after 12th rounds in the fight against Koki Eto, a Japanese boxer at Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 11th Guards, Bang Khen.
"Ray Charles" is a single released from American rap group Chiddy Bang.
Breakfast is the debut studio album by American rap duo Chiddy Bang, released in the United States through I.R.S.
Bang Your Head 2010
In return, the Joker murders him either with a venomous spear gun disguised as a BANG!
Moore was born in Oxfordshire, England, and has studied with Australian composers Larry Sitsky, Jim Cotter, and Michael Smetanin; Dutch composers Louis Andriessen, Martijn Padding, Diderik Wagenaar and Gilius van Bergeijk; and attended summer schools including Bang on a Can hosted by David Lang, Julia Wolfe and Michael Gordon and Tanglewood hosted by John Harbison, Michael Gandolfi and Helen Grime.
Bang!, Improv4Humans and Womp It Up!
21 AUG 2010, the seventh king "Hit songs bang "Mainland's most promising newcomer award" and "Hit singer-songwriter King Award", "Leo" won the "Top Ten Golden Melody Awards"
Moments before the building caught on fire, there were unconfirmed reports that a loud bang was heard.
 Bang, Anton Christian: Den norske kirkes historie i reformations-aarhundredet.
 Physicists collide gold ions together to produce a quark–gluon plasma, similar to that which existed in the first instant after the Big Bang.
The galaxy, which is estimated to have formed around "380 million years" after the Big Bang (about 13.75 billion years ago), is approximately 13.37 billion light years from Earth.
In addition, the study finds that 95 percent of the early universe is composed of dark matter and energy, the curvature of space is less than 0.4 percent of "flat", and the universe emerged from the cosmic Dark Ages "about 400 million years" after the Big Bang.
October 24: Big Bang Alive Galaxy Tour live at the Mall of Asia Arena
Bang Away of Sirrah Crest, a Boxer, and Ch.
The cast of The Big Bang Theory made a flashmob of the song on October 23, 2012, during the live taping of an episode.
 Bang Min-ah (January 13, 2012)
Many people like Big Bang, Wonder Girls, 2NE1, F(x), 2PM, Kim Tae-hee, SHINee, U-Kiss and Seoul Samsung Thunders used the service as a way of keeping their fans updated about their whereabouts.
 Flash Bang Grenada – "In a Perfect World" from 10 Haters (2011)
The children were playing with the hand grenade when it exploded with a bang in a street in College Town.
5, which connects Bang Pa-in to Mae Sai and Chiang Khong.
The Being and Becoming series concerns the expansion of the universe since the Big Bang.
TV Fanatic's Sean McKenna rated the episode with 4 out of 5 stars, saying, "Overall, 'God of Chaos' didn't end with the same bang that the show first started out with, but it left the door wide open for plenty of strong possibilities for the future."
Following the break-up, L'Heureux became lead vocalist for the band Mistrust while Kristoffersen and Earl joined the band TKO, appearing on their third album Below the Belt, then relocated to Hollywood, California and formed The Bang Gang, which released Love Sells... in 1990 on Sinclair/MCA Records.
 Bang Yong Guk of B.A.P/Jepp Blackman - Last One (Feat.
 Hee-bong: Dirty Cash – Big Bang (ep.
 Seul: Dirty Cash – Big Bang (ep.
 Bang for Your Buck
was the first time they partnered with Bang Zoom for an English dub (the studio they would almost exclusively work with for dubs from this point on).
In 2004, Louis Poulsen Lighting, Fritz Hansen, Royal Copenhagen and Bang & Olufsen cooperated on an exhibition in Tokyo on the occasion of Queen Margrethe's official visit to Japan in November.
Canning stated that "the tension between Will and Emma was a welcome change", and Votta commented on the episode's less dramatic ending with Will's apology and "celebrating Emma's new-found tenure with a dinner" with the conclusion, "sometimes you don't need a big bang to get oomph out of an episode".
He translated into Romanian writers such as Hjalmar Bergman, August Strindberg, Artur Lundkvist, Hans Scherfig, Herman Bang, Sigrid Undset, Knut Hamsun.
2016: Carnival, Put 'Em Up, Noir, and Fly High, Bang Yongguk's Hiatus 
Noir included standout track "Confession", a duet by rappers Bang Yongguk and Zelo set to a symphonic chorus that directly addressed their feelings during the lawsuit and subsequent hiatus.
She also appeared in several other films like Schoolgirl Blackboard Jungle and Undressing Mahjong Gakuen Z On April 19, 2014 she starred in her last AV with Idea Pocket Gang Bang Rika Hoshimi.
Jillian Mapes of Billboard wrote: "Going out with a bang is not necessary when you started with three of them.
In 202BC, the former peasant Liu Bang emerged victorious from the Chu–Han Contention that followed the rebellion that toppled the Qin dynasty, and proclaimed himself Emperor of the Han dynasty, becoming known as Emperor Gaozu of Han (r.202–195BC) to posterity.
It was replaced by Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
The discography of American alternative hip hop band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Chiddy Bang consists of one studio album, four singles.
The women who search the desert look for the calcium in the form of bones while the astronomers look for calcium as a remnant of stars and the big bang.
His television work includes Tracey Ullman in the Trailer Tales, Tracey Ullman's State of the Union, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, The Big Bang Theory, Salem, NCIS, Conan, and Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
His credits include You Again?, The Charmings, Babes, Harry and the Hendersons, Hang Time, Smart Guy, Unhappily Ever After, Grace Under Fire, The King of Queens and The Big Bang Theory.
Of the 12 seasons (280 episodes) of The Big Bang Theory, Murray served as an associate director for 86 episodes and the director of two episodes,  "The Engagement Reaction" and "The Rhinitis Revelation."
She was born before her father Liu Bang became a serious political contender, after which most of her early life was spent avoiding capture by enemy forces.
Liu Bang was proclaimed Emperor Gaozu of the Han Dynasty in 202 BCE.
The Han Triumph, also known as Wind Ode, is a Chinese television series based on historical events in the early Han dynasty, beginning with the founding of the dynasty by Liu Bang (Emperor Gao) after his triumph over Xiang Yu, and the events leading to the reign of Liu Heng (Emperor Wen).
The scene plays out as before except Reggie continually moves the parcel around the room to avoid it shattering as the men argue and bang the table.
The specific name was given to honour the people of Bang Tawa village, the type locality of the species.
A broadcast dub version, featuring the same cast as Bang Zoom!
It was co-written by Gruzman, Lyell and Rosselli after the duo contacted the musician/producer to provide an original track for a compilation album by their label Bang Gang.
 Nephew - Yun Bang (윤방, 尹昉) (22 June 1563 - August 1640)
The first episode of the show has been dubbed into English by Bang Zoom!
"Bing Bang Boom" is a song written by Hugh Prestwood, and recorded by American country music band Highway 101.
It was released in April 1991 as the first single and title track from their album Bing Bang Boom.
When Linda refuses, a now sadistic Chuck takes her to a party and forces Linda to participate in a gang bang.
In October 2013, the Smithsonian Institution recognized "I Am the Best" as a key work in the spread of the Korean wave around the world with "The Boys" by Girls' Generation, "Gangnam Style" by Psy, and "Fantastic Baby" by Big Bang, among others.
He has a secret, one-sided crush on Bang Woo-kyung.
Bang!- Live at AKASAKA BLITZ" show, along with Playcards and 1 trading card randomly selected out of 9 different styles.
The CD & DVD Edition contains the CD album and a DVD containing the 5 Original Japanese Version music videos, and three Japanese Dance Edit Version music videos of Bang!, Diva and Rambling Girls.
The year 2019 started off with a bang for the banner with F2: Fun and Frustration turning out be a massive hit.
The song features BAP's Bang Yong-guk, who sings the rap parts of the song.
The song managed to peak at number one on the Gaon Single Chart despite strong competition from Big Bang and IU.
On March 3, 2011 TS Entertainment released the music video for "Going Crazy" with the rap parts sung by Bang Yong-guk from the then unknown group BAP.
Song Ji-eun and Bang Yong-guk first performed "Going Crazy" on Mnet's M Countdown on March 3, 2011.
Other highlights of "Going Crazy" was the featured rapper Bang Yong-guk, whom fans praised his performance for his "husky and fiery delivery".
Bang Yong-guk – vocals, rap, songwriting
Along with Jun Hyo-seong, B.A.P's Kim Him-chan and Bang Yong-guk, Han was chosen as a model for Kellan'' sportswear 11/12 Winter Collection in September 2011.
The title of the work is taken from the term ylem, a word used in medieval Latin, the accusative of the borrowed Greek term hylē (ὕλη, "matter"), and adopted in the 1940s by the physicists George Gamow and Ralph Alpher to refer to the essential material of the universe, in the context of the "Big Bang theory.
Vivian Bang, as Susan Sullivan, is Steve's younger sister.
Valerie Azlynn, Jodi Long, Vivian Bang, Owen Benjamin, and Dan Lauria were added to the cast in October.
 Bang Khun Phrom Palace (1906)
Then Prime MinisterDavid Cameron has defended the Green Deal, stating that despite the lack of interest from the general public and a slow take-up, the policy was never intended to start with a big bang, but rather to build slowly.
David Underhill, character in The Big Bang Theory (TV series)
His historical analogue is Liu Bang, the first emperor of Han Dynasty.
He has performed for Omarion, High School Musical star Vanessa Hudgens and Justin Bieber, and has choreographed several dance routines for J. Lewis, NLT, Travis Garland, Luhan (singer) and for Korean groups Big Bang (most notably Taeyang), 2NE1, Se7en, BTS, and Henry's 1st single, "Trap".Jeon Jungkook also stated that he worked with lifestyle movement before debut.
After moving to North Hollywood, Shaun Evaristo was contacted by YG Entertainment to work for Korean pop group Big Bang.
He choreographed the routines for Big Bang member Tae Yang's  hit music videos "Wedding Dress" and "I Need A Girl", as well as a few others.
After spending 10 seasons with Woodlands, Ahmadulhaq finally got his big break in his 11th season with the Rams in 2012 when he was named as the first choice goalkeeper ahead of Woodlands' regular goalkeeper for the 2011 S.League season, Ang Bang Heng.
BRICC, an architectural and renovations consultation service offered to the public by the architecture program, is also located in wing C. The dental hygiene program is located in wing E, while wing F contains the literature department and other classrooms, multipurpose rooms and auditoriums, as well as the art gallery Bang!
Pejić termed the method the Big Bang Method, and the sculptures born in this way as "self-born sculptures".
 Bang Lang National Park
Photon decoupling is closely related to recombination, which occurred about 378,000 years after the Big Bang (at a redshift of z = ), when the universe was a hot opaque ("foggy") plasma.
Along with Han Sunhwa, Kim Himchan and Bang Yong Guk, Hyoseong was chosen as a model for KELLAN sportswear 11/12 Winter Collection in September 2011.
He was known for his practical jokes, one of which was to place a small balloon full of red ink inside his crash helmet, giving the appearance of blood should he fall and bang his head, which he would often do for dramatic effect if he was losing a race.
Alive is the fifth Korean-language extended play by South Korean group Big Bang.
Teddy Park of YG Entertainment and Big Bang member G-Dragon produced the majority of the music for the EP with the help of other producers such as DJ Murf and Peejay.
"Blue" was released on February 22, 2012, as the EP's lead single, and thereafter Big Bang released previews of other tracks on YouTube every day from February 23–28.
On March 9, 2012, it was revealed that Big Bang was the first act to occupy 5 out of the top 10 spots on Billboards K-pop Hot 100 with "Blue", "Bad Boy", "Fantastic Baby", "Ain't No Fun", and "Love Dust".
In December 2019, Billboard ranked Alive number 22 on their list of The 25 Greatest K-Pop Albums of the 2010s; Caitlin Kelley praised the record's musical craftsmanship and wrote that it represented "the moment when Big Bang crossed the threshold from above-average hitmakers to full-fledged icons."
In 1989, Saen Suk (which includes the much frequented beach resort of Bang Saen) received the status of a municipality and Somchai, as the only candidate, became its first mayor.
In the TV show The Big Bang Theory a Vagisil coupon that came in the mail to Sheldon Cooper appears at the end of the second episode of the seventh season, which he presents as a gift to Penny with a comment: "Think of me when you apply it".
The World's Biggest Gang Bang III – The Houston 620 is a 1999 pornographic film directed by Greg Alves.
The film is hosted by Ron Jeremy, and stars Houston in a gang bang format.
Magnetic monopoles in spin ice featured in an episode of The Big Bang Theory not long after the theoretical proposal, while time crystals appeared in an episode of Star Trek: Discovery.
Linda Stasi of the New York Post wrote: "If the goal of Bravo's newest stereotyping gang bang, Shahs of Sunset, is to make Persians in LA look like egomaniacs, soulless bores whom you wouldn't want to spend five minutes with, let alone an hour, then they've succeeded."
Claes Bang as Claudio (Claus Damgaard)
"Connected For Life" is the second single released off Mack 10's fifth studio album, Bang or Ball.
The idea for LemonAid stemmed from a pilot programme recorded by Francis in July 2011, entitled The Bang Tidy Show.
Vinay’s next film was the social comedy Dr. Cabbie, produced by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan and co-starring Big Bang Theory star Kunal Nayyar.
It was produced by Congolese R&B singer-songwriter Mohombi who had previously worked with South Korean group BIG BANG on a number of their Japanese songs.
Pat's started with a bang, taking an early lead through Chris Forrester with a terrific strike.
The initial postal service area was limited to Sam Sen on the north, Bang Kho Laem on the south, Talad Phlu on the west, and Si Prathum on the east.
Asking Robert to come in and close the window for her, she proceeds to make a lot of noise and bang the furniture around.
In a pre-release comment, popular culture expert Robert Thompson said: "The fact is, the story has developed in so many odd ways with all the controversy, and the sequel can't really promise the bang of that first video—which is informing people of something they did not know before.
The Young Bucks retaliated by hitting Gargano with a double superkick and a More Bang for Your Buck to win the third fall and become the new Campeones de Parejas.
Nue has acted as an agent for Clipse, Wale, Mike Posner, Chiddy Bang, White Panda,
She even developed her own characters on YouTube, such as Mexican-American homegirl Little Loca and 15-year-old wild child Katrina, who claimed she slept with hundreds of men in one day to be on Bang Bus.
"We Belong Together" (Big Bang song) (2006).
Bang The Drum (2012)
The Front toured the U.S. with many acts of the period including Bang Tango, Jason Bonham, Enuff Z'nuff and Alice Cooper.
 Ignazio Licata, Leonardo Chiatti: The archaic universe: big bang, cosmological term and the quantum origin of time in projective cosmology, International Journal of Theoretical Physics, vol.
 "It's Been So Long", track on 2008 EP Bang Band Sixxx by VAST
After Liu Bang established the Han dynasty in 202 BC, he appointed Ying Bu as a vassal king and granted him the title "King of Huainan".
In the winter of 207 BC, the last Qin emperor Ziying surrendered to Liu Bang in Xianyang (the Qin capital), bringing an end to the Qin dynasty.
At the same time, Liu Bang (King of Han) formed an alliance with five other kings and took advantage of Xiang Yu's absence to attack and seize the latter's capital Pengcheng (彭城; present-day Xuzhou, Jiangsu).
Xiang Yu did not attack Ying Bu because he faced the threats of Qi and Zhao, and Liu Bang in the west, and also because he felt that Ying Bu was a talent and wanted the latter to remain on his side.
Liu Bang told his followers, "People like you are not worthy to discuss great plans with me."
Ying Bu wanted to meet Liu Bang after he arrived in Han.
Liu Bang was sitting on his bed and washing his feet when Ying Bu came to see him.
Ying Bu was furious because he felt that Liu Bang was treating him with contempt, and he regretted joining Han and wanted to commit suicide.
In 203 BC, Liu Bang instated Ying Bu as "King of Huainan" ().
Ying Bu and Zhou Yin led their armies to join Liu Bang in attacking Xiang Yu and eventually defeated Xiang at the Battle of Gaixia in 202 BC.
Following his victory in the Chu–Han Contention, Liu Bang was proclaimed "Emperor" and became historically known as "Emperor Gaozu of Han" after establishing the Han dynasty.
The restaurant is run by Danish Head Chef, Esben Holmboe Bang.
Bang Joon-seo - young Chan-young 
Bang Yong-guk (born March 31, 1990), also known mononymously as Yongguk, is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and best-selling author who served as the leader of boy group B.A.P up until his departure from TS Entertainment in August 2018.
In July of that year he released his first solo digital single, "I Remember", featuring Beast's Yoseob and in November he promoted in a sub-unit called Bang & Zelo with fellow B.A.P member Zelo, releasing the single "Never Give Up".
Bang first began meeting with other members of Soul Connection when he was in his second year of middle school after posting his rap lyrics on an online forum and being recognized for his skill.
In 2010, Bang was contacted by TS Entertainment to be part of a hip-hop idol group after the duo Untouchable recommended him.
!|url=http://news.nate.com/view/20110304n10177|publisher=Nate (SK Communications)|access-date=2012-02-08|language=ko}}</ref> It topped the Gaon Music Chart and Gaon Digital and Streaming Chart and gained attention for Bang as an artist; following the single's release, he trended on major portal search sites in South Korea and was requested for multiple broadcast appearances.
Bang was the first member to be announced as part of new TS Entertainment boy group B.A.P, of which he acts as the leader and main rapper.
On 4 April 2015 during the hiatus, Bang released a solo song titled "AM 4:44".
B.A.P made their comeback in November 2015 with the mini-album Matrix, produced and written by Bang.
On October 25, 2016, TS Entertainment revealed that Bang will not be participating in the promotions for B.A.P's upcoming  full-length album, Noir, due to anxiety disorders.
Bang returned from his hiatus to join the rest of the boys for the single's promotion, "Wake Me Up".
On April 25, 2018, Bang released the official music video of his solo instrumental track "Portrait", co-directed alongside Joe Brown.
On May 25, 2018, Bang released the official music video of his solo track titled "Drunkenness."
Following his departure from TS Entertainment, Bang released the MV for single "Hikikomori", a study of his own anxiety and fears facing both the stage and the world itself, with the title taken from the Japanese slang for 'shut-ins' that refuse to go outside due to various stressors.
A MV was filmed for "Ya", but Bang later posted that he had made the decision to "indefinitely postpone" the release due to various factors.
Bang enlisted in the Korean military as a public service officer on August 1, 2019.
On September 2, 2019, Bang announced through Consent that "Something to Talk About", a documentary he had directed in conjunction with producer Kim Jinbeom, had been selected for screening at the 2019 DMZ International Film Festival.
On September 16, 2021, Bang established his one-man agency Consent.
On November 23, 2021, Bang released the new single "Race".
Bang is predominantly a hip-hop artist and cites 50 Cent, P. Diddy, and Pharrell as musical influences.
Bang also pulls influence from jazz and blues as well as rock/metal and alt-rock.
As well as rapping, Bang also acts as a songwriter and producer for many of B.A.P's songs, including all the tracks from their debut EP Warrior as well as tracks on various albums including Noir, Carnival, and Matrix''.
Furthermore, Bang is the lyricist for all B.A.P's songs, and takes influence from his life as well as world events.
Bang is credited on his self-titled album as executive producer, lyricist, track producer, and art director, and self-directs videos for his solo work from conception to editing.
The controversial cover of the comic's first issue was referenced in "The Meemaw Materialization", the February 4, 2016 episode of the American TV sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
It was released in January 1992 as the third single from the 1991 album Bing Bang Boom.
It also means the barney was moving down hill and away from the latched cars which would then accelerate and bang into the small barneys with considerable force, part of which was transmitted via the cables to everything in the system.
 2010: Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang (pol.
The book frames and examines existence, from the Big Bang to DNA to human communication to artificial intelligence, in terms of information processes.
He might cause walls to creak or bang pots or sing.
Youn Yuh-jung as Bang Yang-seon (the Queen Mother)
At the September 2009 Comic-Con, Johnny Galecki of The Big Bang Theory exemplified a "non-traditional relationship" with Sam and Diane and said that "not all couples meet, get together, and marry."
The band embarked on a summer festival tour in July 2014, performing at Masters Of Rock, Leyendas del Rock, Moscow Metal Meeting and Bang Your Head among others.
They then decided to leave the team in order to play in different Italian professional clubs like Maa boumsong (Inter Milan), Matute (Udinese); Bayang bang (Bellinzona, Switzerland), Etogo (Greece) and Mapoka (TP 47 in Finland).
In the early-20th century, the discovery of other galaxies and the development of the Big Bang theory led to the development of cosmological models of a homogeneous, isotropic Universe, which lacks a central point and is expanding at all points.
 Lars DANIELSSON : "Northern Lights" recorded live in Leipzig,Germany./feat: Nils Peter Molvaer, Eyvind Aarset, Jan Bang, Roberto Di Gioia.
Kyle Smith of the New York Post gave the film one out of four stars, saying "the comedy-action mash-up is as weird as if the Dark Knight took a break from belting the Joker to plug Pizza Hut and bang out a hiphop beat on his nunchucks".
Johnny Galecki, American television actor (The Big Bang Theory); in Bree, Belgium
was created in 2011 by film producer Nikki Levy and Lizzie Czerner, the artistic director of the Bang Comedy Theatre.
In October 2011, they launched the first show in the lobby of the Bang Comedy Theatre, with a cast of unknown performers.
B.A.P's leader, Bang Yong-guk, co-wrote "Warrior".
The song was written and produced by Kang Ji-won and Kim Ki-bum, the same producers of Song Ji-eun's "Going Crazy" and Bang & Zelo's "Never Give Up".
Additionally, B.A.P's leader, Bang Yong-guk co-wrote "Warrior".
Bang Yong-guk – vocals, rap, writing
On January 16, 2012, TS Entertainment revealed the jacket photos of Bang Yong-guk and Jung Dae-hyun, thus revealing the latter as the fourth member.
TS Entertainment also announced that the title track, "Warrior", was composed by Kang Jiwon and Kim Kibum, whose previous works include Secret's "Magic", "Madonna", "Shy Boy", "Starlight Moonlight", as well as Bang & Zelo‘s "Never Give Up".
Additionally, B.A.P's leader, Bang Yong-guk, co-wrote "Warrior".
In 1977 Serner received the award for Best Actor at the 13th Guldbagge Awards for his roles in the films The Man on the Roof (1976) and Bang!
Prior to ETHEL, Lawson toured with Mikhail Baryshnikov's White Oak Dance Project, Bang on a Can All-Stars and Orpheus Chamber Orchestra.
Ending the year with a bang!
Vivian Bang (born October 23, 1973) is a South Korean-born American actress.
Bang graduated from Dunwoody High School.
Bang played Steve Byrne's sister on the TBS sitcom Sullivan & Son.
Bang took on the leading role in the film White Rabbit, which she co-wrote and co-produced with director Daryl Wein.
Liu Bang has been experiencing nightmares and living in fear and apprehension as he constantly suspects that someone is trying to kill him.
Liu Bang then reflects on key events in his life, such as the Feast at Hong Gate and the Battle of Gaixia.
Among all his subjects, Liu Bang regards Han Xin, Xiao He and Zhang Liang as the three most important persons who assisted him in overcoming Xiang Yu in the Chu–Han Contention.
Liu Bang reluctantly releases Han Xin and lets him stay in Zhang Liang's residence.
Liu Bang also dies shortly after.
 Liu Ye as Liu Bang
James Carter is a fringe theorist whose theory of "circlons" attempts to replace the existing theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, and the big bang theory with the idea that everything is made up of circular objects that interact in a mechanical way.
He proposes that instead of the Big Bang theory, the universe began when two circlons combined and mated, subdividing to make up all the matter in the universe.
 Johnny Galecki, actor (The Big Bang Theory, Roseanne, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation)
Bang Sung-joon (born July 10, 1990), credited mononymously as Sung Joon, is a South Korean actor and model.
Kaplan Thaler has co-authored four books with Robin Koval: Bang!
Crash Boom Bang is an American pop rock band based in Northern Virginia.
Crash Boom Bang have been fans of a wide variety of artists, including Guns N’ Roses, Maroon 5 and Lady Gaga.
The name Crash Boom Bang originates from a "tentative lyric in one of [their] songs" which lead singer Omar Ruiz suggested for the band’s name.
Crash Boom Bang shared a stage with Plain White T’s in 2008 and 2009, as well as Mayday Parade.
Crash Boom Bang is currently not signed to a record label.
W*USA 9 selected Crash Boom Bang to be in its Best Local Bands A-List in 2006.
In 2008, Crash Boom Bang appeared again in W*USA 9’s list, which showcases over a thousand of Washington DC's "best local businesses" who are nominated by readers, and then voted for online.
Bang Mi-sun reported that during her 18-month prison term around 20% of prisoners in her work group and in other work groups died.
 Bang Mi-sun (2000 – 2001 in Hamhung) was repatriated from China for illegal border-crossing.
On April 7, Exo-M made their television debut at China's 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards, performing "Mama."
The song was written by Bang Yong Guk and Kang Jiwon; and features vocals from Song Jieun.
Bang Yong Guk - vocals, rap, songwriting
The group debuted on 8 April 2012, with their title song "Mama", and Exo-M's first performance in China was publicly televised at the 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards.
The title track was used as the theme song for the summer events Natsu Sacas 2010 Akasaka Big Bang and Utsunomiya Hanabi Taikai 2010, while the first B-side, "Koshi-Tantan", was used as an insert song in the anime film Loups=Garous.
Big Bang and Tata Young were the first international artists to be included in the line-up besides the local bands and singers after Samsung sponsored with Coca-Cola.
Pushing and jostling was another problem, especially when Big Bang began their performance.
 Tradition Is a Temple Twelve Disciples of Nelson Mandela Why We Bang The Witness: From the Balcony of Room 306 *
In response to the inaccuracy of considering only general relativity, as in the traditional model of the Big Bang, alternative theoretical formulations for the beginning of the Universe have been proposed, including a string theory-based model in which two branes, enormous membranes much larger than the Universe, collided, creating mass and energy.
He is an influential proponent of plasma cosmology, a non-standard cosmology proposed as an alternative to the Big Bang and rejected by mainstream cosmologists.
Peratt's name is listed among the scientists signing "An Open Letter to the Scientific Community" (published in New Scientist in May 2004) that critiques the "growing number of hypothetical entities in the big bang theory".
The Big Bang Theory (2014–present)
Ang Bang Heng is a retired goalkeeper who last played for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S-League.
Bang Heng also received a medal with Balestier Khalsa when the Tigers finished second runners-up in the 2008 Singapore League Cup.
Bang Eun-hee as Jo Nam-shik
Its rating lost to American Idol, but beat out CBS's The Big Bang Theory, Person of Interest, and The Mentalist.
This placed the show fourth in total viewership in its time slot, behind American Idol, The Big Bang Theory, and Missing, but marked a slight uptick from the previous episode.
Bang Yong-guk - vocals, rap, songwriting
Kim Soo-hyun - Lieutenant Won Ryu-hwan / Bang Dong-gu
The Big Bang (1987) as Conseillé (voice)
Bang Min-ah as Hye-mi (cameo, ep 1 & 6)
The show placed fourth in its time slot overall behind American Idol, a repeat of The Big Bang Theory, and Missing.
The show placed fourth in its time slot behind American Idol, a repeat of The Big Bang Theory, and Missing.
The series led to releases such as "Timbuktu", "Stockholm Go Bang!"
2005: Stockholm – Go Bang!
2010: Black Ice / Circus of Life / Bang Me
Bang TV (formerly BoomBox) was a Chilean television channel owned by TVI Filmocentro S.A focused on music ranging from the broadcasting of national production, also including genres like Reggaetón, K-pop and pop music.
In 2010 the name was reverted to Bang TV because the name BoomBox TV was already registered.
The Big Bang Theory—Renewed for a seventh season on January 12, 2011.
He has performed as a soloist as well as with The Chocolate Watchband, The Gentle Cycle, The Bang Girl Group Revue, Joel Gion & The Primary Colours, Myron & E, and The Rain Parade, and Careless Hearts.
The police continued to bang on the door, and then attempted to force it open for approximately one hour.
Louder Than The Music's Jono Davies said "the album opens with a bang, the infectious upbeat opening single Suitcases sets the tone of upbeat funky style music for the whole album."
It is revealed that he was responsible for the Big Bang, hoping to create powerful beings capable of preventing a fast approaching apocalypse whose cause he could not determine.
With 12 goals and 14 assists, Cazorla announced his arrival in English football with a bang, as he ran away with 55.7% of the votes in the club poll.
John MacIntyre, a British customs official stationed in Terminal 2 when the detonation occurred said "There was a bloody big flash, a bang and lots of smoke.
Tyson considered that recent successes of science-oriented shows like The Big Bang Theory and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, along with films like Gravity, showed that "science has become mainstream" and expects Cosmos "will land on hugely fertile ground".
On the Wild Side: The Big Bang, ESP, the Beast 666, Levitation, Rainmaking, Trance-Channeling, Seances and Ghosts, and More... (1992), Prometheus Books; 
 Klaus-Dieter Bang — Blumentrost
Union indochinoise (1887–1945), Fédération indochinoise (1947–1953) or Liên bang Đông Dương (東洋聯邦).
Bang Eun-hee as Yoon So-wol
Former sex crimes prosecutor Allison Leotta positively reviewed the episode saying, "The SVU finale “Rhodium Nights” ended Season 13 with a bang.
Eilif Hvide Bang (15 April 1892 – 28 January 1953) was a Norwegian businessperson.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of consul-general Thomas Cathinco Bang (1863—1929) and Louise Bielke.
 Bang Joon-seo as young Mi-ran
The Chicago Daily Tribune called it a "rugged slap bang adventure... at times engaging, at times superfluously vulgar."
His installation After the Big Bang (2003) formed the bridge between Heaphy's previous body of works and his more recent works included in his first solo exhibition Sea of Tranquility at Gow Langsford Gallery that demonstrated Heaphy's new collage-style of paintings which he had started exploring back in 2003.
After the Big Bang, Jonathan Smart Gallery, Christchurch, NZ
The show was replaced with reruns of Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory, leaving seven filmed episodes unaired in the USA and Canada.
Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
The album was released to a positive reception from concert goers, but as with the duo's previous releases, it did not bring the bang attention from any publications.
Tuanglam tungah tangpa khau bang ciah’ng, khuhva na tong sia e, tuaklo dawn kawi aw e; khuhva tongsuah tang ka sinlai zen, lumsuang ka tuun kaal in, tungkhai mu’n tuah inla, awi kawi na’ng e. (Gendongh, c. AD 1300)
Kuansuk ta’ng e, Tiopi dung zui in, Tiopi ah sehtak ah Ciinmang umtui bang ka khuai hi e; namtem tawi in sulzui ta’ng, Tio ii gaal ah pasal lian lu khai ing e. (Vunghsan, c. AD 1300)
The Austin Chronicle described the show as "The result is half Sabrina, The Teenage Witch, half Monty Python...Think of it as the show you hoped The Big Bang Theory would be."
Shaffer of IGN also gave the episode a mixed review, saying that The Big Bang Theory has become more "cynical and chauvinistic" towards female characters.
They carry small metal pieces in their hands which they bang rhythmically along to music played on harps and violins.
Facing the programadoras crisis that had started a few years earlier, it allied with Datos y Mensajes, Mejía & Asociados and Big Bang TV to program Canal A from 1:00pm to 8:00pm in a bid to make the channel more coherent.
It moved over to Canal A after the 1998 bidding cycle, where in early 2000 and mid-2001, amidst the growing programadoras crisis (ironically, under Pastrana's presidency), it was one of several companies that partnered to attempt a coherent programming schedule for the channel from 1:00 to 8:00 pm, along with Coestrellas, Big Bang TV and Mejía & Asociados.
In Taiwan, Uncontrolled debuted at number five, underneath Yoga Lin, Big Bang, Nick Chou and Christine Fan.
Under the command of Captain Zacharias Bang, it was forced to put in for repairs at Bergen in Norway.
She next appeared in A Runaway Girl (1898) as Carmenita, The Messenger Boy (1900) as Mrs. Bang, The Silver Slipper, The Toreador (1901) as Amelia, The Orchid (1903) as Caroline Twining, The Spring Chicken (1905) as Mrs. Girdle and The New Aladdin (1906) as Spirit of the Ring.
 "The Big Bang Theory of Comic Book History" (Comic Book Marketplace, 1997)
CentralMarina, formerly known as Central Center Pattaya, is a shopping mall on Pattaya Sai 2 Road in Bang Lamung, Chonburi, Thailand.
Her character on The Big Bang Theory, Mrs. Wolowitz, was mourned, as the character passed in the series' eighth-season episode "The Comic Book Store Regeneration" broadcast on February 19, 2015.
Alive is the fourth Japanese studio album (sixth overall) by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
The Japanese version of the song "Haru Haru" was previously released on the greatest hits album The Best of Big Bang.
The cover artwork resembles a package of bang snaps.
[...] Despite a few bright spots, Anauroch: The Empire of Shade falls short of sending Wizards of the Coast's 3.5 Edition publishing days out with a bang.
The game is based on the American animated television series Family Guy, most notably the episode "Road to the Multiverse", and is also a continuation of the episode "The Big Bang Theory".
Applause ensued, and Ervin had to bang his gavel to restore order.
He added, "You want to make sure that it's worth it, that they're going out with a bang and you're not sacrificing someone who's a great actor and a great musician in the orchestra.
He is also known for his regular appearances on the Comedy Bang!
UCF started out with a bang, routing Louisiana Tech and Eastern Illinois.
Rosing was married twice; 1st with Gertrud Hansdatter Borchardsen (1636-1660), 2nd with Kirsten Bang (ca.
In the essay "Psychic Visions and Quantum Physics: Oates’ Big Bang and The Limits of Language," Coale analyzes the literary style of novelist Joyce Carol Oates.
 Samuel Coale, “Psychic Visions and Quantum Physics: Oates’ Big Bang and The Limits of Language,” Studies in the Novel; Vol.
 The Big Bang Theory (2017–present)
It's going to open with a bang and dancers, and in the middle of the set [we're] coming down and doing acoustic stuff and me performing by myself.
The key to his plan was the Đa Bang fortress (in modern-day Vĩnh Phúc Province) built on the southern bank of the Red River northwest of Đông Đô, at the point where Ming armies from Yunnan and Guangxi would most likely attempt to join forces.
Mu Sheng's forces, who had departed from Yunnan, met up and joined Zhang Fu's forces at Đa Bang castle (northwest to Hanoi).
As a result the battle lasted for two days, as the town of Đa Bang fell, and the defense line along the Red River collapsed.
But even then, it would need to really end with a glorified bang to justify the buildup."
Since 2007, he has been a producer/writer on the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
He also shared the Danny Thomas Award for Outstanding Producer of Episodic Television, Comedy, with Lorre, Prady and The Big Bang Theory editor Faye Oshima Belyeu, in 2012 and 2013.
He plays very regularly with his own band JINGU BANG and also with the jazz organ trio The Hopkins-Hammond Trio.
AllMusic praised the diverse  and layered sound production on the album, concluding that "With its various parts, ever-shifting dynamics, and blazing instrumental interludes, it sends the set off with a nearly majestic bang.
And we wanted to expand the range of what we can do instrumentally but still keep it non electric so we added a few more gritty and twangy stringed instruments that were fun to spank, like banjos, resonator guitars and ukuleles, as well as an orchestra of kitchen appliances for some additional percussive bang.”
According to David Kang and Jiun Bang, South Korea has tried to create a peaceful middle ground with other North Asian countries such as Japan, for business and trade because of its objective to be the "center of Asian business".
In more recent years various K-pop acts, including Super Junior, TVXQ, Choshinsung, Big Bang, Kara, Girls' Generation, 2PM, and later Twice, BTS and Red Velvet, have made their debuts in Japan, and these groups have contributed to the rebirth of the Korean Wave in Japan.
The show aired weekly on IFC and was a spin-off of Aukerman's podcast Comedy Bang!
Bang!, which airs on the Earwolf network.
Reggie Watts quit Comedy Bang!
Critical reception for Comedy Bang!
Night of the Cobra Woman is a 1972 American horror film starring Joy Bang, Marlene Clark, and Roger Garrett.
Álftanes started the 2. deild season with a bang, thrashing former 1. deild karla club Körfuknattleiksfélag ÍA with 64 points, 136-72.
The series stars Paul Sun-Hyung Lee, Jean Yoon, Simu Liu, Andrea Bang, Andrew Phung and Nicole Power.
They started the 2. deild season with a bang, thrashing former 1. deild karla club Körfuknattleiksfélag ÍA with 64 points, 136–72.
We don't want to bang on about our culture.
 Bang Si-hyuk (music), South Korea
 Nobody Particular: One Woman's Fight to Save The Bays by Molly Bang
This is since the lack of symmetry gave the possibility of matter-antimatter imbalance which would allow matter to exist today through the Big Bang.
The song also won Cyworld's "Song of the Month" award in September and October 2008, giving them a total of 5 "Song of the Month" awards, tying Big Bang.
Colonel Bang was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of the Dannebrog for his efforts during the campaign.
Von Gabain then studied Turcology with Johann Wilhelm Bang Kaup who is the founder of the Berlin school of Turkic studies.
"The Recombination Hypothesis" is the 100th episode of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 13th episode of the series' fifth season.
According to Bill Prady, the co-creator of The Big Bang Theory, approval from Paramount, J. J. Abrams (producer of the new Star Trek series) and Zachary Quinto was required in order to mock Spock.
So, a couple of times I'd do it on purpose and bang!
Pahl has worked in several groups, including Only a Mother, Sublime Wedge, Immigrant Suns and currently in Scavenger Quartet, a freeform musical group, and Little Bang Theory, a "toy" music trio.
Among the returning speakers was Alex Filippenko, who during a panel called "Did the Big Bang Require a Divine Spark?"
argued against the necessity of God as the first cause of the Big Bang.
The series outlined the history of existence, from the Big Bang forward into the evolution of life.
"The Beta Test Initiation" is the fourteenth episode of the fifth season of the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Kristen Elizabeth of TV Equals noted the "episode was a great example of how The Big Bang Theory works best as an ensemble."
His parents were Major General Jacques Xavier Aubert (1727-1793) and Julane Cathrine Bang (1748-1834).
His father Trương Văn Bang was a former Secretary of the Southern Party and Secretary of Saigon-Gia Dinh.
Shrimp paste and chili are optional, although purists like Vietnamese writer Vu Bang insist on adding those for a more piquant flavor.
In Mon ngon Ha Noi by Vu Bang said "It is a gift, which can be said to have achieved the goal of culinary art of Hanoians."
Sava opined that "The Countdown Reflection" was not "as funny as last week's episode", but "delivers when it comes to that quality that has always been Big Bang Theory's strongest suit: heart".
A UK tour followed in April, and European dates followed, including a headlining appearance at the Bang Your Head!!!
These included: Nobody (2014), Back from the Dead 2 (2014), Bang 3 (2015), and Thot Breaker (2017).
On his 18th birthday, August 15, 2013, Chief Keef celebrated by releasing the mixtape Bang, Pt.
Nobody and Bang 3 (2014–2016)
In January, Chief Keef announced he was working on a new mixtape entitled Bang 3.
During February, Chief Keef said his former lean addiction and bad mixing contributed to the lack of quality music on his two mixtape projects Bang Pt.
Although Interscope executive Larry Jackson announced that Bang 3 would be released on June 10, it was delayed again.
He confirmed via Twitter that every project he had planned, including the release of the long-awaited Bang 3, would still be released.
Despite being set for a December 2014 release, Bang 3 did not materialize.
In August 2015, he caused a controversy after naming his newborn son Sno "FilmOn Dot Com", inspired by his record label, FilmOn Music, to promote his album Bang 3.
The first title the company licensed was Risky Safety with Bang Zoom!
Haré+Guu was licensed by AN Entertainment (including TV broadcast rights), and co-produced with Bang Zoom!
she asked, to the sound of a loud bang.
The Craig Bang - Mikill Pane
It is a survey of historic and contemporary efforts at cosmology: to describe the universe, trace the universe back to its origins, including the Big Bang Theory, and to determine the universe's eventual end-state.
 "The Big Bang in Our Backyard: The Birth of Baryons"
2009: G-Eazy, Chiddy Bang, Mike Jones, DJ Jazzy Jeff
Baburin V. Evolution of Russian space: from the Big Bang to the present day (innovation and synergetic approach).
This time estimate means that structure seen in BX442 developed roughly 3 billion years after the Big Bang, 10 kiloparsecs (30,000 ly) in diameter, and has a mass of .
As a project of Bang on a Can, Found Sound Nation has organized numerous domestic and international workshops and performances.
Other stage credits including Emma Hornet in a national tour of Sailor Beware, Muriel Wicksteed in Habeas Corpus, Mrs Kay in Our Day Out at the Key Theatre, Peterborough and Norma in Not with a Bang at the Palace Theatre, Westcliff.
Lykkens blændværk (1919) - Poul Bang
 So-yeon - Natural Bang Hair
Died: Jette Bang, 50, Danish photographer known for her documentation of the people of Greenland
Bates' mother, who had been in the living area at the back of the shop, heard a large bang and found him collapsed on the floor.
Wie's Bang is Van Coke Kartel's fourth Studio album.
Foundations of Big Bang Cosmology, pàgines 5–8.
The Times of India gave a review stating "The first half of the film looks pretty entertaining with good comedy, emotions and interval bang.
Oneindia Entertainment gave a review stating "Ravi Teja is back with a bang this time.
It covers his childhood, education, marriage, family life, and his work on the Big Bang and black holes.
Their Blu-ray and DVD of the film, released on April 5, 2016, includes the company's first original English dub, which was produced in cooperation with Bang Zoom!
 Ezra Bang & Hot Machine "Cadillac" [Olubenga edit], 2011, MP3 file
Shot like a slick movie, Hollyoaks Later had a bit of everything, and we’re gutted that it’s all over for another year… Talk about going out with a bang, though!"
The Big Bang Theory (season 1)
It premiered on September 3, 2012 on the network's Afternoon Prime line up replacing Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?.
Phillips has appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, Bob and Tom, The Dr. Demento Radio Show, and the podcasts WTF with Marc Maron, Comedy Bang!
Liu Bang, being a traditionalist, disapproves of this arrangement but Zhengkang is undaunted by the unwanted attention he occasionally receives due to his unusual "occupation".
However, the financial crisis hits Singapore and both Liu Bang and Zhengkang find themselves cash-strapped.
Liu Bang in particular was the worst affected.
Liu Bang has to swallow his ego as he is suddenly forced to take over homemaker duties from his wife.
His last role as a filmmaker was in 1977, when he helped produce Fritz G. Schadt's comedy Bang Kojak (Brother Kojak; 1977).
Bang Kojak (Brother Kojak; 1977) – as producer
In 2009, Tetrarch started working with producer Russ-T Cobb at Bang Studios in Atlanta.
It was written by DJ Swivel, Candace Nicole Sosa,  "hitman" bang, Supreme Boi, Adora, and RM, with DJ Swivel being the sole producer.
Randall Roberts of the Los Angeles Times wrote: "[T]hough America is an explosive document, half the time it's a lot of smoke and bang, and it treads on territory that others have explored more thoughtfully."
With Jan Bang, Erik Honoré, and Arve Henriksen
Sinopoda scurion was found in a cave in Laos, around 100 km away from the Xe Bang Fai cave.
: The Principles of Perfection, and the world premiere of the full play of Bang!
Scenes from the controversial, award-winning Bang!
Army officer Wilford Fawcett was given permission from Stars and Stripes to publish a humor magazine called Captain Billy's Whiz Bang, leading to the establishment of Fawcett Publications  and eventually Fawcett Comics, the first superhero comic books.
 The Big Bang Fair,  UK Science and Engineering youth event
The minute the director yelled cut, Connie would yank Joel to her portable dressing room, bang the door and not reappear until they were again called to the set."
He has also contributed on recordings within a wide range of musical expressions, like Odd Børretzen & Lars Martin Myhre (Noen ganger er det all right, 1995), Jon Eberson's Jazzpunkensemblet (Thirteen Rounds, 1997), Jacob Young (Glow, 1999), with Arve Henriksen, Jan Bang and Erik Honoré (Birth wish, 2000), and last but not the leased Audun Kleive's Generator X (Generator X, 2000)
Other prominent partnership include Ketil Gutvik, Sidsel Endresen and Jan Bang, resulting in a series of album releases.
Yoshi (Kanemoto Yoshinori), Korean-Japanese producer, rapper and member of K-pop boy group Treasure (Real Name: Kim Bang Jeon)
(2011), consists of small motors hanging at the ends of wires attached to the wall, causing the motors to bang against the wall and, according to Cate McQuaid of the Boston Globe, make the sound of a "drenching rainstorm - a trigger for associations of threat and cozy shelter."
She has also guested on many other podcasts on the Earwolf network such as on Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Hollywood Handbook, With Special Guest Lauren Lapkus, The Andy Daly Podcast Pilot Project, The Hooray Show with Horatio, and more.
Julian Lane, in a drunken rage, then began challenging Dom Waters to a fight by continuing to plea "let me bang, bro," to Hill.
Despite Hill's assurance that "[he] will let [him] bang," the fight never materialized and Lane ultimately cried.
Group performance: "Smells Like Teen Spirit" / "My Favourite Things" / "Sang Dewi" / "You and I" / "Kiss from a Rose" / "Locked Out of Heaven" / "Time After Time" / "Mr. Brightside" / "Aku Bukan Bang Toyib" / "Ordinary World" / "Don't You Worry Child" / "Reach" (all finalists)
3 show among upscale young adults behind Modern Family and The Big Bang Theory.
Fu Kuan (傅寬) (died 189 BC) – Marquis of Yangling (posthumously Marquis Jing), a follower of Liu Bang.
Lee Si-eon as Bang Sung-jae
On October 27, 2009, he released his debut extended play Calling, with the same-title lead single composed by Bang Si-hyuk topping multiple music sites on its release day.
She has guest starred in The Big Bang Theory, Mom, The Unit, Lie to Me, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Harry's Law, Good Luck Charlie, New Girl and Baby Daddy.
Despite the rough month of November Pailan Arrows began the month of December with a bang on 1 December 2012 with a 4–1 victory over ONGC F.C.
Adrian Pang as Insp Lee Yong Bang
Fu Kuan was an early follower of Liu Bang, beginning in Hengyang.
Sung Hoon (born Bang In-gyu on February 14, 1983) is a South Korean actor and a model.
 22 – A Bigger Bang (2005)
He created the cartoon characters Xã Xệ and Bang Bạnh for the magazines and made changes to the character Lý Toét developed by Nhất Linh.
Syndicated programming previously seen on WIYE-LD2 included The Office, How I Met Your Mother, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory among others.
In 1874, he was appointed to Bang biện due to his merit in fighting the enemy in Kinh Môn, Hải Dương province.
Jan Bang (born 21 August 1968) is a Norwegian musician and record producer who has worked with Morten Harket, Sidsel Endresen, David Sylvian, Nils Petter Molvær, Arild Andersen, Bugge Wesseltoft, Arve Henriksen, and Erik Honoré.
Bang played with Erik Honoré in "Woodlands" (EP, 1988), and they have released two albums (2000, 2001).
Bang is the kind of musical innovator and bridge-builder who consistently manages to balance progressive thinking with popular appeal.
In addition to hosting "Punkt", Bang will also contribute to the opening concert where he will perform with one of his many musical collaborators, the celebrated Norwegian trumpet player Arve Henriksen.
As a musician, he has collaborated with Jan Bang, David Sylvian, Brian Eno/Peter Schwalm, Jon Hassell, Nils Petter Molvær, Arve Henriksen, Sidsel Endresen, Unni Wilhelmsen, Eivind Aarset, Claudia Scott, Anne Grete Preus, Savoy and produced all the albums from Velvet Belly.
Together with musician colleague Jan Bang he initiated the Punkt-festivalen in 2005, guest curated by Brian Eno in 2012.
Rob Leigh of the Daily Mirror stated that "the show's post-reality show format is bang up to date".
Park made his entertainment debut in 2011 by appearing in the music video of Bang Yong-guk's single "I Remember."
Darlene Burton of Examiner positively reviewed the episode as well, along with guest star Paget Brewster and stars Mariska Hargitay and Danny Pino, "The premiere, advertised with the tagline "everybody has secrets", started off with a bang and left viewers on the edge of their seat throughout the entire two hours.
In 2013, Bryant appeared with a recurring role in the second season of IFC's Comedy Bang!
The Mondzish languages are spoken in Funing, Guangnan, Malipo, and Napo counties of China and Hà Giang and Cao Bang provinces of northern Vietnam.
Big Bang fans collectively donated around 168 tons of rice among other goods to Dreame Korea in December 2017 in honor of the group's last concert before going on hiatus.
The seventh season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory aired on CBS from September 26, 2013 to May 15, 2014.
On March 12, 2014, The Big Bang Theory was renewed for an additional three years, extending it through the 2016–17 season for a total of ten seasons.
 "What'cha Wanna Do" (The Neptunes Bang Your Head Remix) (feat.
The film was bang on.
From 2010 to 2011, Stymest presented a show on MTV UK called MTV Bang.
Films directed by Bang Eun-jin
His mother is Vietnamese opera singer Luu Nga, while father Nguyen Bang Bui is a doctor.
In 25 November, website Tin Tuc Vietnam Thoi Doi Moi run by the Bureau of Culture and Information posted an interview titled Kieu Bang Kieu.
On 22 November, they made a statement to related agencies and individuals not to use any song and performance of Bang Kieu.
The Silom Line runs eastwards from National Stadium Station in Pathum Wan District, then southwest along Ratchadamri, Si Lom, Narathiwat Ratchanakharin and Sathon Roads, crossing the Chao Phraya passing Wong Wian Yai Station in Khlong San towards Bang Wa Station in Phasi Charoen District.
It has 38 stations, and connects to the BTS system at BTS stations Mo Chit, Asok, Sala Daeng and Bang Wa.
Construction began in January 2009 and free public trial operation began on 2 August 2021, with full commercial service beginning on November 29, 2021 when Bang Sue Grand Station opened.
Travelling between Wongwian Yai - Bang Wa stations, On-Nut - Bearing stations will cost you 15 Baht.
| 2015-04-14 || Loss ||align=left| Yodkhunpon Sitmonchai ||  || Bang Saphan District, Thailand || KO || 3 || 
In this respect, The Big Bang, expansion of the universe, and Gliese 581 g’s earth-like appearance means finding the ‘God particle’ in dark matter may not be a fact for the modern age of science.
The vastness (13.4 Billion Light Years) of space is getting bigger; starting with The Big Bang through to today.
We learned how to maximize our bang for our buck.
 Jim Parsons, Actor (The Big Bang Theory)
Bang Joon-seo - young Yeo-ok
 (1790–1792) Carl Wilhelm Bang
The installment's 4.4 Nielsen rating in the target 18–49 demographic ranked the series first in its time slot and second for the night, trailing only CBS's The Big Bang Theory (5.0).
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's highest rated drama and third-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, placing behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory (5.0) and ABC's Modern Family (5.5).
With five members remaining, 100% released their second extended play Bang the Bush and music video for "심장이 뛴다 (Beat)" on March 17, 2014.
The American edition will be a mixture of seven tracks from the album, along with "Heart Skips a Beat" (featuring Chiddy Bang in place of Rizzle Kicks), "Dance with Me Tonight" and "Oh My Goodness" from In Case You Didn't Know.
Prapheni Bun Bang Fai, the traditional rocket festival of the ethnic Lao people
Mark Harris, author, Bang the Drum Slowly 
Bang Eun-hee as Im Mi-sun
The Alive Galaxy Tour (referred to as the Alive Tour) was the first worldwide concert tour and sixth overall by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Live Nation president Alan Ridgeway stated, "We are very happy that we are working with YG Entertainment and Big Bang to show [our work] to worldwide K-pop fans."
A representative for YG Entertainment followed this with, "We are working hard to hold the best concert with the best production team to equal the anticipation of the world fans who are waiting for the first concert they will get to meet Big Bang.
The team described the concept as a "bleak futuristic world [that could only be] saved by Big Bang."
The tour listed on Pollstar'''s year-end list, on the Top 200 North American Tours, Big Bang become the first Korean artist to have made the list, as they ranked at number 155 and earned $5 million from four shows.
Lapin concluded, "It was nostalgic, a throwback to old-school hip-hop but with a commercial twist and a foreign reinterpretation...these boys, well, they'll be back, and they know they're going to be superstars".The Guardian's music journalist Caroline Sullivan praised Big Bang for holding a "fabulous spectacle" at the Wembley Arena in London.
"Fantastic Baby" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
On February 7, the agency officially confirmed that Big Bang would release their fifth Korean-language mini-album, titled Alive, on February 29.
Rolling Stone ranked "Fantastic Baby" number 31 in their list of 75 Greatest Boy Band Songs of All Time, writing: "This instantly accessible single from K-Pop phenomenon Big Bang blew off many doors of American crossover with little effort on the band's part."
Kang added that the song served as "a kind of turning point in the history of Big Bang and K-pop": "Both the music and philosophy of the song were ahead of their time".
Big Bang released a Japanese version of the music video focused on the band's scenes while they are in a warehouse setting.
The music video begins with scenes depicting a revolution, with the black-masked people representing those who capitalized on past controversies and tried to discourage, discredit and ultimately disband Big Bang, whereas the white-masked people symbolize the V.I.P.s, the band's fans, who continue to defend and protect them despite everything.
At the annual SBS Gayo Daejeon festival on December 29, Big Bang performed a remix rendition of the song, incorporating parts and dance moves from Psy's "Gangnam Style".
Big Bang performed at the 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards on November 22, 2013; the group members performed a series of solo works and concluded the performance by reuniting with "Fantastic Baby".
"Monster" is a song recorded by South Korean group Big Bang.
Big Bang and Hyundai Card started a project called "Re-Monster" to promote the music video, aimed to give opportunities for indie bands to reinterpret the song.
Composed by G-Dragon and written by the rapper with Choi Pil-kang, with additional rap parts penned by T.O.P, "Monster" was described as "a modern interpretation of the late 2000s sad, upbeat" Big Bang songs, such as "Lies" and "Haru Haru."
 Our Man in Marrakesh, which was released in North America as Bang!
The episode came joint 3rd in its timeslot, losing to The X Factor and The Big Bang Theory but tying with ABC's drama, Last Resort and the episode outrated both of NBC's 8-9pm comedies, 30 Rock and Up All Night.
Sampler – Jan Bang (tracks: 1, 9)
Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang offered equal praise, stating that Guaraldi and Sete represented "the perfect musical marriage," adding that Vince Guaraldi, Bola Sete and Friends is the "most consistent" of their three album collaborations.
 Jan Bang - samplings & electronics
Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang commented that this "results in some jarringly abrupt fades, most disturbingly on 'I'm a Loser'."
Shutl received £500k of venture capital investment in October 2009 from investors including Simon Murdoch, Paul Birch, Mark Zaleski, and Big Bang Ventures of Belgium.
Specimens have been collected from Lang Son and Cao Bang in northern Vietnam, Guangxi Autonomous Region in southern People's Republic of China, and from Khammouane Province in central Laos PDR.
On the other hand, Big Bang, CN Blue, and IU also won awards, but were not able to attend the ceremony.
Wiyogo Atmodarminto (22 November 1922 – 19 October 2012) or better known as Bang Wi, is an Indonesian military figure, diplomat and politician.
He also plays in the bands "Damp" and "Chrome Hill", and worked with Motorpsycho, Enslaved, Ihsahn, In Lingua Mortua, Bertine Zetlitz, Big Bang, Superfamily, Grand Island, Jim Stärk, Casualties of Cool, and Emperor among others.
Following Lu Gu's conversion of Liu Bang to Confucianism in the early 1st century BC, Chinese dynasties observed it in theory though not always in practice.
Liu Bang himself began to favor Concubine Qi, a later concubine, to his primary empress, Lü Zhi, 
Crown Prince Ying, son of Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), later Emperor Hui
dV Giochi collaborated with Mayfair Games until August 2008 and with them released the Origins award winning Bang!
In 2001, a full production of the play was put on by a theater group called "Propergander" that included Randall Park, Vivian Bang, Tim Chiou, Eddie Shin and others.
In 2008, the play was performed for Thumping Claw alongside one acts written by Carla Ching, Julia Cho and Lloyd Suh, starred Vivian Bang, Monica Hong and Bernadette Bonfliglio, and was directed by Heidi Helen Davis.
Bang Soo-hyun (born 1972), South Korean female badminton player
Chief Keef - Bang Pt.
Sherine was also associated with Grand Wazoo Band of 1000 Dances, The Editions (1980–84), Bang, Big Choir, Bob Starkie Shape Up, Gospel Truth, Jo Jo Zep, Black Coffee, Dianna Boss and The Extremes, The Rock Party, Mercy Mercy (1991), Sherine, and Sherine's X Machine.
Lemonick has served as a science journalist for Time as well as an author of multiple other books such as Echo of the Big Bang.
On January 1, 1996, he transferred the sole proprietorship, together with Dr. Jürgen Willrodt, Jochen Lau and Svend Bang, into a Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung.
On February 18, 2013, Kollegah and Farid Bang topped the German album charts with their collabo album Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 2 selling 80,000 copies in the release week.
He has also appeared in one episode of the TV shows, such as: Castle, The Big Bang Theory, Wizards of Waverly Place, in J. J. Abrams' Undercovers, The Forgotten, Numb3rs, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Hawaii Five O  and more.
1999: Smilets historie (Sonet Gramofon), with additional Anders Engen, Eivind Aarset & Jan Bang
In September 1926, Nguyen Luong Bang, one of the earliest Thanh Nien recruits, volunteered to return Vietnam to recruit new members.
Flash Bang Grenada is an American hip hop duo based in Los Angeles, California.
Flash Bang Grenada released the debut album, 10 Haters, on Hellfyre Club in 2011.
 Flash Bang Grenada – "Good Cop, Bad Cop" from 10 Haters (2011)
The Young Bucks won the third and final fall of the match by pinning 1-2-3 Kid with the More Bang for Your Buck to make their third successful defense of the Campeonatos de Parejas.
Binak (, also Romanized as Bīnak; also known as Bang, Bīnak Kūh-e Bānk, Bīng, and Bonak) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.
He then moved to Oslo where he joined the firm of architect Ove Bang.
During World War II,  he led the architectural firm following the death of Bang  death in 1942.
Rick Anderson of AllMusic gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5, saying, "The album ends with more of a whimper than a bang, but up until then everything is just interesting enough to keep you consistently intrigued."
10 Haters is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Flash Bang Grenada.
Flash Bang Grenada albums
Nate Knaebel of AllMusic said: "The tracks here are infectious and bang as hard as they want to, but they also show an artistry and intelligence you're just not going to get in the mainstream."
The show was designed as a companion series for the channel's recently acquired program, The Big Bang Theory.
Japanese researchers confirm that muon-type neutrinos can spontaneously flip to the electron type, potentially explaining the imbalance of matter and antimatter during the Big Bang.
A new study of the cosmic microwave background has looked back to within 100,000 years of the Big Bang, the furthest that has yet been observed.
Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf - Happy, Happy, Bang!
Bang Hyun-joo (born 1966), South Korean male sport shooter
He is particularly interested in music with electronics, having commissioned works from many composers including Dai Fujikura, Peter Wiegold, DJ Bee, John Metcalfe and Jan Bang.
Bang Min-su (born 1992), stage name C.A.P, South Korean male rapper, leader of Teen Top
JJonak (born Bang Seong-hyun, ), South Korean male Overwatch player
Bang Jun-yeong (born 1965), South Korean swimmer
Also known as yeot bang mangyi (엿방망이, "sweetmeat pestle"), it is a baccarat-like game similar to the Chinese domino game kol-ye-si (골여시).
Capcom made 5 pinball titles under Ritchie's leadership, including Pinball Magic, Big Bang Bar and Kingpin, which was Ritchie's last conventional pinball design to date.
Big Bang Bar (1996)
If the distance estimate is correct, it formed about 427 million years after the Big Bang.
Jaromar II was an ardent supporter of the archbishops in the Danish domestic struggle between the Danish king and the archbishops Jakob Erlandsen of Lund and Peder Bang of Roskilde.
In Peder Bang escaped from a Danish prison, into exile in Schaprode in Rügen.
In April of the year, Jaromir II and Peder Bang landed on the main Danish island of Zealand and took the city of Copenhagen.
 Bang Eun-hee as divorce suit client
Tae Hyun Bang (born 1983), South Korean mixed martial artist
Bang Sulam (Mat Solar), the titular porridge-seller, makes a living selling chicken congee.
|Assistant Goalkeeping Coach ||  Ang Bang Heng
He returned to Glenelg for the 2019 season and started with a bang against the Adelaide reserves.
By the end of the ceremony, Psy had won four awards, the most of any of the nominees, followed by boybands Big Bang and Busker Busker with two each, excluding the special awards.
 Choi Ji-woo – presented Best Line Award, introduced performers Big Bang
The rivalry between Gallagher and Banks continued into 2015 and at Back With A Bang, Banks picked up the win to end the feud.
24 August – Belly Bang.
Go Eun-ah (born Bang Hyo-jin, 1988), South Korean actress
Erica Mendez is an American voice actress who has voiced in English dubs for Funimation, Bang Zoom!
Hata is currently a member of Pastel Palettes, a unit of the media franchise BanG Dream!.
In 2017, Hata joined the media franchise BanG Dream!
In March 2013, White had a small role on The Big Bang Theory.
She debuted in the gritty Im Sang-soo film Tears, and has since become better known for her supporting roles on film and television, such as in The President's Last Bang, My Scary Girl, Forever the Moment, The Concubine and The Villainess.
Bang Eun-hee (born 1967), South Korean actress
Hannah Britt of British Daily Express reviewed Rihanna's concert at Twickenham Stadium in London stating, "Her vocals during the beautiful 'Stay' were bang on and, as a performer, she is simply captivating to watch.
Rolling Stone named the album one of "The 10 Best Albums of 2012", saying: "Vancouver kids bang through ten bursts of female punk fury in 19 minutes, with Mish Way's hungry yowl leading the charge.
 Modern Family (ABC) The Big Bang Theory (CBS)
Areas under protection in the province include Xe Bang Nouan National Biodiversity Conservation Area to the south, Dong Phou Vieng National Protected Area to the southeast, and Phou Xang He National Protected Area to the north.
The Xe Bang Fai River, Nam Hinboun River, and the Nam Theun are the main rivers of the province.
400 m elevation in the north and south of the Bang Nouan River; the central part the river flows through gorges; and to the east of the hills is the wide valley of the river.
The Phra Bang became the symbol of the city, and the Buddha image is on display at the museum.
Of particular importance is the 14th century gold Phra Bang which has rendered its name to the province.
Wat Xieng Maen, founded in 1592, housed the Pha Bang for seven nights after decades in Thai hands.
The Icelandic publication DV published a number of stories about Valizadeh's release of his book Bang Iceland, calling it "derogatory".
Danish Ekstra Bladet published five articles on the release of Valizadeh's book Don't Bang Denmark, and Danish TV aired several discussions sparked by the book.
The album features guest appearances from Matlock, Killa Black, Chedda Bang, Solomon Childs, Inspectah Deck and Elite.
"Nirvana" was covered by Fantôme Iris, a fictional visual kei band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
On the television side, The Big Bang Theory and Homeland won the most awards, with each winning three.
| valign="top" |The Big Bang Theory – CBS Community – NBC
| valign="top" |Johnny Galecki – The Big Bang Theory as Dr. Leonard Hofstadter Will Arnett – Up All Night as Chris Brinkley
3 / 5 The Big Bang Theory: Best Actor & Actress in a Comedy or Musical Series / Best Comedy or Musical Series
Bang Yeong-seon - Convenience store guest
"The Big Bang Boom” – 3:01
Legends of Chima was created as a big bang project that aimed to drive growth in the Lego toy line.
 Hot in Cleveland (Episodes: "Sisterhood of the Traveling SPANX", "I Love Lucci: Part Two", "LeBron Is Le Gone") (TV Land) The Big Bang Theory (Episodes: "The Love Car Displacement", "The 21-Second Excitation", "The Agreement Dissection") (Fox)
 The Big Bang Theory (Episode: "The Agreement Dissection") (CBS)
They released its sequel, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang, in 2010.
Thakurdas Bang (1917 – 27 January 2013) was an Indian Gandhian philosopher and Gandhian economist.
Ashok Bang decided to work for issues related to farming and Abhay decided to work for health of villagers.
On deciding to pursue his career as economist in the US, Bang wanted to seek blessings from Mahatma Gandhi.
Heatherwick was a highly regarded designer, responsible for the first prize-winning "Seed Cathedral" at the 2010 Shanghai Expo, and the New Routemaster bus introduced in London in February 2012; Boyle was an admirer of his B of the Bang sculpture in Manchester, saying of it 'I loved it so much; it's a tragedy they took it down in 2009 ...
[...] As a beat maker, my first impulse is always to have the drums bang, but I realized early on that one of the keys to getting the songs to sound other-than-contemporary was to have the drums low in the mix, but to still have them very present.
 2007 – Hjarta uttan fylgisneyta: Herman Bang 150 ár (essay)
Detecting and understanding the QGP allows us to understand better the universe in the moments after the Big Bang.
He is best known for his work for Bang & Olufsen.
In the early 1980s, Bang & Olufsen made David Lewis, their chief designer.
David Lewis is currently represented with three Bang & Olufsen products in the permanent design collection of The Museum of Modern Art, New York.
We didn't have any songs, but everybody grabbed their station and kind of picked up whatever needed help or work, and we were able to bang out it with nothing but riffs.
Nong Quanfu (, ; ?-1039), also recorded as Nùng Tồn Phúc (; ; Chữ Hán: ) was a Nùng/Zhuang chieftain and zhou-level official of Guangyuan located in the modern-day Cao Bang in the 11th century AD.
Quanfu's home prefecture was a great source of gold, which together with his domination over local trade route along the Bang river must have largely increased his wealth and political influence.
 Mind Your Manners - Chiddy Bang featuring Icona Pop
Further funding is generated by AP Bank's own AP Bank Fes, AP BANG!
Zang Tu then sided with Liu Bang, the lord of Sichuan, in the war against Xiang Yu.
After Liu Bang prevailed and founded the Han dynasty, Zang Tu was appointed the Prince of Yan, and governed the Principality of Yan from Ji.
Liu Bang as the Emperor Gaozu personally led a campaign against Zang Tu in Ji.
The Big Bang Theory was also ranked as the highest-rated program of the night.
"The Santa Simulation" marks the second appearance of Dungeons & Dragons in a Big Bang Theory plot.
The Big Bang Theory was also the highest rated television show of the night.
Big Bang Theory did not disappoint when exploring Christmastime, gender roles and innuendo."
It was followed by three spin-off web movies, Tomb of the Sea Side Story: Bang Ren (蚌人), Tomb of the Sea Side Story: Hua Mei (画媒) and Tomb of the Sea Side Story: Ran Gu (燃骨).
The 2nd half began with a bang as Eddie Lacy rushed to Dallas' 20-yard line for a 60-yard gain.
Rodman's visit and a match between the North Korean team and former NBA stars was depicted in the 2015 documentary film Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang.
The church was consecrated on 22 December 1903 by Bishop Anton Christian Bang.
This was higher than both comeback specials broadcast on Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) in 2012 for Big Bang on 9 March; and BoA on 28 July at 3 and 3.2 percent respectively.
The top touring acts were BTS, Big Bang, Super Junior, 2PM, TVXQ, SHINee, EXO, Girls' Generation, F.T.
Thakurdas Bang, 95, Indian Gandhian economist.
He was the founder and owner of Chaiyo Productions based in Bang Pa-in, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya.
Born: Fred Hoyle, British astronomer, leading theorist on stellar nucleosynthesis and the rejection of the Big Bang theory, in Gilstead, England (d. 2001)
 Music for Airports - Brian Eno, performed by Bang on a Can
LaCroix entered the adult film industry in December 2011, with a gang bang scene for Kink.com, which was discussed in the James Franco produced documentary Kink.
Bang Joong-hyun as Kim Jong-seo
It was also quoted in the TV series, The Big Bang Theory (Episode 12, Season 2), by Penny, played by Kaley Cuoco, when referencing a comment made towards her by Howard, played by Simon Helberg.
3rd Season and BanG Dream!
It is named after the catchphrase of the fictional character Dr. Sheldon Cooper from the television show The Big Bang Theory.
The authors named the species in honor of the catchphrase of the character  Sheldon Cooper, played by actor Jim Parsons, from the television show The Big Bang Theory.
"Теоретики (The Theorists): An unlicensed Belarussian copy of The Big Bang Theory that aired on Belarussian state channel STV in late 2009.
We didn't know it wasn't the case, so when the creators of The Big Bang Theory started talking about the show, I was embarrassed.
The jet, an intrusion of water from the Agulhas Current, was first described by South African oceanographers, Nils Bang and W.R.H.
Rory wears the armour of a Roman centurion, as first seen in "The Pandorica Opens"/"The Big Bang."
 Bang & Olufsen Global Retail Store Concept (2013)  
Shoot your "Martini" Debreli Hasan, let its bang echo throughout the mountains,
G-Dragon is a South Korean rapper, singer-songwriter, record producer, and a member of South Korean boy band Big Bang formed by YG Entertainment in 2006.
 List of awards and nominations received by Big Bang
According to author Derrick Bang and the Associated Press's Jerry Buck, the series portrays Clare as a "private eyeful", and Buck explained this was done through scenes in which she uses her "seductive charms" during investigations.
According to Derrick Bang, the cancelation occurred because of "weak scripts, inadequate publicity and too much competition from the established networks".
In 2020, Bang wrote that Veronica Clare, as well as Gil Mellé's score, are "nowhere to be found in today's market".
 Lee Bang - Star Trek: The Next Generation - A XXX Parody
She is also in charge of the BanG Dream!
Safi has appeared on the Upright Citizens Brigade stage for many years and has had numerous appearances on television shows including The Big Bang Theory, Modern Family, Superstore, and Adam Ruins Everything, and has a recurring role on 9-1-1 as "Josh Russo".
"Kiss Bang Boom" (Bonus Track)
Bertil Grandinson, a resident on the top floor of the house, explained: "We woke up at half past two by a terrible bang.
The band released the album Bang!
Big Noise - Bang  (1989)
It was created for the Gundam Big Bang 20th Anniversary celebration and is directed by Yoshiyuki Tomino.
In 1990, he did Chito Rono's film' Kasalanan Bang Sambahin Ka?
1990 Kasalanan Bang Sambahin Ka?
Jason co-hosts Science Channel's series SciJinks with The Big Bang Theory Johnny Galecki and Mythbusters: The Search's Tamara Robertson.
The current iteration was founded in 2012 and made its debut in 2013 by co-founders Kevin Bang and Vanessa Au.
Linda Barnard of the Toronto Star gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Brad Bird presents a gorgeously wrought, hopeful future vision in Tomorrowland, infusing the family film with enough entertaining action and retro-themed whiz bang to forgive an awkward opening and third-act weakness."
Bang Dae-han as Hassan
Bang Eun-hee as Won Mi-ok
During this time, the leader of Big Bang, G-Dragon released his first mini-album and plans were made for another solo album by vocalist, Taeyang.
, a character in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!
 Asuka Toyama, Kasumi Toyama's younger sister in the anime BanG Dream!.
 MIDAS  on BIG BANG
Abhay and Rani Bang, social activist and researcher working in the field of community health.
Bang is a Scandinavian surname as well as a Korean surname.
Bang (Korean-방) is the number of discrete units of Shinsu control.
Aunor shared the recognition with Sharon Cuneta for her movie "Dapat ka bang Mahalin", this is only the second time in FAMAS history.
  George Canseco — Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin
On October 15, teaser photos of Bang Yong-guk and Daehyun were released.
Bang Yong Guk - vocals, rap
He produced several songs for Big Bang.
In the aftermath, Saitama meets heroes like the martial artist Bang, the esper Blizzard, and the sham hero King.
 Cosmic microwave background, microwave noise left over from the Big Bang
The show is a spin-off of his podcast Comedy Bang!
The following is a complete list of Comedy Bang!
In addition to his debut album in 2016 Baauer also scored a catwalk show for Alexander Wang and played parties for the fashion designer in New York alongside G-Dragon of the K-pop act Big Bang.
In a 2014 article, NME described the mixtape as Minaj's bang "on the door of hip-hop’s boys club" and was described as "explosive".
The fifth spot was designed to climax and end the first half of the program with a bang.
He has created a catalogue of remixes for many different artists such as Roots Manuva, Fatboy Slim, Chiddy Bang, Rizzle Kicks, Kidda, Pixie Lott, Beardyman, Nelly Furtado, Little Dragon and more.
When the Thai film Bang Rajan—which featured scenes of one of Burma's 18th century invasions of the Thai kingdom—was screened at a Pan-Asian film festival in France in early 2001, Kyaw Zin stormed out of the theater before the film's end.
In June, she appeared in an episode of the fifth season of IFC comedy Comedy Bang!
Alexander is a scientist and a jazz saxophonist who ponders links, including sound, between small and big things in the universe that go beyond Einstein's curved space-time and big bang theory.
1985 - Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
 Big Bang - Alive Galaxy Tour (2012)
Christen Bang, priest and theological writer (born 1584).
Ji Xin (; died 204 BC) was a general serving Liu Bang (later Emperor Gaozu of Han) during the Chu–Han contention.
In the summer of 204 BC, Liu Bang was besieged in the city of Xingyang by the much larger forces of Xiang Yu.
Unsworth, S. J., Levin, W., Bang, M., Washinawatok, K., Waxman, S. R., & Medin, D. L. (2012).
The channel features dramas such as "Vampire Idol", "The Great Catsby", music series like "Show Champion", "Picnic Live", "THE SHOW All New K-POP", special reality series featuring Wonder Girls, Super Junior, Girls’ Generation, SHINee, 2PM, 2NE1, Big Bang, etc.
Dagny Kristine Bang (8 June 1868 – 11 August 1944) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party.
Bang was the sixth women to graduate in medicine in Norway.
Bang was a board member of the National Association for Women's Suffrage from 1898 to 1902 and the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights from 1908 to 1910.
Bang was eventually struck with cancer.
Shortly after turning 18, Zdorovetskiy took part in an adult film scene with pornographic actress Diamond Kitty for the adult entertainment company Bang Bros in 2011.
Once dubbed the "Methuselah Star" by the popular press due to its age, if the assumptions of stellar evolution are correct in the report, the star must have formed soon after the Big Bang and is one of the oldest stars known as of 2021.
If so, the apparent visual data of the oldest of these enables us to longstop-date the reionization (first star formation) phase of the Universe independently of theories and evidence of the first few million years after the Big Bang.
As he does so, we see a view of his window from the street, along with a loud bang and a sudden flash through the curtains.
 Le big bang n'est pas une théorie comme les autres (2009) with François-Xavier Désert, Dominique Leglu and Gilbert Reinisch 
Le big bang n'est pas une théorie comme les autres
From 1985 to the present Luca Francesconi has composed eight works of a theatrical stamp, from Scene, on a text by Umberto Fiori, to the chamber opera In Ostaggio, from Lips, Eyes Bang, for actress/singer, twelve instruments and live audio/video, to the video-opera Striaz.
EQ Music Blog reviewed it as an upbeat tune and a "monster swaggering anthem set by a drum and bass beat... It’s going to make you bump, bump, your hump, hump resolutely in happiness at it’s [sic] every which way, crash and bang burst of positivity."
Despite Brian's insistence that The Bayonets were a "one and done" band, only releasing singles, an LP titled "Crash Boom Bang!"
New song titles include "Crash Boom Bang!
A vinyl edition of "Crash Boom Bang!"
Wat Saen Suk () or Wang Saen Suk Monastery Garden (also known as Wang Saen Suk Hell Garden and Thailand Hell Horror Park) is a buddhist temple located in Bang Saen city, Chonburi province, Thailand.
The hell garden is located at Sai 2, Soi 19, Saen Suk, close to Thailand's Bang Saen Beach.
Gracixalus nonggangensis is a species of shrub frog found in southern Guangxi, China, and Cao Bang Province in northern Vietnam.
2012 Season: The Stampede started off their vibrant history with a bang, going unbeaten in their first four contests (3–0–1).
González composed the music for all of Bit Managers titles with the exception of two, being BANG!, released in the arcades, and Radikal Bikers, a Sony PlayStation port of the arcade game with the same name.
This skatepark caught fire on 12 May 2017 with the blaze being categorised as a “sixth alarm", which is large and a loud bang was heard with thick smoke covering the roof of the venue.
Other film credits include Zoom, Zoom Superman (1973), Ang Boyfriend Kong Baduy (1975), Elektrika, Kasi Eh (1976), Star (1979), Katorse (1980), Anak (1981), Angkinin Mo Ako (1983), Ang Boyfriend Kong Kano (1983), Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin (1984), Room 69 (1984) and Bulaklak ng City Jail (1984).
The song samples the Aero Chord's Festival Trap Remix of Ultra Music's duo Bang La Decks' 2013 single "Utopia".
The script was written by Bang Marqee; blogger-cum-novelist Raditya Dika was reportedly attached, but denied any connection owing in part to fears that his young readers would attempt to learn of Ozawa and her pornography.
During an interview, Lund and Jansen explained that the band is named after Georges Lemaître, a Belgian priest who first proposed the Big Bang Theory and derived the physics concept now referred to as Hubble's Law.
Using the Sloan Digital Telescope, astronomers have measured the distance to galaxies six billion light-years away – about halfway back to the Big Bang – to an accuracy of just 1 percent.
PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are abundant in the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.
By demonstrating rippling patterns (the possible effect of gravitational waves) in the cosmic microwave background, astronomers may have uncovered a major piece of evidence to support inflation and the Big Bang theory of the universe.
The image, in the constellation Fornax, includes some of the most distant galaxies to have been imaged by an optical telescope, existing shortly after the Big Bang.
This event came to be known as the Big Bang.
In its short history, MET featured several well-known stars in its productions, including Jim Parsons (CBS's The Big Bang Theory), Mireille Enos (AMC's The Killing), and Robert Prosky (Hill Street Blues, Broadcast News, Dead Man Walking).
The channel was launched on March 10, 2013, concurrent with a kickoff panel by the creative team during South by Southwest (SXSW), broadcast live on the podcast Comedy Bang!
Many of these improvisations, for example with Billy Bang, Thomas Buckner, Roy Campbell, Jr., Roy Haynes, Steve Lacy, Sunny Murray, William Parker, Joe McPhee, Cecil Taylor, among others, are documented in Celebrations published in 1997 by Christian Bourgois, Paris.
According to the eyewitnesses, they heard a screeching sound and a bang.
 Carolina Bang as Eva
She appeared on one of the top rating GMA TV series Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
Making Noise: From Babel to the Big Bang and Beyond.
Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig
The Backyard: Imagine Dragons, Charles Bradley and His Extraordinaries, The Knocks, Chiddy Bang, Lupe Fiasco
The Porch: Wild Party, Wolf Alice, Colony House, Bear Hands, Chiddy Bang
Bang Eun-jin (born 1965), South Korean actress and film director
Bang Hyo-jin (born 1988), stage name Go Eun-ah, South Korean actress
In January 2014 FPR took control of Bang, town on border with Chad and Cameroon, however they were ousted by Revolution and Justice month later.
As soon as he came home, the quarrelling began, and then you heard a bang.
 Ready to Go, a 2004 album by Bang Tango
Saule started writing music releasing his first EP, Saule, of four tracks on "30 février" in November 2005, followed by his first album Vous êtes ici in March 2006 on the same label with distribution rights to the Bang label.
"Don't Speak (I Came to Make a BANG!
Moreover, the speed of light c may have been much higher (at least trillion trillion times faster than the normal speed of light) during early moments of the Big Bang.
Best Export: Bang Gang and Barði Jóhannsson
He began carrying a green drum with him to the ring that he would bang before the match to annoy his opponents and also use as an actual weapon during the match.
Aguilar, along with film director Sandro Ventura, Hugo Shinki and Jesus Alvarez, formed the production company Big Bang Films, which has produced El buen Pedro, released in September 2012, and Quizás mañana, released in February 2013.
In June 2009, Kollegah and Farid Bang released Jung, brutal, gutaussehend, their first collaborative studio album.
 Shopping - Ryan Bang ft. Donnalyn Bartolome (2015)
Shared with Sharon Cuneta for Dapat ka Bang Mahalin.
Ano Bang Meron Ka?
Tomorrow´s Child first appeared on record with one song on the 1988 Metal Blade compilation Street Survivors which had songs from 10 of the best LA club bands at the time, including also Little Caesar (band) and Bang Tango.
In August 2012, the Stones gathered at a studio in Paris to record their first new material since A Bigger Bang, over seven years ago.
In 2005, Frebel discovered the star HE 1327-2326, which is the most iron-deficient star, stemming from a time very shortly after the Big Bang.
Comfort Woman - Wianbu (2008) is a short film directed and produced by James Bang.
Like Bang, Olufsen studied at the Technical University of Aarhus.
Olufsen and Bang both shared an enthusiasm for radio, which at the time was in its infancy.
Their company, Bang & Olufsen, was formally established on 17 November 1925, with Olufsen primarily focusing on the business aspects.
However it is Michaels contribution to the two songs recorded ('meeting' and Self's 'treason') that Producer Joe Perry remembers: 'Micheal would sing and bang on a Farfisa organ creating a large explosion.
Although a Lutheran pastor, Bang is primarily known for his contributions as a theological writer and publisher.
In total, Bang will spend over 7000 Norwegian speciedaler in the printing of books.
Then, from behind some weird desert camouflage, you saw Gibbs' eyes and -- BANG -- Saleem was gone.
The event was hosted by the Korea Tourism Organization, and featured performances by K-Pop artists such as MBLAQ, Infinite, Big Bang, IU, Girls’ Generation , and Miss A.
 Ano bang Trip Mo?
 EsKWELAHAN ni Ryan Bang (2011–2013)
With a Bang, entitled as  in its original Japanese publication, is the 107th story arc of the Japanese manga series Case Closed, which is referred to as  in Japan.
ComicBookBin.com's Leroy Douresseaux praised how With a Bang broke the whodunit norm and compared the plot to a Hollywood action-thriller film.
A VOMIC (voiced comic) version, which added voice clips to the manga pages, was featured on the Sakiyomi Jan Bang!
In 2010, they performed at the Up the Hammers, Bang Your Head!!!
Sam and Kai bang on the door, but Mason will not let them in.
Song Ok-sook as Bang Jung-ja
She appeared in GMA-7 TV series like Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
After she played the kind-hearted rape victim in Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?, Jana Roxas reappeared as the vindictive and socialite Charlene in Ikaw Sana.
Really Craft When You (2017), commissioned by Bang on a Can All Stars.
Some of their popular songs were Tarzan on a Big Red Scooter, Hey Winner, Mind Your Eye, and Bang Your Head.
In 1987, Virgin Records supplemented an English version of “Have Pleasure” with the newly written songs Bang Your Head and Mind Your Eye.
Bang Your Head appeared on the soundtrack of the American film “Hiding Out”.
The Big Bang Theory was also the highest rated show of the night.
Club gave this episode an A, calling it "one of the strongest episodes of The Big Bang Theory’s six seasons", in which Sheldon's comments to women reached "Curb Your Enthusiasm levels of awkwardness".
Five months after his fight with Jomar Farjardo, Srisaket was scheduled to fight the former WBA Minimunweight champion Kwanthai Sithmorseng at the Workpoint Studio in Bang Phun, Thailand.
Bang Jeong-Hwan, (November 9, 1899 – July 23, 1931), was a pioneer of Korean juvenile literature and a children's rights activist, who led the establishment of Children's Day in Korea.
Bang Jeong-Hwan was born November 9, 1899, in Seoul, Korea.
Bang graduated from Posung School and  studied Child Psychology and Children's Literature at Toyo College in Japan.
Original stories, adaptations and translations Bang contributed to the magazine reveal his intimate awareness of the ways in which economic difficulties of life can affect children and corrupt their innocence; rich with lessons, these works reinforce the view that the good will ultimately triumph over evil and seek to restore the purity of childhood.
In addition to such literary endeavors, Bang Jeonghwan continually sought ways to improve children’s life both culturally and materially.
Along with Kim Gijeon and Lee Jeongho, Bang Jeonghwan is considered an early champion of children’s rights in Korea.
How It Began: A Time Traveler’s Guide to the Universe  is a non-fiction book by the astronomer Chris Impey that discusses the history of the universe, with chapters ranging from the proximate universe to within an iota of the Big Bang.
This section continues with a visit to galaxies that created their stars long before the Earth formed and it finished with the time when stars first congealed out of gas in the expanding universe, 200 million years after the Big Bang.
Reaching back to the time when the universe was as hot as the core of a star, the Big Bang is manifested in the creation of helium.
Legacy Effects has created effects for television shows such as Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Colony, Agent Carter, Grey's Anatomy and The Big Bang Theory, and contributed work to over 900 commercials.
Wie's Bang is Van Coke Kartel's third studio album.
He started out the season with a bang, collecting 30 disposals and kicking a goal in the ' 65-point annihilation of  in the opening round, getting named as one of the team's best players that match.
Will Hermes of Rolling Stone also commented on the song's lyrics, describing it as "Perry Farrell sounding like Carl Sagan in an episode of Cosmos, musing ominously about the stars and some sort of big bang."
The Big Bang UK Young Scientists and Engineers Fair, founded 2009, is the United Kingdom’s largest celebration of STEM (science, technology, engineering and maths) for young people, and is one of the largest youth events in the UK.
The Big Bang celebrates and raises the profile of young people’s achievements in science and engineering and encourages more young people to take part in science, technology, engineering and maths initiatives with support from their parents and teachers.
Big Bang Near Me events take place across the UK to enable young people to discover close to home the exciting and rewarding science and engineering careers that their science and maths subjects can lead to.
In 2012, the Big Bang Fair was hosted in the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham.
The Big Bang Fair has been criticised by NGOs such as the Campaign Against the Arms Trade and Friends of the Earth due to the heavy involvement of arms manufacturers and fossil fuel companies at the event.
The show follows the StoryBots characters of Beep, Bing, Bang, Boop and Bo (a.k.a.
I do wish it were smaller still, like the just-announced Lumia 925, but you're getting plenty of bang for your buck here.
Vanderbilt later said, "He would take my head and bang it against the wall.
In southern France during the Roaring Twenties, Philip Bang, a notorious master con man serving his time in prison, is relocated to a high security facility for hard labor after causing an uproar at supper.
Before Felix can enjoy his new-found freedom, he is picked up by Belle Duke's men, who mistake him for Bang.
Once his true identity is found out, Belle Duke is less than delighted and demands of Felix to free Bang.
Shortly afterwards, the police, called upon the scene by Felix as part of his plan, arrives, supposedly arresting a dismayed Bang.
The first event of the festival is the  (), the release of a signal rocket, also known as the first bang, which has taken place since 2001 from the balcony of the Teatro Arriaga.
In 1981, besides the first bang, the  was entrusted with the task of launching another rocket every day of the festival at seven in the morning.
Bang Jun-hyuk (born 2004), also known as Win, South Korean singer, member of MCND
Ivy is no stranger to celebrities and has chalked up an impressive list of interviewees, including Jay Chou, May Day, Eason Chan, Beast, Big Bang, G-Dragon, S.H.E and Aaron Kwok.
During the COVID-19 pandemic downtime, the group collaborated and released an original single "All Aboard the Bang Train" - a song about the famous Bluebird Nightclub in Bloomington, Indiana.
Bang Sin-hye (born 1967), South Korean hurdler
 The Big Bang Theory – Leonard Hofstadter attended Princeton, and Amy Farrah Fowler served a fellowship there until Sheldon Cooper proposed to her.
TV / Film: Gilmore Girls, Bad Santa, The Big Bang Theory, MacGyver, Orange Is The New Black, Buffy The Vampire Slayer, Rich Kids
 Cercle Kapsiki (Hervé Yamguen, Hervé Youmbi, Salifou Lindou, Blaise Bang, Jules Bertrand Wokam).
The collective Cercle Kapsiki was created in 1998 by five artists (Blaise Bang, Salifou Lindou, Jules Wokam, Hervé Yamguen et Hervé Youmbi) with the specific aim of producing urban interventions and encouraging the debate on the role of art in the urban space.
 The Crash Poets – Big Bang Theory – Producer, Engineer, Mixing, Guitar
At Karim's flat, he finds two other men waiting to gang bang him.
Bang Seung-hwan (born 1983), South Korean football player 
The band formed in 2011 by members of Irish groups Crowd Control, Bang Bros, The Pacifics, Cheap Freaks and Cian Nugent And The Cosmos.
Bang Hyeon-seok (born 1961), South Korean writer
 Lady Im of the Pungcheon Im clan (본관: 풍천 임씨); Hong Hyeon-bo’s first wife, daughter of Im Bang (임방, 任埅) (1640 - 1724)
In 2011, she moved to London to work as a freelance artist in clubs and cabarets such as The Box Soho, Cafe de Paris, Supperclub, The Old Vic Tunnels Edinburgh Fringe Festival and at various shows with the old Boom Boom club (now Boom and Bang Circus) in South Bank, London.
New for the F15 X5 was a high-end Bang and Olufsen premium surround-sound system, which included sixteen speakers, a 5.1-channel external amplifier, and metal speaker grilles.
Ashley Wallbridge featuring Audrey Gallagher – Bang the Drum (Omnia Remix)
Bang Hyung-joo as Choon-myung
His best-known works include his children's operas commissioned by the Finnish National Opera and the Savonlinna Opera Festival: Gaia; Strawhat, Feltslipper and the Big Bang ("Heinähattu, Vilttitossu ja suuri pamaus"); and The Seven Dog Brothers ("Seitsemän koiraveljestä").
The silk-manufacturer (owner/general manager of C. C. bang Silk weaving) of Rheydt Emil Vorster is known size of German autosports scene before and after the World War II.
A cover of the song was performed by Poppin'Party and released as part of the BanG Dream!
Stein reveals that the matrix, if not found, will get overloaded and explode, causing a second Big Bang.
Thompson was replaced on drums by Justin Burgess for the recording of Bang The Love Drum, though original drummer Ed Pranskus returned for subsequent live performances.
He had started the 2014/15 year with a bang, co-leading the team in tries through seven games before injuring his knee In an international friendly.
, a character in the media franchise BanG Dream!
 Bang La Decks – "Kuedon"
In 2015, Kal joined Big Bang onstage and performed the intro to their single "Blue" at their MADE World Tour held in Seoul, South Korea.
Bang Min-ah as Kim Ga-young (ep 2)
Moreover, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, who had not been in the Bollywood scheme of things for a while, return with a bang and demonstrate how they cannot be away from the scene for long.He also said that this album is not better than Mehra's previous movies Rang De Basanti and Delhi 6."
In 2015, she released her third studio album entitled Bang, which was certified platinum and produced the singles "Deixa Ele Sofrer", "Essa Mina é Louca" and "Cravo e Canela".
Bang debuted at number three on the Brazilian albums chart with 40,000 copies sold at its first week.
After the release of the album Bang (2015), the style of the singer began to make references to pop art.
Initially, this included almost all of the Yan Nawa District and was part of Bang Kho Laem District.
The Yangjing Bang (also Yang-ching-pang and Yang-king-pang) was the boundary between the British Concession (later part of the Shanghai International Settlement) to the north, and the Shanghai French Concession in the south.
The mix of nationalities in this area gave rise to the Chinese name "Yangjing Bang English" for Chinese Pidgin English.
In 1914–15, authorities in the two concessions co-operated to fill in the Yangjing Bang.
In 2015, Anitta released her third studio album, Bang, which became her best-selling album to date, selling over 300,000 copies in Brazil.
One recent survey, conducted by physicist Max Tegmark, on "of how different US faith communities view origins science, particularly evolution and Big Bang cosmology."
Specifically on the subject of creation/evolution, some Anglicans view "Big Bang cosmology" as being "in tune with both the concepts of creation out of nothing and continuous creation."
Under Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, the International Theological Commission published a paper accepting the big bang of 15 billion years ago and the evolution of all life including humans from the microorganisms that formed approximately 4 billion years ago.
My Absolute Boyfriend () is a 2019 South Korean television drama series based on the manga Absolute Boyfriend by Yuu Watase and starring Yeo Jin-goo, Bang Min-ah, and Hong Jong-hyun.
Bang Min-ah as Um Da-da 
This will be the first song I've recorded for my next record.... and we're starting off with a BIG bang!!!"
 Lee Si-eon as Bang Sung-jae (ep 16)
He played Nelson "Big Head" Bighetti in the HBO comedy series Silicon Valley, Kyle on the IFC show Maron, and Dale in The Big Bang Theory.
During the Chu–Han Contention, the brothers Li Yiji and Li Shang helped Liu Bang defeat Xiang Yu to establish the Han Dynasty in 206 BC.
Li Yiji was a close advisor to Liu Bang but was executed by Liu's enemies when he tried to persuade them to surrender.
Li Yiji (酈食其), influential advisor to Liu Bang, founding emperor of the Han Dynasty.
 Double Bang (2001) as Frankie Carbonaro
 Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Eu Cheow Bang, Superintendent, Singapore Police Force.
It operates via these primary locations: Talat Phlu, Wongwian Yai, Pak Khlong Talat, Sanam Luang, Bang Lamphu, Wat Sam Phraya, Thewet, Saint Gabriel's College, Vajira Hospital and here, etc.
On 1 January 1927, it became a junction for the Northern/Northeastern Line and the Southern Line after the construction of the rail link between Bang Sue and Taling Chan, over Rama VI Bridge.
In 1989, Bang Sue was separated into two railway stations.
The Grand Station will utilize platforms 25 through 28 from Bang Sue Junction for diesel and long-distance trains, with a path leading into the central hall of new station, until all passenger services on the Thai railway network are electrified.
Currently Bang Sue Grand Station is being used as a mass vaccination site in Thailand.
May (singer) (born Bang Yu-jeong, 1982), South Korean female singer in Japan
It was used as µ-Ziq's set during the Bang Face 2012 weekender in Cornwall.
| The Big Bang Theory| 23.10
Gaga also take shots at those who attempt to analyze her work, with the line: "I stand here waiting for you to bang the gong/ To crash the critic saying 'Is it right or is it wrong?".
The Big Bang Theory as Raj Koothrappali (Kunal Nayyar)
Now, let your heart fill with love and bang your damn head up and down."
Lucy Jones of NME gave the album an eight out of ten, saying "Killer Mike’s Atlanta baritone drawl is like a rich, syrupy chocolate fudge cake compared to El-P’s hyper, sinewy flow and, along with supporting actors Big Boi and Prince Paul, the synergy here is bang on the money.
Le then collaborated with Street Fighter artist Long Vo to create artwork and a comic for Udon Entertainment's book VENT, as well as with Sideshow Collectibles' sculptor Tim Miller, theCHIVE, Gibson Guitar Corporation, KusoVinyl, Myx TV, Manga Entertainment UK and Bang Zoom!
BTS began its formation in 2010 after Big Hit Entertainment CEO Bang Si-hyuk met with group leader RM and was impressed with his rapping.
BTS was originally supposed to be a hip hop group similar to YG Entertainment's 1TYM, but between their initial formation and their debut, Bang Si-hyuk decided instead to create an idol group similar to Seo Taiji and Boys who were popular in the 90's.
Lazarus, Catie "Buy Curious: Dave Attell Gets a Bang for His Twenty Bucks".
The casting was made with the help of Bang Zoom!.
 Lee Won-jong as Bang Man-bok
 Aarti Mann (born 1978), American actress in The Big Bang Theory
In what may be the last Ratchet & Clank'' for this console generation, the series takes its leave with a proper bang, reuniting you with your favorite characters and keeping you hooting and hollering all the way to the finish line."
 "Mind Your Manners" (Chiddy Bang song) (2011)
He has released three solo albums to date: "Devil and Daughter" (2004 Audrey Records, Australia, and 2007 Bang!
Finding Pontos drunk and passed out, he looks around, but just then, Police Detectives Taggart and Burns bang on the door.
He later released the album Bang 3 in two parts.
The Girl Who Runs the Beat Hotel is the second album by English indie pop band Biff Bang Pow!, released in 1987.
Oblivion is the third album by London indie pop band Biff Bang Pow!
Love Is Forever is the fourth album by London indie pop band Biff Bang Pow!
Songs For The Sad Eyed Girl is the fifth album by London indie pop band Biff Bang Pow!
Anne Katrin Bang, a Middle East specialist of the Chr.
The ceremony was highlighted by 8 Emmy wins for the HBO film Behind the Candelabra, as well as Bob Newhart's win for a guest appearance on The Big Bang Theory, his first Emmy win in a TV career spanning over 5 decades.
HFLS3 is the name for a distant galaxy at z = 6.34, originating about 880 million years after the Big Bang.
David Bang (Dennis Ba-ang, MOR 91.9 Cagayan de Oro)
The 2nd version was used extensively on the Manila station from the day after, while provincial stations only adopted it on an occasional basis, as the ABS-CBN Regional group received its own set of jingles produced by Dennis Ba-ang (popularly known on-air as David Bang from MOR Cagayan De Oro).
Under the slogan "K-Pop Hologram: YG at Everland", virtual performances include Psy's "Gentleman" and "Gangnam Style" as well as virtual concerts by Big Bang and 2NE1.
 Soundcloud The Big Bang Podcast 
She said of the device, "No, it's not that much better than the original, but it still delivers great bang for your buck."
IGN's Roth Cornet gave the episode a score of 8.3/10, and wrote "...new showrunner Scott Gimple, who penned the episode, and co-executive producer Greg Nicotero, who directed it, were determined to “come in with a bang,” as promised ...and that is exactly what we got."
starring Hwang Shin-hye and Bang Eun-jin.
 2006 – Amir ft. Santo Trafficante, Inoki, Tek Money – Prestigionewkings (from Prestigio Click Bang vol.
B.A.P's Bang Yong-guk confirmed his part in writing the song: "I thought it was unfortunate that you always hear about criminals every time you turn on the news, making society feel scary and unsafe.
2012: Bang Tango, Trixter, Jackyl, Blackfoot, Molly Hatchet, 38 Special, Enuff Z'nuff, Lynch Mob, Stryper, Queensrÿche (first show w/new singer Todd La Torre)
Bang Yong-guk - himself (cameo)
At the land plot of Lad Phrao Road 101, currently is the location of the community 101 Bueng Thong Lang (in front of the temple), located at Lad Phrao Road, Soi 101, Bang Kapi District, with an area of ​​​​27 rai of monks.
Max Nagl had spent the majority of the season out injured but came back with a bang in the final few rounds of the year.
Bang Kil-seung as Doksa ("Viper")
The orbiter will explore the universe as it was from around 80 million years to 420 million years after the Big Bang.
The Big Bang produced a hot, dense, nearly homogeneous universe.
At a redshift of about 1100, equivalent to about 400,000 years after the Big Bang, when the primordial plasma filling the universe cooled sufficiently for protons and electrons to combine into neutral hydrogen atoms, the universe became optically thin whereby photons from this early era no longer interacted with matter.
DARE's approach is to measure the spectral shape of the sky-averaged, redshifted  21-cm signal over a radio bandpass of 40–120 MHz, observing the redshift range 11–35, which correlates to 80–420 million years after the Big Bang.
Other temples near Krabi town include Wat Kaew, Wat Bang Riang, Wat Klong Thom, Wat Sai Thai.
He provided vocals to the Jan Bang single "Merciful Waters" which appears on the group's debut 1989 album Frozen Feelings.
As of 6 January 2022, 16 trains serve Bang Bamru railway station (excluding services on the Light Red Line).
uttered by Dr. Sheldon Cooper in the television program The Big Bang Theory, as the small size means the species was probably mistaken as a juvenile of other species, such as the similar Catostylus mosaicus; the term bazinga is also given to a seven-string harp, and the straight radial canals of this new species are reminiscent of such strings.
Bang Min-ah was born on May 13, 1993, in Incheon, South Korea.
Club reviewers have praised the venue for the variety of club nights it has, saying "Whether you're planning a rave night to the sickest dubstep or want a goth night out with hardcore beats to bang your head to, Electrowerkz has it."
At roughly an hour in length, this is one download that doesn't offer a lot of bang for your buck."
Some of the artist he's played amongst or apprenticed with include Charlie Persip, Candido Camero, Billy Bang, The Cadillacs, Robert Glasper, Louis Reyes Rivera, Olu Dara, Jimmy Owens, and Chico Freeman.
The President's Last Bang (Im Sang-soo, South Korea)
Based on the manhwa by Bang Hak-gi (published daily by Sports Seoul from June 1985 to June 1988), the drama series had a budget of  and its story depicts the loves, friendships and patriotism of young Korean independence fighters in 1930s Shanghai.
 Bang Min-ah (Girl's Day) as a character in Woo-bong's fan fiction novel
Lê Duy Bang was born in 1532 in Thanh Hóa.
Grand Chancellor Trịnh Kiểm, who had been the virtual ruler of south Đại Việt since the reign of Lê Trang Tông, decided to select Duy Bang as the new emperor.
Therefore, having become emperor, Lê Anh Tông/Lê Duy Bang had to cooperate with Trịnh Kiểm in conducting the war with the Mạc house in order to unite Vietnam.
Bang Goes the Budgie was an Australian children's television series that first aired on ABC in 1985 and was broadcast for several years until 1991.
The success of further New York engagements convinced the band to make a new studio album, Ain't No Lies in Blood, which was released on Thick Syrup Records (CD) and Bang!
(2012), Hot in Cleveland (2012), Clipped (2015), The Big Bang Theory (2018–2019), and Good Girls (2020–2021), and in the films Jurassic World (2015), The Unicorn (2018), and The Wrong Missy (2020).
Lapkus has appeared on various podcasts, including Comedy Bang!
Gati said the "writers open the window a tiny bit - I reach through and then bang, so it's very contrived.
 Jens Bang (1575-1644) a wealthy Danish merchant, lived in Aalborg from age 22
The police chase Oggy and Jack as the 20th century has already arrived with a big bang.
Interested in computer music and new technologies, he followed the Curriculum composition and computer music at IRCAM in 2005 where he made Big Bang for viola and electronics.
"The Hofstadter Insufficiency" is the first episode of the seventh season of The Big Bang Theory and the 136th episode in total.
The Big Bang Theory was also the highest-rated show of the night.
From 1999–2007, Fishelson's MET featured several well-known stars in its productions, including Jim Parsons (CBS's The Big Bang Theory), Mireille Enos (AMC's The Killing), Robert Prosky (NBC's Hill Street Blues), Valerie Harper (CBS's The Mary Tyler Moore Show), and Tovah Feldshuh (NBC's Holocaust).
Daniel Bryant of Worship Leader told that "The production throughout is tight and right on point", and this album comes with "a proverbial bang."
Bob, inspired, decides that they should go out with a bang and serve one last meal to the student body.
He has been associated with the music of Bang on a Can composer Michael Gordon, David Lang and Julia Wolfe in performances with Concerto Cologne and the Basel Sinfonietta of Decasia, Lost Objects and Shelter.
Bang Eun-hee as Eo-jin's mother
Because of the vast scale of questions in cosmology, advances often require supercomputer simulations in which a virtual Universe is allowed to evolve for 13.8 billion years from the Big Bang to the present day.
In a slightly more critical but equally optimistic review, Sal Cinquemani of Slant added "It's obvious from the big bang that opens the film that Del Rey and Mandler have zero interest in subtlety, but interestingly, Del Rey doesn't position herself among the film's icons of Americana the way, say, Kanye West or Lady Gaga might.
On 14 July the group set off on the Make Some Noise Tour at Bang Your Head Festival in Balingen, Germany.
Situated on Østerågade in Nytorv square, it was built in 1624 by Jens Bang in Dutch Renaissance style.
The son of Sidsel Jørgensdatter by her second marriage to Oluf Bang, he was consequently the half-brother of Aalborg's mayor, Jørgen Olufsen, who had already built a mansion higher up the Østerå street.
After arriving in Aalborg in 1600, Bang joined the city's merchant-trade guild Guds Legems Lav.
Surprisingly, Bang never assumed any responsibilities in the city's administration, possibly because he was not keen to do so but more probably aggressive attitude prevented him from doing so.
In 1623, Bang inherited Københavns gård, a large old Aalborg property, on the corner of Østerå and Adelsgade.
Bang died in 1644 during the Torstenson War when Aalborg was once again occupied.
As Bang had no direct descendants, ownership of the house was divided between a number of inheritors until in 1671, the pharmacist Johannes Friederich bought the buildings and opened his Swaneapotek (Swan Pharmacy) there.
Bang Eun-jin as Diana Yoon, fashion designer
In 2013, a third album of his, Mox Nox, was published via Bang Ediciones.
It was released in February 2000 as a single from Big Bang Boogie, a bonus EP included with Wynonna Judd's 2000 album New Day Dawning.
Ronald Hunter, 70, American actor (Along Came Polly, Law & Order, The Big Bang Theory), heart and kidney failure.
 Midway City, a fictional city in the Big Bang Comics universe, known for being the home of Knight Watchman
In The Big Bang Theory, Rajesh Koothrappali, portrayed by Kunal Nayyar, studied astrophysics at Cambridge.
Born in Horsens, he was the son of merchant Oluf Bang.
Bang arrived in Aalborg at the age of 22 where he was apprenticed to a merchant.
Bang died in Aalborg in 1644.
Bang!, as well as doing recurring voice work on Hulu's The Awesomes,  Disney XD's Wander Over Yonder, and Cartoon Network's Craig of the Creek.
Vulgar phrasal verb with stress on the verbal particle, meaning "to bang, screw" in transitive use (usually said of males).
Big Bang Comics by Gary Carlson & Chris Ecker
(Dutch: Ik ben echt niet bang!)
The train was mentioned in The Big Bang Theory, Season 2, Episode 17 ("The Terminator Decoupling").
Other venues that have exhibited Vitale's work include Venus Over Los Angeles, The Contemporary Austin, The Journal Gallery, Karma, Various Small Fires, the Elaine de Kooning House, the Rubell Family Collection, Kling & Bang, White Columns, Brooklyn Museum, Contemporary Fine Arts Berlin, Mosquito Coast Factory and Contemporary Art Centre Vilnius.
Years later, upon his return to the United States, Steve provided vocals for several projects at studios such as Bang Records and Muscle Shoals.
Steve met his first wife Mary Milbourn at Bang Records; they had two children, Gaylea and Sevren.
Finally, Big Bang mode combines Fever mode from Puyo Puyo with Lucky Attack from Tetris.
ReceptionPlayStation LifeStyle gave the Vita version 8/10 and called it "an example of a franchise entry done right", somewhat disliking Big Bang Mode but with high praise for Adventure and Swap.
The show placed fourth for the night behind The Big Bang Theory, The Crazy Ones, and Grey's Anatomy.
Great Ball Watermelon, Big Bang!
It was carried out between 2010 and 2013 with two cameras on board Hubble – WFC3 and ACS – and aims to explore galactic evolution in the early Universe, and the very first seeds of cosmic structure at less than one billion years after the Big Bang.
Work on this album began as early as 2011 with the single 'Zecchou Bang!!'
As of 2022, he currently lends his voice in English dubs for Studiopolis, Bang Zoom!
Aoki released his long-awaited debut studio album, Wonderland, on January 10, 2012, featuring guest vocalists and musicians LMFAO, Kid Cudi, Kay, Travis Barker, will.i.am aka Zuper Blahq, Wynter Gordon, Rivers Cuomo, Lil Jon, Chiddy Bang, Lovefoxxx of CSS, Big John Duncan (former guitarist of the punk band The Exploited), and others, through his record label Dim Mak.
She touches fingertips with her, then goes all the way to the beginning of time and witnesses the Big Bang.
Supporting main stage acts were Thee Oh Sees, Bosnian Rainbows and The Bang Girl Group Revue.
Scovel has appeared on several popular podcasts, including Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend with Conan O'Brien, Comedy Bang!
2014 (17 Nov), the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect debuted with a bang, hitting its RMB13bn one-day trading cap at 13:57 HK time (less than five hours after markets opened).
Each member of Team SSSN (pronounced "sun") has a Big Bang motif.
His outfit is an allusion to G-Dragon of Big Bang.
His outfit is an allusion to Taeyang of Big Bang.
His appearance and outfit is styled after Big Bang member T.O.P.
The Big Bang Theory—Renewed for a ninth and tenth season on March 12, 2014.
Alex Strachan of Canada.com said, in regards to ratings, "Wonderland’s future may well depend on a change of scenery — a new day and time, no pun intended — where it can be given room to breathe and find an audience" as the series faces competition with The Big Bang Theory.
Farm and The Big Bang Theory.
Southworth's compositions have been performed throughout the U.S., Europe, and Indonesia by ensembles including Kronos Quartet, Gamelan Galak Tika, Calder Quartet, Bang on a Can All-Stars, Gamelan Semara Ratih, California EAR Unit, Andrew W.K., and Ensemble Robot.
In 2002, she was a fellow at the first annual Bang on a Can Summer Institute of Music at Mass MOCA.
Commissioned by Bang on a Can People's Commissioning Fund.
Bang on a Can People’s Commissioning Fund Commission – 2009
He went on to appear in Criminal Minds and Comedy Bang!
Bang Khwang Central Prison contains the nation's primary death row, but death rows are present for both men and women in provincial prisons.
March 24 - Battle of Bang Bo (Zhennan Pass)
In 2015, Lupa released the song “Utopia” with his side project Bang La Decks.The song was featured in the video game FIFA 15 and the TV series Power and Teen Wolf.
Work with Bang La Decks
 Flash Bang Grenada - "Hyperbolic" from 10 Haters (2011)
The problem was that at various times in the 20th century, some objects in the universe were estimated to be older than the time elapsed since the Big Bang, as estimated from measurements of the expansion rate of the universe known as the Hubble constant, denoted H0.
If so, this would represent a contradiction, since objects such as galaxies, stars and planets could not have existed in the extreme temperatures and densities shortly after the Big Bang.
This concept, initially known as the "Primeval Atom" by Lemaitre, was later elaborated into the modern Big Bang theory.
For H0 ~ 75 (km/s)/Mpc, the inverse of H0 is 13.0 billion years; so after 1958 the Big Bang model age was comfortably older than the Earth.
The higher values for H0 appeared to predict a universe younger than the globular cluster ages, and gave rise to some speculations during the 1980s that the Big Bang model was seriously incorrect.
It is known from several protected areas in Vietnam: Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Pu Huong Nature Reserve, Ky Anh-Ke Go Reserve, and Xuan Lien Nature Reserve.
With Jan Bang, Erik Honoré & Nils Chr.
In 2001, Scott Adams published God's Debris: A Thought Experiment, in which a fictional character puts forth a  radical form of kenosis, surmising that an omnipotent God annihilated himself in the Big Bang, because God would already know everything possible except his own lack of existence, and would have to end that existence in order to complete his knowledge.
Fluorescent color and rich oil paint portrayed the chaos and nuclear explosion that is the Big Bang with rage and the expanding universe.
Big Bang, Galería Animal, Santiago, Chile
It is "seen as it was at a time just 700 million years after the Big Bang [...] when the universe was only about 5 percent of its current age of 13.8 billion years".
 Bang The Love Drum (1997)
The anime's second official soundtrack was released on November 5, 2014, with the title Precure Sound Big Bang!!
On January 18, 2020 through labelmate senior Big Bang Taeyang's charity flea market and auction, Flower Response (花答), Winner participated by contributing personal items with a combined total of over 700 items alongside Sandara Park, CL, AKMU, iKon and Ione, while Taeyang alone donated over 1,300 personal items.
Bang enrolled in the Chung-Ang University's Department of Creative writing in 1980 and later, under an assumed identity, worked as a laborer in Incheon.
After leaving the factory in 1994 Bang collected history and information on democratic labor unions, a collection that informed some of his work including Off to Battle a Dawn.
Bang has worked as a creative writing professor at Chung-Ang University, on the editorial board of Silcheonmunhak, and as the editor-in-chief of Asia: Magazine of Asian Literature.
"No matter what, literature is life and nothing else,” Bang has declared, “and the fulcrum of my life will continue to be literature.
Bang, however, is not only a historical author.
 Georges Lemaître, (1894-1966), physicist and astronomer, considered the founder of the Big Bang theory
In comparison to HST, its instruments will allow looking further back in time and will study the so-called Dark Ages during which the universe was opaque, about 150 to 800 million years after the Big Bang.
Many of the playable characters have multiple forms that are separate playable characters, each with unique move sets and Big Bang Attacks.
Transformed into a fluid-like weapon called the Aether, the Reality Stone (red) first appears in Thor: The Dark World when Malekith the Accursed attempts to use the Aether to destroy the Nine Realms and return the universe to its pre-Big Bang state; only to be thwarted by Bor, who had it hidden.
She has appeared with The Lincoln Center Festival, The Philip Glass Ensemble, Bang On a Can Marathon, Music at the Anthology, Composers' Collaborative, Inc., and at many other venues, ranging from concert halls such as Carnegie to theatrical spaces such as The Kitchen to clubs such as The Knitting Factory and The Cutting Room.
After the Hoyas defeated DePaul in the last game of the regular season and reporters asked Blue Demons head coach Jerry Wainwright about his thoughts on why the 2008-2009 Georgetown team had fallen so far so fast, he replied that the Hoyas "started with a bang and, I think, youth caught up with them."
1990 When Republican Margo Ewing Bang retired and left the District 8 seat open, Sokola was unopposed for the 1990 Democratic Primary and won the November 6, 1990 General election with 6,738 votes (51%) against Republican nominee Frank Marx.
Before August 2017, Bang Sue station operated only one platform.
He now has his radio show on London’s top urban station Bang Radio 103.6FM.
The station bridged to nearby shopping mall The Mall Bang Khae by elevated walkway.
Jacob Eiler Bang (19 December 1899 in Frederiksberg - 16 March 1965 in Kongens Lyngby) was a Danish glass designer.
She also wrote, "A recent spoof movie in Malayalam was bang on when it came to exposing such overstated scenarios in Malayalam cinema."
In 1924, Nina Bang became the first female minister of Denmark, making Denmark the second country in the world to have a female minister.
 First female government minister: Nina Bang, 1924
Patel's international career began with a bang, notching up a third-place finish on his debut in the Formula BMW Pacific Championship in 2008.
He was the brother of Li Yiji, an advisor to Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han dynasty.
Ertle fought in his typical slam bang style, and landed so frequently on Martin in the first three rounds that it looked as if he would put an end to the bout, but Martin recovered and made it to the end with an improved defense.
 Li Ji (利几, third century BC), general under Xiang Yu and later Liu Bang.
 Steve Aoki featuring Lil Jon and Chiddy Bang – "Emergency" (2012)
It is divided into two parts by two temples, Wat Bamphen Nuea and Wat Bang Pheng Tai.
Lucky Bang (June 2015) (ASIN B00ZNGJA48)
The man was allegedly detained for five days, beaten, tied up and thrown into the Bang Pakong River by anti-government protest guards.
Scott Aukerman talks about Comedy Bang!
Bang Jeong-hwan (1899–1931), Joseon Dynasty activist who created Children's Day
In 2004 he also co-signed a letter published on New Scientist addressing the lack of funds and attention for theories alternative to Big Bang cosmology.
Past exhibitions include the installation of Sinseon Play - Moon Ji Bang as a part of the Young Architects Program at MoMA and MoMA PS1 in 2014.
The four artists shortlisted for the Korea Artist Prize 2021 are Bang Jeong-a, Kim Sang-jin, Oh Min and Choi Chan-sook.
Some combinations initiated by November Music: Yuri Honing and Mathias Eick, Anton Goudsmit and The Bad Plus, Vijay Iyer and Misha Mengelberg, Marc Ribot and ZAPP4, Martin Fondse and Matthew Herbert, ZAPP4 and Jan Bang, Rembrandt Frerichs Trio and Kayhan Kalhor.
The Big Bang Theory – CBS
Jim Parsons – The Big Bang Theory as Dr. Sheldon Cooper
In 2020, cabinet approved the extension of Orange line from Thailand Cultural Centre westward to Bang Khun Non.
During that time, free shuttle bus service was provided, connecting Tao Poon station to a nearby Bang Sue MRT station.
The one-station Blue Line extension from Bang Sue to Tao Poon was opened on 11 August 2017, adding Blue Line service to the station and enabling direct transfers between the two lines.
Located on Kanchanaphisek Road, Bang Bua Thong District, Nonthaburi Province.
He further coauthored four Arabic editions of The Story of the Universe – from primitive conceptions to the Big Bang.
 A Single Room Above Ground (Jisangui bang han kan)
The list also does not include stations of railways not operated by the SRT, such as the Paknam Railway, the Phra Phutthabat Railway, the Bang Bua Thong Railway etc.
In "Inscription II" it is described that at some point, probably around 1238–1240, Pha Mueang marched his army united with Bang Klang Hao towards Sukhothai.
After the defeat of the Khmer troops, Pha Mueang entrusted the government of Sukhothai to Bang Klang Hao.
A little later Bang Klang Hao was ordained by Pha Mueang as "Chao Mueang Sukhothai" (ruler of Sukhothai, เจ้าเมืองสุโขทัย).
 Bang Sue Junction - The largest freight yard in Thailand and hence the Phahonyothin main freight terminal.
All three members were originally in the band American Bang.
He also appeared in Along Came Polly (2004), Law & Order (1991) and The Big Bang Theory (2008).
We knew going in that we were going to get some bang for our buck, and we’ve been loving writing the character.
One such conflict was after the overthrow of the Qin Dynasty in 206 BC, when the successful leader of the revolt, Xiang Yu, banished his strongest rival Liu Bang to be ruler of the remote kingdoms of Han, Shu and Ba.
Later Liu Bang founded the Han Dynasty and in peacetime, the mountain roads were rebuilt.
2013 – Delia was the winner of the First Prize with his artwork in installation named Big Bang at 9th Edition like Venice Biennale at a similar competition of Florence.
British radio station Bang Radio aired an edited version of the song excluding the lyrics.
There were other translations, such as the comedy series "The Big Bang Theory" in 2007 and a lot of work in the comedy "Mike & Molly" in 2010.
He offered first series of "The Big Bang Theory".
Bang!, as well as making guest appearances on comedy programs such as Parks and Recreation (appearing only in the first episode and last episode, six years apart), The Inbetweeners, Key & Peele, Bob's Burgers, Nick Swardson's Pretend Time, and Mr.
Daly is also a frequent guest on Earwolf podcasts such as Comedy Bang!
The action is a real nice mix of martial arts and gunplay — you have the grace of martial arts, but then the bang of the gun," also adding, "The choreography isn't the same old, same old, or built around set pieces or a gag.
The Bolshoi simulation was started at redshift z=80, corresponding to about 20 Myr after the Big Bang.
 Bang Minah as Minah
Ryan Bang as Ryan – Julie's Korean student who wants to learn Filipino language.
It received mixed reviews for its humor and subject matter, although a few critics praised the performances of Rogen, Franco, Park and Diana Bang.
 Diana Bang as Sook-yin Park
Diana Bang was cast as Sook-yin Park, for which she was well received by critics.
Scott Foundas of Variety panned the film as "cinematic waterboarding" and "about as funny as a communist food shortage, and just as protracted", but praised the performances of Randall Park and Diana Bang.
Gary Con was mentioned in the February 26, 2015 episode of the television sitcom The Big Bang Theory, "The Intimacy Acceleration."
| 8621 Jimparsons ||  || Jim Parsons (born 1973), an American actor who portrays the fictional Caltech theoretical physicist Dr. Sheldon Lee Cooper in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8622 Mayimbialik ||  || Mayim Bialik (born 1975), an American actress and real-life neuroscientist, portrays the fictional neurobiologist Amy Farrah Fowler in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8623 Johnnygalecki ||  || Johnny Galecki (born 1975), an American actor who portrays the fictional Caltech physicist Dr. Leonard Hofstadter in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8625 Simonhelberg ||  || Simon Helberg (born 1980), an American actor and comedian who portrays the fictional Caltech aerospace engineer Howard Wolowitz in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8626 Melissarauch ||  || Melissa Rauch (born 1980), an American actress and comedian who portrays microbiologist Bernadette Rostenkowski in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8627 Kunalnayyar ||  || Kunal Nayyar (born 1981), a British-born Indian actor who portrays the fictional Caltech astrophysicist Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali in the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
| 8628 Davidsaltzberg ||  || David Saltzberg (born 1967) is a professor of physics and astronomy at the University of California, Los Angeles, and science consultant for the television sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".
He is co-creator and executive producer of the situation comedy "The Big Bang Theory".
The R1 has four embedded games (Bubble Bang, Sudoku Champ, AstroRanger and WiseStar) and also supports SWF flash games and applications.
In early-2016, the government agreed to proceed with the eastern HSR route and suggested that it could be extended to Don Mueang International Airport beyond the terminus at Bang Sue Grand Station thus providing a link with three airports.
 Diana Bang as Jiao
Manager Kevin Nicholson, who described Bell as being on an 'unsustainable deal', going on to add "His attitude was bang on, but the deal that Fergus was on was unsustainable for him and I wasn't in a position where I could give him anything better.".
This is related to thermonuclear weapons (and conceived peaceful thermonuclear energy), as well as to astrophysical researches, such as stellar nucleosynthesis and Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is identified by Rolling Stone assistant editor Andy Greene as marking "the beginning of the album era", a reference echoed by Scott Plagenhoef of Pitchfork; Greene adds that "it was the big bang of albums".
The Times Of India said, "In all of his films so far, Vijay has struggled with the pacing but here, he is bang on and the slightly laid-back pace of the film fits its setting beautifully.
Rexha gave further information on her forthcoming second studio album in June 2019, confirming to Bang Showbiz, "I am heading off to the studio now and I am just creating, creating and creating."
Matt Roush of TV Guide said "The deft, resonant satire that helped make Judge's Office Space a cult hit takes on farcical new dimension in Silicon Valley, which introduces a socially maladroit posse of computer misfits every bit the comic equal of The Big Bang Theorys science nerds."
Kristian Bang Foss (born 1977) is a Danish writer.
Mohar Basu of Koimoi gave 3 stars out of 5 and said that "Kick is no Ek Tha Tiger but it is an effectively enjoyable film that crackles enough to gives us bang for our buck!".
The show placed second in its timeslot behind The Big Bang Theory, and seventh for the night.
The series takes its title from a coinage by David Christian who describes Big History as an emerging academic discipline and approach to history that is less interested in wars and monarchs than it is in the way events are connected thematically and even molecularly, all the way back to the Big Bang.
Shuffle and Bang (featuring Korey Kingston of The Aggrolites, Hepcat)
Karthik Srinivasan of Milliblog reviewed it with the words "After a series of so-so soundtracks, Anirudh comes back with a bang in Naanum Rowdy Dhaan!"
In 2013 Ashkenazy conducted the Philharmonia Orchestra for a performance of The Big Bang and Creation of the Universe.
 Nimrod Borenstein: Concerto for Violin and Orchestra opus 60, The Big Bang and Creation of the Universe opus 52, If you will it, it is no dream opus 58.
 Brian Thomas Smith, actor known for The Big Bang Theory
Of Mogens Lauritssøn, Anton Christian Bang, the Norwegian historian, gave him only a short paragraph in his 1912 book, Den Norske kirkes historie (The History of the Norwegian Church), and remarked:
Bang, Den Norske kirkes historie (The History of the Norwegian Church), Kristiania [now Oslo] and Copenhagen:  Gyldendalske Boghandel Nordisk Forlag (Gyldendal Bookshop & Nordic Publishers), 1912, page 307.
The premium audio system manufacturer shifted from Sony to Bang & Olufsen, with SiriusXM satellite radio becoming standard for the XLT trim.
Hybe Co., Ltd. (, stylized as HYBE Corporation) is a South Korean entertainment company established in 2005 by Bang Si-hyuk as Big Hit Entertainment Co., Ltd.
That year, Bang Si-hyuk signed RM as the first member of BTS and launched nationwide auditions to recruit other members for the group.
Also that month, former CBO Lenzo Yoon was appointed co-CEO with Bang Si-hyuk.
In 2007, Big Hit had four employees and was near bankruptcy, but Bang was able to keep the company afloat after the local success of 8Eight's Without a Heart in 2009.
Initial estimates valued Big Hit at up to ₩700 billion ($624 million) if entered into an IPO that very month, making CEO Bang the richest in the South Korean entertainment business due to his large shareholding position, and leaving him with personal ownership value of roughly ₩350 billion ($314 million).
 Big Bang – "Last Farewell" (2007)
 Big Bang – "Haru Haru" (2008)
 Bang Si-hyuk (B.A.
Ingebrigtsen's English-language version of "Harley-Davidson" was also included on the compilation The Big Bang – The Essential Collection.
Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig?
At Koimoi, Manohar Basu wrote, "For all those who had thought Rahman was losing his Midas touch, well he is back with a bang!
Ries arranged compositions by Keith Richards and Mick Jagger, which  were recorded on off-days during the Stones’ A Bigger Bang World Tour .With Jack DeJohnetteSound Travels (Golden Beam/eOne, 2012)
The rifle used a muzzle "gas-trap"  system similar to Bang rifle  (other rifles including this system were: Gewehr 41 and early production models of M1 Garand).
Tove Bang as Fru Eriksen
The Bulldogs started with a bang and ran up a 24-0 half time lead, the Storm managed to stop the flow of points in the second half, but were ultimately eliminated, losing 28-4.
The sculpture exhibition includes works by Jørgen Haugen Sørensen, Svend Wiig Hansen and Thomas Bang.
She is known for playing Jane Bennet in the 2012 web series The Lizzie Bennet Diaries which is an adaptation of Pride and Prejudice, intern Jessica Warren in seasons 9 to 12 of Bones, and Emily Sweeney in seasons 7 to 10 of the CBS comedy series The Big Bang Theory.
She had a main role as Emily Sweeney, Raj Koothrappali's girlfriend on The Big Bang Theory, which began in that show's seventh season, in the March 6, 2014, episode "The Friendship Turbulence".
ZIA released six albums: Zia v1.2 (1992), Zia v1.5 (1994), Big Bang!
M. Suganth of The Times of India gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and wrote, "Kaththi will definitely be picked up by a big Bollywood star for a remake, for the knife was bang on target".
It was established by Peter Frithjof Bang, Torben Wind and Jesper Balser, who after having sold the IT company Navision bought the 200+ hectare area in 2002.
Due to the habitat was destroyed from the Bang Lang Dam, the new dam was built.
In the year of 1999, Queen Sirikit proceeded to the Bang Lang Dam and released the fish back to nature.
Way Back Home () is a 2013 South Korean drama film starring Jeon Do-yeon and Go Soo, and directed by Bang Eun-jin.
The star formed only about 100 million years after the Big Bang and has been shining for 13.6 billion years.
Apart from hydrogen, which appeared in the Big Bang, the star also contains carbon, magnesium, and calcium, which could have been formed in a low-energy supernova.
 'Then their cargo went bang into their faces'
Hovind told Henke that in order to win the money he would have to recreate the Big Bang in a laboratory.
The eighth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory first aired on CBS with a one-hour premiere on Monday, September 22, 2014.
Den of Geek gave a good review to the episode saying that the episode didn't disappoint and that the show knows how to begin with a bang.
Songwriter Brian Jones of Bang composed the music.
Since then he has been having his sabbatical travelling around Europe holding lectures about the formation of the elements after the Big Bang, modern astronomical observatories or the structure of the universe.
Yo-han was the part-time clerk at the PC bang where Jung-woo practically lived when he was broke, and when he hits it big, he takes the kid along and hires him as his personal secretary.
The book inspired an episode of CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
In the sanctuary, the 12 stained-glass windows depict the Big Bang, evolution of life on earth, and science.
Compared to classical physics, "Physics in 5 Dimensions" is a physically objective and significantly more unified theory of physics and the extensive results make a good case for replacing the "Big Bang Theory" with the "Theory of Physics in 5 dimensions" as the model of the development of the universe.
 www.physics-in-5-dimensions.com, An Objective View of Physics, Physics in 5 Dimensions, Bye, bye Big Bang
while another survived only because he lowered the seat so that, when violent oscillations developed, he did not bang his head on the canopy and break his neck.
Talking to a section of media recently Rani said, "In 2004 I was shooting for a Bhojpuri film titled Sasura Bada Paisawala and one day we were shooting a sequence in a temple where I have to bang my head on the floor.
Nina Bang, née Ellinger, (1866–1928), Danish politician
The show placed third in its timeslot behind The Big Bang Theory and American Idol; and twelfth for the night.
While it did bring our heroes a step closer to solving both of these problems, the ways in which it did so were not delivered with as much metaphoric bang as could be hoped."
 Jhansi Ki Rani Lakshmi Bai Award to Rani Bang, Maharashtra
Garbus also appeared on the podcast Comedy Bang!
Ji Xin (; died 204 BC), general serving under Liu Bang during the Chu–Han contention
The show placed fourth in its time-slot, behind The Big Bang Theory, American Idol, and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland; and fourteenth for the night.
 Best Actor: Håkan Serner for The Man on the Roof and Bang!
Duet, Bang Pop Festival/ SXSW
In the Legends of Tomorrow episode "Meat: The Legends", it is revealed that Big Belly Burger originally began as a diner named Big Bang Burger located in San Bernardino in 1955 where it is run by Bert Beeman.
His wife Rhonda found a liquid from a cocoon that was located in a displaced alien pod she found and used it for the secret sauce so that they can have Big Bang Burger outdo the restaurant opened by "those two brothers".
Nine selections were from Diamond's early period with Bang Records (1966–68) while 14 were from his Columbia years, which began in 1973.
The Bang recordings are now owned by Sony, Columbia's parent company.
2012: "Big Bang," New York
Johnston was formerly the vocalist and guitarist in the Rock band American Bang.
After American Bang disbanded, he and two of its other members formed a second band originally called Cadillac Black, which was renamed to The Cadillac Three.
BlazBlue series – Bang Shishigami
BIG BANG "Tell Me Goodbye"
The show placed fourth in its time-slot, behind The Big Bang Theory, Hell's Kitchen, and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland; and thirteenth for the night.
On 15 March 2014, at the Big Bang fair in Birmingham, England, the CubeStormer 3 broke the previous record, held by its predecessor, the CubeStormer II, for the fastest time to solve a Rubik's Cube.
Music director Bang Jun-seok received several nominations for his work on this film, winning Best Music at the 2006 Korean Association of Film Critics Awards and the 2007 Korean Film Awards.
Starting with the first cause and moving to the Big Bang, the book covers evolution before settling on its primary subjects of human psychology, fortune, and freewill.
Coup d'Etat + One of a Kind & Heartbreaker (stylized as COUP D’ETAT [+ ONE OF A KIND & HEARTBREAKER]) is the first Japanese studio album by South Korean artist G-Dragon, member of the K-pop group Big Bang.
NASA science is focused on better understanding Earth through the Earth Observing System, advancing heliophysics through the efforts of the Science Mission Directorate's Heliophysics Research Program, exploring bodies throughout the Solar System with advanced robotic missions such as New Horizons, and researching astrophysics topics, such as the Big Bang, through the Great Observatories and associated programs.
After a series of six superkicks on their opponents, The Young Bucks hit the More Bang for Your Buck on Koslov for the win.
Bang, the Earth is Round (1996)
She is known for her roles as Ran Shibuki in Aikatsu!, Sāya Yamabuki in BanG Dream!, and Uzuki Shimamura in The Idolmaster Cinderella Girls; as Sāya, she is a member of the band Poppin'Party as its drummer.
In 2015, she was cast as a drummer character, Sāya Yamabuki of the band Poppin'Party, in Bushiroad's multimedia franchise BanG Dream!.
Tyson further explains how modern astronomy has used such analysis via deep time to identify the Big Bang event and the age of the universe.
The collective also hosted a gallery and performance space where numerous exhibitions and concerts have taken place, supporting and inspiring many notable artists and musicians such as the Sun Ra Arkestra (1995), David Henderson, Chavisa Woods, John Farris, Bob Holman, Ishmael Reed, Billy Bang, Max Blagg, and David Hammons.
Biff Bang Buddy (1924)
Bang 3 is the second studio album by American rapper Chief Keef.
The LP is a double album itself, serving as the third installment of Chief Keef's Bang trilogy.
This is despite Jackson previously stating that he and the label were behind Keef and Bang 3.
Keef decided to rework the entirety of Bang 3s track list, except for "Superheroes", which appeared on the final album.
On July 25, 2015, Chief Keef organized a promotional concert for Bang 3, which also served as a charity concert to help out the victims of a drive-by shooting that left Keef's fellow Glo Gang member, Capo, as well as 13-month year old Dillan Harris dead.
Later that day Keef via social media, Keef told fans Bang 3 was a double disc album.
Bang 3 was met with a generally positive  reception, critics argued that it's his most polished work since Finally Rich.
As of January 2017 Bang 3 Sold around 63,000 copies which includes 22,000 copies of streams in the US.
Credits for Bang 3 adapted from liner notes in CD case
The show placed fourth out of fifth in its time slot, behind The Big Bang Theory, Hell's Kitchen, and Once Upon a Time in Wonderland; and fifteenth out of seventeen for the night.
He held his belief in the steady state long after observations proved that the Big Bang had happened.
Company research laboratories used to do this kind of work: experimental evidence for the Big Bang was discovered at AT&T's Bell Labs, resulting in a Nobel Prize.
Samnee was 15 when his first work was published, art for an eight-page Silver Age Batman-type story for Gary Carlson's book, Big Bang Comics, which was being published by Image Comics at the time.
In 2000s, he released many albums that gained much commercial success: Bong Dang Thien Than (2000), Loi Ru Tinh (2001), Trai Tim Binh Yen - Dong Song Bang (2002), Giac Mo Mau Xanh (2003), Den 1 Luc Nao Do (2004), Thap Nhi My Nhan (2007).
About this tour Bang Yong Guk, the group's leader said:
The game follows the player in their mission to accumulate enough mass to become several astronomical objects, eventually becoming a Big Crunch, which then produces a Big Bang.
The game ends when and if the player manages to accumulate enough mass to become a Big Crunch, which then produces a Big Bang.
Brigadier General Hyang-hyeok Bang (5th class)
 Bang Eun-hee as Oh Mi-yeon, Eun-chae's mother
The show placed fourth out of fifth in its time slot, behind The Big Bang Theory, Shark Tank, and Hell's Kitchen; and was tied for fourteenth out of seventeenth for the night.
He then proceeded to win the WCSIM Young Engineer of The Year 2013 at the Big Bang Fair in London.
The review from Den of Geek was positive with the reviewer saying that it was a pretty good episode with a good set-up which will allow the next one to start with a bang.
Bartholomew operated from the Saracen's Head, Dale St and his coaches included Alexander, Bang Up.
In 1997, Mitchell continued to play with free jazz icon and Coltrane drummer Rashied Ali, Billy Bang, Jason Lindner, Frank Lowe, Larry Goldings amongst others.
The tale of the Toad King (Phya Khankhaak) and the  or love poem Phadaeng Nang Ai are extremely popular literary works and are read or sung as part of the Rocket Festival (Boun Bang Fai; ) celebrations each year.
King Fa Ngum the founder of Lan Xang brought Theravada monks and the Phra Bang (palladium of Laos) with him when he established Lan Xang in 1353, according to folk traditions.
Tyson concludes by noting that neutrinos from the Big Bang still exist in the universe but, due to the nature of light, there is a "wall of infinity" beyond which we cannot observe.
Bang Ye-dam (Korean: 방예담; born May 7, 2002) is a South Korean singer and member of the boy band, Treasure  under YG Entertainment.
In June 2013, Bang was scouted by YG Entertainment and joined as a trainee.
5-year-old Bang (Korean age) participated in the opening songs for EBS' television series Bboong bboong-E (방귀대장 뿡뿡이) and the Korean-dub version of the Japanese anime Onegai!
In August 2012, Bang auditioned for SBS' K-pop Star Season 2.
In June 2013, Yang Hyun-suk confirmed Bang had joined his label, thus, both first and second-place winners were now signed under YG Entertainment.
Bang appeared on television for the first time in four years with Stray Kids (2017) alongside other fellow trainees under YG Entertainment as its representatives.
During the finals, Bang joined the final line-up by overall placing first among the vocal team.
On May 21, 2020 YG Entertainment announced ahead of Treasure's official debut, Bang would release a digital single, later revealed to be entitled "Wayo", on June 5.
Bang trained at YG Entertainment for seven years before officially debuting as a member of Treasure on August 7.
While attending Kwang-sung middle school, it was revealed that academically Bang placed first among the entire school.
Bang graduated from SOPA on February 5, 2021.
Through EBS' Story, Bang revealed his greatest influences towards music are Michael Jackson and his parents.
He has also cited G-Dragon of Big Bang as a role model.
Mark Du as Zhen Bang.
"The Hawking Excitation" is the 21st episode of the fifth season of The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on April 5, 2012.
Hawking was a fan of The Big Bang Theory and requested to watch a rehearsal of the episode after filming his scene.
Hawking was shown in a pre-recorded video segment at the Big Bang Theory panel at Comic-Con 2013.
Kang Daesung (born 1989), member of South Korean boy band Big Bang
Dolson opened up the season with a bang going 6-for-6 from the floor for 12 points and added seven rebounds against Holy Cross on 11/13.
"The Cruciferous Vegetable Amplification" is the second episode of the fourth season of The Big Bang Theory that first aired on CBS on September 30, 2010.
It was evident ice was attacking the hull, and at 6:45 AM a loud bang was heard, indicating the hull has been punctured.
The Saw bang (Thai: ซอบั้ง) is a bowed musical instrument.
Saw bang has a characteristic soft tone.
"The Jiminy Conjecture" is the second episode of the third season of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
James Chamberlin of IGN described it as "one of The Big Bang Theory's funniest episodes", rating it 8.7 out of 10.
But action-wise, it certainly goes out with a very pleasing bang."
The reader of Jin Ping Mei, warned Zhang in his dufa, "should keep a spittoon handy in order to have something to bang on... a sword ready to hand so that he can hack about him to relieve his indignation... and hang a bright mirror in front of himself so that he can see himself fully revealed."
His credits include Dinosaurs, Roseanne, Grace Under Fire, Ellen, Sports Night, Still Standing, The Big Bang Theory, Better Off Ted, Rules of Engagement, Last Man Standing, and creator of The Kids Are Alright.
It belongs to the foundation of Bang Chang Nuea Temple.
Nakprasith school was established on 20 August 1940 by Phrakru Palatphan Saeng-Sopha who was the ex-abbot of Bang Chang Nuea Temple in 1940.
Bang Chang Nuea Temple Fair ()
Voids are believed to have been formed by baryon acoustic oscillations in the Big Bang, collapses of mass followed by implosions of the compressed baryonic matter.
Jesse Schedeen of IGN rated it eight out of 10, summarizing that "When it comes to celebrity guest stars, James Earl Jones raised the bar on this week's Big Bang Theory."
However, Robin Pierson of The TV Critic rated the episode 40 out of 100, describing it as "classic bad Big Bang Theory".
It connects Bang Kapi District to Mueang Samut Prakan District.
Serm served his sentence at Bang Kwang Central Prison, where he was classified as an excellent inmate for his behaviour.
Starmus IV winners were: Neil deGrasse Tyson (science writing), Jean-Michel Jarre (music and arts) and The Big Bang Theory (films).
Creation science or scientific creationism is a branch of creationism that attempts to provide scientific support for the Genesis creation narrative in the Book of Genesis and attempts to disprove generally accepted scientific facts, theories and scientific paradigms about the geological history of Earth, formation of the Solar System, Big Bang cosmology, the chemical origins of life and evolution.
Examples include important churchmen such as the Augustinian abbot Gregor Mendel (pioneer in the study of genetics), Roger Bacon (a Franciscan friar who was one of the early advocates of the scientific method), and Belgian priest Georges Lemaître (the first to propose the Big Bang theory).
Additionally, more than 110,000 people downstream, who depend on the Xe Bang Fai and Nam Theun rivers for their livelihoods, have been directly affected by the project, due to destruction of fisheries, flooding of riverbank gardens and water quality problems.
The panel's purview extends through the entire Nam Theun River basin from the Mekong River to the border of Vietnam, the inter-basin transfers to the Xe Bang Fai and Nam Hinboun rivers, the NT2 transmission line, and all the projects and enhancements impacted by water releases from the Nam Theun reservoir.
Niels Hansen Bang, 1663–1676
CBS leadership viewed the show as a dramatic variation of another CBS show, The Big Bang Theory – at that time the nation's most popular TV comedy – which featured a cast of similar brainy-young-nerd characters.
CBS Primetime senior executive vice president Kelly Kahl, in a 2014 interview, indicated that CBS had intended the show as "kind of an extension of The Big Bang Theory  but in the drama world."
To give Scorpion  an initial boost in audience for the first few weeks, CBS scheduled it to come on immediately after episodes of The Big Bang Theory, at that time television's most popular comedy.
Even after it was detached from The Big Bang Theory, the show continued to rank as the second-most-popular new drama on CBS.
Empire surpassed The Big Bang Theory as the highest rated scripted program in the 2014–2015 television season.
According to his bio on HBO's website, he is a fan of English jangle-pop in the style of groups like Felt and Biff Bang Pow!.
It is a Premier Hasbro Distributor in the United States and the exclusive distributor of toys manufactured by Bif Bang Pow!
Andy Beevers from Music Week commented, "Kathy Sledge of Sister Sledge fame has returned with a bang up-to-date single, the classy Roger Sanchez mixed Take Me Back To Love.
Thedude35 from Bitch Stole My Remote gave a good review to the episode saying that the season ended with a bang.
He called Lyons "a compelling physical presence" and judged that "as a loopy, unique mash-up ChiffChaff is bang on the money".
TV Fanatic gave the episode 4 out of 5 stars, writing "Simpsons Season 26 starts off with a bang, with plenty of laughs and even a few sentimental moments".
It is found in several rivers such as the Mekong, Chao Phraya River, Mae Klong, Nan River, Tha Chin River, and Bang Pakong River.
"A Little Love", song by Corey Hart from Bang!
"The Toast Derivation" is the 17th episode of the fourth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 80th episode of the show overall.
Bang Kil-seung as Yak-san
Pureun bang (푸른 방 The Blue Room), Hanwul, 2000.
Bang Yoo-sul as young In-ae
As this train barrels on, there's the sense that the record never really started and will never really end, but such full-throttle indulgence may indeed be what some fans want, for there is a whole lot of bang for this buck."
Both of them had contributed to Big Bang albums before.
Fred Thomas from AllMusic said that the album employs "the same K-Pop ear candy production and radio-friendly beats that made both his solo debut and his work in Big Bang so catchy and bright."
In 2010, a pictorial shot by Patrick Demarchelier featuring The Big Bang Theory actress Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting received national media coverage in USA Today and on Entertainment Tonight.
Dead Bang (1989) ... LASD Detective Jerry Beck (Don Johnson)
Hein next faced Tae Hyun Bang on September 3, 2016 at UFC Fight Night 93.
A combination (à la the Beatles' 'A Day in the Life') of two separate songs that make up one huge piece, the song ended the album (and, unfortunately, the band's career) with a bang.
Kim Yeo-jin as Bang Ji-sook
Song has since become one of the most respected veteran actors in Korean film and television, with more recent starring roles in the films Memories of Murder (2003), The President's Last Bang (2005) and Late Blossom (2011), as well as the television drama Precious Family (2004).
 Orange Is the New Black (Netflix) – Mark A. Burley, Sara Hess, Jenji Kohan, Gary Lennon, Neri Tannenbaum, Michael Trim, and Lisa I. Vinnecour The Big Bang Theory (CBS) – Faye Oshima Belyeu, Chuck Lorre, Steve Molaro, and Bill Prady
Timo Weiland has participated in various collaborations with companies such as: Tsubo shoes, Topman/Topshop, Bing Bang jewelry with Anna Sheffield, Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, and Banana Republic.
It is  east of Huyền Trân (Alexandra Bank) and nearly  west of An Bang (Amboyna Cay).
Google announced other television hardware partners in January 2016, including Arcelik, Bang & Olufsen, Hisense, RCA, TCL Corporation, and Vestel.
Zana contributed a further 37 points during the 2014 Vodacom Cup competition and started the 2014 Currie Cup qualification tournament with a bang, as he scored 20 points (which included two tries) in their opening day defeat to the  in Welkom.
Roanoke: Sung-Yoon Bang
Peterkin, a Canadian, on 2 May when there was a bang.
The first three Leadfinger albums were released through Bang!
These songs would eventually be compiled for release as the first Leadfinger album, 'the floating life' which came out in mid 2007 through Spanish based record label Bang!
The connection with Bang!
These recordings can be heard on the Through the Cracks CD EP (2008 – Musicfarmers Records) and the Rich Kids album (2009 –  Bang!
The album titled Rich Kids (after the album track Rich Kids Can't Play Rock'n’roll) was released on vinyl and cd again through Bang!
The CD and digital version were released through Wollongong based record label Impedance Records whilst the vinyl version came out through Bang!
 The Floating Life (2007) Bang!
 Rich Kids (2009) Bang!
Apart from her studio albums, Lother does session work, has recorded for CRI Recordings, and performed vocals on a Bang on a Can release.
In 2007, Spanish Label Bang!
 Rocket to Tarrawanna CD Album 2007 Bang!
Jo Jae-yoon as Section chief Bang
The English dub was produced by Bang Zoom!
Two artists currently share the title for second-most wins, with two each: Big Bang (2007, 2015), and 2NE1 (2009, 2011).
 See You Tonight 7" Single 2000 Bang Records
 1974 - Bang, and the Angels Sing (as writer and director) 
The Bang on a Can music festival in New York
Three artists share the title for second-most wins, with two each: Big Bang, Psy and 2NE1.
Handika had played debut television soap opera on 2000 Tuyul dan Mbak Yul (only appeared in one episode) by RCTI and in 2006 Handika also starred in a musical drama soap opera, titled Kampung Dangdut playing the role of Caca, the youngest brother of Bang Haji Rhoma (played by Rhoma Irama).
The proceeds of the memorial gig were used to finish off some leftover recordings and eventually a second posthumous album of material was released in 2005 as El Peligro Ha Comenzado on vinyl through Bang!
 The Yes-Men,  Album 2005 Bang!
Records, Butcher's Hook Records (released on vinyl through Bang!
 Prosody (Re-issue), Album 2005 Bang!
Bang Wa station opened on 5 December 2013, the same day as the opening of Wutthakat station.
"The Hot Troll Deviation" is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 67th episode of the show overall.
 2013 : Room Bang (Grems feat.
Ty Dolla Sign - Bang My Line 
Brooks composed the popular work Dreadnought (for wind ensemble) as well as several works for Bang on a Can.
's Bang Yongguk, and Eun Jiwon.
 Big Bang 2048 – Similar to the game 2048, but with numbers replaced by animals.
"A 4-Piano 'Rite' With Bang."
Amy mentions The Doctor's terrible dancing from The Big Bang.
His later television work includes small roles in Everwood (2003–2004), Two and a Half Men (2008), House (2009), and The Big Bang Theory (2014).
A reference to the Doctor having worn a Fez in The Big Bang.
The dam impounds the Pattani River, creating the Bang Lang Reservoir.
Bang Lang Dam is an earth core rockfill dam.
In the eighth episode of the first season of The Big Bang Theory, Drunk Sheldon Cooper performs the song at the Cheesecake Factory.
Holt started his career in Durham off with a bang, earning the Wildcats a 22-win season as well as their first conference postseason appearance.
"The Russian Rocket Reaction" is the fifth episode of the fifth season of The Big Bang Theory and the 92nd episode overall.
Wheaton has since appeared in several The Big Bang Theory episodes.
She also voiced characters for Pioneer and Bang Zoom!
September 10 The Rolling Stones A Bigger Bang concert, with Los Lonely Boys
October 11 The Rolling Stones A Bigger Bang concert, with Elvis Costello & The Imposters.
Bang Eun-hee as Nae-il's mother
The Frogs, Stereobate, and The Rapture were featured on May 19 and in one of the last Monday Nites Billy Bang and William Parker played.
Monday Nite Curators included Rashied Ali, Steve Shelley, Elliott Sharp, Zeena Parkins, Marc Ribot, Lee Ranaldo, David Fiuczynski, Rick Brown, Homestead Records, Marc Ashwill, Thurston Moore, William Parker, Billy Bang and many Others.
 Wij zijn niet bang, tenminste, niet erg.
Affiliated with Funimation and Bang Zoom!
Big Bang Theory is an American sitcom created in 2007 and revolves around the lives of scientists at the California Institute of Technology.
"The Rhinitis Revelation" is the sixth episode of the fifth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 93rd episode of the show overall.
On CBS, The Big Bang Theory was followed by a season premiere of Rules of Engagement, an hour-long episode of Person of Interest and The Mentalist.
All episodes were watched by over 10 million; The Big Bang Theory received the most viewers (14.93 million) while The Mentalist received the second most (12.54 million).
Ligue os pontos: Poemas de amor e Big Bang (2013) (Companhia das Letras) () 
The song became a recurring joke on the podcast Comedy Bang!
The Illustris project includes large-scale cosmological simulations of the evolution of the universe, spanning initial conditions of the Big Bang, to the present day, 13.8 billion years later.
O'Doherty has appeared several times on the podcast Comedy Bang!
She also acted on one episode of the Comedy Bang!
 Serenata, a Bang & Olufsen and Samsung mobile telephone.
Later, they meet Bang Jack (portrayed by Deddy Mizwar).
Bang Ye-rin (born 1996), South Korean actress (Seol In-ah)
Bang Jun-seok (born 1970), South Korean film score composer
An accomplished musician, Howie's talent exceeded many of those more famous than he: "He would bang those piano keys that would make Jerry Lee Lewis look sad," recounted Pete Hazelwood.
Having worked as a full-time employee for Sung Shin, Choi trained throughout his sporting career as a member of its wrestling team under head coach Bang Dae-du.
Henry Wiggen has been portrayed on television by Paul Newman (in the 1956 United States Steel Hour adaptation of  Bang the Drum Slowly), and on film by Michael Moriarty (in the 1973 film adaptation of the same novel).
Thus the Big Bang can be thought of as a spherical membrane expanding at the speed of light.
The band Pastel＊Palettes from the anime franchise BanG Dream!
In 1987, three more church buildings were dedicated in Bang Na, Thonburi, and Chiang Mai.
The song was covered by Argonavis, a fictional rock band from multimedia franchise Argonavis from BanG Dream!
It was playable in the game Argonavis from BanG Dream!
The company would create numerous media franchises including Tantei Opera Milky Holmes and BanG Dream!.
Suddenly, the engine sputters then makes a loud bang!
Nuts Bang is Flow's first major extended play.
It is operated by the State Railway of Thailand and serves two routes: the Southern Main Line and the Bang Sue–Taling Chan SRT Light Red Line.
A congested Ratchaburi-Thon Buri train (No.165, now 352) approached the intersection around Taling Chan Junction and was collided by a freight train from Bang Sue Junction to Padang Besar, due to having gone through a red signal.
"Walking on Water", Kling and Bang Gallery, SPUD (Performance) Exhibition, 3 March 2012.
In 2013, he illustrated The Big Bang Theory for Warner Bros. Television; and the Striding Man for Johnnie Walker, and in 2014, Valderrama for Major League Soccer Insider.
"The Good Guy Fluctuation" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 94th episode of the show overall.
Stoeber continued to work with director Hancock as a composer and actor in several of his films, including Bang the Drum Slowly (1973), starring Robert DeNiro, and Weeds (1987), starring Nick Nolte.
 Bang the Drum Slowly (1973)
One day, during religion class, Zoe ruins her reputation when she questions the story of creation and discusses the merits of the big bang theory.
The music video was directed by Gil Green and features Khaled's newly endorsed Bang & Olufsen headphones.
The music video was taken down from YouTube in 2017 after Khaled was involved in a lawsuit with Bang & Olufsen (makers of the headphones advertised throughout the video).
"The Isolation Permutation" is the eighth episode of the fifth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 95th episode of the show overall.
Quraish Shihab, called Bang Odes by his younger siblings, is an Arab Indonesian of Ba 'Alawi sada family, where his family lineage traces back to Muhammad, the prophet of Islam.
On July 20, Mino featured and co-wrote on labelmate senior Big Bang Seungri's sub-title track "Where R U From" from his studio album The Great Seungri.
The bang of the exploding radio will be less weird than the noises featured on the record."
Jon Pareles, reviewing positively for The New York Times, emphasizes "Sucker is far more direct; it's smart, loud, cheeky, gimmick-loving pop, intent on making every song go bang...
Mrs. Young - Bang Woo-ri (South Korea)
He returned to action with a bang in the spring, playing in their reserve squad, winning the Campionato Nazionale Primavera and scoring nine goals in ten matches.
The Bang Zoom!-produced dub has been released on Blu-ray + DVD Combo Pack with a limited edition on December 5, 2017, and was broadcast on Toonami on Adult Swim starting October 27, 2018.
Joanne Dorken from MTV gave it 4 out 5 stars saying that Jessie was "back with a bang!"
The scenes alternate quickly until there is an explosion near the chess players (portrayed by Big Bang members Seungri and Daesung), causing them to jump off the bench.
With the release of "BBO: Ymir - Children's Choir" in May 2021, the "Big Bang Orchestra" series was concluded, a year and a half after the start of production.
 2021: Nomination NAMM TEC Award for Big Bang Orchestra-Serie, Category: Musical Instrument Software
He has furthermore written in-depth biographies of danish theater critics Herman Bang, Frederik Schyberg and Jens Kistrup and was chief editor and program author when the complete orchestral works by danish composer Hans Christian Lumbye were recorded during the period 1998-2004.
), Nobel Prize–winning neuroscientist Stanley Prusiner, and head writer for The Big Bang Theory, Eric Kaplan.
The witness said, "The next thing, I heard a loud bang and saw Mr. Robinson's lower leg spin from the knee and rotate outward as he started to fall forward.
Dong Bang () is a tambon (subdistrict) of Bueng Khong Long District, in Bueng Kan Province, Thailand.
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by the subdistrict administrative organization (SAO) Dong Bang (องค์การบริหารส่วนตำบลดงบัง).
It examines cosmic evolution which includes the history of natural evolution from the Big Bang to the present from the perspective of the emerging multi-scientific discipline of Big History.
"Suspect X") || Bang Eun-jin || South Korea ||
systems are revealed to be those of the Alter Ego Junko Enoshima, who commands a giant Monokuma named Big Bang Monokuma in a final battle against Toko and Komaru.
Nego collaborated with singer Anitta on her third studio album Bang.
 Claes Bang as Sasha Mann, an A-list movie star and Helen's love interest (season 5)
As stated at the later inquest, Hanson heard a bang from the starboard engine, after which the helicopter nosedived into the Atlantic Ocean from a height of around .
Ban Ko, Bang Sai, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province
The Japan Dome Tour was the fourth concert tour in Japan and seventh overall by South Korean band Big Bang.
The tour visited six of Japan's major concert domes, making Big Bang the first foreign artists to headline their own six-dome tour.
As the scale of the stadium is immense, Big Bang used a flying stage that enables the entire stage to move, while also using a moving car that allows all five members to go closer to the fans.
Theory and computer simulations predicted the formation of massive stars, from gas clouds containing only hydrogen and helium, within a few hundred million years after the Big Bang .
George is the UK lead for amplifiers in the Square Kilometre Array (SKA), the Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) telescope and has worked with NASA and the European Space Agency on the development of instrumentation for researchers exploring the Big Bang.
Music is contemporary rock with plenty of guitars, drums and percussions mixed in but it's the way Ankit evokes passion and feeling by muting everything during the beginning of each stanza that works so well particularly when it all progresses so effectively towards the chorus with a bang!
Gameplay for Fes A Live is similar to that to the original series that preceded it, but presented it in a landscape format similar to The Idolmaster and BanG Dream!.
They went on to lose the championship to The Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli) at The Big Bang!
(European trademarks like Philips or Bang & Olufsen had only decoders for SQ or both SQ and CD-4 - but not QS.)
114" (April 2010, directed by Bang Buro)
Major contributors were Hermann Bang (society), P. Hansen (literature), (R. Besthorn) foreign news and Frantz von Jessen (politics).
 The Divine Comedy – Casanova, A Short Album About Love, Fin de Siècle, Victory for the Comic Muse, Bang Goes the Knighthood
 Big Bang – Japan Dome Tour X (2014–15)
However, as much as the band is the center of this album, we didn't just turn on some mics and bang out the tunes.
For her work on television she has received fifteen Primetime Emmy Award nominations for her performances in Cybill, Frasier, The Big Bang Theory, and The Good Wife.
Gonger would bang the large gong at Monster Tea Time, with the large gong occasionally knocking Gonger down or causing him to have a vibration reaction.
In Daily News and Analysis the book is described as a "must-read for all news junkies" but criticised that the title of the book itself is never justified and was only a "a big bang title to grab eyeballs".
Throughout his sporting career, Bang trained for Namyangju City Hall's elite judo squad under his longtime coach and mentor Cho In-chul.
When South Korea hosted the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, Bang culminated his ten-year career medal drought from the international scene to score an ippon victory over 2012 Olympian Navruz Jurakobilov of Uzbekistan for a bronze in the men's 73 kg class.
Horror Talk's Steve Pattee gave Hunting Humans an overall grade of 3½ out of 5, and wrote, "Kangas has entered moviemaking not with a bang, but an explosion.
One was Pet Sounds, the other was Smile and then, he wanted to go out with a bang and have a look back at life from an adult.
", Beast's "Beautiful Night", Girls Generation's "Flower Power", and Kara's "Pandora"); and credited the two groups, Girls' Generation and Big Bang, as major acts that had cultivated large international followings.
The number one touring act in the study was the all-male group Big Bang.
Sarathi socio-cultural trust likes to open its Durga puja party, featuring a classic Kumartuli idol, with a bang.
After killing Chelbi, Marco had heard the back door bang, and came back out.
"Let It Bang (30 Days)"
In 2013, Pepper released debut single "Believe In Me" which was playlisted on Bang Radio and Reprezent radio stations and supported by DJ EZ on Kiss Radio.
Rabbids Big Bang received mixed or average reviews.
Mobot said " Fragger is an oddly enjoyable “physics-based” exploder, with plenty of bang for your 0p."
James Hartle, together with Stephen Hawking, proposed the Hartle-Hawking wavefunction of the universe, a specific solution to the Wheeler-deWitt equation meant to explain the initial conditions of the Big Bang cosmology
She argues that Tillman is "cut from the same cloth as Hugh Dancy’s Adam in the eponymous film, Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory and the protagonists of The Good Doctor and Atypical.
She expanded the range of science subjects on TV, and commissioned more popular programmes including Stargazing Live, which for its second series won its slot against drama on BBC1, Wonders of the Universe, Trust Me I'm a Doctor, Supermarket Secrets and Bang Goes the Theory.
Natural Philosophy Alliance An organization which believes there are fundamental flaws in theories such as relativity, the big bang, and plate tectonics.
The EP was largely well-received, with David Jeffries of AllMusic giving it a score of 3.5/5, and writing that it is "the EP where Jeff Montalvo's Seven Lions project spreads its wings, going beyond the usual bang and boom of EDM and letting the songs wander into whatever genres they care to explore."
The Big Bang Theory included a LEGO version of the opening sequence in the episode "The Locomotion Reverberation" that first aired on CBS.
He has recorded over twenty-five albums as a leader and has worked with Dave Liebman, John Handy, Billy Bang, Dr. L. Subramaniam, and Mal Waldron in a career spanning over four decades.
He then spent nearly five years with violinist Billy Bang in the Jazz Doctors.
Later, Rader recorded "One for Jazz" with Bang and Lowe in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, NY.
A collaboration with the Medical Research Council, Cambridge University, King's College London, the Alzheimer's Society and the BBC One  Television programme, Bang Goes The Theory - this longitudinal experiment, launched in September 2009,  sought to discover whether brain training games made any improvement to IQ for a healthy, general population.
The results were publicised on BBC One's Bang Goes the Theory Television programme.
Bang en boomerang/Tack för ni kom (Dein Herz wird mich versteh'n) - 1991
 Bout to Bang It Remixes, Inzec, (Inzec 014), 2003 (as DJ T-1000)
  — slam, bang [door closing]
"The Locomotion Interruption" is the first episode of the eighth season of The Big Bang Theory, which first aired on CBS on September 22, 2014.
This episode was the first following The Big Bang Theory change in timeslot to Monday night.
Schedeen said the episode "wasn't a great start", describing it as "pretty textbook Big Bang Theory" and criticizing Sheldon's plot, though Schedeen considered Raj and Howard's storyline to be "pretty entertaining".
Microsoft promoted MSN 2.0 with a series of advertisements and promotional materials describing the service with the phrase, "Every new universe begins with a big bang."
He has since directed three films, Sublime, Otis, and The Big Bang, and is currently the principal and owner of the independent production company Flame Ventures.
The independent thriller The Big Bang was Krantz's most involved directing project to date.
In a 2011 interview, Krantz stated that directing The Big Bang was "the most fun [he's] ever had professionally."
30 January – A joint study of data from the Planck space mission and the ground-based experiment BICEP2 casts doubt on earlier findings of gravitational waves from the Big Bang.
5 February – The first generation of stars is now thought to have emerged 560 million years after the Big Bang, according to scientists working on the European Planck satellite.
Physicists present an alternative cosmological view to extend the Big Bang model, suggesting the Universe had no beginning or singularity and the age of the Universe is infinite.
These very old population III stars are postulated to have been formed after the Big Bang, when the Universe was about 800 million years old, and may have been detected in galaxy Cosmos Redshift 7 (CR7), about 12.9 billion light-years from Earth.
 Bang and Blow (2012)
Episode 2: Crash, Bang, Boom!
Smith started the 2014 season with a bang, winning the SEC Defensive Lineman of the Week Award in each of the first three weeks.
Carol Ann Susi, 62, American actress (The Big Bang Theory, Cats & Dogs, Just Go with It), cancer.
Krasch bang bom och pang
Banyan Tree started when founder Ho Kwon Ping and his wife Claire Chiang came across a plot of land while they were on holiday in Bang Tao Bay, on the western coast of Phuket in the Andaman Sea, and thought it would make an ideal location for a resort.
Among the programs that are exclusive to CraveTV are programs broadcast by other Bell properties (such as The Big Bang Theory, Doctor Who, and Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.)
Originally, the track "Imagine" was slated to be on Busta Rhymes' The Big Bang album.
Although Busta Rhymes later released a remix to the song, it is presumable that his "remix" is actually the intended original version that did not make the release of The Big Bang.
Chris Reilly is also billed as lead cast in BANG!
She also stars as keyboardist Arisa Ichigaya in the band-based anime series BanG Dream!
Chonkanyanukoon School (, , ) is a state school in Tambon Bang Pla Soi, Amphoe Mueang Chonburi in Chon Buri.
The school was founded at Bang Pla Soi, Mueang Chonburi, Chon Buri, Thailand in BE 2458 to 2460 (1915 - 1917 CE) by Praya Prasaisuradach who was the Governor of Chonburi Province.
She is also the voice of the idol Julia in the game The Idolmaster Million Live!, and the voice of Kasumi Toyama in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!
He served under Liu Bang, the founding emperor of the Han dynasty, and joined him in rebelling against the Qin dynasty.
After Liu Bang became emperor and established the Han dynasty, Guan Ying served as General of Chariots and Cavalry ().
He assisted Liu Bang in putting down Chen Xi's rebellion and killed Hou Chang (), one of Chen Xi's commanders, near Quni (; around  west of present-day Baoding, Hebei) in 196BC.
However, he led his troops elsewhere instead and combined forces with Zhou Bo, Chen Ping and others who were loyal to the Liu family to oust the Lü clan from power and install Liu Heng (Emperor Wen), a son of Liu Bang, on the throne.
Around 206 BC, he joined Liu Bang in rebelling against the Qin dynasty.
After Liu Bang became emperor and established the Han dynasty, he enfeoffed Zhou Bo as the Marquis of Jiang () to honour him for his contributions in battle.
They then went on to build a local following with shows supporting Beardyman, N-Dubz, Chiddy Bang, Mongrel and Example and Festival appearances at RockNess and Live at Loch Lomond.
Jim McMahon of IGN gave the episode a 7.2 out of 10, saying that the show's midseason finale "goes out with some potentially big plot developments and a small bang."
", which describes the blocking actions by Xiang Bo during the sword dance to prevent Xiang Zhuang from thrusting his sword towards Liu Bang.
Liu Bang was also said to be fond of the war dance of the Ba people, called the Bayu (巴渝) dance and known in later eras in various names such as Zhaowu (昭武) in the Eastern Wu period and Xuanwu (宣武) during the Jin dynasty.
"Hitman" Bang – producer, songwriter, executive producer
Thomas Bang (born 6 September 1938) is a Danish sculptor who in the 1970s contributed to Conceptual art and Pop art in the United States.
Born in Copenhagen, as a young man Bang became interested in Surrealism as practised by Giorgio de Chirico, Max Ernst and Yves Tanguy.
Bang had a professorship at the University of Rochester in New York State from 1970 to 1991.
In 1990, Bang was awarded the Eckersberg Medal and, in 2000, the Thorvaldsen Medal.
The Bang Mot tangerine has a flat, smooth, thin skin with juicy, orange flesh inside.
Bang Mot tangerines are sweet and slightly sour-tasting.
The Bang Mot tangerine has a stronger taste than other tangerines.
Liquor in plastic glass, flat owner's son asking for rent, no money for screenwriters, another Kapoor struggling for break – it gets some of the small details so bang on."
"Good Boy" is a song recorded by South Korean duo GD X Taeyang, members of the boy band Big Bang.
As of April 2016, "Good Boy" surpassed 100 million views on YouTube, making Big Bang the first Korean boy group to have three music videos pass this mark.
This album marks the return of Henriksen to the label Rune Grammofon and furthers his collaboration with Jan Bang and Erik Honoré.
Penny in The Big Bang Theory (in seasons 1–3)
"The Shiny Trinket Maneuver" is the 12th episode of the fifth season of the US sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 99th episode of the show overall.
Gendelman served as commander of 460th Brigade and in 1996 was promoted to brigadier general, and was the bang division commander, and the commander of the company and battalion commanders course.
Village Bang is the headquarters of the union council yarkhoon.
According to the club's historian, "he seemed to have no fear, a crash, bang wallop defender who'd win the ball and set attacks away", and he was reported to have played for six weeks with cotton wool in his boots to ease the pain from a broken ankle.
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's highest rated drama and third-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, only behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory (4.1) and ABC's Modern Family (3.7).
He previously served under Xiang Yu, a warlord who engaged Liu Bang (Emperor Gao), the founder of the Han dynasty, in a four-year-long power struggle historically known as the Chu–Han Contention (206–202 BC).
Rating the album four and a half stars for Louder Than the Music, Jono Davies says, "Jeremy has started the year with a massive pop bang."
Nicknamed Robocop, Teng is a bruiser who did all the dirty work and defended the paint, aside from being a gifted scorer, he also loves to play physical and bang bodies underneath.
in 1987, he was part of the soundtrack for the film Blind Date with the song "Crash, Bang, Boom".
Boy band Big Bang, trio SG Wannabe, and solo artist Yangpa lead the nominees with five nominations each.
By the end of the ceremony, Big Bang received two awards including Song of the Year daesang award.
Bang Eun-jung as Choir member
After his 2012 debut album, Finally Rich was met to "generally favorable" reviews, anticipation was built around the release of Bang, Pt.
Between Finally Rich and Bang, Pt.
Additionally, during the period between Finally Rich and Bang, Pt.
In a negative review of the Bang, Pt.
Additionally, Aceto was also critical of Keef's effort, writing, "Across the board, Bang Pt.
Aceto showed disappointment in Young Chop's absence in the tape's production background, and added, "the majority of songs on Bang Pt.
"Blue" () is a song recorded by South Korean boy group Big Bang for their fifth Korean-language extended play (EP), Alive (2012).
Stylistically, the track conveys the emotions of feeling blue—akin to its title—after letting go of a romantic relationship, and showcases a more emotional and vulnerable side of Big Bang while at the same time providing a comforting undertone.
The song was written and produced by Big Bang member G-Dragon and Teddy Park, with additional lyrics penned by member T.O.P.
Kaitlin Miller of the Chicago Sun-Times included "Blue" in their 2016 list of best Big Bang songs from the past ten years; she wrote that Alive contained "a more mature sound that included more interesting electronic samples and production techniques", which were present in the "smooth [and] emotional track".
Big Bang received the Song of the Month award at the Cyworld Digital Music Awards for "Blue" due to its success on digital platforms in South Korea.
To promote the single, Big Bang performed the song on the South Korean music programs SBS's Inkigayo and Mnet's M Countdown throughout the month of March.
Woo Hyun as Mr. Bang 
En roman om Herman Bang (lit.
Adams' work can be found in galleries in the UK, US and Canada, he has done exhibitions with the likes of Rolls-Royce and Bang & Olufsen, and has been featured in magazines such as Vogue and GQ.
 Music Portal Mnet Award: Big Bang
Then there is a quick bang to his door, followed by a werewolf breaking down the door and attacking him.
Bang Your Ex-Girlfriend
"The Werewolf Transformation" is the 18th episode of the fifth season of the U.S. sitcom The Big Bang Theory and the 105th episode of the show overall.
Authorities also started to release excessive water from Bang Lang Dam which would later affect riverside communities on the banks of Pattani River in Bannang Sata and Krong Pinang District.
 works of Friedrich Schiller, Knut Hamsun, Herman Bang, Gerhart Hauptmann, Colette and many others
In 1994 the BANANA formulation was refined by replacing agarose with gelatine and given the acronym BANG (bis, acrylamide, nitrogen and aqueous gelatine), the first of a series of new polymer gel formulations.
 March 31 - Bang Yongguk, rapper, songwriter and record producer 
Captain Billy's Whiz Bang is immortalized in the lyrics to the song "Trouble" from Meredith Willson's The Music Man (1957): "Is there a nicotine stain on his index finger?
Whiz Bang had an influence on many other digest-sized cartoon humor publications, including Charley Jones Laugh Book, which was still being published during the 1950s.
In some issues of Whiz Bang, Captain Billy wrote about his vacations in Los Angeles, Miami, New York and Paris, along with items about his celebrity friends, including Jack Dempsey, Sinclair Lewis, and Ring Lardner.
Online Deliberation: A Review of The Literature, Bang The Table, 7 Aug. 2017.
Bang started her career in the Vancouver sketch comedy group in Assaulted Fish before becoming an actress.
In 2014, Bang played Sook-yin Park, a North Korean chief propagandist, in The Interview.
Bang starred as Dr. Allison Mann in the FX on Hulu series Y: The Last Man, which premiered in 2021.
Their third album Westway (The Glitter & the Slums) was mostly recorded over the course of a month in Karma Sound Studios, Bang Saray, Thailand in early 2016 and was released on 30 September 2016.
One cone points outward from the moment matter was created after a Big Bang — the earliest conceivable birth of an observer — and the other aims backward from the farthest reach of our future horizon, the moment when the causal diamond becomes an empty, timeless void and the observer can no longer access information linking cause to effect.
Taisumov made his UFC debut against Tae Hyun Bang on January 4, 2014, at UFC Fight Night 34, winning a dominant unanimous decision.
The movie is about Dinh Phong (Son Tung M-TP) and his group of friend: Ngo Kien Ha (Ngo Kien Huy), Pham Quynh Bang (Pham Quynh Anh) whose motto is "Cha so gi, chi so gia" (Afraid nothing, only afraid of getting older), a Korean girl Sky (Hari Won) and Manager Lam (Hua Vi Van) who worships money.
Joy Bang (born June 15, 1945 as Joy Wener) is a former American actress best known for her film appearances in the early 1970s.
Bang was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and was adopted at one month old.
She married Paul Bang in the late 1960s.
Bang also appears in a 1971 episode of the Christian TV series Insight entitled "The Party" and on the American television series Room 222 in the 16th episode of the third season, entitled "Where Is It Written?".
The doggerel "Up gets a guinea, bang goes a penny-halfpenny, and down comes a half a crown" reflects the expensive pastime of 19th century driven shoots in Britain, when pheasants were often shot for pleasure rather than as food.
Former faculty include Tracy K. Smith, Mary Jo Bang, Dara Wier.
Doyle also criticized the network for scheduling the show to air directly opposite The Big Bang Theory, stating that the show "deserves a much bigger potential audience than that offered in this suicide-slot."
In 2019 he played Henry VI in the Headlong adaptation of Shakespeare's play Richard III, directed by John Haidar, followed by the role of Thomas Armstrong in Go Bang Your Tambourine at the Finborough Theatre, for which he won Best Male Performance in a Supporting Role in a Play at the
In two interactive expositions is biological diversity on earth exposed, as well as the evolution behind it, starting with the Big Bang Theory and the creation of the Observable Universe.
The US-based Indie Series Network (originators of the Indie Soap Awards) named Night School the best web series in the world in its weekly poll of independently-produced web series three times, for Power, All the Pretty Killers, and Bang, and nominated a fourth time for The Gilmore Girl.
September 10 – Big Bang announces their three concert dome tour in Japan, making them the first Korean artist to perform at three dome stadiums in a single tour.
Joe Russo), The Mentalist (as Tai Nguyen), Ben and Kate (as Shawn), Sullivan & Son (as Dr. Park), The Big Bang Theory (as a scientist), The Millers (as Kevin), Conan (as various characters), Drunk History (as a guest) and Dog Park (as Neal).
Emily Sweeney (The Big Bang Theory)
On November 22, 2014, when Keef announced the release of an album, titled Nobody (also noted as Nobody: The Album), slated for a December 2, 2014 release, it became apparent that the "Nobody" track had developed into its own project, rather than as a portion of Bang 3.
It was announced on November 22, 2014 that the song was set to be released on December 2 and would be included on Keef's album of the same title, which shut down any speculation that "Nobody" was set to be a track on Bang 3.
Fredo Bang - Murder Made Me
Gershwin was one of the co-describers of the unusual jellyfish Bazinga rieki, which is the sole member of the new family Bazingidae and partly named for the colloquialism uttered by Dr. Sheldon Cooper in the TV program The Big Bang Theory.
Groups: The CCS, Citybois, Finn & Rie, Ivarsson, Bang & Neumann, Second Venue
 Group Performances: "Break Free" (Ariana Grande featuring Zedd; Performed of Ivarsson, Bang & Neumann, Emilie Esther, and Jógvan); "Born This Way" (Lady Gaga; (auditionees); "Vi er helte" (Performed of Peter Bjørnskov and X Factor 2015-finalists)
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's second-highest rated drama and fourth-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, only behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory (4.6), Fox's Empire (4.6) and ABC's Modern Family (3.4).
Ramanath Cowsik is known for his theories related to the Big Bang origin of the universe.
He argued that, post the Big Bang, gravitationally dominant relicts were formed from the particles with finite rest mass, resulting in the formation of halos of dark matter with galaxies embedded within.
Klaus Meine said: "We are still standing strong and we are going out with bang, yeah!".
Season two of Mom initially aired Thursdays in the United States at 8:30 p.m. after The Big Bang Theory, but it has aired in other time slots on the same night at various points of the season.
He has worked as a conductor with many ensembles in New York, including the Red Light Ensemble, Bang on a Can, Wet Ink Ensemble, Ne(x)tworks and the International Contemporary Ensemble.
The show's producer Bang Hyun-young said in order to give the cast a summer break, they would film the 6th trip locally in South Korea, as there were many great places to visit domestically.
Show producer Bang Hyun-young announced the eleventh trip will see the cast visiting Jeju Island for the winter break, the second domestic trip in the show.
Euphonium, Kanon Matsubara in BanG Dream!, Vivi Lin in idol Memories, Fumi Kujo in Jinsei, and Fuyumi Fukagawa in Pan de Peace!.
"I heard a loud bang and a lot of screaming," he recalled.
Ending the year with a bang, The Ricecookers appeared on a famous Japanese year end countdown TV show titled Count Down TV, broadcast live throughout Japan, ringing-in 2013 on live TV.
In 2016, he was hired by Bang & Olufsen to create a score to accompany a multi-course meal prepared by chef Fredrik Berselius.
In 1924 he was in Whiz Bang Babies and in 1926 he played the lead in Miss Tabasco.
 Route 212: Mukdahan - Bang Sai Yai
According to Basse, his office and printing press even supplied flyers to Poison, Warrant, Tuff, Jade, Bang Tango, Pretty Boy Floyd during that time.
Liu Bang, a general from Chu, was ordered by King Huai of Chu to lead his army westward.
However, he was saved by Wang Ling (王陵), an old friend of Liu Bang and the commander-in-chief, who later succeeded Cao Can on the post of prime minister of the Han Empire.
According to the Book of Han, Wang Ling saw the stripped Zhang Cang on the spot of execution and wondered at his impressively tall and beautiful body and persuaded Liu Bang to spare Zhang.
Liu Bang went to Han his kingdom.
Liu Bang ordered his generals to attack West Wei, Zhao and Dai.
Liu Bang nominated Zhang Er as the King of Zhao, and Zhang Cang as the Prime Minister to Zhang Er.
In 195 BCE, Ying Bu the King of Huainan Kingdom rose up against Han Empire and soon was defeated and killed, Liu Bang nominated his youngest son Liu Chang as the King of Huainan Kingdom.
Josh Burkey, indicating in a four star out of five review for Indie Vision Music, responds, "Json's album 'City Lights' has a genuine message broadcasting throughout with a bang from start to finish."
 Closing the Big Bang (2017) in Fiction River no21
192 performers included Margaret Cho, Fred Armisen, Kristen Schaal, Andy Dick, Simon Helberg ("The Big Bang Theory"), Oscar Nunez ("The Office"), Aparna Nancherla and Doug Benson.
The residence was built in 1910 by brother Chen Ling and Chen Bang with the cost around NT$8,000 to 9,000.
 Bang Gang - 'Stop in the Name of Love', directed by Ragnar Bragason
This molecular ion could exist with big bang nucleosynthesis elements.
In Xvideos, Spank Bang and XHamster, which does not verify users, the producer has yet to ask to remove videos for copyright.
Wonder Days was the first Thunder studio album to be released since Bang!
Her novel Chinatown(written in 2005 at London) was released in 'Harvest' in 2011, which gathered American Chinese writer Ha Jin, British Chinese writer Yilin Zhong, and Taiwanese writer Qi Bang Yuan's works as a 'Special Issue of Oversea-Chinese Writers', sold out in three months.
Her imaginative story Big Bang and Turtles has been published in English online with support from UNESCO.
Her fantastic tale Большой взрыв и черепахи (2006), translated by Boris Meshcheryakov as Big Bang and Turtles'', has now been published online by UNESCO.
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's second-highest rated drama and third-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, only behind Fox's Empire and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
It has a redshift of 6.30, which corresponds to a distance of 12.8 billion light-years from Earth and was formed 900 million years after the Big Bang.
The Big Bang is a 1990 documentary film, directed by Academy Award-nominated screenwriter James Toback.
The Astronomer discusses the creation of the universe with a singularity, the Big Bang, and the development of the stars and galaxies.
He wrote “The Big Bang may be a sketch when a mural is called for, but it is a challenging sketch, the kind of movie that you want to see with a friend, and then sit down afterward for a good, long talk.”
The showcase was held at KTH Royal Institute of Technology with performances from musicians and record producers Håkan Lidbo, Jan Bang, Graham Massey and more.
As a Bollywood playback singer she made a big bang entry into Bollywood playback singing in 2014 with two back to back songs Aaj Phir Tum Pe for the film Hate Story 2 which was number 7 in the top 10 Bollywood songs of 2014, and "Mohabbat Barsaa Dena tu" for the film Creature 3D.
 2012: Lis Kasper Bang for Dirch
Since this is her last tour, Twain said that she wants to go out on bang and she's "ready to hang my hat up in that regard", which is touring.
Bang, Jørgen: Fra Godiche til Schultz'', 1961.
 2018: Silent Nights – Aske Bang
The Big Bang Theory is an American situation comedy created, produced, and written by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady.
|rowspan=“1”|The Big Bang Theory
 Lis Kasper Bang – A Funny Man
Bang Gang (A Modern Love Story) by Eva Husson
Tony Arzadon & Steve Smooth - Bang!
Upon entering the Eye, the player encounters quantum versions of the various characters they had befriended in their travels, and working together, they create a Big Bang, giving rise to a new universe.
2017 - Kiss Bang Love
His music has been featured on television programs including American Idol, Dancing with the Stars, The Big Bang Theory, Southland, The Shield, and Next Top Model.
He has appeared as an actor in Workaholics, Parks and Recreation, The Colbert Report, Love, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Alone Together, and Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Korean boy bands and girl groups, such as Super Junior, Girls' Generation and Big Bang, are acclaimed as pretty and handsome singers  with slick dance routines and catchy tunes.
Rest easy, Big Bang Theory.
Bang Eun-hee as Park Haeng-sook
The funeral was for the Khuen Bang Lang tambon administration organisation chief, who was shot dead hours earlier the same day.
"How Bad Do You Want It (Oh Yeah)" contains a sample of "Utopia", performed by Bang La Decks, written by Klejdi Llupa and Theodore Economou.
Danie Craven was appointed coach in 1949, and started his coaching career with a bang.
If true, the Rainbow gravity theory prohibits a singularity such as that which is postulated in the Big Bang.
Marner has listed his favourite movie as Step Brothers, his favourite television show as The Big Bang Theory and cited his favourite video games as the Grand Theft Auto and Call of Duty series.
| Marginal#4: Kiss kara Tsukuru Big Bang
Bang made her acting debut in 1988, and rose to fame after being cast as the lead actress in Im Kwon-taek's General's Son (1990).
Bang married Kim Nam-hee, founder and CEO of NH Media, on September 9, 2010.
That's where the really big bang from the resources industry really comes."
In this atmosphere the students bang typewriters, fold blankets, nail boxes, sort out woollen (sic) gloves, cigarettes, loaves of bread, and masks against asphyxiating gas.
South Korean boy band Big Bang have released three Korean-language studio albums, five Japanese-language studio albums, five Korean EPs, two Japanese EPs, six Japanese compilations albums, 27 Korean singles, and eight Japanese singles.
Big Bang is known for composing and producing their own music, especially G-Dragon.
Her feature directorial debut, Farah Goes Bang, screened at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2013 and was awarded the inaugural Nora Ephron Prize by Tribeca and Vogue.
Menon's first full-length feature film, Farah Goes Bang was described by Jennifer Mills as one that, "explores many genres: the road movie, the sexual coming of age movie, the political film, the buddy movie."
Not only did Menon win the Nora Ephron Prize for Farah Goes Bang, but the film also won awards at the Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival and CAAMFest.
 Big Bang Boogie (2011)
 American Epic: The Big Bang - May 16, 2017: 9–10 p.m.
Variety reviewer  Peter Debruge opined that the film could be described as "frustrating, yes, but boring, never," containing "enough sexual tension percolating beneath the surface to spark a second Big Bang."
Together with his longtime companions Jan Bang and Erik Honore, they add all sort of sampling, processing and production to the mix.
Bang Myung-soo is a popular writer of webtoons.
Byun Yo-han as Bang Myung-soo (32)
Farah Goes Bang is a 2013 American road-trip comedy directed by Meera Menon, and written by Menon and Laura Goode.
Jess Hockey for The Guardian said "Theodore Boone is back with a bang."
The address is: 124 Hong Bang Street, Ward 12, Dist.
Harman makes earbuds under many brand names such as AKG, AMX, Becker, Crown, Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Lexicon, dbx, DigiTech, Mark Levinson, Martin, Revel, Soundcraft, Studer, Arcam, Bang & Olufsen and BSS Audio.
The lyrics for the album were written by Bushido, except for "Gangsta Rap Kings" written by Bushido, Kollegah and Farid Bang, and "AMG" written by Bushido & Shindy.
On Once, though—which is at its best when it's being crazy-go-nuts-bonkers—these sorts of hours tend to land with a bang."
I was working on a presentation when I heard a loud bang.
  Big Bang - The creation
It was the second best TV show in the 8.00 pm slot, beating Bones, The Vampire Diaries and a rerun on The Blacklist, but was beaten by The Big Bang Theory.
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's highest rated drama and third-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, only behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory (3.6) and ABC's Modern Family (3.0).
The last in-person performance Wysocki did prior to the COVID-19 pandemic was Comedy Bang!
The work was commissioned by the Mendelssohn Club with contributions from New Music USA and was premiered by Bang on a Can All Stars and the Mendelssohn Club Chorus in Philadelphia, April 26, 2014.
Also criticizing their relationship Ashley Bissette of Tv Fanatic wrote, "Amelia and Owen are making me want to bang my head against a wall.
This species is known with certainty only from the Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Quang Binh province, in the Annamite Mountains of central Vietnam.
This dub is produced by Los Angeles based Bang Zoom!
It also parodies The Big Bang Theory with Abed imitating Sheldon Cooper saying "bazinga" in a ball pit.
It is written by Mohsin Ali, produced by Big Bang Entertainment, and directed by Badar Mehmood with the prime slot of 9:00p.m.
M is the fourth single album by South Korean band Big Bang, and the first from their Made Series.
After performing both songs during their Made Tour, Big Bang held their first comeback stage on Inkigayo on May 3, 2015.
On the May 10 episode on Inkigayo, Big Bang made their third comeback.
Big Bang also appeared on KBS' "Happy Together" on May 20, the first time featuring all of the members in a variety show.
In May 2015, Big Bang started a cover contest, the contestant can upload any type of cover for "Loser" and "Bae Bae".
Sunwoo Yong-nyeo as Bang Eun-ah, mother of Hee-ra
Made (stylized in all caps) is the third Korean-language studio album by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Big Bang released their second Korean language studio album, Remember, in November 2008.
The single releases were met with success; the four releases topped the monthly Gaon Digital Chart, making Big Bang the first act to have four consecutive monthly number-ones.
During the album's recording Big Bang aimed to create an album that would allowed them "to do and show unexpected things."
Billboard chose Made as the sixth best K-pop album of 2016—praising the diversity of genres within the album and said "its value as a standalone piece of work is undeniable" and hailing Big Bang as "one of the most universally loved acts on the scene."
Big Bang (South Korean band) albums
It was the second best TV show in the 8.00 pm slot, beating Bones, The Vampire Diaries, The Odd Couple and a rerun on The Blacklist, but was beaten by The Big Bang Theory.
The Nielsen score additionally registered the show as the week's highest rated drama and third-highest rated scripted series in the 18–49 demographic, only behind CBS's The Big Bang Theory (3.4) and ABC's Modern Family (2.9).
When this noise becomes too loud to bear, Japanese people tend to bang their connecting walls in protest.
EGS-zs8-1 was born 670 million years after the Big Bang, during the period of reionization, and it's 15 percent the size of the Milky Way.
The pre-climax portion is as surprising for the key character as the interval bang was for the audience.
Before co-creating CBS' The Big Bang Theory, the writer-producer shot some test footage on which ABC ultimately passed.
It was the most-watched episode behind The Big Bang Theory (which had 2.8million).
Averaging 2.17million viewers, Quantico was Canada's most-watched drama series, most-watched new series and second most-watched series (after The Big Bang Theory) in 2015.
It was the most-watched drama series of 2015 in Australia and the second most-watched series overall (after The Big Bang Theory).
McPherson wrote, "The prosecutor and his staff deflated with almost an audible bang,...their big gun had backfired.
Plays have been recorded in studios across the UK and the U.S., including Rancho Mirage Music, Bang Post Production, The Moat Studios, The Roundhouse Studios and Ladbroke Audio.
He holds up Shmailo's novel Sly Bang as a success of the genre that offers "an assembly line of literary riches."
 Wiz Bang Bar (by Salt & Straw): ice cream shop
 Big Bang (1997) – short film
The rear cabin passengers and flight crew heard a very loud bang and experienced a blast-like sensation.
He appeared in the films Paint Your Wagon, Jump,  and Bang the Drum Slowly (in which he also sang the title song) as well as the television series The Young and the Restless, and Oz.
This work on stage led to appearing in two films, Paint Your Wagon and Bang the Drum Slowly.
Bang Eun-hee as Kim Seo-ra
 Bang La Decks – "Utopia" (2014)
In April 2015, he said that his favorite part of the recently released film The Interview, a comedy in which Kim Jong-un is murdered, was when Sook, a North Korean interpreter played by Diana Bang, turns against the regime.
Tae Hyun Bang (born April 15, 1983) is a South Korean mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Bang faced Kajan Johnson on June 14, 2014, at UFC 174.
Bang won the fight via knockout and won both Fight of the Night and Performance of the Night bonuses.
Bang next faced Jon Tuck on May 16, 2015, at UFC Fight Night 66.
Bang lost the fight via submission in the first round.
Bang next faced Nick Hein on September 3, 2016, at UFC Fight Night 93.
Bang was released from the UFC in October 2017.
Bjørn Bang Andersen (born 1937), Norwegian shot putter
This area of Bang Khun Thian District was constructed to be a relaxing place and a tourist attraction.
The author talks about theories of the origins of elements and discusses the big bang theory and how all elements were created.
He then discusses the confusion about big bang caused by research of the stars and how certain elements are only found in stars.
Completing the table..with a bang 
Bang!, alongside The Lonely Island.
They have also appeared on several episodes of the original Comedy Bang!
In cosmology, the relic abundance of a given elementary particle is a measure of the present quantity of that particle remaining from the Big Bang.
Bang Hyun-joo (born 17 July 1966) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
He joined YG Entertainment as a producer in 2009, and has since produced songs for K-pop artists including Big Bang, Blackpink, G-Dragon, Ikon, and Lee Hi.
That's fitting for a film that's all buildup and no bang."
 Ellen Bang as Fürstin  
A is the fifth single album by South Korean band Big Bang, and the second from their Made Series.
After previewing both songs during their  Made Tour in Guangzhou, China, Big Bang participated in Yoo Hee-yeol's Sketchbook on May 30, 2015.
Big Bang had their first official comeback on June 4 installment of Mnet's M Countdown.
According to KCAE, in an unstated year, he marched to Chanthabun (จันทบูร; "Moon City"; an old name of Chanthaburi) and Bang Khang (บางคาง; an old name of Prachin Buri) before removing a great many locals to his capital, Angkor Thom.
26 in The Oxford World History of Empire, P. Fiber Bang, C.A.
‘Collective Learning and the Silk Roads’, in L. Grinin and A. Korotayev, eds., Evolution: From Big Bang to Nanorobots, (Volgograd Russia: Uchitel, 2015) pp.
 Japan Dome Tour X, a concert tour by Big Bang
Gabuco competed as a flyweight in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon but lost to Vietnam’s Le Thi Bang in the quarterfinals.
In 2000, Tuttle left research to co-found Bang Networks, builder of the Internet's first large-scale content distribution network for real-time data, where he served as CTO.
 How to Build a Universe: From the Big Bang to the End of the Universe, 2015
In addition to the Fox network schedule, syndicated programs broadcast on KJNB-LD/KJNE-LD include The People's Court, Maury, TMZ, Family Feud, and The Big Bang Theory.
It ended with a bang!!
 Ellen Bang as Ursula
The ninth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory started airing on CBS on Monday, September 21, 2015.
After returning from the Game Bang game center, in which they were bullied by some street kids due to Anthony's pizza car, they find a video of Anthony reciting the Magic Pocket Slave Monsters theme at their high school graduation.
The episode garnered a 1.9/6 Nielsen rating with 8.01 million viewers, making it the third-highest-rated show in its time slot behind ABC's How to Get Away with Murder and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
The episode garnered a 1.8/5 Nielsen rating with 8.23 million viewers, making it the third-highest-rated show in its time slot behind ABC's Scandal and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
The episode garnered a 1.6/5 Nielsen rating with 7.70 million viewers, making it the third-highest-rated show in its time slot behind ABC's Scandal and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
Jason Evans of The Wall Street Journal gave a mixed review of the episode, writing: "Well, what started out as a fairly slow episode sure ended with a bang!
The episode garnered a 1.6/5 Nielsen rating with 7.49 million viewers, making it the third-highest-rated show in its time slot behind ABC's Scandal and CBS's The Big Bang Theory.
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment.
 Wolfe: Anthracite Fields Julia Wolfe, composer (Julian Wachner, The Choir of Trinity Wall Street & Bang on a Can All Stars)
Mystus albolineatus (known locally as trey kanchos bay) is a species of catfish endemic to Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam, known from Chao Phraya River, Bang Pakong River, Mekong River and Tonlé Sap.
His work was acclaimed by Herman Bang and Vilhelm Andersen.
In 2014, Elected as MLA of Maharashtra from Hingna by 23,158 Votes from NCP Leader & Former Cabinet Minister who is candidate Rameshchandra Gopikisan Bang.
Not only that, the track "Don't Speak (I Came to Make a Bang!)"
(2007), Arbor (2009), Pressure (2011) and Field Day Rituals (2013), has played a great number of concerts in Europe, USA and Japan, and collaborated with musicians like Sidsel Endresen, Jan Bang, Eyvind Kang, Mari Kvien Brunvoll, Randall Dunn and Timothy Mason.
2016 Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello - Cheap Trick
Post-Fordism, Precarity, and the Labor of Art is a collection of texts from e-flux's online and print journal edited by Julieta Aranda, Brian Kuan Wood, and Anton Vidokle with contributions from Antke Engel, Hito Steyerl, Liam Gillick, Tom Holert, Irit Rogoff, Marion von Osten, Diedrich Diederichsen, Lars Bang Larsen, Keti Chukhrov, Franco Berardi, Precarious Workers Brigade.
South Korean boy band Big Bang have embarked on eleven headlining concert tours, two of which have been worldwide, and six others in Japan.
In 2012, Big Bang embarked on their first world tour, The Alive Galaxy Tour, in support of their album Alive, which marked the first time for the group to tour North America, Europe, and South America.
In 2016, Big Bang celebrated their tenth anniversary, embarking on the 0.TO.10 tour, holding concerts in Japan, Seoul, and Hong Kong, which were attended by more than 1.1 million people.
At a redshift z = 6.6, the galaxy is observed as it was about 800 million years after the Big Bang, during the epoch of reionisation.
 Bang Gang - Find What You Get, directed by Árni Þór Jónsson
In 2012, Lapkus began making guest appearances on several podcasts on the Earwolf network, such as Comedy Bang!
In March 2015, HP announced that Bang & Olufsen would become the company's new premium audio partner for its computers and other devices.
 Shopping (Ryan Bang feat.
At the adjacent machine, Bang takes out a US$2 bill from his pocket.
The rest of the video sees Bang splurging his newfound wealth, dancing with lady valets (notably Girls of FHM Mayumi Yokoyama, Kristine Santamena, Donnalyn Bartolome, and Yam Concepcion), later riding on a Ferrari F430 and dancing and frolicking with fellow Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Clash 2010 housemate James Reid at the NewPort mall.
Bang launched his single on June 16, 2015 (his 24th birthday) during an episode of It's Showtime, with the music video premiering on myx and YouTube.
The song was use for Fudgee Bar commercial with Alyssa Valdez, as Bang plays as volleyball coach.
 Øyvin Bang Berven as Morgan 
During the ensuing 27 years he contributed illustrations for a further fifteen books, mostly by high-profile authors, including Marino Moretti, William Heinesen, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Franz Fühmann, Christa Wolf, Hermann Bang, August Strindberg and even Theodor Fontane.
D is the sixth single album by South Korean band Big Bang, and the third from their Made Series.
Osen talked about the mix between fun and sadness in the album, and how only Big Bang can make it work, "Utmost tenderness and fun and exciting feelings are all mixed together in the song.
 2002: Mediteraneo / Paris Jazz Big Bang / Cristal RecordsPrincesse fragile / Christophe Monniot / Quoi de neuf docteur?
Sciaccaluga, Prima del Big Bang?, in Sandro Bracchitta.
Hoffman began his career with a bang as a screenwriter in the mid-1930s and was installed as a junior screenwriter at 20th Century Fox.
During a viewing event for the match at the Piazza San Carlo in Turin, a robbery attempt followed by a loud bang caused panic, and a subsequent stampede killed three people, and at least 1,672 people were injured.
BANG focused on RPI alumni, faculty, and their creative associates, some affiliated with the university and many who were not.
Experimental BANG festivals I, II, III, and IV, starting in 1964 are discussed on the website of Richmond Professional Institute art alumna Carol Sutton.
The Sutton website also shows some of the imaginative BANG posters and recalls details about the celebrity participants who attended.
Artists, performers, and fans for BANG included one-man band blues singer Jesse Fuller, composers Robert Ashley and John Cage, filmmaker George Manupelli, dancer Twyla Tharp, painters Barnett Newman and Larry Rivers, experimental printmaker Robert Rauschenberg, critic Henry Geldzahler, jazz musician John Lee Hooker, sculptor George Segal, gallery director Richard Bellamy, and a writer from Village Voice, Howard Smith.
And then there was a big bang.
Eventually, 200,000 PLA troops were in Vietnam and captured the province of Cao Bang and the provincial capital, Lang Son, on March 1.
The cost of the three-week Sino-Vietnamese War to Vietnam was the destruction of bridges, roads, provincial hospitals and the electrical power grid in the Lao Cai, Lang Son and Cao Bang provinces.
 1996	Bang, The Earth is Round – The Sugarplastic
1 — Cheap Trick released their first album in seven years titled Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello.
She is the author of the young adult novel Sister Mischief, the co-writer and producer of the feature film Farah Goes Bang, and writes the ANTIHEROINES column for Bright Ideas Magazine.
Later, Goode and Menon co-wrote the feature film Farah Goes Bang, which Menon directed and Goode produced.
Farah Goes Bang also won the Comcast Narrative Competition at CAAMFest.
The game is littered with Chuck Norris facts and incorporates a number of these into the gameplay; such as shooting down a helicopter by pointing his finger and yelling BANG!
It's Bing 1962, right bang up-to-date."
After he was placed back inside the patrol vehicle, he continued to shout and kick and bang his head against the doors of the vehicle.
"We Like 2 Party" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
The music video showed a carefree side of Big Bang, playing, partying and drinking alcohol, unlike their previous videos, which were known for their powerful images.
Billboard noted that Big Bang showed a playful side of themselves and their strong friendship.
"Loser" is a song by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Standing out from other Big Bang songs for not falling in the love song category, the lyrics described feelings of doubt and unhappiness that accompany the everyday life of a self-proclaimed loser, while also detailing "unhappiness with one-night stands and forgetting the importance of love."
On Inkigayo, "Loser" was awarded three times, breaking the tie with g.o.d, making Big Bang the artist with the most songs that achieved a Triple Crown on Inkigayo.
Sun-Times included "Loser" in their unranked list of ten best Big Bang songs.
"Bae Bae" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
By the end of the year, the single sold more than 1.4 million digital units and was ranked as the fourth best performing song of the year in the country—simultaneously making Big Bang the first act to have three songs within the top five on the year-end Gaon Digital Chart.
The Chicago Sun-Times included the track in their unranked list of ten best Big Bang songs.
Vulture.com'' choose the single in the "10 Best New Songs of the Week," stating that "Big Bang is the best at blending aesthetics, and the music video is a prime example of how they jump from romance-novel realness to the Mad Hatter like a psychedelic bumblebee in."
He did not go far before the engine's oil level dropped and stopped with a bang.
On October 9, 2015, Sunrise announced at their panel at New York Comic Con that the anime will get an English dub to be produced by Bang Zoom!
"If You" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
It was announced that the song will have no music video, unlike the other singles that Big Bang released that year.
This is the first song in which all of the members of Big Bang sing, as typically before T.O.P and G-Dragon would rap.
"Sober" has a "more rock-driven sound", an unusual genre for Big Bang, who usually go for electronic and hip hop-based sounds.
Later, Apu apologizes about what happened to Jay, but he also finds a The Big Bang Theory scratch-off ticket in the middle of the debris.
Anupama Subramanian of Deccan Chronicle wrote, "After a couple of lackluster flicks, master story teller Mani Ratnam is back with a bang with a feel good complete romantic movie O Kadhal Kanmani.
The Made World Tour (stylized as MADE World Tour) was the second worldwide concert tour and ninth overall by South Korean boy band Big Bang, in support of their third Korean-language studio album Made (2016).
They previously worked with Beyoncé and Jay-Z on their On The Run Tour as well as with Big Bang during their Alive Galaxy Tour.
In Mainland China, Big Bang gathered a record-breaking 280,000 people in attendance from 13 shows, with sold-out shows in Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, Dalian and Wuhan.
The tour listed on Pollstars year end list, on the Top 200 North American Tours, Big Bang ranked at number 126 and earned $7.8 million from four shows.
The Los Angeles Times described Big Bang as "One of the most inventive, aesthetically visionary acts in its genre" and called their Anaheim concert an "incredibly significant moment for K-Pop", praising the diversity of their songs and performances.
Grantland's Rembert Browne remarked that Big Bang is "a boy band that in reality is a supergroup", praising each member's musical idiosyncrasies, saying "It's terrifying how good each member is".
Billboard gave the concert a 4.5/5, calling Big Bang "five individuals that are separately complex, but together an undeniable supergroup".
The Michigan Daily called Big Bang a rare group that "both innovates and defines the direction a genre takes" and described the concert as an "electric, out-of-body experience".
Vibe called Big Bang the "Kings of K-Pop" and praised their solo performances as the most interesting moments of the night.
We want to go out with a bang ... We thank all our loyal patrons that have been with us throughout the years.
 Xe Bang Nouane National Biodiversity Conservation Area, 150,000 ha at lat.
Atom: An Odyssey from the Big Bang to Life on Earth...and Beyond is the sixth non-fiction book by the American theoretical physicist Lawrence M. Krauss.
OneBeat is the result of a partnership between Found Sound Nation, Bang on a Can and the US Department of State's Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs.
Cathrinus Bang, Norwegian literary historian
E is the seventh single album by South Korean band Big Bang, and the fourth and last from their Made Series, before releasing the full album.
After releasing the album, Big Bang achieved a "triple kill" by topping the digital, streaming and album charts on Gaon Chart.
Osen said that the two single have a "different moods and colors" and that something only Big Bang can do and they have wide artistic spectrum.
In 2010, Sleepy contacted RM, encouraging him to audition for Big Hit CEO Bang Si-hyuk.
Bang offered RM a spot at the record label, and, without his parents' knowledge, RM accepted the offer immediately.
The interaction caused Bang and Pdogg to start production of a hip hop group, which eventually became idol group BTS.
Bang Eun-mi as Hwang Kyung-ja
D'slove is the second Japanese studio album by D-Lite  (Daesung), member of the South Korean group Big Bang.
Ellen Bang was a German film actress.
The track went on to be played across UK radio and popular TV networks, including Capital Xtra, Bang Radio, Kiss 100, Reprezent, Unity Radio, BBC Xtra, Radio 1, Asian Network, Westside FM, MTV Base, Flava TV, Kiss TV and Channel AKA.
Pattaya railway station is a railway station located in Nong Prue Subdistrict, Bang Lamung District, Chon Buri, located 3 km east of downtown Pattaya.
Originally the HSR station was planned to be situated near Bali Hai Pier, connecting to a new Pattaya Monorail, however it is now planned to be built outside the city center in Huai Yai in Bang Lamung District.
Khao Chi Chan Junction railway station is a railway station located in Bang Sare Subdistrict, Sattahip District, Chon Buri.
  Bai Bang VC (2009)
During the LHC construction, he has featured in London Science Museum's Big Bang exhibition in 2007 and in 2008 he was featured in BBC Horizon, a documentary television series.
And they shine too brightly.” Artin stresses that “Rehder is fond of spinning out into a poem the details of some incident that must strike the reader as trivial […] tracing the ramifications meticulously, methodically, bearing down on each fact until the trivial resonates with the stellar – daily life telescoping into the big bang.”
On site is a royal pavilion for the Royal Family and is used on some occasions when a member of the Royal Family visits the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace.
Chiang Rak Noi railway station is a railway station in Chiang Rak Noi Sub-district, Bang Pa-in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya.
As the last few of the 307 passengers were boarding, the flight crew in the cockpit heard a bang and a hissing sound coming from the right side console, immediately followed by smoke and flames.
The tenth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS Monday, September 19, 2016 and concluded on Thursday, May 11, 2017.
Khlong Bang Tan railway station is a railway station located in Nong Kop Subdistrict, Ban Pong District, Ratchaburi.
David Jeffries of AllMusic said, "Being able to bellow like Busta Rhymes or Ludacris just makes everything bang harder, and with a lean 11 cuts on the album's normal release, Living Legend is a non-stop gangsta party connected to the street, offering a more approachable alternative to Ross' grandiose LPs."
Nevertheless, Vietnam's ultimate loss of Cao Bang and Lạng Sơn exposed the local economy to ruin.
Therefore, at an age of 13.2 billion years, it is observed as it existed 570 million years after the Big Bang, which occurred 13.8 billion years ago, using the W. M. Keck Observatory.
Erica Lindbeck (born May 29, 1992) is an American voice actress known for her work with Bang Zoom!, Studiopolis, and NYAV Post in voicing characters in English-dubbed anime and video games.
Ban Din Lan railway station is a railway station located in Tha Chang Subdistrict, Bang Klam District, Songkhla, Thailand.
Ban Ko Yai railway station is a railway station located in Bang Riang Subdistrict, Khuan Niang District, Songkhla.
Ban Krut railway station is a railway station located in Thongchai Subdistrict, Bang Saphan District, Prachuap Khiri Khan.
He has a bang on comic timing, and the same can be said about his emotional scenes."
List of The Big Bang Theory episodes
He just put his chorus and middle eight to my three verses and bang, you know?
Na Phak Khuang railway station is a railway station located in Kamnoet Nopphakun Subdistrict, Bang Saphan District, Prachuap Khiri Khan in Thailand.
Hin Gong Railway Halt is a railway halt located in Phong Prasat Subdistrict, Bang Saphan District, Prachuap Khiri Khan.
Cha Muang railway station is a railway station located in Phong Prasat Subdistrict, Bang Saphan District, Prachuap Khiri Khan, Thailand.
Huai Sak railway station is a railway station located in Sai Thong Subdistrict, Bang Saphan Noi District, Prachuap Khiri Khan.
Ban Khok Ma railway station is a railway station located in Bang Son Subdistrict, Pathio District, Chumphon.
Nong Nian Railway Halt is a railway halt located in Bang Luek Subdistrict, Chumphon City, Chumphon.
Passengers can transfer to the Bang Son MRT Station.
In his house he organizes sex parties (called bang gangs) with other teenagers, also including recreational drug use.
On November 24, 2017 at the Seoul Central District Court in South Korea, Tae Hyun Bang was sentenced to a 10-month in prison, for accepting bribes in connection to throw his fight against Leo Kuntz for US$92,160, where he bet half of the bribe money on Kuntz.
Therefore, Bang abandoned his plan and went on to win the fight.
It was also reported that some mafia members issued death threats on Bang for they had bet US$1.7 million in favor of Kuntz to win.
Ta Paet railway station is a railway station located in Pak Bang Subdistrict, Thepha District, Songkhla.
Despite a good interval bang, post interval it drags on without much redeeming factors."
After several theater successes on German stages with pieces such as the Big Bang by Arthur Miller (Best Production NRW 96 / Berlin Theatre Meeting), his interest focused on the movie.
On 3 June 2017, a robbery attempt followed by a loud bang caused panic, and a subsequent stampede during a screening of the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final in Turin, killing three people and injuring at least 1,672.
There are, however, some outfits that still have to be assigned to a separate slot in the select screen, due to having an exclusive Big Bang Attack.
The Bloodhound Gang began in 1988 as a small alternative band called Bang Chamber 8.
The Complete Story of the Planet, Life and People from the Big Bang to the Present Day, which combines both the natural and human history of the world in a single 42 chapter narrative.
: The Complete Story of the Planet, Life and People from the Big Bang to the Present Day (Bloomsbury, first edition 2008, second edition 2012) 
Special Final in Dome Memorial Collection is the third Japanese extended play by South Korean boy band Big Bang, released on December 5, 2012.
Big Bang became the first Korean musical artists to perform in all three of Japan's biggest dome venues: Tokyo's Tokyo Dome, Osaka's Kyocera Dome and Fukuoka's Yahoo!
In addition to hosting his own shows, Gourley has guested on numerous podcasts over the years, including Never Not Funny, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Thrilling Adventure Hour, and Spontaneanation.
Promotions for the single featured Big Bang performing the song live on the music program Inkigayo along with their ongoing Made World Tour (2015–16).
Billboard said that "Let's Not Fall in Love" "showcases the boy band at their most sentimental", and has a classic Big Bang song feel but with a unique sound because of the "lack of a definitive chorus and T.O.P and G-Dragon showing off new vocal colors instead of their usual personality-driven raps."
Big Bang received the Song of the Year – August award at the 5th Gaon Chart Music Awards for its success on digital platforms.
The most used songs for their lip-synch interaction include "God Gave Me You" by Bryan White, "Thinking Out Loud" by Ed Sheeran, "Twerk It Like Miley" by Brandon Beal, and "Fantastic Baby" by Big Bang.
He is best known for his lakorns, The Sixth Sense and Bang Rajun, and Krong Kam.
Choi Hwa-jung as Bang Soo-young
Johnson made his promotional debut at UFC 174, taking on Tae Hyun Bang.
It is his debut TV score and director Johan Renck said "Chris's sensibilities and brazen creativity was bang on for a score to deal with everything from the Biblical grandeur of the story, via brooding darkness all the way over to tender sentimentality.
Caner Taslaman (born 1968), Turkish academician, Quran expert and writer known for his works on The Big Bang theory and the scientific structure of the Quran.
He served as governor of Shandong in 1865, Yunnan in 1876 and Guangxi in 1884., He was most noted for his role during the Sino-French War: Battle of Đồng Đăng, Battle of Bang Bo (Zhennan Pass), Kep Campaign.
In 2014, the facility became Bang Zoom!
Supplier: Bang Sports / Main Sponsor: front: Moroccan Airports Authority / League Sponsor: front: Maroc Telecom
Burd signed with CMSN, which also manages Tyga and Chiddy Bang.
 Farid Bang as Paco
Rolling Stone writer Andrew Leahey said the record is "Equal parts alt-country twang and garage rock bang, the album wears its influences proudly, recalling everything from ZZ Top's greasy boogie to the Alabama Shakes' coed soul."
 May 13: The Big Bang Theory (season 9) on Jack TV
According to the Eastern Seaboard Development Project the area consists of the whole Thung Sukhla subdistrict and some areas of Surasak subdistrict, Nong Kham subdistrict, Bueng subdistrict and Bang Lamung subdistrict.
After the siege of Vientiane which took about four months, the Thais took Vientiane, sacked the city, and carried off the images of Emerald Buddha and Phra Bang to Thonburi.
Taksin was beheaded in front of Wichai Prasit fortress on Wednesday, April 10, 1782, and his body was buried at Wat Bang Yi Ruea Tai.
On 18 February 1857, Liu Shan Bang led 600 Chinese rebels by the Sarawak River to attack the White Rajah in Kuching.
Adam Nimoy appeared as himself in "The Spock Resonance", the November 5, 2015, episode of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, in which he interviewed Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons) for the documentary on his father, who made a voice cameo in the episode "The Transporter Malfunction" in the series' fifth season.
Through various circumstances, he forms friendships with Mumen Rider, Bang, King, Genos, and Blizzard.
Back when he was young, Bang use to utilize a forbidden martial arts style  for his selfishness until his brother, Bomb redeems him.
Thanks to Bomb, Bang becomes wise and displays a great deal of patience when compared to others in S-class and often scolds other heroes for being haughty or selfish, just he was back in his youth.
The incident of Garo walking a similar path as Bang had is a painful memory for the latter and as a result, he constantly looks for new disciples to pass on his martial arts; Charanko is fairly incompetent, after all.
 is a self-titled  and a former disciple of Bang before he was expelled for mercilessly beating up his fellow disciples, preferring to use his master's former fighting style, Fist of Unleashed Explosive as a last resort.
Following being attacked by heroes while attempting to heal his injuries, he is taken to the Monster Association's base by Phoenix Man after he was nearly killed by Genos, Bang, and Bomb.
Centichoro later fights Genos, Bang, and Bomb so Garo can be brought to Orochi by Phoenix Man.
He later crashes Garo's fight with Genos, Bang, and Bomb, to carry off Garo.
When Garo's "hero hunting" becomes worsen, Bang have no other options to come to his dojo to accept his big brother's offer stop his former disciple, and Bomb agrees, finding Garo as a possible future threat for his own dojo as well.
Sourface was once a disciple of Bang, but left after Garo rampaged through the dojo; sometime afterwards, he created the Sourface-style Kempo martial arts and started his own dojo.
He complained of exhaustion and told his jailer that he was on the brink of dying; they ultimately released him after other prisoners proceeded to bang on their cell doors and demand that Gane be released.
Horses came either side and that helped me with the steering and while he was bang in there with a chance I wasn't going to give up on him.
In October 2020, Big Hit Entertainment floated on the Korean stock market with founder Bang Si-hyuk giving the members of BTS shares in the company and his stake in Big Hit making him the sixth richest person in Korea.
 Cathrine Bang as Kaisa
Anthon Bang (Copenhagen, 9 December 1809 – Christiania (now Oslo), 31 July 1870) was a Danish-Norwegian writer and publisher.
He was the grandson of Carsten Gerhard Bang, manager of the Røros Copper Works.
The man arrives with a big bang and never tires of bashing up baddies -- but now and then taking a break to cleanse society of minor evils like fooling law courts or cheating on wives.
Everything Matters But No One Is Listening and The Deadbeat Bang of Heartbreak City (2018–2020)
On October 14 2019, the band announced their third studio album, The Deadbeat Bang of Heartbreak City.
The Deadbeat Bang of Heartbreak City (2020)
The hegemon king Xiang Yu of Western Chu made Zhang Er king of Changshan (常山王) during the Eighteen Kingdoms Period, but Zhang Er changed his loyalty to Liu Bang, the eventual founder of the Han dynasty and was titled as King of Zhao.
In 198BC, his plot to kill Liu Bang was revealed, but he was pardoned and only demoted to Marquis of Xuanping (宣平侯).
2006 – Prestigio Click Bang vol.
2008 – Prestigio Click Bang vol.
He added, "A bit like The Little Match Girl Passion of fellow Bang on a Can composer David Lang, this is a passion play for a sort of ordinary Christ figure, and their pure, exquisitely shaped sound lends Wolfe's work not a suitable elegiac tone, but the laserlike intensity demanded by her music's most luminous moments."
Music commissioned by Bang on a Can
After 6 years as a manager and executive at Bang & Olufsen in France, she joined the advertising agency Les Ouvriers du Paradis (WPP group) as the account manager of Le Bon Marché (LVMH group).
The first two of these tracks had previously premiered on his SoundCloud in 2016, as had "Ruff's the New Buff", "Crash Bang Sound", and "What's the Program?".
The Royal Jomtien Resort Hotel complex was constructed between 1988 and 1990 on a plot of land owned by Kiatphol Co. Ltd. in the Bang Lamung District of Chon Buri, Thailand.
Bang Sin-Bong (born ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.
He has played in numerous successful films, such as the film Bang Bank or the TV series Eisai to Tairi mou, Englimata and To Deka.
Later he had leading parts in comedy films such as Bank Bang and Pente Lepta Akoma.
Primarily a pop album, Bang explores R&B, reggae, samba and funk carioca music.
Bang received positive reviews from music critics.
Rodrigo Ortega and Braulio Lorentz of the G1 portal said that "overall, Bang looks precisely at pop, although it misses the target so often.
Mauro Ferreira, from Notas Musicais, said Bang is Anitta's best album and was superior to her two previously released albums.
Bang shows a maturation of the singer in comparison to her first two albums, the tracks are well worked, the catchy songs were losing space and the addition of new instruments can bring a new air to the scenario where Anitta is inserted."
Silvestre Mendes of Botequim's Pop website said, "Unlike previous studio projects, Bang had a more surgical finish.
In her native Brazil, Bang debuted at number three on the ABPD Top 20 chart, selling 40,000 copies in its first week.
"Deixa Ele Sofrer" () is a song by Brazilian pop singer Anitta, released as the first single from her third studio album Bang!
 Boom, Bang, Blast (2013)
Car and Driver included it in its list of "The 20 Biggest Automotive Flops of the Past 30 Years", saying, "The long-awaited return of a legendary nameplate, the Pontiac GTO arrived not with a bang but with a whimper."
The Bang couple is the winner of the prestigious Maharashtra Bhushan Award.
The subdistrict is named after the historical village Bang Rachan.
2011-10-12 'The Bit that Could Go Bang - AWE's contribution to the UK Deterrent'.
The characters of Marissa Wompler and Charlotte Listler originated on the Comedy Bang!
After several Comedy Bang!
Other characters from Comedy Bang!
Cosmic microwave background in the title refers to the radiation and energy left behind by the Big Bang.
Since the third series; the franchise has been recorded in Los Angeles, California in the United States by Bang Zoom!
The show’s cast is pretty bang on too with Bijay Anand, Dalip Tahil, Grusha Kapoor, and many other talented actors putting together an entertaining drama.
Tùng has also been influenced by the Vietnamese underground hip hop scene and K-pop acts, including Big Bang, Super Junior and TVXQ.
Tùng has been described as a fashion icon, despite his fashion and music being repeatedly compared to South Korean musician G-Dragon and members of Big Bang.
After a relatively quiet year for Nakanoue, he started 2021 off with a bang, winning the BJW World Strong Heavyweight Championship from Yuji Okabayashi on January 2.
In 2010, he made an appearance for Ring of Honor (ROH) in a dark match prior to ROH The Big Bang!.
Hebei Bang Zi Variation 《河北花梆子》 (2015)
On July 1, 2014, Khaled announced that he has partnered with Danish audio company Bang & Olufsen to launch his own brand of headphones, titled "We the Best Sound".
 Midwood 125-74:  Bang!
 iQiYi Worldwide Favourite Artist – Big Bang
The Grade II* listed Romanesque door arch of St Andrew's Hall, dating from about 1150, salvaged during demolition in 1783, was re-sited in 1907 in the former Lincoln Arms, now Bang and Olufsen.
The Young Folks had this to say about season 2A: "Faking It's sophomore season starts off with a bang, an emotional rollercoaster that, while not as big as the season finale's final minutes, has the perfect backdrop to lead up to some jaw-dropping events in the future."
Most of these radio sources will be galaxies millions of light years away, many containing massive black holes, and some of the signals detected will have been sent less than half a billion years after the Big Bang, which created the universe 13.7 billion years ago.
2012: Kim Atienza, Ryan Bang, Teddy Corpuz, Billy Crawford, Anne Curtis, Coleen Garcia, Jhong Hilario, Jugs Jugueta, Karylle, Vhong Navarro, Joy Rendon and Vice Ganda (It’s Showtime / ABS-CBN 2) as "Best Reality & Game Show Host"
It opens with a bang, and keeps the soloist busily employed virtually for the duration.
Claes Bang as Jan Holster, Camilla's accomplice.
William Frawley as Bang
Bang!, The Late Late Show).
The Huskies started the decade with a bang winning the PNRFU league championship in 2002, making the Pacific Coast playoffs.
The chimpanzees bang on the instruments before they realize their proper use.
Vietnamese resistance being too heavily preoccupied elsewhere near Lao Cai and Cao Bang in the middle of the front was highlighted as a contributing factor to the Vietnamese defeat in Lạng Sơn.
LTK is influenced by Bang!
The similarity  motivated the creators of Bang!
Club gave it a B and wrote, "'Head's [sic] Up' opens and closes with a bang, the former metaphorical, the latter implied.
On 5 November 2015, it was announced that the Rolling Stones would be going on tour in Latin America in 2016 for the first time since their A Bigger Bang Tour in February 2006, the name of this 13-date stadium tour being "América Latina Olé Tour 2016".
A Badar Mehmood's directorial and produced by Big Bang Entertainment, who had previously taken initiative against social issues through their serials Aisi Hai Tanhai, Mubarak Ho Beti Hui Hai, and Meri Guriya.
Probably best known for his role as Yoo Ji-tae's white-haired bodyguard in Park Chan-wook's Oldboy (2003), his other iconic roles include an eccentric priest in Park's Lady Vengeance (2005) and smaller roles in Im Sang-soo's The President's Last Bang (2005) and Ryoo Seung-wan's Crying Fist (2005).
 John Shaffner – The Big Bang Theory (for "The Convention Conundrum", "The Locomotive Manipulation", and "The Status Quo Combustion")
On television, he presented The Big Bang for CITV and a series on caravaning and camping for Men and Motors.
To smash right through with a bang,
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa and Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment.
He said afterwards that he wished his team "were a part of it (championship four)...unfortunately[,] a couple mechanical things took us out of this Chase, but we're going to hopefully go out with a bang."
It was released on Bang Ya Head on October 30, 2015.
At the night time, it is clearly heard that there comes a sound of bang from the lake.
In 2014, he released Theme Music, a collaborative album with producer J. Rocc, under the group moniker Axel F. In 2015, he released a collaborative album with Blu and Madlib, titled Bad Neighbor, on Bang Ya Head.
The book is the fourth book in the George series, following George's Secret Key to the Universe, George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt, and George and the Big Bang, and preceding George and the Blue Moon.
There are stories to tell, the postcards keep coming […] We're heading for a crash, big bang, meltdown".
Nutaku first launched its LGBTQ+ games section in December of 2018 with the addition of Men Bang and Gay Harem.
 Andrea Bang as Angela Park
 Bae Soo-bin as Ray Bang
"The Comic Book Store Regeneration" is the fifteenth episode of the eighth season of The Big Bang Theory, which first aired on CBS on February 19, 2015.
Schedeen stated; "The Big Bang Theory delivered an awkwardly structured but emotional farewell to the late Mrs.
On December 10, 2015, a cardboard cut-out of the Big Bang theory's Sheldon Cooper with thumbs-up and a speech-bubble that said, "Oregon Tech.
TT The Artist - Bang 
 WTA Live Fan Access | Genie Bouchard Big Bang Theory Quiz
Their ghosts can be seen throughout the first season, usually causing trouble, breaking things and throwing bang snaps.
An English dub, produced by Bang Zoom!
This online archive was developed by Abigail Ward with web designer Ashley Kennerley (Go Bang!
 Ellen Bang as Steffi
The only goal scored from the home team came from Bang Seung-Hwan.
B of the Bang, bay colt, 2003, by King's Best.
A light novel adaptation has been published by Kadokawa company, best known for publishing Bang Dream!
The staggering pressures that exist at the core of neutron stars may be like those that existed at the time of the big bang, but these states cannot be simulated on Earth.
She likens the war to the Big Bang, "a moment in time from which a family will start counting."
 Ellen Bang as Frau Elvira
Nirvana in Fire () is a 2015 Chinese historical drama based on Hai Yan's book Lang Ya Bang (瑯琊榜).
In April 2011, Shandong Television Media Group acquired the film adaption rights for the popular 2007 internet novel written by Hai Yan, Lang Ya Bang, which has been called the "Chinese version of The Count of Monte Cristo.
The original author, Hai Yan, said that she had no intention to make Lang Ya Bang into a television series, but Shandong producers encouraged her to do so, while also offering her the role as the drama's screenwriter, despite the fact that she had no such experience.
I'd use garbage bins and streetlights and anything else I could find that was hollow or metallic to bang out rhythms on.
Then a bright streak of flash containing a "great light" followed and a huge bang that "shattered the sky and crumbled the earth" occurred, the sky turned dark, and everything within the 3–4 li (about 2 km or 1.2 miles) vicinity and a 13 square li (about 4 km2 or 1.5 mi2) area was utterly obliterated.
In 1998, Björnsson hosted a seven part series on the "Most important scientific theories of our time" broadcast by RÚV, aimed at educating the general public on topics including the big bang theory, the theory of evolution, and the theory of plate tectonics.
Critic Malathi Rangarajan of The Hindu wrote "Beginning the film with a bang is appreciable but the challenge lies in keeping the interest of the viewer sustained - and when scenes are protracted beyond a point they could tire the audience.
Bing Bang Boys, (Rubinchik Recordings, 2002)
In the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, after his father abandoned him and his mother when he was a little boy, Howard Wolowitz maintained a close yet dysfunctional relationship with his mother continually even into his adult years, causing his friends to mock Wolowitz, characterizing his relationship with his mother as an unresolved Oedipus complex.
He took this idea of 'power', of bang, of 'the right shot'.
On October 25, Anitta went to Domingão do Faustão, Rede Globo, to publicize Bang.
In 2009, a group of researchers from the British Cave Research Association, on a trip to find new caves in the Phong Nha – Ke Bang region, having heard about his discovery, came to ask Khanh for help.
1907 Now Bang & Olufsen.
It is native to central Thailand: Mae Klong River, Prachin Buri River, Nan River, Klong Bang O, Klong Ban Yikkan, Klong Prapa, Klong Rapipat.
Drew Bang – additional engineering , engineering 
 Bang Joon-seo as Cha Byul Yi
[2016.1.19]TV Tokyo "Doubutsu BANG!!"
The album sold 80,262 copies on the first day and charted at number one on Oricon daily album chart, then in the first week the album sold 128,000 copies, breaking their own record of first-week sales which held by their previous album The Best of Big Bang 2006-2014 in 2014.
Big Cliff is an album by American jazz percussionist Kahil El'Zabar and his Ritual Trio, which also includes saxophonist Ari Brown and bassist Malachi Favors, and the guest appearance of violinist Billy Bang.
President in: E Pluribus Bang by David Lippincott (1970 novel).
The abilities to have a name are Equivalent Mass Exchange → Equivalent Mass Substitution, Cube, Electromagnetic pulse link, Anti-gravity link, Planar Constraint, Marionette, Space Distortion, Inhuman strength link, Healing link, Acceleration link, Energy Adjustment and Transmission, Teleportation link (Interplanetary teleportation link), Bang, Quanx Detection, Reflection link, Explosion link, Penetration, Telepathy link, Hallucination link, Barrier, Summon Otherworldly Creatures, Nothingness.
Thanks in part to direct promotion by The Big Bang Theory and Blossom star Mayim Bialik, the book quickly became a bestseller on Amazon.
They include Bernhard Bang (August Hassel, 1923) and Carl Oluf Jensen (August Hassel).
Skonberg was the leader of Bria's Hot Five and The Big Bang Jazz Band.
 Kwak Si-yang as Bang Dae-Han, Kim Song-Yool's ex-husband (episode 1)
Produced by Fahad Mustafa and Ali Kazmi under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment, serial stars Arij Fatyma, Sabreen Hisbani and Samina Peerzada in lead roles.
Jon Gabrus  (born January 31, 1982) is an American actor and comedian, best known for his work on Guy Code, the podcast Comedy Bang!
Bang!, and TVLand's Younger.
Bang!, and The Hotwives of Las Vegas.
He appears frequently on the podcasts improv4humans and Comedy Bang!
 2016 Til They Bang on the Door, Lucy Woodward
Bang Donghwa stayed at the hermitage in the Jungmun area for a while to recover his health after he was released from prison.
Seo Woo-rim as Mrs. Bang
He is opponent of the Big Bang theory.
Preceding the album's release were singles "Soarin' Like Jordan" which featured vocal appearances from Archie Bang and The Audible Doctor, "Impatient" featuring Tiffany Topol, "Burn The Empires" featuring DeeJay Element, Tenacity, Sean Boog and Mean Joe Scheme and "Jon Bellion 4 Prez", a song he released as a tribute to Jon Bellion.
Archie Bang - Featured artist
('swift cave' in Vietnamese, named for the birds that nest in it), occasionally referred to as Én cave in English, is a cave in Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Nguyễn Hoàng Anh - Secretary of the Cao Bang provincial Party Committee
AAside Radio Royale Festival (アルゴナビス from BanG Dream!
However, the process came to a halt when the big bang extension was stopped.
(2006), Community (2009), The Man That I Was (2010), The Big Bang Theory (The Desperation Emanation)(2010), Celebrity Impression (2010), Workaholics (2011), and Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos (2012).
Uk Jin-kang was a frequent presence in the album as well, who had previously helped Big Bang member Daesung with his second Japanese album D'slove.
Martina Navratilova in particular has noted, "Everyone knows how to bang the ball; it's when you bring something extra to the table that it makes all the difference, and Andreescu brings a lot of extra to the table.
Clyde and Jimmy recruit their sister Mellie, incarcerated safe-cracker Joe Bang, and Joe's dimwitted brothers, Sam and Fish.
Sify.com gave the film a positive review, stating "to conclude, Yaman is a film with many layers, and one with solid drama at its core, which makes it such an engaging watch" and that "it is that rare kind of film which transports you bang in the middle of its action".
 Silent Nights – Aske Bang and Kim Magnusson
It was named after the politician Peter Georg Bang who had recently died.
Also featured on the channel were marathons of The Big Bang Theory, but this series was now returns on Nine.
 The Big Bang Theory (2016–17; Now on 9Go!
Further tormented by the demon, she locked herself in the bathroom and ripped off her jaw, subsequently dying from blood loss while her parents desperately bang on the door; the demon later unlocked it.
The "LG Hi-Fi Plus" accessory is a collaboration with Bang & Olufsen which adds a DAC, an amplifier, Direct Stream Digital audio support and upsampling, and is bundled with B&O Play H3 earbuds.
 2008: "Nintendo" (BIG BANG MINI on Nintendo DS) 
 Shiny, a 2005 album by The Bang
The two stars which formed the two black holes were likely formed about 2 billion years after the Big Bang with masses of between 40 and 100 times the mass of the Sun.
Atmosphères by Tigran Hamasyan, Arve Henriksen, Eivind Aarset, and Jan Bang
Fahong was ordained as a monk in 1899 at Wat Ban Hong Luang at which point the took a religious name of Phra Siwichai  and went on to study with his first teacher, Khruba Khattiya in Wat Bang Pan.
The waterpark construction began in 2012 by the main road in Na Jomtien close to Bang Saray beach.
Hutchison said that Frightened Rabbit was either going to close with the track or "Death Dream", and chose the former because, "The two characters go out with a bang but the album doesn't, musically speaking."
 Andreas Brandstädt,  Van Bang Le, and Jeremy P. Spinrad Graph Classes: A Survey, SIAM Monographs on Discrete Mathematics and Applications, Philadelphia, PA, 1999, 2nd edition 2004 
 Andreas Brandstädt, Van Bang Le, and R. Sritharan, Structure and linear-time recognition of 4-leaf powers, ACM Transactions on Algorithms Vol.
Marie Vilhelmine Bang (1848–1932), painter
After the daily dose of exercises he began writing music that formed the basis for his first complete work, "Big Bang... Boom".
Big Bang... Boom (1991)
11 – Billy Bang, American violinist and composer (born 1947).
It was hosted by Diana Bang, attracted 1,700 people and featured the band No Sinner at the afterparty.
 2010 "Boy BANG Boy" East Gallery, London, UK
Sandeep began 2014 with a bang, winning gold medals in both 200m and 400m and even securing a bronze in Long Jump at the FAZAA International Athletics Competition in Dubai (UAE).
He has collaborated extensively with many ensembles including the New York Philharmonic, Juilliard Orchestra, American Symphony Orchestra, Bang on a Can, Mark Morris Dance Group, Orchestra of Saint Luke's, Glyndebourne Festival Opera, Riverside Symphony, and Brooklyn Philharmonic.
He has performed on concerts with Bang on a Can, Glyndebourne Festival Opera, New York Philharmonic, Juilliard Orchestra, American Symphony Orchestra, Riverside Symphony, Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, Tony Bennett, Leonard Slatkin, Marianne Faithfull, James Galway, Licia Albanese, Concerto Köln, Bard Festival Orchestra, American Composers Orchestra, Da Capo Chamber Players, S.E.M.
 Yoon Byung-hee as Bang Bae-dong, the Squirrel, a criminal known for illegal trading.
In 2015, after 6 years of work, she directed her first feature film Bang Gang (a modern love story), produced by French-Iranian producer Didar Domehri.
Marilyn Lima (born September 28, 1995) is a French actress known for her roles in Une sirène à Paris (2020), Bang Gang (A Modern Love Story) (2015), Skam France (2018–2020) and J'ai menti (2021).
Director Eva Husson discovered her Tumblr blog and, after an informal meeting at a café, chose Lima to play the character of George in her film  Bang Gang (A Modern Love Story) (2015).
Bang Sue is the largest railway station in Southeast Asia, with 26 platforms—some 600 metres long.
Bang Sue 1 was closed on 15 August 2016 in preparation for the construction of the new railway station.
In 2013, work on the station started with a contract signing by the State Railway of Thailand (SRT), Sino-Thai Engineering Construction PCL, and Unique Construction and Engineering PCL for the Red Line suburban railway system project consisting of civil work for Bang Sue Grand Station and a maintenance center.
Underground floor: Bang Sue MRT Station, on the MRT Blue Line station, and parking for 1,624 vehicles.
Bang Sue Junction is also the location of Phahonyothin cargo yard.
The show also became a stage-play of "Before Bang rak soi 9 on stage" (ก่อนจะถึง บางรักซอย 9 on stage).
 2016 - The starting terminus was changed from Udom Suk BTS Station to Sunphawut intersection, in front of Phra Khanong Provincial Court and the new Bang Na District Office.
  Sir Graham Balfour School in district Thmar Bang
Ippongi Bang (born 1965), multimedia and manga artist
The Huffington Post wrote "The show ends with a bang, then a whimper, then a harmony."
It was the mention of Bobby Sands that, in 1981, brought the sentiment bang up to date.
The film's taglines are "West Hollywood Is Murder" and "Coming Soon... with a BANG!"
Gitlin was the supervising editor of the three films that comprise the American Epic trilogy; American Epic: The Big Bang, American Epic: Blood and Soil, and American Epic: Out Of The Many The One.
American Epic: The Big Bang (2017)
Bang Yong-guk) - "Body Lotion"
Marcus Miller, Judith Hill, Ryan Saranich, Elan Trotman, Tim Bowmen, Alex Han, Tim Bailey, Jon Barnes, Wayne Lindsey, Chiddy Bang, Dessy Di Lauro, Gerald Vesley, Brian Simpson, Andre Ward, Zenzo Matoga, Ashmont Hill, David 'Fuze' Fiuczynski, Jack DeJohnette, Phil Perry, JoAnn Condury, Oscar Peterson, Gabriela Martina, Stanley Porter.
It was like we write the tunes, rehearse them for a week or two weeks – we didn’t do a lot pre-production – then just bang it out.
 Ruth Park & D'Arcy Niland – The Drums Go Bang!
Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello is the seventeenth studio album by American rock band Cheap Trick.
She then returned to Paris, France and joined the Beatles covers project B for Bang , and recorded 'Happiness Is A Warm Gun' on their first album and various songs including 'Because' on their second album.
He also directed Salt of the Earth, a 70-minute documentary on the Rolling Stones' Bigger Bang Tour, which became one of the best-selling music DVDs of all time.
Within a few minutes I heard a loud bang and realized she was in danger.
When they all would practice their music, they would bang on the ceiling or the floor getting each other to shut up.
The musicians play "cymbals, trumpets and drums, including the bang nga, a large cylindrical drum, the lag nga, a small hand-held circular flat drum, and the nga chen, a drum beaten with a bent drumstick."
Su An Bang 蘇安邦 as business lesson staff
On March 17, 2017, IGN released a clip of the Berserk English dub and was announced that the series will be distributed by Funimation, but the series was dubbed by Bang Zoom!
Bang Joong-hyun as Kim Geun-gyo, Minister of Taxation
Sheldon Pearce of Pitchfork said, "The tape plays like a final installment, going out with a bang and saving some of the series' best for last".
Remy Ma's husband Papoose, DJ Khaled, Fred The Godson and Farid Bang make cameo appearances in the video.
The witnesses stated that there was a loud bang when the collision happened, several seconds later, they noticed that Flight 7703's left wing was on fire.
It featured the U.S. premiere tour of France's immersive, inflatable street theatre company, Plasticens Volants at Parcel 5 for both "Friday & Saturday on the Fringe," drawing over 20,000 audience members to two performances of "Big Bang."
Winwin performed NCT U's "The 7th Sense" at their first live performance in China at the 16th Music Feng Yun Bang Awards that same month.
The same day, they had their first live performance in China at the 16th Music Feng Yun Bang Awards alongside Chinese rookies Kun and Winwin.
Ethan starts to initiate activities aimed at unsettling Grainey to make him believe the house is haunted, including making the kitchen door bang loudly in the middle of the night, disabling the heating system (which causes the bedroom window to shatter because of the freezing temperature), and activating the stereo in the middle of the night.
The Point of Departure review by Jason Bivins says about the reissue "This is intense music for sure, not exactly the Big Bang but still nourished by original energies.
GD & TOP is a South Korean hip-hop/pop duo formed by G-Dragon and T.O.P, the rappers of the K-pop boy band Big Bang in 2010.
Cody Sun and Rikara opted to leave the team at this point and they were replaced by players Huhi and Bang.
Ryu, Amazing, Bang and Aphromoo all left the team, with FakeGod rejoining Academy and Ssumday rejoining the main roster.
After two losses in the 2022 NA VCT Challengers Stage 1 group stage, Ec1s and BabyJ were released and the team acquired Bang and JcStani on loans.
His compositions have featured at Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, Bang on a Can Marathon, MATA Festival and Royal Academy of Music's Piano Festival.
In December 2016, while filming Ghostland, Hickson was told by director Pascal Laugier to bang her fists against a glass window and that it was safe to do so.
The Big Bang Theory (co-lead played by Kunal Nayyar)
Kim's Convenience (ensemble co-leads played by Simu Liu, Andrea Bang, Paul Sun-Hyung Lee, Jean Yoon)
 Melissa "Missy" Cooper, a character in The Big Bang Theory and Young Sheldon
Filmings for the series took place at the Workpoint Studio in Bang Phun, Mueang District, Pathum Thani.
 Jette Bang (1914–1964), large collection of photographs of Greenland depicting the lifestyle of the Greenlandic Inuit
By the time of release the band had expanded to a seven piece line-up with Polly MacLean on backing vocals, Stu Crane on electric cigar box slide guitar and Joss Cope (Biff Bang Pow!, Crash, brother of Julian Cope) on bass.
 Jan Eggum: Dingli bang (1997)
Kiss Bang Love is an Australian reality dating television series on the Seven Network which premiered on 24 May 2016 at 8:45pm.
Beautiful Gong Shim () is a South Korean television series, starring Namkoong Min, Bang Minah, On Joo-wan and Seo Hyo-rim.
Bang Minah as Gong Shim
Bang Khen opened as a railway station on the Northern and Northeastern Line in the early 1900s.
It is located in Chatuchak district since Chatuchak separated from Bang Khen district in 1989.
Bang Kachao () is an artificial island formed by a bend in the Chao Phraya River and a canal at its western end.
In 2006, Bang Kachao was named "best urban oasis" by Time in its "Best of Asia" series and is frequented by nature lovers and cyclists.
The eleventh season of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS on Monday, September 25, 2017.
5 – Con Tim Dai Kho including 8 songs which was especially designed for her as she was confident to conquer younger audience with songs written by: Truong Le Son, Hoang Nha, Thai Thinh, Luong Bang Quang,... As the explanation for two albums at the same time, she said that she was in rush to prepare next liveshow.
With this ratings, Gotham ranked first for FOX, beating Houdini & Doyle, fourth on its timeslot and ninth for the night on the 18-49 demographics, behind Blindspot, The Odd Couple, two episodes of Mike & Molly, NCIS: Los Angeles, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, Dancing with the Stars and The Voice.
 Roger Sanchez featuring Terri B – Bang That Box (LBL Remix)
Bang on the Money is a British game show that aired on ITV and was hosted by Rickie Haywood Williams and Melvin Odoom.
A buzzer known as the Bang Button is on a pedestal before the player.
It features boutiques such as Chanel, Chopard, Harry Winston, Bulgari, Hermés, Bottega Veneta, Loro Piana, Louis Vuitton and Bang & Olufsen.
Louise Coysh, Lars Bang Larsen, Hans Ulrich Obrist, Andrea Philips and Emily Pringle, Dis-assembly—Faisal Abdu'allah, Christian Boltanski, Yona Friedman, Runa Islam: A Serpentine Gallery Project with North Westminister Community School.
 Sora Jung as President Bang
With this ratings, Gotham ranked first for FOX, beating Houdini & Doyle, fourth on its timeslot and eight for the night on the 18-49 demographics, behind Blindspot, The Odd Couple, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, two episodes of Mike & Molly, Dancing with the Stars and The Voice.
Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "good" 7.2 out of 10 and wrote in his verdict, "The Azrael arc may have ended with a glorious bang, but it was sloppy throughout.
In June 2015, he received Bang on a Can’s Visionary Award at the organization’s annual gala, and in April 2019, he was honored at Sō Percussion’s annual benefit.
Protium or hydrogen-1, with one proton and no neutrons, is the most abundant element in the Solar System, formed in the earliest rounds of stellar explosions after the Big Bang.
Modern tritium cannot be explained by Big Bang nucleosynthesis because of tritium's short half-life of 12.3 years.
The burials found at the Bang Site Settlement of Ban Kao have revealed many animal remains, such as tortoise shells and pig skulls.
The specialty of the subdistrict is grilled chicken from Bang Tan village.
Told through photography it tells ‘stories’ between similarly disparate objects and events from the Big Bang until now, by conjuring up and making new connections between them.
When she went on to state that her father's death, contrary to the official Cuban line, was not accidental, the Cuban delegate, Juan Quintanilla, began to bang on his desk.
As part of their image, the members of BgA based their stage names on the names of the members of K-pop boy band Big Bang.
With this rating, Gotham ranked first for FOX, beating Houdini & Doyle, fourth on its timeslot and ninth for the night on the 18-49 demographics, behind Blindspot, The Odd Couple, Castle, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, two episodes of Mike & Molly, Dancing with the Stars and The Voice.
Giant Air Feeder - An alien moth whose container holding its cocoon was dripping the liquid that the Beemans were using for Big Bang Burger's secret sauce back in 1950.
Bert Beeman (portrayed by Greg Kean) - The manager of Big Bang Burger in 1950.
She was the one who made use of the liquid from the cocoon to make Big Bang Burger's secret sauce.
Sandy Sledge (portrayed by Naiah Cummins) - A waitress at Big Bang Burger in 1950 who became one of the people affected by the alien moth's liquid that caused anyone that consumed it to have major cravings for meat.
 Bang Joon-seo as Soo Bin (ep6-7)
The team started off with a bang, with Fontaine scoring the team's first top ten finish, a seventh, at Daytona.
As the aircraft was taking off from Runway 34R at Tokyo Haneda, the pilots heard a loud bang coming from the left.
 The Black Archive #44: The Pandorica Opens / The Big Bang by Philip Bates (June 2020)
Supplier: Bang Sports / Main Sponsors: front: Moroccan Airports Authority, University of New England; APM Terminals / League Sponsor: front: Maroc Telecom
On April 25, 2013, he was elected as the head director of Yonsei University after Bang Woo-Young, a former chairman of The Chosun Ilbo, resigned.
Bang Yi-seul of the Korea Sexual Violence Counseling Center said, "It is rather out of touch with reality to see the case as irrelevant to misogyny through the identity of the perpetrator, because the original misogyny itself is not done on a logical basis, but only because it is a woman."
Bang they are off to the races.
Her notable roles are Tenri Ayukawa in The World God Only Knows, Myucel Foaran in Outbreak Company, Jeanne Kaguya d'Arc in Nobunaga The Fool, Rei in Hamatora, Kurome in Akame ga Kill, Chiyo Sakura in Monthly Girls' Nozaki-kun and Kasumi Toyama in BanG Dream!.
 Anthony Anderson (Black-ish) with Kaley Cuoco (The Big Bang Theory)
The Made V.I.P Tour is the first Chinese fan meeting tour by South Korean boy band Big Bang, in support of their albums, M, A, D and E released in 2015.
Big Bang was the highest earning act in Mainland China from concert revenue in 2016, surpassing local acts like Jay Chou and Eason Chan, by earning 70.3 million USD from 36 concerts, accounting for 70% of the total box office of South Korean acts in China.
He has also appeared on the 3rd season of Twin Peaks as Phil Bisby, Key & Peele, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, The Whitest Kids U' Know, and Comedy Bang!
Wonderfruit takes place in The Fields at Siam Country Club, 50 Moo 9, Pong, Bang Lamung, Chonburi 20150, Thailand.
The book was released on 10 September 2015 as a part of The Glamour Chronicles, alongside Big Bang Generation and Deep Time.
Big Bang Generation is a BBC Books original novel written by Gary Russell and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
The book was released on 10 September 2015 as a part of The Glamour Chronicles, alongside Royal Blood and Big Bang Generation.
Kneebone has worked as a producer on a variety of television shows, including Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Nathan for You, and Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!.
Winners of the contest include You Hee-yeol, Kim Yeon-woo, and Bang Si-hyuk.
Alice Bell (VideoGamer.com) and the reviewers at GameCentral praised the value for money: Bell said that Far Harbor was the best of the first three expansion packs for getting "the most bang for your buck", even taking into account the design flaws.
They've broken the world more times than we like to admit — and put it back together again just as often — but they're also dumb boys from Kansas who drink beer and bang waitresses, prank each other and sing in the car.
Wat Niwet Thammaprawat Ratchaworawihan () is a Buddhist temple (wat) of the Dhammayut Order, located within the grounds of the Bang Pa-In Royal Palace in Thailand's Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province.
The construction of Wat Niwet Thammaprawat was commissioned by King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) in 1876, to serve as the royal temple for the newly expanded Bang Pa-In Palace.
Spanky Loco & YGD Top Dogg - We Bang Wicked prod.
Piglet was released from SKT after sister teams were disbanded, and SKT went with Bang as their starting ADC.
 2014: Decade Number 3 EP (Tequila, Space, Bang The Drum (AN21 and Sebjak)) [Size Records]
They charted at number one and two on the Billboard World Digital Song Sales chart, making Blackpink the fastest act to achieve such a feat and the third Korean artist to hold the top two positions simultaneously, after label mates Psy and Big Bang.
In addition, the program of carl's books includes, for example, the novel "Verschwiegen" by William Landay, and "Der Tod fährt Audi", the first German translated novel by Kristian Bang Foss.
With Hyper Zetton knows of Orb's past movements, the latter assumed Hurricane Slash, catching on par with the monster's quick teleportation and finally put an end to it with the Big Bang Thrust.
He was scouted by Seungri of Big Bang, who was impressed by his dancing while attending his dance academy at the time, thus bringing him to YG Entertainment.
They added "their storyline kept audiences guessing over whether they might end up together and allowed both characters to go out with a bang."
 Diana Bang as Principal Kim
During this time he also appeared regularly on NBC's Parks and Recreation and IFC's Comedy Bang!
The Birthday Boys gained notoriety within the LA comedy scene, appearing on Comedy Bang!
The movie follows Big Bang from the beginning till the end of their world tour in a documentary format to give up close and personal view of their 340 day long journey on tour as they perform in 32 cities across 13 countries.
Big Bang Made premiered at the CGV Yeongdeungpo in Seoul on June 28, 2016.
 The Big Bang (2001–2007)
Sify's reviewer also praised the film stating "it is an experience you must enjoy", stating "if you like beautiful, intimate, playful, passionate love story in typical Mani Ratnam style then Kaatru Veliyidai is bang on".
Bang 2 Drum (2017) 
GD X Taeyang (also known as GDYB) is a South Korean duo from YG Entertainment, consisting of G-Dragon and Taeyang from Big Bang.
Though they made several appearances both as a duo and as individuals on other artists' music, the plan for their debut was scrapped and they were joined by four other trainees (T.O.P, Daesung, Seungri and Jang Hyun-seung) to form Big Bang instead.
As he wrapped up his senior year, Licon went out with a bang at the 2017 NCAA Championships by going undefeated in all of his races.
Nina Bang Mountain () is a mountain in NW Greenland.
This peak was named after Denmark's first woman cabinet minister Nina Bang.
Nina Bang Mountain is located in southwestern Nyeboe Land.
 Non signé, « Génération juin 66 – SOS Médecins en route vers ses 50 ans – D'un drame, une idée géniale : un big bang dans le système de soins », Le Quotidien du médecin, 2015
Ho Krai railway station is a railway station located in Ho Krai Subdistrict, Bang Mun Nak District, Phichit.
Wang Krang railway station is a railway station located in Noen Makok Subdistrict, Bang Mun Nak District, Phichit.
Under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment.
The episode was viewed by 4.62 million people, earning a 1.5/4 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale, ranking first on its timeslot and fifth for the night in the 18-49 demographics behind a rerun of 2 Broke Girls, two episodes of Hotel Hell, and a rerun of The Big Bang Theory.
The first title match of King of Pro-Wrestling saw The Young Bucks make their second successful defense of the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship against David Finlay and Ricochet with Matt Jackson pinning Finlay following the More Bang for Your Buck.
Frightened, the boy fell into a coma, and created the electrical surge, which Dirk likens to the Big Bang that created Wendimoor from the boy's dreams.
 Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang ()
Frequent stages visited include those of The Big Bang Theory, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, and Pretty Little Liars.
The Tour stops in a few stages including Stage 25 where they tape The Big Bang Theory, Stage 1 where they tape the Ellen Show and there are many other stages where they film including Conan, The Fosters, Lucifer, and The Real.
The Big Bang Theory was filmed on Stage 25 and Stage 1 which is one of 3 stages where they tape The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
 2014 : Bang Ya Head [Big & Dirty (Be Yourself Music)]
Marie initially "focused on filming for the traditional porn companies", working for studios including Mile High, Bang Productions, Adam & Eve, Girlfriends Films, Kick Ass Pictures, Evil Angel, Pure Play Media, and Pulse Distribution.
She has also worked for sites like Mofos, Bang Bros, HD Passion, Digital Desire, Naughty America, and Vixen.
After Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?, Castro starred in daytime show The Borrowed Wife.
2007: The Rolling Stones- The Biggest Bang – Live 2005/2006 Tour (4DVD)
Elsewhere in the village, we meet Madame Bang Duk Omi - the ugly, conniving town wench (MADAME OMI).
 Fred Tatasciore as Bang, a blue StoryBot 
Since then, she has published several articles on Penrose's cosmic censorship hypothesis; on energy transfer and fluid flow around massive astrophysical objects; and on modelling the structure of wormholes, virtual particles from the Big Bang, and mass transfer in the Higgs boson.
At Imperial College London on July 2, 2015, Corral presented a model that, using relativistic equations, predicted very low entropy at the Big Bang.
He self-financed a trip to Copenhagen to meet Bernhard Bang and learn of his studies on bovine tuberculosis.
The film stars Johnny Galecki, Anna Friel, Oliver Platt, Anjelica Huston, Kyle Gallner, Kevin J. O'Connor, and Diana Bang.
Diana Bang as Laurie
However, the process came to a halt in 2004 when the big bang extension was stopped.
ComediesAmerican Housewife (October 11, 2016 – present)The Big Bang Theory (September 23, 2007 – present)The Goldbergs (September 26, 2013 – present)
Billboard K-Town's Jeff Benjamin opines that Blackpink "[embraces] the hip-hop sensibilities and club-ready sounds with which their seniors gained an international following", referring to their labelmates Psy, Big Bang, and 2NE1.
Perhaps his social conservatism has bred such a discomfort with the implications of modern science - that the universe works by natural rather than supernatural or divine laws - that he's compelled to snicker at one of the foundations of modern science: He's called another one, the big bang, 'the nuttiest theory I've ever heard'."
Andrea Bang as Janet Kim, 20 at the start of the series, Mr. and Mrs. Kim's daughter and Jung's younger sister.
However, when The Young Bucks went for their finishing double-team maneuver, More Bang for Your Buck, on Romero, Beretta returned, stopping Matt and allowing Romero to pin Nick with a crucifix to win the match and make Roppongi Vice the new IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Champions.
Bang also criticized the "Dixie" music played in each of the game's river sections: "it would be nicer (and preferable psychologically) to hear something different as a reward for making the jump."
Bang concluded that the game "is just a bit too primitive for today's market and will be of interest mostly to neophytes and young children."
 2010: Bang Like A (with Bassjackers) [Spinnin' Records]
All the members of Big Bang including, G-Dragon, Sol, V.I and D-Lite attended all shows, except T.O.P who missed all shows, due to other schedules.
Minister of Internal Affairs  Peter Georg Bang (1797–1861) lived in the building in 1849.
In unison, the models bang their hands twice with their fists and once with their hands lying flat on the table for the contestant to hear.
The medical doctor and later vice mayor of Copenahgen Niels Bang and the naval officer Lorentz Fjelderup Lassen both lived in the building in 1802–03.
 Axel Bang, 2 November 1937
Yao Yuanhao as Second Lieutenant Sun An Bang 孙安邦
Krishika also recently lent her support as the brand ambassadress to the grand opening of the famous Mumbai hot spot Enigma at the JW Marriott Mumbai which is back with a bang in its new avatar.
0.TO.10 was the tenth concert tour by South Korean boy band Big Bang that was held to celebrate the group's tenth anniversary.
Big Bang held 24 concerts in six cities, which attracted more than 1.1 million fans.
The concerts made Big Bang the act with the biggest concert mobilization power for the year in Japan, the first time a non-Japanese act has topped the list.
Along with the tour, Big Band held a special event with their fans, under the name Big Bang Special Event - Hajimari No Sayonara, with seven shows in Japan and one show in South Korea.
Vocals, dance and director: Big Bang (G-Dragon, T.O.P, Taeyang, Seungri and Daesung)
Park Ji-young as Bang Ja-young
 Vivian Bang as Sun
Goldhaber was wondering about why is there any matter if equal amount of matter and antimatter was formed in the beginning of the big bang.
In this hypothesis, Cosmonium would have been the heaviest form of matter at the beginning of the big bang.
Survivors stated that there was a loud bang when it happened.
The division took part in the Battle of Cao Bang.
In February 1979 the division took part in the Battle of Cao Bang during Sino-Vietnamese War.
 Bang Like A (with Ralvero) [Spinnin' Records]
 God Bless the Big Bang (2008)- (rory)
 Aske Bang as Søren
2005: "The Invisible Insurrection of a Million Minds: Twenty Proposals for Imagining the Future" with Lars Bang Larsen and Carles Guerra 
Tarver is known for starring in the Seeso show Bajillion Dollar Propertie$ and for his appearances on comedy podcasts, including Comedy Bang!
Tarver is also a regular guest on the podcasts Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Matt Besser's podcast improv4humans, and Paul F. Tompkins' podcast Spontaneanation.
Honestly, I think we should have just played the Bang Your Head festival in 2000 and left it at that.
 Oh Eui-shik as Bang Woon-ki 방운기, Team Captain
BanG Dream!, also known as , is a Japanese music media franchise owned by Bushiroad.
In addition to other manga, BanG Dream!
includes an anime television series, live concerts, singles and albums, and the mobile rhythm game BanG Dream!
Three band-focused films have also been produced: the two-part Episode of Roselia series premiered in 2021, followed by BanG Dream!
Spin-off anime series include BanG Dream!
In 2018, the franchise expanded to include a male-based counterpart Argonavis from BanG Dream!, which was spun off into an independent brand From Argonavis in 2021.
The premise for BanG Dream!
Star Beat universe was retconned following the franchise's reboot in 2016 as BanG Dream!
According to an August 24, 2016 post on Nakamura's Livedoor blog, the name BanG Dream!
In 2017, BanG Dream!
expanded to include the anime and the mobile game BanG Dream!
Five months later, the BanG Dream!
A stage play focusing on Raise A Suilen titled We are Raise A Suilen: BanG Dream!
For example, the third season's final episode features references to the BanG Dream!
In 2016, the BanG Dream!
Delayed screenings would also be provided for later lives; for instance, the BanG Dream!
A manga series following the redesigned universe, BanG Dream!
In 2017, the first non-Poppin'Party-centric manga, BanG Dream!
An anthology series manga of the chibi anime spin-off BanG Dream!
Airing from January 3 to March 28, 2019, and simulcast on Crunchyroll and HIDIVE, BanG Dream!
It details Poppin'Party's participation in the BanG Dream!
Outside of the main series, two chibi spin-offs called Pastel Life and BanG Dream!
A second season of Pico titled BanG Dream!
A sequel, BanG Dream!
A two-part film series focusing on Roselia called BanG Dream!
A Poppin'Party-centric movie titled BanG Dream!
Playable tracks include original pieces from the series and cover versions of popular anime music, the latter of which was inspired by their popularity during the BanG Dream!
Despite sharing the BanG Dream!
Argonavis also overlapped with the main franchise at the BanG Dream!
The Argonavis from BanG Dream!
In November 2021, Bushiroad announced the project would be changed from Argonavis from BanG Dream!
From August 2017 to July 2018, Bushiroad's Weiß Schwarz brand experienced record sales after adding BanG Dream!
He ultimately described BanG Dream!
Various songs from BanG Dream!
Andrea Bang (born May 2, 1989) is a Canadian actress from Burnaby, British Columbia.
Bang was born in Burnaby, British Columbia to Korean immigrant parents.
Her sister, Diana Bang, is also an actress and writer.
The V20 shipped with Bang & Olufsen H3 in-ear headphones for a limited time, and the phone's audio specifications and sound is tuned by the same company in some countries, including the international variants (indicated by the B&O logo on the back of the cover).
He was born in Risør to merchant Hans Bang and Adama Schanche.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer, fourth on its timeslot and eighth for the night on the 18-49 demographics, behind Lucifer, Dancing with the Stars, The Case Of: JonBenet Ramsey, The Good Place, Kevin Can Wait, The Voice and The Big Bang Theory.
He won the 2019 ReLit Award for fiction for his novel Marry, Bang, Kill.
Chae Seo-jin as Bang Hye-jung 
It is about 70 km North-West of Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park.
Raise A Suilen covered the song from Bang Dream.
Chachoengsao City Football Club (Thai สโมสรฟุตบอล ฉะเชิงเทรา ซิตี้), is a Thai football club based in Bang Nam Priao, Chachoengsao, Thailand.
As of March 2016, GN-z11 is the oldest and most distant observed galaxy with a comoving distance of 32 billion light-years from Earth, and observed as it existed just 400 million years after the Big Bang.
The album was mostly recorded over the course of a month at Karma Sound Studios in Bang Saray, Thailand in early 2016.
Modesto further looked at the renormalisability of the theory, as well as showing that it could generate "super-accelerated" bouncing solutions instead of a big bang singularity.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer, fourth on its timeslot and eight for the night behind Lucifer, Scorpion, Dancing with the Stars, Timeless, Kevin Can Wait, The Voice, and The Big Bang Theory.
Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang is a 2015 documentary film produced and directed by Colin Offland, written by Matthew Baker, and narrated by Matt Cooper.
It is the band's first album to feature only cover songs, and their first studio release since 2005's A Bigger Bang, with its eleven-year gap being the longest between two albums from the band.
Though there had been an eleven-year gap between albums, the Rolling Stones kept the same basic production and musician team as A Bigger Bang.
In 1264 he was put in charge of the Diocese of Roskilde when bishop Peder Bang was exiled.
He was supposed to debut at ONE: Big Bang, but was forced to withdraw due to an injury.
The Square is a 2017 satirical film written and directed by Ruben Östlund and starring Claes Bang, Elisabeth Moss, Dominic West and Terry Notary.
Danish actor Claes Bang learned of the project through Tanja Grunwald, who was from Denmark and casting The Square.
As preparation for the role of Christian, Bang made an in-depth interview with Daniel Birnbaum, the director of Moderna Museet in Stockholm.
Bang kept contact with Birnbaum and sent him short videos of himself in the role of an art curator which Birnbaum provided feedback to.
Bang Eun-hee as Bong-hee's mother
Anne Marie Mangor née Bang, also known as Madam Mangor, (1781–1865) was an early Danish cookbook writer.
28 April - Claes Bang, actor
Maren Elisabeth Bang (1797–1884), wrote the first Norwegian cookbook to be printed: Huusholdnings-Bog, indrettet efter den almindelige Brug i norske Huusholdninger (1831) 
She has been featured in concerts and music festivals including the “Ecstatic Music Festival 2012," MATA Festival 2011, and Bang on a Can Summer Festival 2011.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer but beating Lucifer in 18-49 demographics, fourth on its timeslot and eight for the night behind Scorpion, 2 Broke Girls, Timeless, Dancing with the Stars, Kevin Can Wait, The Voice, and The Big Bang Theory.
It is one of the few remaining independent Partnerships in the UK retail investing market following consolidation amongst European, Japanese and American investment banks following the Big Bang in the late 1980s.
"No Bang No More" – 5:22
Ioanthe reveals that the next part of the Games will pass the knowledge necessary to save the world on to one of the four kings: the rogue galaxy was a forerunner to an "Omega Event", the total destruction of the universe via a Big Crunch and another Big Bang that will create a new universe.
Her work has been published by Sydsvenskan, Bang, Nerikes Allehanda, Gefle Dagblad, and Smålandsposten.
Bang Yong-guk, the leader of B.A.P, took a hiatus from musical activities and did not participate in the promotions of this album due to health reasons.
Guaraldi biographer and historian Derrick Bang commented, "All in all, this is an engaging album, if in the old Big Band style."
Worranit started her acting career in 2014 through Channel Bang for the drama Rukjing Pinker as Bew.
Starting from the premise that epistemological orientations impact memory organization, ecological reasoning, and the perceptions of humans in nature, Bang and her colleagues examined how students navigate multiple beliefs in community-based science education.
I’m not as nerdy as the Big Bang Theory guys are, but I was very much into comics when I was in my twenties".
Prasertsuwan was born in Bang Pla Ma District, Suphan Buri Province, on 13 April 1919, to parents, Chuang (mother) and Lang (father) Suwanhong.
He was elected to the Suphan Buri provincial council, representing Bang Pla Ma district, four times.
The 2006 end-of-year Tests began with a bang for Los Pumas, as they handed  a 25–18 defeat at Twickenham, resulting in the fans booing the England team off the pitch.
Kryklia was rescheduled to defend the ONE Light Heavyweight Kickboxing World Championship against Murat Aygün at ONE Championship: Big Bang on December 4, 2020.
In the publishing house, works by authors such as Jane Austen, Herman Bang, Tania Blixen, Elizabeth Gaskell, Eduard von Keyserling, Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis, Nizami Ganjavi, Italo Svevo, and Jun'ichirō Tanizaki were published.
Since then he has co-hosted a MMA/Boxing podcast called Morning Kombat with Luke Thomas and Brian Campbell (The King of Connecticut, The one and only BBC and former driver of the Bang Bus).
His early tenants during his ownership included the physician Frederik Ludvig Bang who lived in the building from 1812 to 1814 and the composer, conductor and violinist Claus Schall, who lived in the building from 1822 to 1824
After recovering from his wounds, Faulques saw action in the Battle of RC 4, when he was placed in command of the training platoon of 1er BEP, which lost nearly 80% of its force during the evacuation of Cao Bang in September and October 1950.
Peter Georg Bang, Prime minister (1854–1855), Council president (1855–1856)
Balakrishnan (born 1914), famous as Purasu Balakrishnnan, author of The Big Bang & Brahma's day and Glimpses of Kalidasa
 Big Bang Pro Wrestling (2001, SNK, Neo Geo Pocket Color)
New York Excelsior's Bang "JJonak" Sung-hyeon was named the 2018 season's most valuable player.
Jax Malcolm (born July 12, 2003) is an American actor, singer and competitive swimmer who is best known for his roles in Kroll Show, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, The Birthday Boys and Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, and for voicing Oliver in The Other Side of the Door.
His first acting credits include roles in the 2010 film Dark Crossing and the TV shows Redeeming Dave, Comedy Bang!
Bang The Drum – 	2:46
In 205 BC, when the Han army invaded Western Wei, Wei Bao surrendered to Liu Bang and joined him in attacking Xiang Yu.
Liu Bang then sent Han Xin and Cao Shen to lead his forces to attack Wei Bao.
In 204 BC, during the Battle of Xingyang, Liu Bang left Wei Bao to defend Xingyang.
 May 12: The Big Bang Theory (season 10) on Jack TV
Among other roles, she has dubbed Penny in The Big Bang Theory for Czech television audiences.
It has been expanding ever since the Big Bang.
Wat Bang Kung () is an ancient temple in Samut Songkhram, Thailand.
Somdet Phra Chao Yu Hua Phra Thi Nang Suriyat Amarin (King of Ayutthaya) commanded navy encamped and build the wall around Wat Bang Kung in the middle of the camp as a spirit center for soldiers.
Burmese troops moved along Maeklong river until they found Bang Kung Camp.
In 1767, after King Taksin the Great (King of Thonburi) regained the country's independence, he commanded the Chinese from Rayong, Chon Buri, Ratchaburi, and Kanchanaburi to form a guard to protect the camp and called it Bang Kung Chinese Camp.
In 1768, Burmese troops led by Burmese king of Angwa ordered army and navy to besiege Bang Kung Chinese camp again.
Maren Elisabeth Bang (1797–1884) was a Norwegian cookbook writer who wrote the first printed Norwegian cookbook Huusholdnings-Bog, indrettet efter den almindelige Brug i norske Huusholdninger in 1831.
In 1817, she married Lieutenant Lauritz Christian Steen Bang who from 1829 to 1839 was imprisoned for embezzlement while working at Norges Bank in Christiania (now Oslo).
While he was in prison, Maren Bang earned a living by selling meals, which she either delivered herself or sold from home.
In 1849, the couple moved to Kristiansand where Lieutenant Bang ran a restaurant until his death in 1862.
Bang spent her later years in Kristiania where she died of gastroenteritis on 3 July 1884.
The members should believe in the "Bell" and that the Universe begun with a "Big Bong", which took place before the Big Bang.
They occasionally hear strange noises in the house; one night they hear a loud bang in their living room, which contains a piano that came with the house.
Why's debut six-track extended play, I was Deliciously Wired, was released in June 2010 on the Bang Gang label.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer, fifth (and last) on its timeslot and seventh for the night behind CMA Country Christmas, Lucifer, Timeless, a rerun of Kevin Can Wait, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, and The Voice.
The Big Bang Theory—Renewed for a twelfth and final season on March 20, 2017.
That same year, the new fashion label's products were integrated in the marketing efforts of the album Jung, brutal, gutaussehend, with rappers Kollegah and Farid Bang presenting the label's products in their music videos, press photos, and on pictures in the album's booklet.
So far, MoTrip, Marteria, Farid Bang, KC Rebell, Schwesta Ewa, 257ers, Favorite, Joko Winterscheidt, Klaas Heufer-Umlauf, and Micaela Schäfer had appearances with the product.
Herojuana is a collaborative extended play by American horrorcore rappers Bang Belushi and King Gordy from underground hip hop group the Fat Killahz.
or  (as in bang, pang, gangster, angler, etc.)
He was born in Årstad to engineer Joackim Waldemar Bang and Hanna Hermansen.
He is a one fourth part of the Fat Killahz (with Marv Won, Bang Belushi and King Gordy) and one half of Twin Towers (with Marv Won).
2018 - The Adventures of Bang Belushi
He is a member of underground hip hop group the Fat Killahz (with Fatt Father, Bang Belushi and King Gordy) and rap duo Twin Towers (with Fatt Father).
Anton Christian Bang wrote in 1909 that "[Augustinussen's] party comrades among the Uelandian farmer opposition considered him to be among their most prudent and trusted men."
Arne Bergsgård has characterized Augustinussen's early radicalism as "extremely yellow", and in a later letter to Bang, Augustinussen spoke very negatively about what he called "Jaabækianism" and "Sverdrupianism".
Bang mentions that the folk song Astøings-visen was later published in Tromsø at M. Urdal's publishing house, "printed from a very erroneous transcript".
His other son Ivar became a teacher and was, since the time of his confirmation, a close friend of future bishop and minister Anton Christian Bang.
In addition to the article in Friend of the common people, which Bang refers to, Augustinussen was also profiled in The home's and worker's friend on 13 February 1890 after his death, and also in Helgeland's Tidings no.4 1889.
 Jette Bang (1914–1964), Danish photographer and filmmaker
"Fxxk It" () is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Big Bang promoted the song with live performances on the music program Inkigayo throughout the month following its release.
"Fxxk It" was written by YG Entertainment producer Teddy Park alongside Big Bang members G-Dragon and T.O.P, whilst production was handled by the first two contributors alongside R. Tee.
Writing for Billboard, Tamar Herman ranked the track number seven in the magazine's list of ten best Big Bang songs, saying that it "incorporates the best of the quintet: strong vocals, dramatic raps, and quirky beats".
Ethan R. Siegel is an American theoretical astrophysicist and science writer, who studies the Big Bang theory.
 Starts With a Bang monthly podcasts
"There was a huge bang after the plane hit the mountainside and caught fire".
However, it still has plenty bang for your buck."
Even if the singularity of the Big Bang can be omitted from the mathematical models, many other singularities remain ubiquitous in the history of the universe.
written with Brian Cox (2009) is a popular science book exploring Einstein's Theory of relativity and what it means in relation to topics such as the Big Bang and the Large Hadron Collider.
"Last Dance" is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
"Last Dance" was written by Big Bang members G-Dragon, T.O.P and, Taeyang with the production being done by G-Dragon and Jeon Yong Jun, and the arrangement made by Seo Won Jin and 24.
Benjamin also felt  that the single "reads like a love letter", demonstrating the close connection between Big Bang and their fans.
"Girlfriend" is a song recorded by South Korean group Big Bang.
"Girlfriend" was written by YG producer Teddy with Big Bang members G-Dragon and T.O.P.
On December 15, 2016, it was announced that the series would premiere as a "special preview" on February 2, 2017, following The Big Bang Theory and premiered for its regular Monday at 9:00 p.m. timeslot on February 6, 2017.
Because Lu Jia liked the cake, Zhao Tuo gave him many cakes to bring back to Liu Bang.
German rappers Kay One, Kollegah and Farid Bang reached the number-one position for the first time with "Señorita" and "Sturmmaske auf (Intro)".
Numerous consulates were established here, and Charoen Krung Road, completed in 1864, was built to serve the area, which is now known as Bang Rak.
The band recruited friend and Big Bang Theory actor Johnny Galecki to join them on stage to close the show.
The building later came to serve as headquarters of the Marine Police Division, and then residences for staff of the Bang Rak Fire Station.
He has also written extensively on the works of artists such as Jean Dubuffet, Jean Tinguely, Pierre Alechinsky, , Vladimir Veličković, Coco Téxèdre, , , Anne and Patrick Poirier, , , Henri Cueco, Christian Boltanski, Leonardo Cremonini, Bang Hai Ja.…
First Live Concert: The Real is the first live album of South Korean boy band Big Bang, released by YG Entertainment on February 8, 2007.
Smith started off his senior campaign in 2018 with a bang, rushing for a (then) career-high 156 yards against New Mexico State in a 48–10 victory.
The novel tells in a rather light way the embarkation and the cruise on the adviso Roncevaux of a king of the kingdom of Sikar (Indochina peninsula), his majesty Pharnavong, his prime minister Prince Ploum, his first mandarin Bang and his three younger wives.
A third single; My Heart Goes Bang (Get Me to the Doctor) (vs. Miss Dusty 'O') a Dead Or Alive cover, was released later that year.
It also has songs written by the band, such as Murder which had been released as a radio edit on the My Heart Goes Bang single.
Just over a month removed from her last bout, Phogat faced Jomary Torres at ONE Championship: Big Bang on 4 December 2020.
| ONE Championship: Big Bang
20 August – Karin Bang, novelist (b.
Cheap Eats is an original food travelogue television series on Cooking Channel where host and co-executive producer Ali Khan, author of the blog Bang for Your Burger Buck, has 12 hours to find the best deals  for breakfast, lunch, a snack, and dinner — on a budget of only $35.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer, third on its timeslot and eight for the night behind Lucifer, Scorpion, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, Man with a Plan, 2 Broke Girls, Kevin Can Wait, and The Bachelor.
 John Shaffner – The Big Bang Theory (for "The Positive Negative Reaction", "The Big Bear Precipitation", "The Fermentation Bifurcation")
In: Bang, Jørgen Christian and Jørgen Døør (eds) Language, Ecology and Society.
 Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello (album by Cheap Trick)  Producer and writer
"Queer Rebels" Program (love bang!
"Transtastic" film shorts program (love bang!
Asian American Festival Favorites (love bang!
screened) April 30, 2013OVEE TV, national platformcurated by Kar Yin Tham, Center for Asian American Media (CAAM) featuring Lobster Shmobster (Dave Quion & Kyle Ross /USA/2 minutes/2004); The Others (Aram Siu Wai Collier/USA/9 minutes/2009); love bang!
"Việt Lê: Love Bang! "
Participating in his first rally-raid at the age of 17, Sella kicked off 2017 with a bang, taking home the overall victory in the bikes’ category at the Africa Eco Race, winning five stages and holding off two-time race winner Pål Anders Ullevålseter who finished second overall.
 Park Eun-young as Bang Mal-nyun, woman who called police
 Kwon Yul as Bang Je-soo (Ep.14)
The top selling and renting tape of the year was Shock, although it was tied in the best-selling category with World's Biggest Gang Bang 2.
 1979 - Renate Rubinstein Niets te verliezen en toch bang
Tamar Herman of Billboard wrote that the "melodic, surging chorus and some rapid-fire rap" of "Lies" placed Big Bang "down the path into the realm of avant-garde experimentalism that they've become known for over the past few years" and called one of South Korea's "most memorable songs."
"Lies" is recognized as the song "that made Big Bang who they are today", the ground for the following releases of the group, and the "decisive moment" that influenced K-pop idols to produce their own music by themselves.
Sun-Times also included "Lies" in their unranked list of ten best Big Bang songs.
With the release of their first extended play, Always in 2007, Big Bang began to experiment more with their sound, moving away from their original hip hop roots, and experimenting with electronic music and dance music.
KpopStarz noted that the single included "some of the clubbiest sounds seen from Big Bang up until this point".
Reception for "Last Farewell" was positive, with Tamar Herman of Billboard ranking it at number nine in the magazine's list of ten best Big Bang songs, writing that the single "hits all the right notes to be quintessential K-pop song: catchy chorus, swoon-worthy crooning, and a pump-up dance beat."
Park Hyo-jae from The Chosun Ilbo praised its "addictive chorus" and "sophisticated electronic sound", commenting that the song being written by a member of the group set Big Bang apart from the other idols.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer, third on its timeslot and sixth for the night behind The Odd Couple, Lucifer, a rerun of Kevin Can Wait, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, and The Bachelor.
Billy Bang (Co – produced w/ Bradd Young)
 Best Gang Bang Tape: 30 Men for Sandy 
"Spanish Rose" is a song written by Van Morrison that was written and recorded for Bang Records owner and producer Bert Berns and released on his 1967 album Blowin' Your Mind!
"Spanish Rose" was written and recorded for Bang Records owner and producer Bert Berns on 29 March 1967.
It has also been re-released on several Morrison compilation albums, including The Essential Van Morrison in 2015 as well as many compilations covering the Bang Records sessions.
A Japanese version of the song was included in their third Greatest Hits album The Best of Big Bang (2011) and in the Japanese version of Alive (2012).
With the release of their first EP Always (2007), Big Bang began to incorporate a range of different genre into their music, moving away from their original hip hop roots.
"Haru Haru" deepened the "Big Bang style" of music that had its breakthrough with "Lies."
Sun-Times included "Haru Haru" in their list of the best Big Bang songs,  calling the track "an enduring anthem for the band."
 9 December – Claes Bang wins the award for Best Actor at the 30th European Film Awards.
On Television, Cardarople has appeared on shows such as NCIS: LA, New Girl, NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service, Angie Tribeca, Scrubs, Ray Donovan, You're The Worst, Comedy Bang!
Bang!, Selfie and Chasing Life.
Let's Talk About Love is the second extended play (EP) by Korean singer Seungri, member of Big Bang, on August 19, 2013 it was released as an EP in South Korea, while on October 9 of the same year a Japanese version was released with 14 tracks.
Korean singer Seungri began his career as the main dancer and vocalist of the Korean hip hop group Big Bang.
Today, the largest centre of ngob production lies in Bang Pahan District in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, where it is a well known OTOP product in many villages.
Ngob from Bang Pahan are sold all over the country.
1 (1906) Herman Bang - Ich bitte euch (Woldemar Kolpytschew)
Relief stemware set named Harmony was presented in an American sitcom from the world of young physicists, The Big Bang Theory.
 Ferienheim Bergkristall - Gäste, Gauner und Gespenster (as Kitty Bang, 2007-2008, Komödie Dresden)
Portrayed by Choi Da-eun and Bang Joon-su in the 2012 MBC TV Series God of War.
Syndicated programs broadcast by KYCW-LD include Family Guy, Castle, and The Big Bang Theory.
 The Big Bang Theory - Season 9, Episode 20 "The Big Bear Precipitation"
Entertainment along the 1.5-mile route included the Flash Bang Band and Misty Krewe of Nimbus.
The song was released as his first official single and was later included as bonus track on the albums: 2010 Big Show Live Album (2010), fourth live album of his group Big Bang and GD & TOP (2010), first studio album of his hip hop duo GD & TOP.
It is named after A. S. Bang, who posed it as a problem in 1897.
He is a member of the South Korean K-Pop group Big Bang.
As the plans for the group transitioned to a more traditional Korean idol group, RM recalls he felt like he was living a "counterfeit life" but remained in the group as CEO Bang Si-hyuk promised RM he could make music he himself had written, not music others had written.
Delight is the first Japanese extended play of South Korean artist, Daesung, also known by his Japanese stage name, D-Lite, member and lead vocalist of boy band Big Bang.
This is the discography of South Korean singer Daesung, who debuted as a member of the boy band Big Bang in 2006.
{{cquote|Zan Zuo Xiang Gui Yue, Jing Bang Ren Lü Heng.
 Carolina Bang as Psiquiatra (psychiatrist)
"Bad Boy" is a single by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
A Japanese version of the song was included at the Japanese studio albums Alive and The Best of Big Bang 2006-2014.
It reached 100 million views on YouTube on December of 2016, making Big Bang the first Korean boy band to have five music videos that have hit over 100 million viewers.
1992 Bang & Olufsen’s Music Prize.
 Maren Elisabeth Bang (1797–1884), Norwegian cookbook writer
"Hitman" Bang, RM, Suga, Adora, Arlissa Ruppert, Peter Ibsen, and Pdogg are credited as songwriters on "Spring Day", with the latter of the seven solely handling production.
The remix has identical songwriting credits to the original version, though "Hitman" Bang serves as the producer.
The song was written by "Hitman" Bang, RM, Supreme Boi, June, and Pdogg, with the latter of the five also handling production.
Dudley and Roadkill delivered a Buggy Bang and Acid Drop combination on Hamrick for the win.
Doring and Roadkill delivered a Buggy Bang to York for the win.
The theatre, named "BNK48 the Campus", is located on the fourth floor of The Mall Bang Kapi, occupying a 1,000-m2 area.
Since the end of the Twentieth century, the most widely accepted cosmologies have been built on the foundations of the ΛCDM model which, in turn, is founded on the bedrock of the Big Bang cosmologies of the 1960s and 1970s.
In the simplest terms, ΛCDM adds dark energy (Λ) and cold dark matter (CDM) to the Big Bang in order to explain the major features of the universe we observe today.
These objects might range from 10−2 to 105 solar masses, or higher, depending on the details of the applicable cosmology and the extent of possible post-Big Bang merger.
At the end of the Hong Bang era, the Qin began expanding to the south, invading the lands of the Bách Việt clans.
The species was less than 140 years old at the time of discovery in 2011; its discoverer, Mario Vallejo-Marin of the University of Stirling, compared finding it to "looking at the big bang in the first milliseconds of its occurrence".
Additionally he is a guest performer at The Big Bang Dueling Piano Bar in Columbus Ohio.
The book was preceded by George's Secret Key to the Universe in 2007, George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt in 2009, George and the Big Bang in 2011 and George and the Unbreakable Code in 2014.
Ryan Bang as Passerby
He is best known for his starring roles as Sheldon Cooper in Young Sheldon, a prequel to The Big Bang Theory, and Ziggy Chapman in Big Little Lies.
In 2017, Armitage was cast as Sheldon Cooper as a child in Young Sheldon, a prequel to the sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 Big Bang Larissa / Caso 74 by Cristian M. Teodorescu, Future Fiction, Mincione Edizioni 2014
Bang Jun-yeong (born 10 October 1965) is a South Korean butterfly swimmer.
With The Jazz Doctors (Billy Bang, Frank Lowe, Dennis Charles)
The Broncos began the MAC season with a bang, blowing out Ball State 55–3.
This episode, exploring theories of how the universe came into being, outlines the realisation of Edwin Hubble that the universe is expanding, and the discovery of the residual radiation that gave weight to the Big Bang theory.
It also highlights some lesser known theorists including Georges Lemaître, who first theorised that there was a big bang, Ralph Alpher, who stated that the light from this should be detectable, and Cecilia Payne, who calculated that hydrogen and helium were the dominant elements in the universe.
The episode concludes at the Large Hadron Collider, where physicists create matter in a similar manner to the Big Bang.
 Marc Wallice, T. T. Boy, Ashlyn Gere; Realities 2 Danyel Cheeks, Jim Sparks, Joey Silvera, John Stagliano, Woody Long; the anal gang bang, Butt Freak
Willumsen (relief, 1900), Herman Bang (bronze, 1904) and Ludvig Brandstrup (1922).
The album was recorded in Copenhagen on the Bang & Olufsen label and released in 1999.
In 2017, ALMA observed it and detected a small quantity of dust (the most distant stardust to date) and the first signature of Oxygen emitting light only 600 million years after the Big Bang.
The series, set in the late 1980s and early 1990s, is a spin-off prequel to The Big Bang Theory and begins with the character Sheldon Cooper at the age of nine, living with his family in East Texas and going to high school.
Development of the prequel series began in November 2016, from an initial idea that Parsons passed along to The Big Bang Theory producers.
In The Big Bang Theory, it is stated that George Cooper Sr. will pass away when Sheldon is 14 years old in 1995.
He later drops out of school to work full-time and eventually discovers a talent for sales and becomes wealthy from it (as revealed in The Big Bang Theory).
Tang had previously played the character Mandy Chao in an episode of The Big Bang Theory.
Newhart reprises his portrayal of the character from The Big Bang Theory.
Watson also plays a nurse named Althea in numerous episodes of The Big Bang Theory, including its pilot.
In November 2016, it was reported that CBS was in negotiations to create a spin-off of The Big Bang Theory centered on Sheldon Cooper as a young boy.
Young Sheldon began airing weekly episodes on CBS from November 2, 2017, after The Big Bang Theory.
 2017 Road Trip - Bang on a Can 
Native has been awarded for developing innovative products and services across multiple industries for clients including ABinBev, Audi, Bang & Olufsen, Baxter, BBC, Bentley, Bowers & Wilkins, Canal Plus, Coloplast, Ford, Glue, HP, Illumina, Microsoft, Nespresso, Novo Nordisk, Pernod Ricard, SFR, Santander and Veon.
Hashimoto's first opponent in Qingdao was Bang Gui-man of Korea.
However, despite both being level with three shidos each, Bang was penalised for the fourth time and awarded hansoku make, bringing Hashimoto through to his second fight.
D-Day is the second Japanese extended play of South Korean artist, Daesung, also known by his Japanese stage name, D-Lite, member of boy band Big Bang.
The plan called for a series of battalion sized operations around Bau Bang west of Highway 13, north of Lai Khê, where the Viet Cong 272nd Regiment of the 9th Division was believed to be operating.
Jang Hyuk-jin as Bang Eun-ho
the Viet Cong (VC) 9th Division attacked a night defensive position of the United States 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment (2/2nd Infantry) at a small village (ấp) by the name of Bàu Bàng, 25 km north of Thủ Dầu Một.
The main target would be the central American unit located just south of the village of Bau Bang, with the main assault by the 272nd Regiment supported by mortars and recoilless rifles and elements of the 271st Regiment.
Air strikes by United States Air Force A-1Hs and United States Navy A-4s were directed against the VC mortars and recoilless rifles positioned in and around Bau Bang.
I wish they were a little tougher than that, so we could beat and bang and keep going."
Sarunyoo Wongkrachang  or spelt Sarunyu Wongkrachang  (Thai: ศรัณยู วงษ์กระจ่าง; nickname: Tua–ตั้ว; October 17, 1960 in Bang Khonthi District, Samut Songkhram Province, Thailand – June 10, 2020), was a Thai actor, singer, host, activist, screenwriter, director and producer.
Sarunyoo was born in Kradangnga, Bang Khonthi District, Samut Songkhram, Thailand.
 26 – Inger Bang Lund, pianist and composer (born 1876).
21 – Jan Bang, musician and record producer.
While Big Bang Bar was ready first, Flipper Football was considered more marketable, especially in Europe, and was moved ahead in the production queue.
While Big Bang Bar and Kingpin were finished and ready neither would enter full production by the time the company would shut down.
No objections were ever filed in response to the Illinois Pinball production of the Big Bang Bar games.
The selected projects were funded by Beakerhead and built in Calgary over the course of a year, beginning with a weeklong planning residency hosted at Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity.The inaugural Big Bang Residency was awarded to the BASS SHIP by Beama.
The film was cited by author Derrick Bang as an example of a genre of spy movies derived from James Bond.
San Francisco Chronicles review was entitled "Schumer’s comic genius on full display in Netflix special" in which David Wiegand described The Leather Special as "an hour of hilarious, raunchy comedy", praising Schumer's "timing, her way of landing a punch line with a bang, so to speak, and then tossing a little afterword over her shoulder".
This tells us about the physics which was most important in the first few moments after the Big Bang.
 Battle of Bang Rajan 
On March 31, 2017, while she was carrying sinter fines (iron ore) across the South Atlantic Ocean from the Vale  terminal , near Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to China, a loud bang was heard and the ship suddenly began listing.
 Andrea Bang (from Kim's Convenience) and Mark McMorris (Canadian Olympic Snowboarder) — Presented R&B/Soul Recording of The Year
The song marks the first time that Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood had been in the studio together for seven years, since the recording of their last album, A Bigger Bang.
The show is currently hosted by Vice Ganda, Anne Curtis, Vhong Navarro, Jhong Hilario, Karylle, Ryan Bang, Ogie Alcasid, Amy Perez, Jugs Jugueta and Teddy Corpuz.
 The Big Bang Theory3 wins
On the episode, Mealing commented, "It starts with a bang and the excitement and high drama continue right to the end."
Sae Rojanadis (complete title Chao Chom Manda Sae  ) was the Royal Highness Consort of King Chulalongkorn and daughter of Phraya Abbhantrikamat (Dis Rojanadis) and Bang Rojanadis.
Episode 1 takes Hawking from black holes to the Big Bang, Saturn to Santa Barbara, California.
With this rating, Gotham ranked first for FOX, beating APB, fourth on its timeslot and fourth for the night behind a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, Dancing with the Stars, and The Voice.
It covered topics like the Big Bang, building blocks of life, genes,  senses, and universe.
 Liu Shan Bang – Sarawak Chinese historical warrior
Pan-European magazine Music & Media wrote, "When the Euro president pushes the red button, you'll hear a big bang which clatters like a speeded up bassline from Jacko's Billy Jean with souped-up Giorgio Moroder computer disco."
His real-life blog Quantum Diaries was recognized on the television show The Big Bang Theory and served as a plot point for the episode.
It is the band's first studio album since 2005's Big Bang Theory and their first release of original material since 2003's Cyclorama.
Chapuis, Oscar (1995), A history of Vietnam: from Hong Bang to Tu Duc, Greenwood Publishing Group, 
The human flesh of the victims was laid scattered on roads and bang of explosion was heard in three kilometer radius.
 Bang Eun-hee as Jang Ae-nok
The starting point of Hui River is the ancient Honggou Canal (鸿沟), which has a great historical significance because it was the border between territories controlled by Liu Bang and Xiang Yu during the Chu-Han Contention (206 - 202 BCE).
The question is posed totally and comprehensively rather than concerning reasoning for the existence of anything specific, such as the universe or multiverse, the Big Bang, God, mathematical and physical laws, time or consciousness.
It has a total land area of  63 rai (ไร่) and is located along Puttabucha Road, Bang Mod, Thung Kru district.
The tour listed on Pollstars year end list, on the Top 200 North American Tours, G-Dragon ranked at number 154 and earned $7.9 million from eight shows, making him the second Korean artist to enter the chart, after his band Big Bang.
 Bang Eun-hee as Home shopping model
Jeff Benjamin of Billboard K-Town said that Blackpink "embraces the hip-hop sensibilities and club-ready sounds with which their seniors gained an international following", referring to their labelmates Psy, Big Bang and 2NE1, with the song's "booming" and "exotic beats".
The music video for "Boombayah" was directed by Seo Hyun-seung, who had previously directed the music videos for "I Am the Best" by 2NE1 and "Fantastic Baby" by Big Bang.
The music videos of "Playing with Fire" was directed by Seo Hyun-seung and "Stay" was directed by Han Sa-min, who had previously directed the music videos of "Gotta Be You" by 2NE1 and "Sober" by Big Bang.
It was released on April 28, 2017 by Legacy Recordings on the Bang label.
Disc 2: Bang Sessions & Rarities 
Bang Records compilation albums
Herrera became aware of the Big Bang theory in the 1990s; in 1992 scientists witnessed through a telescope what they thought was a universe coming into existence.
This movie brings forth the legend of Annavaru'' in an inspiring role through portraits, movie posters, scenes and songs featuring him smack bang in the middle throughout this humorous yet sensible Kannada release.
Rugby School Thailand (Thai: โรงเรียนนานาชาติรักบี้) (RST) is a private co-educational British international school in Bang Lamung District, Chonburi, Thailand.
The adventures of a grandfather and children in field trips to Wat Pho, National Gallery, Bang Lamphu, Amphawa and Spirit Cave at Pang Mapha and attempts to instill appreciation of the arts and their native roots were the main themes in the two books.
It was written by "Hitman" Bang, Kim Do-hoon, RM, Suga, J-Hope, and Pdogg, with the latter of the six solely handling production.
The song was written by "Hitman" Bang, Kim Do-hoon, RM, Suga, J-Hope, and its producer Pdogg.
With this rating, Gotham ranked second for FOX, behind Lucifer but beating Lucifer in the 18-49 demographics, fourth on its timeslot and ninth for the night behind a rerun of Kevin Can Wait, The Wall, two reruns of The Big Bang Theory, Man with a Plan, Scorpion, Dancing with the Stars, and The Voice.
Sinum had 2 sons named Jeab Chenyim and Jack Chenyim Sinum's outstanding work was Bang Rak Soi 9 He played the role of A-Tu, husband of Na-Yao and father of Pang and Pik.
Together with two of his brothers, who were already employed at the Bang & Olufsen plant, Niels Christian Madsen started experiments to develop the required components.
Krachang, a Thai Chinese of Teochew descent, was born in 1913 in Bang Khla District, Chachoengsao Province.
Medal for Films and Entertainment: The Big Bang Theory
Supplier: Bang Sports / Club Sponsor: front: Renault, APM Terminals, Moroccan Airports Authority, Tanger-Med ; back: Valencia ; short: RCI Finance Maroc / League Sponsor: front: Maroc Telecom.
"Love Song" is a single by South Korean group Big Bang.
It was released on April 8, 2011 by YG Entertainment, as the lead single for their album Big Bang Special Edition (2011), a repackaged version of the extended play (EP) Tonight released earlier on February 23, 2011.
"Tonight" (Korean: 투나잇; RR: Toonait) is a song by South Korean boy group Big Bang released on February 23, 2011, through YG Entertainment as the only single from the quintet's fourth extended play of the same name after a two-year hiatus.
Following a two-year hiatus where members explored and experimented with different sounds, Big Bang returned to South Korea with their 2011 Big Show concert, showcasing songs from the then-unreleased EP.
Rangsiroj Panpeng or Ek Rangsiroj (; born: September 13, 1974 in Amphoe Bang Ban, Ayutthaya Province) is a Thai actor under Channel 7.
The citation dynamics is usually described by the bang, that take place 2–3 years after the work has been published, and the burst size spans several orders of magnitude.
Reviewing Kelly's interview with Russian president Vladimir Putin, Lorraine Ali of Los Angeles Times wrote that Kelly "tried to deliver something substantive in under 10 minutes, and it wound up making her coming-out party more of a fizzle than a bang."
But here, the jokes aren’t good enough to sustain the premise, the character elements are perfunctory and sparse, and, as has been the case for a few years in a row now, the season finale has seemed less like an attempt to go out with a bang, and more like an afterthought."
He has performed with leading musicians including Jan Bang, Bill Frisell, David Toop, Ernst Reijseger, The Smith Quartet, Hayden Chisholm, Eivind Aarset, Caoimhín Ó Raghallaigh, Ronan Guilfoyle, Iarla O'Lionaird, Valgeir Sigurðsson, Damo Suzuki and The Gloaming.
Other Korean eunuchs in the Yuan included Go Yongbo and Bang Sin-u .
Claes Kasper Bang (; born 28 April 1967) is a Danish actor and musician.
During his third year at high school, Bang participated in the musical Hair which sparked his interest in acting, and after he left school, he continued to do amateur theatre.
After leaving the theatre in 2004, Bang bought the rights to the work so he could perform the monologue at other theatres.
Bang starred in numerous Danish television series and films early in his career.
In November 2018, Bang was cast to play Count Dracula in the BBC mini-series Dracula, created by the film-makers involved in Sherlock.
On 14 April 2020, it was announced that Bang would be working on the pilot of Little Room (previously called The Agoraphobics Detective Society), which was produced by Maggie Montieth and directed/written by his Dracula co-star Dolly Wells, with Suzi Ewing and Heidi Greensmith.
Bang and the other cast members filmed themselves from home on Zoom, and were responsible for the props, wardrobe, hair and makeup, and sound.
Bang writes and composes the songs himself, and his musical style can be described as a mix of Gangway, Pet Shop Boys and Depeche Mode.
Music videos and album art for This Is Not America are produced with help from his wife Lis Kasper Bang, née Louis-Jensen, who does the filming and photography.
Bang chose the alias This Is Not America to circumvent DR's policy of not broadcasting tracks by actors, and to prevent his acting career from influencing how people perceive his music.
While filming The Square, Bang discovered that co-star and musician Marina Schiptjenko shared the same taste in music, so he showed her some of his music and sent her a few demos.
Bang met stylist and photographer Lis Louis-Jensen in 2006 while they were both working on the play Den grønne elevator at Kanonhalløj in 2006.
Louis-Jensen proposed to Bang on New Year's Eve 2007, and they got married on 25 September 2010 on a canal boat in Copenhagen.
Arden St. Ives series How to Bang a Billionaire (2017)
Jófríður has collaborated with Low Roar, Lapalux, Daníel Bjarnason, Damien Rice, Aaron Roche, Nini Julia Bang, Sin Fang, Birnir, Max Sokolinski, Kreld, Aves, Örvar Smárason, Strange Boy, and Penelope Trappes.
Lee Han-wi as Bang Sung-woo
Ryan Bang as Chot
Bang Jun-ho as Birthmark 
Lindenwood–Belleville's second season started with a bang, as the team hired Katherine Hannah as its new head coach.
In 2007, he appeared in KM Idol War with Big Bang.
On February 14, 2017, it was announced that Big Bang will hold fan meetings in Japan from the end of May to early June.
Claflin’s grandson, Chris Kasten, pitched the idea at the University of California, Davis' Graduate School of Management's 2003 Big Bang!
For much of the 1990s he worked with Myra Melford, and also worked in that decade with Muhal Richard Abrams, Michael Marcus, Roy Campbell, Wilber Morris, Don Pullen, Billy Bang, Charles Gayle, Leroy Jenkins, Thomas Chapin, Reuben Wilson, and Jim Nolet.
The Japan Dome Tour “X” was the fifth concert tour in Japan and eighth overall by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
Soon after, it was announced that the music video for "Sua Cara" would be shot in Morocco, with production by Bruno Ilogti and Giovanni Bianco; Both worked with Anitta on her 2015 album Bang.
Bang Eun-hee as Yoon Mi-na (55-years-old)
Due to the provocative nature of "Bullshit", many observers have speculated that the sudden change was made due to Big Bang bandmate T.O.P's ongoing marijuana scandal and drug overdose, which occurred a few days prior and required T.O.P having to be hospitalized.
 The Big Bang Theory (Episode: "The Electric Can Opener Fluctuation") (CBS)
 The Big Bang Theory (Episode: "The Adhesive Duck Deficiency") (CBS)
"They christened me 'Gelignite Jack' after the big bang in the tin outhouse at Townsville Showground", he is quoted as saying.
Bang Wong is the creative director of the Broad Institute at MIT and Harvard University.
The album's illustrations were drawn by Bang Sang-ho.
The band stated that the album is "pretty varied" and that they wanted to "come out with a big bang," which is why they chose "Yuk Foo" as the first track to be released, adding that the rest of the album is "pretty different to that."
Her most notable work includes her role in web series Bang Baaja Baaraat.
In 2015, she was offered the female lead in a web series by Y-Films, titled Bang Baaja Baarat in which she essayed the role of a spunky, feisty, young independent girl.
 The Big Bang Fair
G-Dragon toured extensively from 2015 to 2016 with his band Big Bang to promote their third Korean album Made (2016),[105][106]  After promotional activities wrapped up, G-Dragon began preparing for his comeback, having been almost four years since his last solo release.
However, after a controversy involving his fellow Big Bang member, T.O.P, G-Dragon serviced "Untitled, 2014" to radio instead.
Sala Daeng Subdistrict in Bang Nam Priao District, Cha Choeng Sao Province
Birthplace of Krai Thong; Bang Kruai, Nonthaburi.
He had also made appearances on several variety shows alongside the boy bands Big Bang and SS501.
Un filo rosso dal Big Bang alla vita, Bologna, Zanichelli, 2010, .
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and thirteenth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Wife Swap, Community, Parks and Recreation, The Office, Glee, Elementary, Person of Interest, Scandal, American Idol, Grey's Anatomy, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and twelfth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Wipeout, Community, Elementary, Glee, The Office, Person of Interest, American Idol, Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, Two and a Half Men, and The Big Bang Theory.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked second on its timeslot and ninth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Wipeout, Rookie Blue, a Person of Interest rerun, Does Someone Have to Go?, Motive, a Two and a Half Men rerun, Hell's Kitchen, and a The Big Bang Theory rerun.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and tenth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Does Someone Have to Go?, an Elementary rerun, Wipeout, Motive, Rookie Blue, a Person of Interest rerun, Mike & Molly, Hell's Kitchen, and a The Big Bang Theory rerun.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and eighth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind an Elementary rerun, Does Someone Have to Go?, Jimmy Kimmel Live: Game Night, a Two and a Half Men rerun, a The Big Bang Theory rerun, Hell's Kitchen, and the seventh game of the 2013 NBA Finals.
Game Night, a The Odd Couple rerun, a The Big Bang Theory rerun, and the first game of the 2015 NBA Finals.
Nick McHatton of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 4 star rating out of 5 and wrote, "Hannibal Season 3 didn't exactly start of with a bang as it did last year, but I'm intrigued enough by what we were shown (and what we weren't shown) to have enjoyed the premiere fully."
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and eleventh for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind an the 2015 U.S. Open Golf, Aquarius, Elementary rerun, Mistresses, a The Odd Couple rerun, a Mom rerun, The Astronaut Wives Club, a Mike & Molly rerun, Dateline NBC, and a The Big Bang Theory rerun.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and twelfth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Aquarius, Mistresses, Boom!, Food Fighters, Rookie Blue, The Astronaut Wives Club, Wayward Pines, a Mom rerun, Under the Dome, a The Big Bang Theory rerun, and Big Brother.
With these ratings, Hannibal ranked third on its timeslot and twelfth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Aquarius, Boom!, Rookie Blue, Mistresses, The Astronaut Wives Club, Food Fighters, Wayward Pines, Under the Dome, a Mom rerun, a The Big Bang Theory rerun, and Big Brother.
The mission originally rented premises in the area of Bang Kho Laem District, but was soon gifted a piece land on the bank of the Chao Phraya, next to the Portuguese Consulate, by King Mongkut.
Kitbamrung was prosecuted for "rebellion against the kingdom" and imprisoned in Bang Khwang prison.
Akiho's interest and confidence in going in the direction of music composition was influenced by him doing the Bang on a Can Summer Festivals in 2007 and 2008.
The band continued to record for Bang Records until 1982.
The producer, Manfred Eicher had the idea of this quartet with a Deutschlandfunk radio programme, which included an excerpt from a performance at Punkt Festival in Kristiansand, featuring Tigran Hamasyan with Jan Bang, then he brings trumpeter Arve Henriksen and guitarist Eivind Aarset into the project.
In The Guardian, John Fordham gave this album three stars and says that "The pairing of Hamasyan and Henriksen, meanwhile, brings an unexpectedly song-based seductiveness to an all-improv session including such hi-tech experimenters as Aarset and Bang."
 Jan Bang – samples, live sampling
Sydelle Noel (; born July 16, 1985) is an American actress and former athlete, best known for her role as Cherry "Junkchain" Bang in GLOW.
She initially is at odds with Cherry Bang, who sees through her as an attention-starved Jewish-American princess who has never had a real job.
 2012, Big Bang Calling, Laboratorio Arte Alameda, Mexico City, Mexico
Bang and Whimper 2017 – The Farewell Tour was a concert tour by the Finnish gothic rock band HIM.
Frederik Ludvig Bang Zeuthen (9 September 1888 – 24 February 1959) was a Danish economist.
She became more interested in spacetime and the big bang after attending talks by scientists such as Stephen Hawking.
Other episodes are devoted to examining specific pieces of pop culture, such as television programs Steven Universe and The Big Bang Theory, and films including Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and Star Wars.
Suhas Yellapantula of The Times of India rated the 3.5 stars out of 5, mentioning "Bharat Ane Nenu gives you a lot to root for and provides a bang for your buck but lacks the finesse that makes for a good political thriller.".
 Yuki Tsuji on Bang and Olufsen 90th anniversary
Fellow Big Bang member, Taeyang makes an appearance.
 1924 – Nina Bang becomes the first female minister in an internationally recognized government when she is appointed Minister for Education.
His fashion sense has been referred to as "part Mob boss and part Big Bang Theory cast member", and alternating "between boxy pinstripe suits and faux-ironic vintage tees".
In 1959, a plan was prosposed to relocate the terminus to Bang Sue station and close the Hua Lampong station.
It gives more bang for buck than any Dan Sultan record so far, and the fact that it is an evolution in his sound is just a welcome bonus.
D'scover Tour is the debut concert tour and first Japanese tour by South Korean singer Daesung, member of Big Bang.
Big Bang Japan Official Site
D'slove Tour is the second Japanese tour by South Korean singer Daesung, member of Big Bang.
Under the direction of Eckart von Hirschhausen, he created his first science satire program: "Urknaller - Physik ist sexy ("Big Bang - Physics is Sexy").
2004–2007: Urknaller – Physik ist sexy (Big Bang – Physics is Sexy) (Director: Eckart von Hirschhausen)
2005: Urknaller – Physik ist sexy (Big Bang - Physics is sexy) (Live recording of stage performance)
The accompanying soundtrack was also included in the album and was arranged by composer and music producer Bang Si-hyuk, who went on to establish Big Hit Entertainment.
His performance to "Doom Dada" by T.O.P of Big Bang garnered attention due to its fast-paced tempo and flow while its execution was praised despite his occupation as a model.
The channel is described as follows:The Beatles were the big bang of pop - they created the musical world we live in today.
In the Story of Kites, the three Kang brothers bang pots and pans together in an attempt to chase birds from the rice fields.
The series is recorded at Bang Zoom!
The chorus was sampled as part a mash-up performed by JYP Entertainment artists JB (GOT7), Woojin and Bang Chan (Stray Kids) and Nayeon and Jihyo (Twice) for the "JYP Of All Time" special segment, which paid tribute to Park Jin-young's biggest hit songs over the past two decades, during the 2018 KBS Song Festival.
She regularly publishes in the comic magazine Galago in various magazines and newspapers such as Dagens Nyheter, Dagens Arbete, Bang, Aftonbladet and Ordfront Magasin.
Karin Bang, 88, Norwegian writer.
One of the fifty richest people in South Korea according to Forbes Asia, Bang is the only billionaire in the South Korean entertainment industry.
Bang debuted as a composer while in college.
They were largely responsible for the production of g.o.d's debut album Chapter 1, with Park serving as the producer and primary songwriter while Bang arranged the instrumentation and music.
Some of g.o.d's most famous songs arranged by Bang include "One Candle" and "Road".
Besides g.o.d, Bang has produced or composed for many other artists, including veterans Im Chang-jung and Park Ji-yoon, singer-actor Rain, groups Wonder Girls, 2AM, and Teen Top, and R&B singer Baek Ji-young.
In 2005, Bang left JYP Entertainment and founded his own company, Big Hit Entertainment, where he continued to write, compose and produce for Big Hit artists—he co-wrote six songs on BTS' critically acclaimed Wings (2016) album.
One of only two newcomers to the ranking, Bang was listed as the 16th richest person in South Korea.
According to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, Bang is worth an estimated $3.2 billion as of July 2021.
He was also the leader of the African representational team, Team Wild Fang during the Big Bang Bladers World Championships.
In addition to the 19 songs performed at the concert, the DVD includes songs, music videos, and an electronic press kit from the band's 2009 album, Bang the Drum.
The song "Belong" (from Bang the Drum) is the musical score for the montage.
2" is a song recorded by South Korean group Big Bang for to promote a cellphone by LG Cyon.
Big Bang collaborated with their labelmate 2NE1 a year before, in the release of the promotional single "Lollipop", released on March 27, 2009 and created to promote a cellphone by LG Cyon.
 Bang Su-jin as Kim Eon-joo
Mango Groove's fifth studio album, Bang the Drum (2009), was released 20 years after this, their debut album.
He became Crown Prince in 1440, however, was deposed in 1441 and replaced by his younger half-brother, Prince Lê Bang Cơ.
Hong Bang Middle School was established in 1933 by French colonialists as a pension school for French children studying with local Vietnamese students in Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City).
Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo, Mariel Rodriguez-Padilla, and Vice Ganda served as hosts for the first season with Kim Atienza, Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts.
Vhong Navarro, Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo, and Vice Ganda served as hosts for the second season, with Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts as well as the Gong.
 June 7 - Bill Prady, television and producer (co-creator of The Big Bang Theory and The Muppets), in Detroit
The Big Bang Theory—It was announced on August 22, 2018 that season twelve would be the final season.
 Pieter T'Jonck, Wie is bang voor abstracte kunst?
 Ellen Bang as Eva Latour
Her major voice roles include Nanako Usami in Locodol, Ann Akagi in Action Heroine Cheer Fruits, Kokoro Tsurumaki in BanG Dream!, Miku Nakano in The Quintessential Quintuplets, and Hougetsu Shimamura in Adachi and Shimamura.
 Neil Burgess, actor known for Cillit Bang adverts
Pop, Bang, Slide: Autopsy Gallery  (Melbourne, Australia)
Bang Cheol-yong  (born March 10, 1991), better known by his stage name Mir, is a South Korean singer, rapper, dancer, and actor.
His parents are Han Sung-sook and Bang Ki-soon.
In May 2018 over 400 herdsmen attacked four villages of Lamurde, Bang, Bolk,  Zumoso and Gon in Numan and Lamurde local councils of Adamawa State killing 15 people.
The album was rereleased on vinyl in June 2016 by Bang!
The Space Museum with four galleries and a 110-seat planetarium creates a futuristic museum exploring topics from the Big Bang to space travel, and our place in the solar system.
This enabled her to extend her lead at the time over popular idol groups Big Bang, Sistar, and 2NE1, which each had nine.
Cao Bang Province, Vietnam
Bang Awards – Winner, General Category – The Monk and the Monkey (2010)
In 1800, he sold the rest of the estate to Niels de Bang and Christian Ulrich Detlev von Eggers.
Niels de Bang, who after a while had become the sole owner of Benzonsdal, made a big effort to assist the sick and poor farmers on his estate during an outbreak of dysentery.
 (1800-1806) Niels de Bang
 Bang & Olufsen Journal 2015
The Sukhothai Kingdom (13th century to 15th century), which seceded from the Khmer Empire in 1238, mentioned the process of anointment (Abhisheka) of their first monarchs, explaining that Si Inthrathit (then titled Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao) was anointed by Pha Mueang, who had himself had been anointed earlier by Indravarman II, the Khmer king.
The water used in this ceremony is collected from the five principal rivers of the kingdom: the Chao Phraya, the Pa Sak, the Mae Klong (or Rachaburi), the Phetchaburi, and the Bang Pakong.
To this the tinker is supposed to have responded, "Well, this does bang all!"
Ryan Bang as Gong Woo
There shall be no such thing as pop music henceforth, for in the wake of this cultural Big Bang all other efforts in the medium will appear to be what they always truly have been: puddles of tepid consciousness."
Both the Korean and Japanese versions of the song were written by Supreme Boi, "Hitman" Bang, J-Hope, RM, and Pdogg, with the latter of the five solely handling production.
Both the original Korean and Japanese versions were written by Pdogg, Supreme Boi, "Hitman" Bang, and band members J-Hope and RM, with production handled solely by Pdogg.
Ciega a citas is a Spanish television series produced by Mediaset España Comunicación and Big Bang Media, and aired by Cuatro TV channel.
 Bang Chan, Seo Chang-bin and Han Ji-sung are part of a pre-debut group called 3Racha.
In the first episode, JYPE decides to determine the new debuting group by having two teams compete - a female trainees' team named 2team, with members selected by the agency, and a Male Project Team—created by long-time trainee Bang Chan.
Both teams receive compliments after performing at the trainee showcase, but Park Jin-young ultimately picks the Male Project Team, consisting of members Bang Chan, Kim Woo-jin, Lee Min-ho, Seo Chang-bin, Hwang Hyun-jin, Han Ji-sung, Lee Felix, Kim Seung-min, and Yang Jeong-in, as the winner due to their teamwork.
On the battle day, the team heads to YG Entertainment headquarters where they meet the other agency's trainees for the first time - including Bang Ye-dam from K-pop Star 2.
Bang Ye-dam of YG performs Shawn Mendes' "There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" and receives compliments from Park.
Barber played Jimmy Speckerman, who bullied Leonard Hofstadter at high school, in one episode of The Big Bang Theory.
She regularly gives public lectures and contributes to panel discussions at schools, universities, conferences and festivals, and has judged a number of high-profile competitions including The Big Bang Fair North West and STEM for Britain.
Bang Sin-hye (; born 13 May 1967) is a South Korean hurdler.
Bang began participating in track as a student at the Gyeongsan Girls' Middle School.
She has appeared as the young Mary Cooper in the CBS sitcom Young Sheldon, a role originated by her mother Laurie Metcalf in the show's predecessor The Big Bang Theory, and in recurring roles on The Family and Scandal.
The same year, she was cast as a younger version of Mary Cooper (Sheldon Cooper's mother) on Young Sheldon, a spin-off of the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory, again portraying a younger version of her mother's role.
Later, he became famous in the Amphoe Bang Lamung, eastern Thailand.
Peter first aims at winning an Emmy for Best Comedy, which includes Modern Family, Girls, and Transparent and other comedy traits (with two being Sofía Vergara taking Lois' role, Lois portraying a delivery person, Chris acting like Sheldon Cooper from The Big Bang Theory, a pass-by from Tracy Morgan, and Peter playing transgender).
Forbess Eric Kain gave "The Damned" an "F" and hammered the episode by saying, "I don't understand what's happening with The Walking Dead...This is how TV shows die, not with a bang but with a whimper.
Bang is a bilingual crime drama English/Welsh television series, created by Roger Williams, that was first broadcast on S4C on 10 September 2017.
Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 ("Young, violent, handsome"; also stylized as Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 3 and abbreviated as JBG 3) is the third collaborative studio album by German rappers Kollegah and Farid Bang.
Before the release of the album, Kollegah and Bang collaborated on Jung, brutal, gutaussehend in 2009 and Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 2 in 2013.
Kollegah and Farid Bang first worked together on Jung, brutal, gutaussehend (2009).
JBG 3 was first confirmed by Farid Bang on the single "Blut" of his seventh album Blut (2016).
In August 2016, Farid Bang announced on Facebook that the album would be released in 2017.
Kollegah and Farid Bang promoted Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 with a 15-date tour through Germany, Austria and Switzerland, which began on 5 January and concluded on 24 January 2018.
Kollegah and Farid Bang use in "Gamechanger", "fast-pace double-time" and diss the KMN-Gang.
German tabloid paper Bild accused Farid Bang and Kollegah of antisemitic lyrics on their song "0815", which was included on the bonus EP §185.
Kollegah and Farid Bang were sued for Volksverhetzung (incitement to hatred) on 24 April 2018.
 Dong Ha and Bang Min-ah were first offered the lead roles, but ultimately declined.
In cosmology, the missing baryon problem is an observed discrepancy between the amount of baryonic matter detected from shortly after the Big Bang and from more recent epochs.
Observations of the cosmic microwave background and Big Bang nucleosynthesis studies have set constraints on the abundance of baryons in the early universe, finding that baryonic matter accounts for approximately 4.8% of the energy contents of the Universe.
 The theory of Big Bang nucleosynthesis, which predicts the observed relative abundance of the chemical elements in observations of the recent universe.
He was born in Thai Chinese family at the Amphoe Mueang Chachoengsao, Chachoengsao province by the Bang Pakong River.
An alumnus of Chulalongkorn University, Tawan started as one of the hosts of Bang Channel's Five Live Fresh in 2014.
He was introduced in 2014 as one of the six new hosts of Five Live Fresh, a youth-oriented music television program of the now-defunct Bang Channel.
The following year, Pinkfong partnered with Bushiroad to include "Baby Shark" as a playable track in the English server of BanG Dream!
His achievements include the establishment of a cosmic no-hair theorem related to inflation, analysis of the universe structure using self-developed statistical methods, discovery of novel models of dark energy and dark matter, design of unified models of Inflation and dark energy and the elucidation of Big Bang theory using Braneworld physics.
With these ratings, Gotham ranked second for Fox, behind The Orville, fourth on its timeslot, and tenth for the night, behind How to Get Away with Murder, The Good Place, Superstore, The Orville, Chicago Fire, Scandal, S.W.A.T., Life in Pieces, Mom, Will & Grace, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, and The Big Bang Theory.
It originally had two branches are Bang Lamphu near Khao San Road and Wat Chana Songkhram, Phra Nakhon side and Soi Suan Phak 1, Taling Chan District, Thonburi side.
But now the  Bang Lamphu branch has closed, only the branch is left at Taling Chan and there are no fighters competing in the name of the gym anymore.
28 February – Astronomers report, for the first time, a signal of the reionization epoch, an indirect detection of light from the earliest stars formed – about 180 million years after the Big Bang.
Astronomers report the discovery of one of the oldest stars, named 2MASS J18082002-5104378 B, in the universe, about 13.5 billion-years-old, possibly one of the first stars, a tiny ultra metal-poor (UMP) star made almost entirely of materials released from the Big Bang.
Namyang Bang clan () is one of the Korean clans.
According to the research held in 2000, the number of the Namyang Bang clan was 27454. , a second child of Fang Xuanling’s who worked as Chancellor were dispatched to Goguryeo as one of Tang dynasty’s Hanlin Academy because of  in Goguryeo’s Bojang request.
Perhaps the most unexpected appearance was a performance by The Rolling Stones in Austin in 2006 during their A Bigger Bang Tour.
 Out With A Bang (03:32)
The Global Warning Tour was the first Asian concert tour by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
His specialty is the physics of the Quark-Gluon Plasma which is an extreme state of matter which filled the entire Universe until about 10−5 seconds after the Big Bang.
Hey went on to co-write with Woodward and co-produce her 2016 album 'Til They Bang on the Door with Forq bandmate Michael League.
Support player Bang "JJonak" Seong-hyun was named the inaugural Overwatch League season MVP.
With these ratings, Gotham ranked second for Fox, behind The Orville, fourth on its timeslot, and eleventh for the night, behind The Orville, How to Get Away with Murder, S.W.A.T., Scandal, Life in Pieces, Mom, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory, and Thursday Night Football.
The book narrates the history from the Big Bang to the present, through curious facts.
At the same time as Aalborg BK's inner wing, Kaj Mølback, scored his team's seventh goal in the 75th minute, giving the team a 7–1 lead, a violent guest of wind caught the very large Dannebrog and the stadium's flagpole broke, falling to the ground with a bang, but not injuring any spectators nearby.
Growing up in a financially struggling family, with his father in constant debt, Okumura transformed his family's small company into a multi-million-yen business and founded the popular Big Bang Burger fast-food chain.
It was written by ”hitman” bang, Slow Rabbit, and Adora, with Slow Rabbit being the sole producer.
During this success, she signed with Atlantic and released two studio albums: Let's Go Bang in September 1995 and a self-titled album in September 1996.
To promote Let's Go Bang, the title track and "Couldn't Find Another Man" were marketed as singles.
Jim Parsons, who portrayed the adult Sheldon on The Big Bang Theory, narrates the series and serves as an executive producer.
GameSpot summarized it as "EA Sports UFC 3 is a tense, exciting, and dynamic recreation of the stand and bang aspect of mixed martial arts.
Hyeong Bang (), a 13 th descendant of , worked as Chief Minister (Sijung, 시중, 侍中, or alternately Jungsi, 中侍) in Goryeo during Myeongjong of Goryeo’s reign.
Originally issued in 2011 by Columbia Records, it was reissued in 2014 by Capitol Records after Diamond signed with Capitol taking his Bang catalog with him.
Lisa goes to Bart's room to ask him to help her break in to the school to change a homework paper she delivered with the wrong date for when the Big Bang happened.
A1689B11 is 11 billion light years from the Earth, forming 2.6 billion years after the Big Bang.
F. Bang, the Officers, particularly W. de Lange, and all the seamen on MS Magga Dan; during the long bird-watch and weather recording".
Onyang Bang clan () is a Korean clans.
Method () is a 2017 South Korean drama film directed by Bang Eun-jin.
The site's critical consensus reads, "The Assassination of Versace starts with a bang and unfurls slowly, moving backward through an intricate (and occasionally convoluted) murder mystery anchored by a career-defining performance from Darren Criss."
 Wang Weiliang as CFC Bang Lee Onn a.k.a.
Hong Bang International University (HIU) is a private university in Ho Chi Minh City.
Nevertheless, the tour eventually broke the record set by The Rolling Stones's A Bigger Bang Tour, to become the highest-grossing tour in US and North American history, grossing $266.1 million, besting The Stones' $245 million gross.
In the past, this temple was a landmark of the Bang Khun Thian people because there was a canal flowing in front and easy to connect with Chao Phraya River.
Wat Bang Khun Thian Nok, formerly named Wat Yommalok, was built around the year 1703 by two devout Buddhists.
In Chinese folklore, Xiang Yu has a battle with Liu Bang.
Club gave the episode a "B" rating and wrote "At least I got to go out with a bang.
The creaking of the mattress causes the downstairs neighbor, Mrs. Eckleben, to bang loudly against the ceiling.
With these ratings, Gotham ranked second for Fox, behind The Orville, fourth on its timeslot, and tenth for the night, behind The Orville, S.W.A.T., Life in Pieces, The Wonderful World of Disney, Mom, A Charlie Brown Christmas, Young Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory, and Thursday Night Football.
 Bang Eun-hee as Se-yun's mother 
Witnesses outside the train reported hearing a loud bang.
With these ratings, Gotham ranked second for Fox, behind The Orville, fourth on its timeslot, and eleventh for the night, behind The Great American Baking Show, The Orville, Toy Story That Time Forgot, S.W.A.T., Shrek the Halls, Life in Pieces, Mom, Young Sheldon, The Big Bang Theory, and Thursday Night Football.
The Brazilian release of Bang the Drum, released by EMI in 2010, has one extra track: a Brazilian Portuguese version of the song "Hey!
Through the , it begins to consume Ohata city and try to initiate a second Big Bang to recreate the universe.
With these ratings, Person of Interest was the most watched show on CBS for the night beating The Mentalist and Rules of Engagement, first on its timeslot and third for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, and The X Factor.
Bang Nhat Linh (born 1983) is a Vietnamese contemporary artist based in Hanoi.
 Bang the Drum Slowly by Mark Harris, adapted by Eric Simonson
With these ratings, Person of Interest was the third most watched show on CBS for the night beating The Mentalist but behind ¡Rob!, second on its timeslot and fourth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Grey's Anatomy, ¡Rob!, and The Big Bang Theory.
With these ratings, Person of Interest was the third most watched show on CBS for the night beating The Mentalist but behind ¡Rob!, second on its timeslot and fourth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Grey's Anatomy, ¡Rob!, The Big Bang Theory, and American Idol.
Eat a Mango was the last studio album Mango Groove released until Bang the Drum in 2009.
Employees from the firm ELBA, which stood alongside the river and the track, climbed over a scaffold in the river after hearing the loud bang and began the efforts to save the victims.
The Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư records that in 1467 in An Bang province of Đại Việt (now Quảng Ninh Province) a Chinese ship blew off course onto the shore.
He founded Bang Holdings, a digital media company that specializes in cannabis advertising.
Its subsidiary, Bang Digital Media, provides brand management, cannabis-related digital content and social influencer-based marketing for the cannabis industry.
By the end of 2016, Bang was running one of the leading cannabis-related Facebook pages, as well as sites on Instagram, Snapchat and YouTube, with a dozen influencers with 250,000 to 10 million followers each.
Bang Digital Media attracted attention outside the marijuana market in 2016, when it used the then-presidential candidate Donald Trump as the test case for its chatbots, which were the first AI personalities to sell products to humans via Facebook Messenger.
Takayama wrestled his last match on May 4, 2013 at Pro Wrestling Zero1's Big Bang event by teaming with Hideki Hosaka and Kintaro Kanemura against Atsushi Onita, Tetsuhiro Kuroda and Ricky Fuji in a losing effort.
This was Bang, which opened in 1976 in the Sundowner (a former ballroom / dance hall) in the basement of the Astoria Theatre in Charing Cross Road.'
It's fair to say Tallullah was one of the originators of London’s gay club scene in as much that he was DJing at such legendary and seminal clubs as Bang and Scandals in London during the early 1970s.
It was in 1976 that Tallulah took London by storm when he became the resident DJ at Bang  at 175 Charing Cross Road.
Bang was a major event on the scene.
1976 was also when the first commercially available 12 inch recordings became available, which were perfect for a club like Bang.
Bang was without doubt the club that created the concept of the mega club (whether gay or straight) in the UK as it is now known.
Upon his return to London, Allam found himself homeless and moved into the Notting Hill apartment of the pop musician Iain Williams, who later became one-half of the pop duo Big Bang.
 London Stories: A lecture hosted by Bill Brewster held on 17 January 2017 (includes a picture of Bang nightclub dj's Tallulah and Norman Scott.
After winning the ISKA title, Urabe fought Kimimura at Big Bang - Road to Unity 14, winning by unanimous decision.
| 2013-09-01 || Win||align=left| Kimimura || Big Bang - Road to Unity 14 || Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
| 2012-06-03 || Win||align=left| Hiroki Nakamura||Big Bang || Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
Both versions were written by "Hitman" Bang, Supreme Boi, KASS, Suga, RM, Pdogg, with the latter of the six solely handling production.
They hear a door bang inside Villa Pirobutirro.
The game started out with a bang as Fitzpatrick threw a 75-yard touchdown pass to DeSean Jackson on the first play of the game.
The quasar emitted the light observed on Earth today less than 690 million years after the Big Bang, about 13.1 billion years ago.
Park and Bang Si-hyuk.
Their other popular songs include Bend Over, Kotch, Ride It, Jump and Bang!.
With these ratings, Person of Interest was the most watched show on CBS for the night beating The Mentalist, and Rules of Engagement, second on its timeslot and fourth for the night in the 18-49 demographics, behind Grey's Anatomy, a rerun of The Big Bang Theory, and American Idol.
 Leif Georg Ferdinand Bang (1881– ?
Big Bang, AKMU, Zion.T, Hyukoh, Blackpink, G-Dragon, Psy, and Winner received digital song nominations, while Taeyang and Sechs Kies received album nominations.
Cordero has appeared several times on the Comedy Bang!
The group is composed of eight members: Bang Chan, Lee Know, Changbin, Hyunjin, Han, Felix, Seungmin, and I.N.
Bang Chan has participated in arrangements.
  indicates that Bang is also credited as a producer for the album or song.
Magnus Bang Olsen – piano on "Every Day Is a Miracle"
In 2017, Nithiyanandam's research on identifying a mechanism to make triple-negative breast cancer more treatable won the Intermediate Science stream at the national Big Bang Fair.
"Koe o Kikasete" (Big Bang song), 2009
There followed a complex set of negotiations among the leading politicians and in the end Scheele concluded that he would not be able to lead the new government which instead emerged under the leadership of Peter Georg Bang.
There was no party structure in the twentieth century sense, but it is reasonable to view the Bang government as a coalition between moderate liberals and pragmatic conservatives.
Bang was not a "natural politician" and Scheele himself frequently lacked the patience normally associated with successful negotiation, but to some extent he made up for that with his mastery of detail and persuasive personality in the Rigsdagen, and the constitution finally became effective on 2 October 1855.
Although he successfully fought off serious legal challenges in the courts, discontent over the constitution returned to the political agenda, and by the time the Bang government fell in February 1857, it appears that von Scheele's political capital was for most purposes exhausted.
 Hong Ji-yoon as Bang Seon-yeong
Aravindante Athidhikal () is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama film directed by M. Mohanan and produced by Pradeep Kumar Pathiyara and co-produced by Noble Babu Thomas under the studios Pathiyara Entertainments and Big Bang Entertainments, respectively.
When he died, the peerage was passed on to his son, Han Bang (), whose courtesy name was Changlin ().
Han Bang was known for being studious and talented since young.
During the reign of Emperor Wu in the Jin dynasty, Han Bang served as the Prefect () of Yewang County (野王縣; present-day Qinyang, Henan).
 Astrochemistry: from the Big Bang to the Present Day, World Scientific Press, 2017.
notes, in his award presentation, that he does not support the Big Bang Theory, due to the lack of concrete supporting evidence, and states, "It's very unfortunate that one thinks of the beginning whereas in fact, we have no good theory of such a thing as the beginning."
The group consists of eight members: Bang Chan, Lee Know, Changbin, Hyunjin, Han, Felix, Seungmin, and I.N.
It was consecrated on November 26, 1902 in a mass celebrated by Bishop Anton Christian Bang attended by eight priests.
McKenna is also a regular guest on the podcast version of Comedy Bang!
On this occasion State social justice minister Shri Rajkumar Badole, Padma Shri Dr. Abhay Bang and Marathi Actress Nishigandha Wad were present.
The band has continued to make occasional appearances on stage, such as at Bang Your Head!!
He also stated in an interview that he would "often bang the table I’m sat at, sample it and use that as my drums".
25 April – The Bundesverband Musikindustrie announces the discontinuation of its ECHO Awards, after protests at the rap duo Kollegah and Farid Bang receiving an award based on sales numbers for their album Jung, Brutal, Gutaussehend 3, several lyrics from which have been deemed to be anti-Semitic.
 Roller Coaster Plus Date Big Bang (롤러코스터 플러스 연애빅뱅; 2010)
The bang for buck interval fight sequence in the rain is one of the highlights of the film.
Originally dubbed in English by Seoul-based Iyuno Media Group, the series was redubbed by Bang Zoom!
It stars Thomas Middleditch, Jess Weixler, Diana Bang, and Randal Edwards, and follows Ben (Middleditch) who forms a romance with Hanna (Weixler) after discovering through various means that they could have almost ended up siblings.
 Diana Bang as Tabby Song
Bang the Drum Slowly (1973), released about a month after Patrick McVey's death.
Nguyễn Bảo Hoàng's father, Bang Nguyen, was a civil engineer who held a position in the South Vietnamese government.
Nguyen's father, Bang, launched Viaworld Internet Telecommunications Corp (VITC) in 2001 in cooperation with Vietnam's state-owned telephone company, and Henry traveled to Vietnam to establish the Hanoi office, staying in Vietnam for four years.
Chen Xi (died 194BC) was a Chinese rebel against the first Han emperor Liu Bang (posthumously the "Emperor Gaozu" or "High Ancestor").
His early life and circumstances are not recorded, but Liu Bang came to place great trust in him and his abilities.
Despite his long support of Liu Bang, Han came under suspicion of revolt and concluded an alliance with the Xiongnu chanyu Modu to protect himself.
Liu Bang was satisfied when he reached Zhao's natural and traditional stronghold at Handan, which was well protected against armies from the south by the course of the Zhang River; as Chen's forces had not rushed to secure and fortify it ahead of the invasion, neither he nor his advisors could be expected to do well in the coming campaign.
This season didn't start off with a bang or bells and whistles, but it started with everything that I know and love about Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
Stie Bang (aged 73), Tomas Rønne (aged 34) and	Carel Stolp (aged 66)three master sailmakersoccupied the second floor.
Bang Jae-ho as Park Gi-teuk
 The Saint: The Big Bang (28 July 1990)
The Saint: The Big Bang is a 1990 TV film featuring Simon Dutton as Simon Templar, the crimefighter also known as The Saint.
He has worked with Claydee, Lexy Panterra, Jenn Morel, Bang La Decks, Cammora, and many other artists.
In 2018, Sunrise had Bang Zoom Entertainment to produce an English dub for the series.
Shortly thereafter, Karen heard a loud bang.
He was a presiding judge of the Seoul High Court before becoming the 35th Chief Judge of the Gwangju High Court to replace his predecessor Bang Geukseong in February 2016.
They are the second boy band to ever have achieved number one on more than seven music charts since iChart began ranking songs in 2010, with Big Bang having previously accomplishing a similar feat.
A Bang & Olufsen flagship store has now opened in the former pharmacy.
Following the elections, Peter Georg Bang became Prime Minister on 12 December.
Peter Georg Bang remained Prime Minister following the elections.
In 2017, she began voicing and performing in the franchise BanG Dream!
Big Bang performed in Lima, Peru, the only city in South America they visited as part of their Alive Galaxy tour, on November 14, 2012.
On November 10, 2012, El Gran Show featured dance performances to popular K-Pop songs: “Ring Ding Dong” by SHINee, “Fantastic Baby" by Big Bang, “Sorry, Sorry” by Super Junior, and “Gangnam Style” by Psy.
from Sheldon Cooper on The Big Bang Theory television series.
development work on Suan Lum Night Bazaar Ratchadaphisek, the market moved into the JJ Green community mall near Chatuchak Park, and in 2015, with 100 million-baht (US$3 million) in investment from business tycoon Chatchawal Kong-udom and a 30-year lease from the State Railway of Thailand, it reopened as the Siam Gypsy Junction at Bang Son.
Angira Dhar was hired to play the female lead, in her second collaboration with Anand after Bang Baaja Baarat.
It is located in Bang Rak District, on the eastern bank of the Chao Phraya River, and is served by Soi Charoen Krung 30 (also known as Captain Bush Lane).
With these ratings, Gotham ranked first for Fox, beating Showtime at the Apollo, fifth on its timeslot, and thirteenth for the night, behind Champions, How to Get Away with Murder, S.W.A.T., Superstore, Will & Grace, Scandal, Chicago Fire, Life in Pieces, Mom, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, and The Big Bang Theory.
During level cruise flight shortly before beginning a descent from flight level 360, and about 120 miles from HNL, the flight crew heard a loud bang, followed by a violent shaking of the airplane, followed by warnings of a compressor stall.
At the time of the fan blade out engine failure event, 11:58 Hawaiian standard time (HST), the flight was about 120 miles from HNL at flight level (FL) 360 when there was a violent jolt and very loud bang that both pilots stated was followed by extreme airframe vibrations.
The pilots stated that about 15 to 30 seconds after the jolt and loud bang, the Engine Indicating and Crew Alerting System (EICAS) showed that there was no engine pressure ratio (EPR), N1, or oil pressure.
1158:27 Sound of bang.
Nong Prue is town municipality (thesaban mueang) in the Bang Lamung District of Chon Buri Province, a dormitory suburb of Pattaya, to the direct east (inland), and is home to a growing expatriate and retired population in many gated communities of luxury villas.
In 2019 she returned to the show with a bang for a run of spectacular demonstrations including dripping a monster slime from the studio ceiling and ripping oxygen from hydrogen peroxide.
 Bang & Olufsen (1.13%)
He has directed and edited the documentary Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie as well as the David Ellefson produced horror film Dwellers which Fortier also wrote and stars in.
Fortier was born and raised on the southside of Chicago where he, as a bartender, met hard rock band Bang Tango in June 2011 where they offered to let him shoot a studio documentary while they were in Chicago recording their album Pistol Whipped in the Bible Belt.
Fortier, with no background in filmmaking, agreed to the project which eventually grew from being a studio documentary into a feature-length film about the band's career up to that point titled Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie.
The film was never given an official release due to clearance issues regarding usage of Bang Tango's back catalogue of music in the film which is owned by Universal Music.
Aside from the inclusion of various members of Bang Tango throughout the band's career up to that point, interviews featured throughout the film include: Howard Benson, Riki Rachtman, Chris DeMakes, Mandy Lion, Andrew Wilkow, Chip Z'Nuff, as well as an opening narration by Twisted Sister's Dee Snider.
The film had one free public screening in Fortier's hometown of Chicago, Illinois with Bang Tango in attendance in April 2015.
Fortier became a member of Bang Tango days later as the band's second guitarist.
After completing Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie, Fortier was in talks with Fear Factory for a proposed documentary on the band's career.
The decision to bring Fortier into the band was at the suggestion of Rowan Robertson who, as Bang Tango's lead guitarist, felt the band should be represented as having two guitarists to properly perform the material which was originally written and recorded with two guitarists.
Fortier worked closely with Ellefson and the label's Operations Director Thom Hazaert up until he returned to Bang Tango in August 2017.
The company was founded by Jørgen Daniel Bang (1790-1864) on 6 September 1816 when he opened a store in his father's building at the corner of Østerfade and Kongens Nytorv.
In 1888 he ceded it to his son Oscar Bang (1863-) who renamed it after his father.
In the 1950s A. C. Bang won an international reputation for its mink furs.
The ownership of the company passed out of the Bang family.
The first LP released by Crooked Beat Records, "A Bang on the Ear," included music by Insurgence DC, Möbius Strip, and Don Zientara.
The film was dubbed in English by Bang Zoom!
The name "Talat Phlu" could be taken in a broad sense to encompass the areas of Talat Phlu (subdistrict), Bang Yi Ruea, Bukkhalo, Dao Khanong, it is more often used to refer to the subdistrict only.
"Sturmmaske auf (Intro)" ("Ski mask on") is a song recorded by German rappers Kollegah and Farid Bang for their third collaborative studio album Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 (2017).
"Sturmmaske auf (Intro)" was written by Kollegah and Farid Bang, while production was handled by German producers Joznez and Johnny Illstrument.
On 21 September 2017 Kollegah and Farid Bang announced the single on their Instagram and Facebook accounts.
Tha Phra intersection is the location of Tha Phra MRT station on the MRT Blue Line, which allows interchange between the Bang Sue–Tha Phra and Hua Lamphong–Lak Song segments of the line.
 Diana Bang as Kwon, a scientist and former co-worker of Cheryl at Salton Flats Technical Command Center who targets VIN after she was kicked off the project for having plans to weaponize VIN
This eventually led him to audition as a k-pop idol trainee, where he was discovered by Big Hit Entertainment CEO Bang Si-hyuk.
With these ratings, Gotham ranked first for Fox, beating Showtime at the Apollo, fourth on its timeslot, and twelfth for the night, behind Scandal, S.W.A.T., Superstore, Will & Grace, Chicago Fire, Life in Pieces, Station 19, Mom, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, and The Big Bang Theory.
Production began when Drew Fortier met Bang Tango in June 2011, which led to the band offering Fortier to shoot footage for a proposed studio documentary as the band were recording an album in Fortier's hometown of Chicago, Illinois at this time.
Fortier accompanied Bang Tango on many tours during the four years spent making the film.
It was foretold to Fortier that it would be the perfect moment to shoot the new ending for the film seeing as it would take place at a large outdoor amphitheater and there would be a large audience in attendance to show Bang Tango in a much more positive light in a modern-day setting.
The doors to the event opened close to the same time Bang Tango had begun performing their set, and due to this, only a handful of attendees were able to watch the band perform.
One free public screening occurred in Chicago, Illinois in April 2015 for which Bang Tango was in attendance.
Fortier would go on to join Bang Tango as their second guitarist.
Bang Tango frontman Joe Lesté publicly stated his dislike for the film, feeling that he and his band were misrepresented especially during the ending.
Despite his feelings on the film, Lesté mentioned he and Fortier are friends and is happy to have him as a member of Bang Tango as a guitarist.
The ending of the film polarized reviewers by either having them side with the band's frontman, Joe Lesté, for keeping Bang Tango alive to this day; or he is seen as someone who should have put the band to rest a long time ago and is only hurting the brand by keeping it active.
If you want to watch a "warts and all" documentary containing fantastic interviews, career-spanning live footage presented in chronological fashion where you get a true sense of the subject matter then Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie is the film for you."
Heavy Metal ICU wrote, "The film is gritty, dirty, and fun, just like Bang Tango.
This is a movie not only about a band that only niche fan base will be familiar with, but about all the bands just like Bang Tango back in the day."
The history of the Bang Lamphu community dates to the establishment of the Rattanakosin Kingdom, or earlier.
Bang Lamphu covers an area north of Phra Nakhon in Rattanakosin Island from Phra Athit Road to Samsen Road, which leads toward Dusit District.
Mangrove apples (Sonneratia caseolaris) once flourished along waterways in the area, including the Khlong Bang Lamphu and Chao Phraya River.
There are no more mangrove apple trees in the local Santi Chai Prakan Park, since the last one died in 2012 from 2011 Thailand floods, but the name Bang Lamphu is still commonly used to describe the area.
Once the Khlong Rop Krung canal was excavated, a pier was established at Bang Lamphu by which goods such as vegetables and fruits could be transported from the Thonburi side.
Bang Lamphu also became a major market for overland trade via the Khaosan Road and a number of other roads.
Bang Lamphu has become a popular tourist destination, especially for Westerners.
For Thai people, Bang Lamphu is also considered to be a hub for notable school uniform stores.
Hence, Bang Lamphu and Sip Sam Hang Road was cited in the 1997 Thai heroic bloodshed film Dang Bireley's and Young Gangsters as a backdrop for the characters in street gang battles.
Thanikhul was born on September 13, 1934 in Tambon Don Manora, Amphoe Bang Khonthi, Samut Songkhram Province during World War II.
Moore and collaborators predicted that the first structures to form in the Universe were Earth-sized dark matter haloes which collapsed just 20 million years after the Big Bang.
Up would come the gas, and bang went the rig.
"Flower Road" () is a song by South Korean boy band Big Bang.
After the release of the Made album in December 2016, Big Bang temporarily ended its five-member activities in early 2017.
The song was created while Big Bang were working on their album Made, and the lyrics were written with the future enlistment of the members in mind, which is highlighted in the lines "this is not the end of us / I hope we'll meet again when the flowers are blooming", a request for the fans to wait for them.
Dancin' on Coals is the second album by the hard rock band Bang Tango, released in 1991.
Bang Tango supported the album by opening for Cheap Trick on a North American tour.
The Los Angeles Times opined that "if the Cult was the Beatles, Goth-obsessed Bang Tango would be Badfinger: too close to the original to really matter but with enough twists of its own to resist easy dismissal."
The Record determined that Bang Tango "moves slightly away from the thunderous backbeats and heavy guitar sounds that characterized its first effort to spotlight a smooth, seductive funk groove."
With these ratings, Gotham ranked first for Fox, beating Showtime at the Apollo, fourth on its timeslot, and twelfth for the night, behind S.W.A.T., Scandal, Superstore, Life in Pieces, Will & Grace, Chicago Fire, Station 19, Mom, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, and The Big Bang Theory.
Hertog had the opportunity to conduct research with Stephen Hawking in the field of cosmic inflation, a branch of the Big Bang theory.
He led a research group studying the relationship between the Big Bang and string theory, with the idea that concepts like space and time lose their meaning.
Chak Ngaeo or Ban Chak Ngaeo (or spelled: Chakngeaw; ; lit: Chak Ngaeo Village; ; pinyin: Chá gé) is a community and village located in Tambon Huai Yai, Bang Lamung District, Chonburi Province, eastern  Thailand.
In March 2017, Jordan was cast as Sheldon Cooper's older brother George "Georgie" Cooper, Jr. in The Big Bang Theory spin-off Young Sheldon.
Ambica Schin of Khaleej Times gave the film four stars out of five and sums up, "If you are on the lookout for a totally masala, paisa vasool movie to end the year with a bang, we recommend you watch Simmba.
He is a solo artist as well as lead vocalist and co-founder of alternative rock band Zen From Mars which includes members of Bang Tango, Enuff Z'Nuff, Flipp, and Fear Factory.
Taewon Bang clan () was one of the Korean clans.
According to the research in 2000, the number of Taewon Bang clan was 52.
Masjid Darul Abideen, Masjid Al Bayaan, Masjid Bang Uthit, Masjid Assalafiyah etc.
and Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!.
In 2017, she was cast as the character Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!, where she became part of the band Roselia.
Muan Bang clan () was one of the Korean clans.
According to the research in 2000, the number of Muan Bang clan was 331.
The bout was subsequently rescheduled for ONE Championship: Big Bang on December 4, 2020 and it was confirmed that he would have to compete without his coach, John Danaher, in his corner for the first time due to travel restrictions in place in Singapore.
Bang Jun-seok (born August 1, 1970) is a South Korean film score composer and music director.
Bang Khae Market is a market along the Khlong Phraya Ratcha Montri or simply Khlong Ratcha Montri (คลองพระยาราชมนตรี; Phraya Ratcha Montri Canal).
Bang Khae Market's origins is an area that is a traditional community.
Today, Bang Khae Market is a market for selling many kinds of goods such as raw meat, fresh seafood, dry food and ready meals, fruits and vegetables, as well as cheap clothes.
The season premiere was watched by 18.44 million viewers and had a 5.2 rating in the 18–49 demographic, the highest rated Tuesday entertainment telecast in six years among adults 18–49, and television's highest rated comedy telecast on any night in 3.5 years, since The Big Bang Theory in September 2014.
Speolabeo musaei is a species of cyprinid cavefish endemic to the Xe Bang Fai River in Laos.
Kollegah started working on King in early 2013, following the release of his second collaborative studio album, Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 2, alongside German rapper Farid Bang in February 2013.
The area of Bang Krabue on Samsen.
It's the road along the Chao Phraya river to Bang Sue, the district is adjacent to the province of Nonthaburi.
It connects the Chao Phraya river and meet Khlong Prem Prachakon (Prem Prachakon canal) in the area of Wat Bang Krabue bridge.
There is a megaproject to build a bridge across the Chao Phraya River, 5.9 km (about 3 mi) long, to Charan Sanitwong Road in Thonburi's Bang Phlat District.
It passed down to the south from Si Kak Sao Chingcha through Chao Por Suea Joss Hose, Wat Mahannapharam, including Democracy Monument on Ratchadamnoen avenue and to the end in front of Wat Bowonniwet in Bang Lamphu area.
DOTGA: Da One That Ghost Away (stylized as Da One That Ghost Away) is a 2018 Filipino horror comedy film directed by Tony Y. Reyes and starring Ryan Bang, Kim Chiu, Enzo Pineda and the duo of Maymay Entrata and Edward Barber in their second film after Loving in Tandem (2017).
Ryan Bang as Jerald "Jeje" Zee-Yan
"When I Wake Up Tomorrow" is a song by American rock band Cheap Trick, which was released in 2016 as the second and final single from their seventeenth studio album Bang, Zoom, Crazy... Hello.
To promote the album, German rappers Kollegah and Farid Bang announced a limited box set that included the CD, an EP, a DVD, a T-shirt, a poster, three stickers, and a Matryoshka doll.
The album features guest appearances by Ufo361, Farid Bang, KC Rebell, Bausa and AK Ausserkontrolle among others.
Later on, in 1939, amphoe Bang Yi Ruea was renamed to Amphoe Thon Buri to commemorate King Taksin, and it has been modified several times until the sub-district status as today.
In early July US intelligence indicated that a PAVN/VC unit had returned to Dodge City and a battalion sized cordon of the village of Tay Bang An () was planned.
The Marines gradually tightened the cordon around Tay Bang An, engaging in small skirmishes with PAVN/VC, eventually killing 20 and capturing 14 by the end of the operation on 17 July.
Taksin Bridge across Chao Phraya river above and adjacent to the Saphan Taksin BTS station in the side of Bang Rak.
Faegre's music has been performed at many festivals around the world, such as November Music, Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, Aspen Music Festival and School, Cabrillo Festival of Contemporary Music, and Bang on a Can.
 Asimov's Chronology of the World: The History of the World From the Big Bang to Modern Times (1991) 
The song was produced by DJ Swivel, Candace Nicole Sosa, Bang Si-hyuk, Supreme Boi, Adora, and BTS' leader RM, and was complimented for its synth-pop style and tropical house elements.
Khlong Sathon starts from the eastern Chao Phraya River under Taksin Bridge near the Chaloem Phan 53 Bridge, on the border between Sathon and Bang Rak districts and continues along the length of Sathon Road.
DC also had the issue tie in to an episode of The Big Bang Theory where the character of Sheldon Cooper attempts to buy the comic, but is interrupted by Neil Gaiman (playing himself).
It was produced by UTA, with "hitman" bang, Hiro, Pdogg, SUNNY BOY, & UTA writing lyrics for the piece.
"Niche Segregation in Microhabitat use of Three Sympatric Cyrtodactylus in the Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park, Central Vietnam".
"A third new Cyrtodactylus (Squamata: Gekkonidae) from Phong Nha-ke Bang National Park, Truong Son Range, Vietnam".
It is located at a natural border between the Bang Khun Thian and the Thung Khru districts.
Khlong Bang Mot has a popular floating market.
Bang Khun Thian District
Not with a bang but a whimper”, from the poem ‘The Hollow Men’ by T.S.
Alongside the film's initial announcement, it was confirmed that Guy Pearce, Claes Bang, Vicky Krieps, and Roland Møller had been cast in film's lead roles.
It is situated near Khaosan Road in the Bang Lamphu neighbourhood in the Phra Nakhon district.
He was involved with promoting various successful musicians and their work for RCA Records, Sunbird Records, Atlantic Records, and Bang II Records.
Carl Fredrik Bunæs (twice 100 m champion) returned to win a third title, this time in 400 m. Athletes to defend their 1963 titles included Bengt Persson (steeplechase) and Bjørn Bang Andersen (shot put).
Diana Bang as Ruby Kim
In Thailand, there is a story of a Lady in Red that is believed to be a spirit who drowned in the Bang Pakong River.
Witnesses claim to see her while driving their cars across the bridge of the Bang Pakong River at night.
Three years earlier, in 2011, Billy had filed a lawsuit against Chaiwat over the May 2011 destruction and burning of houses, and eviction of over 20 Karen families living in Jai Paen Din, meaning 'heart of the land' in the park's Pong Luk Bang Kloy village, in the Huai Mae Phriang Sub-district of Kaeng Krachan District.
In May 2011, Kaeng Krachan National Park officers forcibly evicted and burned about 100 houses and rice barns of Karen villagers in Pong Luk Bang Kloy.
Why is the distant universe so homogeneous when the Big Bang theory seems to predict larger measurable anisotropies of the night sky than those observed?
Moorer commented that "Despite its flaws and imbalances the fast pace and brisk combat gives the biggest bang for the buck in PBM today.
The Saphan Mai area covers two sides of Phahonyothin Road for about three kilometres (1.8 mi) from south, Anusawari Lak Si Circle, to north, Saphan Sukoranakhaseni, a bridge that spans Khlong Song or Khlong Thanon and connects Bang Khen, Sai Mai, and Don Mueang Districts.
The British Dispensary used to occupy premises on the corner of Surawong Junction, in what was then the commercial centre of Bang Rak.
It was written by "Hitman" Bang, RM, and Pdogg, with the latter as producer.
The main foundation of it was created by him, while the rest of the song-making process was handled by Pdogg and "Hitman" Bang.
Residents reported hearing a loud bang immediately followed by the rushing of "a sea of water".
When King wanted to alert the masses about an upcoming rally, he would bang on the ceiling of his office, directly under WERD’s air studio.
Customs & Mores Weekly (Phong-Hóa tuần-báo) and Today Weekly (Ngày-Nay tuần-báo) published cartoons such as Bang Bạnh - Xã Xệ - Lý Toét.
(1982 - Side A: "Biff Bang Pow!
She recognised that multiferroic hexagonal manganites exhibited the same symmetry as those proposed shortly after the Big Bang, testing phenomena that occur on galactic scales with those that occur in a laboratory.
Said Boston pilot Jack Peppiatt "After a few minutes settling down it all went up with a bang as Fw 190s appeared.
However, Sieng Gong is the name of place which origin the quality secondhand auto-part and make other places use this name such as Sieng Kong Bang Na, Sieng Kong Chiang Mai, Sieng Kong Rangsit, Sieng Kong Nakhon Pathom etc.
Ibushi and The Young Bucks performed the More Bang for Your Buck.
It runs from Mahai Sawan intersection in Thon Buri District through Bukkhalo intersection and Krungthep Bridge across Chao Phraya River to Phra Nakhon side (east bank of the river) and ends at Thanon Tok, connecting Charoen Krung Road and Rama III Road in Bang Kho Laem District.
That summer they went on the European festival circuit, including return engagements at the Rock Hard Festival and the Bang Your Head!!!
It is a main transport route in the area of Bang Rak, Sathon and Yan Nawa districts.
Thep Mongkhon (, ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Bang Sai District, in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, Thailand.
 Lars Ericson and Tom Ware -- The Big Bang (1990)
The bridge spans Khlong Phadung Krung Kasem (Phadung Krung Kasem canal) on Ratchadamnoen avenue  (section outer Ratchadamnoen) on the border of Bang Khun Phrom sub-district, Phra Nakhon district and Wat Sommanat sub-district, Pom Prap Sattru Phai district with Dusit sub-district, Dusit district.
Vhong Navarro, Amy Perez-Castillo, and Vice Ganda also returned as hosts and Kim Chiu was added as the newest host after being a guest host in Quarter 1, with Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts and gong masters.
Season 2010-2011 was Scholmeijer's final season as a player and he closed off his career with a bang.
G. adleri is found in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China, and in Cao Bang Province, Vietnam.
An English dub produced by Aniplex of America and Bang Zoom!
In 2012, she had a voice-over for Ky Bang Ha 4 alongside Chi Tai, after this project, she joined the reality show 12 Ca Tinh Len Duong Xuyen Viet.
He is also known for being one of the most notable researchers who advocated for a Cold Big Bang theory.
The first of these was called Bachman's Warbler (1990), which was written for harmonicas and twelve boomboxes and premiered at Bang on a Can Marathon in New York City in 1992.
James Saito, Michelle Buteau, Vivian Bang, Daniel Dae Kim and Keanu Reeves also star.
 Vivian Bang as Jenny
Vhong Navarro, Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo, and Vice Ganda served as hosts for the kids season, with Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts.
Elizabeth Margaret Bang  – of Hamilton.
In 2015, Arens was recruited as a guitar player for alternative rock band Zen From Mars, which also includes members of Kik Tracee, Enuff Z'Nuff, Bang Tango, and Fear Factory.
Mang ii tusuan kil bang khang ing, zang a pehsik gawm ing, ka kiim a mi siah seu in kai ing,
Nih thum siik in gua bang hing ing, ka zua thakiat nua’n ah e, Ka vang khuakiim ah azam hi;
Diana Bang as Freddie.
Bang Won-sun was a South Korean basketball player.
His research concerns the physics of black holes and neutron stars, gravitational collapse and the development of black holes, gravitational waves from the inspiral of neutron stars and black holes in binary systems, the dynamics of large N-body, cosmological questions (big bang nucleosynthesis), and neutrino astrophysics.
In September 2017, Kollegah and Farid Bang announced the release date of third collaborative studio album, Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3.
It broke the highest weekly points in the Gaon Digital Chart, previously held by labelmate Big Bang with the single "Flower Road".
Vhong Navarro, Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo, and Vice Ganda reprised their roles as hosts for the third season, with Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts as well as the Gong.
Bang Luang Mosque is not far away from other religious houses of worship viz Wat Prayurawongsawat, Wat Kalayanamitr, Santa Cruz Church and Kian Un Keng Shrine.
The Good Place was the second most-watched show on NBC for the night (behind The Voice), first in its timeslot and fourth for the night in the 18–49 demographics, behind Kevin Can Wait, The Voice, and The Big Bang Theory.
The current flows north through many historical and cultural landmarks, such as  Ansorissunnah Royal Mosque, National Museum of Royal Barges, Wat Suwannaram, Thon Buri railway station, Wat Amarintharam, and Wat Si Sudaram, a Thai temple known as the place where Sunthorn Phu studied in his childhood, as well as Wat Bang Oi Chang in Nonthaburi Province, etc.
He realized after touring with the English rock band The Rolling Stones on their A Bigger Bang concert tour that he could not captivate audiences as well with his most complex lyricism and technical rapping.
Baltz has also appeared on the podcast Comedy Bang!
 Will & Grace – Peter Beyt (Episode: "Grandpa Jack") (NBC) The Big Bang Theory – Peter Chakos (Episode: "The Bow Tie Asymmetry") (CBS)
 'Saturday Night Live (Episode: "Host: Donald Glover") (NBC) The Big Bang Theory (Episode: "The Bow Tie Asymmetry") (CBS)
In the 1980s she was a senior systems analyst with the Chase Manhattan Bank in London working on projects related to the financial Big Bang, later becoming a freelance consultant specialising in databases and expert systems.
He was described by the Financial Times as a "gentleman banker", and one of the last of "an almost extinct breed" from the pre-Big Bang era.
The Financial Times described him as a "gentleman banker", one of the last of "an almost extinct breed" from the pre-Big Bang era.
The Bristol recording sessions are widely regarded as “the Big Bang of country music.” A significant motivation for releasing the album was the sonic breakthrough that the American Epic film sound department had made in transferring and restoring the old shellac 78rpm discs for the film’s soundtrack.
The series is co-produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi for Big Bang Entertainment.
Birzebbuga returned again in 2017, and were back with a bang by winning their first knockout match against Otters A.S.C.
On 13 January 1979, she was transferred to Bang Kwang Central Prison in Nonthaburi Province for execution.
Gasem was executed at Bang Kwang on the same day as Ginggaew.
In June 2021, the mobile rhythm game BanG Dream!
Bang Yeol (born 10 October 1941) is a South Korean basketball player.
In 2015, Wilde was named a Bang on a Can Summer Festival Fellow and worked with composers David Lang, Julia Wolfe and Michael Gordon at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art.
His music has been programmed at festivals and venues such as the Lincoln Center Out of Doors, Carnegie Hall, Symphony Space, Aspen Music Festival, Tanglewood Music Festival, Cabrillo Festival of Contemporary Music, Bang On A Can Music Festival, Centro Nacional de Difusion Musical, and others.
 Bhojpuri Kokila Samman by Pashchim Bang Bhojpuri Parishad, Kolkata
According to Variety, Merrill refused and withdrew from the project entirely, signing on with the Shubert Brothers to work on their upcoming show, Biff Boom Bang.
Though Biff Boom Bang did not materialize, Merrill, along with lyricist M.K.
On February 2, 2009, the company started running a cable and satellite television channel named Bang Channel by moving some of the TV shows which were aired on Channel 5 to its own channel, and began to produce different television programs in other genres aside from game shows and music shows.
Serial is produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment.It is based on the real life of mentally challenged girl Nanu better known as Naazo.
 Bang (2013) [Director of Photography]
| rowspan=2|A Bigger Bang Tour
| rowspan=4|A Bigger Bang Tour
It was later announced that Diana Bang had been cast as Doctor Allison Mann.
Farid Bang – Der letzte Tag deines Lebens
Farid Bang – Asphalt Massaka 3
 Han Soo-yeon as Bang Woo-jeong
Kollegah and Farid Bang released their third collaborative studio album, Jung, brutal, gutaussehend 3 in December 2017 to big commercial success.
German tabloid paper Bild accused Farid Bang and Kollegah antisemitism on their song "0815" on the §185 ep.
When he came down with gout, he began using a cane to bang on the floor.
Native's clients include Anheuser-Busch InBev, Audi, Bang & Olufsen, Baxter International, BBC, Bentley, Bowers & Wilkins, Canal+ , Coloplast, Diageo, Here, Hewlett-Packard, Illumina, Microsoft, Nespresso, Novo Nordisk, Pernod Ricard, SFR , Skype, Banco Santander, and Veon.
 Alberto Bang as Gordi
As an actress, Johnson has appeared in Inherent Vice, Comedy Bang!
In 2014, she landed a role in Paul Thomas Anderson's Inherent Vice as well as Comedy Bang!
Bang!, and went on to book roles in Drunk History, Angie Tribeca, You're the Worst, and Hollywood Darlings.
Oregon reporters missed the story of a failing health exchange—until they didn’t: After a slow start, the state press corps recovers with a bang Trudy Lieberman, CJR May 5, 2014
The crackling chemistry between Kartik Aryan and Kriti Sanon is bang on and looks refreshing."
The project featured collaborations with Kanye West and Fredo Bang.
The cast learn from the information on the white board that there a loud bang occurred and the staff in the university tried to keep a secret about the incident.
Bang Sung-hyeon (), better known by his online alias JJonak (), is a South Korean professional esports player, best known as a competitive Overwatch.
Bang signed with the New York Excelsior (NYXL) for the inaugural season of the Overwatch League.
Following the 2021 season, Bang left the NYXL and signed with the Seoul Dynasty.
Bang "JJonak" Sung-hyeon was raised in Seoul, South Korea.
Bang professionally debuted with New York Excelsior in January 2018.
Through this point of the season, Bang, playing as Zenyatta, had the highest player rating among all Overwatch League players for any individual character.
Bang received several commendations for his performance in the 2018 regular season.
Bang and New York had somewhat successful 2019 regular season, posting perfect 7–0 records in both Stage 1 and Stage 3; the team finished the regular season with a 22–6 record.
In the 2019 playoffs, the team defeated the London Spitfire and Atlanta Reign in the first two rounds, with Bang primarily playing as the character Moira.
Bang said that this choice was due to his usual characters, Ana and Zenyatta, being ineffective given the current team composition meta of the league.
Following the 2020 season, the NYXL released all of their players except for Bang, who the team re-signed.
Following the 2021 season, Bang parted ways with the Excelsior.
In October 2021, Bang signed with the Seoul Dynasty.
Citing continuous health issues, Bang announced that he would be "tak[ing] a break" from competitive Overwatch.
Bang also won the most valuable player award for this tournament.
While Zenyatta traditionally plays a support role on Overwatch teams, primarily healing and boosting allies and secondarily dealing damage, Bang is known for using the character's high damage output.
After Aronsohn's retirement from The Big Bang Theory, Aronsohn decided to make the documentary about the band and try to get them to reunite to play one more show.
Brennan Carley of GQ called Hustlers the best movie of 2019 to date, noting: "starting with a bang is one thing, though; maintaining that energy throughout its entire run-time is what makes this strippers-turned-criminals flick such a masterful feat."
Lindsay (Metro) pointed out that the episode "starts with a bang – and ends in tragedy."
Pick the Plot makes a substantial attempt to break the fourth wall, not only in its gamebook genre but also due to its plot twist in which Owen discovers that the fictional and nonfictional worlds originated from the same universe before the Big Bang.
Winwin joined as dancer for NCT U's "The 7th Sense" at their first live performance in China at the 16th Music Feng Yun Bang Awards at the same month.
It is from her third studio album, Bang!
The series hit the number 1 slot on Apple's top chart after its release meaning it beat out HBO's “Silicon Valley” season 2, TBS's “Angie Tribeca” season 1 and CBS's “The Big Bang Theory” season 9.
He has an Erdős–Bacon number of 6, having appeared in Dennis Rodman's Big Bang in Pyongyang.
Music performed by Jon Hassell (Trumpet, Keyboard), Peter Freeman (Bass, Laptop), Jan Bang (live sampling) and Pete Lockett (Drums).
Commissioned from Arve Henriksen and Jan Bang by Norfolk & Norwich Festival and performed in Norwich Cathedral in May 2010.
Music performed by Arve Henriksen (Trumpet) and Jan Bang (live sampling).
Thorsøe, Angul Hammerich, Vilhelm Østergaard, R. Besthorn, Peter Nansen, Carl Ewald, Mathilda Malling and (from 1879 to 1884) Herman Bang.
Kasalanan Bang Sambahin Ka?
NPR's Rodney Carmichael suggested that the album is a parody writing, "[Eminem] may be going out with a cliché bang on Kamikaze, but he hasn't sounded more like himself in years", summing up his review with the critique, "Kamikaze may not be a success on the surface.
 Im Won-hee as Bang Sang-soo
'The supervisors would snap their fingers at you, bang the machine and push you'."
 2011: Chiddy Bang - "Opposite of Adults"
He is translator of numerous Norwegian and Danish works by Henrik Ibsen, Maria Parr, Linn Ullmann, Erlend Loe, K. O. Knausgård, Jo Nesbø, Merethe Lindstrøm, A. L. Kielland, Jostein Gaarder, Lars Svendsen, Espen Hammer, Tone Hødnebø, Dorthe Nors, Karen Blixen, Jakob Martin Strid, Kristian Bang Foss and Jens Bjørneboe.
 Low Jing Tiong as Hantu Bang Enam
The artists that he collaborated with included Svend Hammershøi, Ib Lunding, Olaf Stæhr-Nielsen, Palle Suenson and Arne Bang.
Hanh Nguyen of IndieWire gave the episode an "A" and wrote, "Atlanta closed its finale with a bang, but not the literal one that many viewers and been braced for since the season began with a barrage of gunfire, a vibe that then continued with ongoing depictions of danger and violence."
Other equipments include a Bang & Olufsen sound system, and an available Driver Assistance package with enhanced adaptive cruise control, automatic parking assist and night vision.
It was the highest-rated entertainment telecast since the series finale of The Big Bang Theory in May 2019.
The special was the highest-rated made-for-TV musical on any network since Grease: Live in January 2016, and was the top-rated entertainment telecast since the series finale of The Big Bang Theory in May 2019.
In South Korea, a huge hologram performance was held in 2014, involving Psy, Big Bang and 2NE1, which was possible because "Klive," a hologram concert hall funded by the Ministry of Science, ICT and Information and Communication and KT, was created.
"The Conjugal Configuration" is the first episode of the twelfth and final season, and 256th episode overall of The Big Bang Theory.
"The Proposal Proposal" is the first episode of the eleventh season, and 232nd episode overall of The Big Bang Theory.
"The Platonic Permutation" is the ninth episode of the ninth season of The Big Bang Theory.
At the Art Directors Guild Awards 2015, John Shaffner (production designer), along with Francoise Cherry-Cohen (set designer), and Ann Shea (set decorator) won the  Excellence in Production Design Award - Multi-Camera Television Series award for The Big Bang Theory for their work on "The Platonic Permutation", "The Skywalker Incursion", and "The Mystery Date Observation".
White Rabbit is a 2018 American comedy-drama film directed by Daryl Wein and starring Vivian Bang.
Attempting to land the TARDIS back in 21st century Sheffield, Ryan saw singing waterfalls made of pink crystals, a unicorn sanctuary on a lost moon and the Big Bang happening in front of his eyes.
Her earlier television work includes the IFC sketch comedy series Comedy Bang!
Suddenly, Chen Xiuying heard the bang of a gun; when she rushed into the room, she saw Sheng Shiqi fell to the ground and was killed on the spot.
The film was brought over to the US for an English language release in 2016, the English dub for the film was produced at Bang Zoom!
Campbell has worked as a producer and writer on shows including Comedy Bang!
Campbell served as an executive producer, writer, and actor on IFC's Comedy Bang!
Campbell wrote for the 2015 Primetime Emmy Awards with the entire Comedy Bang!
Bang music show on October 21.
Cosmological inflation is the leading theory of the first instant of the universe, called the Big Bang theory.
As a television writer, Wiger's extensive career spans a wide range of work including the FOX sketch show Party Over Here (where he was head writer), Sarah Silverman's I Love You, America, the long-running Comedy Central game show @midnight, and Comedy Bang!
Kollegah released his third collaborative studio album alongside German rapper Farid Bang, Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3, in December 2017.
She currently tours her writing including her debut collection Box Rooms, published by Burning Eye  and one woman show Talking to Strangers as well as hosting Bang Said the Gun, "London’s most raucous poetry night".
After Stefani engages in a gang bang at a private residence, the two women visit another hotel, where a client has responded to their Backpage ad.
The film is based on the book of the same name by Charles Willeford and stars Claes Bang, Elizabeth Debicki, Mick Jagger, and Donald Sutherland.
 Claes Bang as James Figueras
In April 2018, Claes Bang joined the film to play the lead role of James Figueras, a fiercely ambitious art critic and thief.
Nevertheless, Ephrat Livni writing for Quartz cites Hawking's belief that laws of nature alone suffice to explain the creation of our universe in the Big Bang, without any need for a creation act by God.
Claes Bang stars as the title character.
Claes Bang was set to star as the eponymous Dracula in November 2018.
In February 2020, Bang expressed his interest in a second series.
His weapon is a Ruyi Jingu Bang and his special power "Uproar" lets him create an object to disrupt his opponents' superpowers.
 Fengshen Bang (Investiture of the Gods), a mythological fiction dealing with the founding of the Zhou dynasty
 Giant moon balloon goes out with a bang, BBC Newsround, 12 August 2016
In 1929 plans were set up to build a Bang Rak Health Station for general treatment and paediatric treatment.
In this segment, Bang Napi delivered messages relating to the news that had been delivered.
Bang Napi usually convey a credo at the end of the message, which reads: "Kejahatan tidak selalu terjadi hanya karena niat pelakunya, tetapi juga kesempatan.
During the announcement So Hyun broke the news about Ji Jin-seok and Bang Jun-hyuk's departure due to health reasons.
On these albums he primarily works with the Big Hit production team, including company founder Bang Si-hyuk, and fellow BTS rappers RM and Suga.
The same day, she was confirmed to star in the upcoming pink comedy web series Adult Trainee'' as Bang Ye-kyung alongside Ryu Ui-hyun.
Some have been described also as supporters of the death penalty, "hard hand" on crime, Creationism (and opposition of teaching the scientific theories of Evolution and Big Bang on schools), corporal punishment for kids and harder laws for juvenile delinquents.
It was produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr.Ali Kazmi under their banner Big Bang Entertainment.
Almost instantly after the gunfire had stopped a loud bang was heard, this was the bomb that had gone off at Clancy's bar only a short distance away.
In 202 B.C., Xiang Yu was defeated by Liu Bang, his head was buried here.
 1 Balao-class (10 tubes: 6 forward, 4 aft): Bang
It is possibly one of the first stars, a star made almost entirely of materials released from the Big Bang.
L. boehmei was discovered in Ke Bang National Park, central Quang Binh Province, Vietnam.
The budget is a reported 350 crores but for the viewer there’s little bang for the buck."
The others were Nina Bang, Marie Hjelmer, Olga Knudsen and Inger Gautier Schmit.
 Best Producer – Bang Si-hyuk
The others were Nina Bang, Marie Christensen, Marie Hjelmer and Inger Gautier Schmidt.
The others were Nina Bang, Marie Christensen, Marie Hjelmer and Olga Knudsen.
The Next Top Bang () is an original Chinese reality variety show produced by Dragon Television.
"Song of the Great Wind" is a musical setting of three poems: "Reflections on Chang'an" by Song-era poet Kang Yuzhi, "" by Xiang Yu, and the titular poem by Liu Bang, Emperor Gaozu of Han.
By the beginning of the 19th century, 108 of the 134 mines in Vietnam were located in the northern highland provinces of Thai Nguyen, Tuyen Quang, Cao Bang, Lang Son, Tong Hoa, and Son Tay.
In August, the Nong Van Van's troop occupied the citadel of Cao Bang Province.
Rati Gupta (born February 9, 1984) is an American dancer and actress known for her recurring role as Anu, the fiancée of Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali in the CBS sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
She is also known as playing the adult version of Sheldon Cooper's twin sister, Missy, in The Big Bang Theory.
In 2008, and again in 2018, Henggeler took on the guest role of Missy Cooper, the twin sister of one of the show's main characters Sheldon Cooper, in the popular sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
Royal Bunker by Sido and Kool Savas, Jung Brutal Gutaussehend 3 by Kollegah and Farid Bang and Revival, by Eminem were the only other albums to top the chart for longer than a week.
An exploration of contemporary gender politics and rape culture, the novel centres on Karen Huls, a sophomore at university who moves in with a group of feminist activist roommates while simultaneously getting romantically involved with a member of "Gang Bang Central", a campus fraternity being targeted by her roommates due to its toxic and sexist culture.
Arthur Jeffries / Professor Proton in The Big Bang Theory
During Fredo's youth, he listened to Giggs and 50 Cent, stating "I remember I used to bang Get Rich or Die Tryin' every day".
Kim Min-kyo as Bang Hak-jae
 Bang Jae-min as Jang I-rip.
At this time the restaurant kitchen caught fire, his memory stopped with a loud bang.
The Blaze began their rookie signings with a bang on May 15 with the announcement that #1 overall draft pick (who they acquired when the Ohio Machine folded in April) Alex Woodall, face-off specialist from Towson had chosen the Blaze over Whipsnakes Lacrosse Club and the Premier Lacrosse League.
From a young age, Lisa gained an interest in K-pop idols, namely admiring artists Big Bang and 2NE1, and wished to someday follow a similar path.
Rei Wakana, a character in the media franchise BanG Dream!
"The Matrimonial Momentum" is the first episode of the ninth season, and 184th episode overall of The Big Bang Theory.
"The Conjugal Conjecture" is the first episode of the tenth season, and 208th episode overall of The Big Bang Theory.
His main argument was that the Slow Start theory explains the spectral redshift, that according to the Big Bang theory is caused by an expanding universe, in a simpler manner by instead assuming that time itself slowly accelerates.
Stephen Hawking in The Big Bang Theory
Denmark: The first ever female minister in Western Europe is appointed, when Nina Bang is appointed Minister of Education by Thorvald Stauning.
 Bernhard Bang (1923) University of Copenhagen Frederiksberg Campus 
 Kim Byeong-ok as Bang Dae-han, the CEO of B&G Law Firm.
Initially, StreetCinema mainly shot music videos for Eko Fresh and members of its German Dream label such as Farid Bang, Capkekz, SDiddy, Summer Cem and Manuellsen.
 Kim Kwang-kyu as Representative Bang Kwang-gyu
It is considered a unique dessert of the Kudi Chin community, but it has now been widely distributed to many other places such as Bang Lamphu or Wang Lang Market.
It is an area in the middle between Atsadang (run through Pak Khlong Talad to Sanam Luang) and Tanao Roads (run through Si Kak Sao Chingcha to Bang Lamphu).
Aria (Wie bang hat dich mein Lied beweint)
2018 The Echo Music Prize was heavily criticized worldwide when Farid Bang and Kollegah received the award for best hip hop/urban album in April 2018.
Marshall Bang became the first singer in Korea to debut as an openly gay musician.
The Emerald Buddha and Phra Bang were also taken to Thonburi.
The Phra Bang was also returned to Vientiane.
They have workers that took care of the house known as Bang Salim.
The fifth season, titled Happy, Happy, Bang!
Both the opening theme and the ending theme are "Happy, Happy, Bang!
Humboldt's white-fronted capuchin has been known to rub or bang food items against hard surfaces.
While serving in this role he was part of scheduling many successful CBS shows such as Bull, Blue Bloods, The Big Bang Theory, Young Sheldon, CSI, and NCIS.
Bang Ziakin A (1978)
"Ngaihlai Kan Bang Lo Che"
 Big Bang Mission official website (in Japanese)
Marshall Bang Smith, Trinity House
Suffolk Bang was a type of cheese produced in Suffolk from skimmed milk.
High grain prices at the start of the 19th century resulted in Suffolk farmers moving away from dairy production and as a result Suffolk Bang largely stopped being made.
The main consumers of Suffolk Bang were servants and labourers who couldn't afford anything better.
Plans for a second boy group from Big Hit Entertainment were announced by founder Bang Si-hyuk as early as 2017 and a date for early 2019 set in November 2018.
He most notably considers the journey of a universe consisting only of elementary particles, and how we can study these elementary particles to investigate the origins of the universe and the big bang.
Concerning the origin of life, Cline sets out on connecting the Higgs boson to the big bang.
 Andrea Bang as Stephanie Kim
With these ratings, Brooklyn Nine-Nine was the third highest rated show on NBC for the night, beating The Good Place but behind Law & Order: SVU and The Titan Games, third on its timeslot and seventh for the night, behind The Big Bang Theory Young Sheldon, Mom, Fam and The Titan Games.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "Hitchcock & Scully" was seen by an estimated 2.83 million household viewers and gained a 0.9/5 share among adults aged 18–49, beating The Good Place and Gotham but behind Law & Order: Special Victims Unit and The Big Bang Theory.
With these ratings, Brooklyn Nine-Nine was the second highest rated show on NBC for the night, beating The Good Place and Law & Order: SVU, but behind The Titan Games, third on its timeslot and seventh for the night, behind two reruns of The Big Bang Theory, Fam, A Million Little Things, The Titan Games, and Grey's Anatomy.
It inhabits rivers and estuaries in Laos and Thailand, including the Mekong, Bang Pakong and Chao Phraya Rivers.
After the khlong construction bill was promulgated in 1877, King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) ordered the extension of Khlong Phra Khanong to join Khlong Dan and link to the Bang Pakong River of Chachoengsao Province.
The Hilltop guards bang the fence to attract the walkers away from the baby, but it doesn't work.
 Bang Jun-ho as planning manager
Live at the River East Art Center is a live album by Kahil El'Zabar's Ritual Trio, with special guest violinist Billy Bang, that was recorded in Chicago in 2004 and released on the Delmark label.
In his review for AllMusic, Michael G. Nastos notes "This recording for El'Zabar and his revamped trio including longtime member saxophonist Ari Brown and guest violinist Billy Bang is the first offering with bassist Yosef Ben Israel filling the chair of the late Favors.
Everyone, particularly Bang, sounds inspired, and this disc ought to whet appetites for the group's next Delmark release, Big M, A Tribute to Malachi Favors, recorded the same week".
"Restriction") is a 2019 Pakistani supernatural horror drama series co-produced by Fahad Mustafa, and Dr. Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment.
Big M: A Tribute to Malachi Favors is an album by Kahil El'Zabar's Ritual Trio, featuring violinist Billy Bang, that was recorded in Chicago in late 2004 and released on the Delmark label.
They actually create a high level of excitement for what lies ahead ... Brown and Bang serve as ideal frontline partners throughout the album, with the saxophonist’s often gruff tone complementing a violin performance that combines an equally rugged attack with an often gentle sense of lyricism".
Rap Team's member Bang Junhyuk and Vocal Team's member Shin Yechan are trainees of Top Media Entertainment.
Bang Junhyuk debuted in 2020 with the group MCND.
Billboard said "Moderation" "starts with a bang, a rousing intro", and that "Haunted House" "reveals Welch's somber side, with a tender piano accompanying Welch's lilting voice".
But even if by some disaster the show goes to crap after this, at least this era of the series ended with not with a bang — although there were plenty of those along the way — but with a song.
This understanding will help scientists refine the fine-structure constant and help to establish where it has remained constant since the Big Bang.
Bio, For the People, Miss USA 2019, S.W.A.T., Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Life in Pieces, Superstore, Mom, Station 19, Grey's Anatomy, Young Sheldon, and The Big Bang Theory.
Kunal Nayyar, actor, CBS's The Big Bang Theory
A passenger who survived that accident told to media, "I heard a loud bang and fell on the floor of the coach.
It explains the Big Bang and evolution and tells children how they are connected to the great big universe.
It tells a story about the Big Bang and about the creation of our earth.
 Fredericia: Peter Georg Bang, amtmand (replaced by Peter Carl Christian Holck after being appointed as government minister)
Mutual and CBS big bang remotes were broadcast to a national audience from Casa Loma in the 1940s.
Mike Diana of Daily Press commented: ""City's Burning" is the only all-out rocker on the album, and even though it pales before what other female rockers have been doing of late, the cut gets the album off with a bang."
Bang Ji-seop (born 16 April 1974) is a South Korean volleyball player.
Raj Koothrappali, on the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory
The newly introduced cans of G-FUEL contain 300 mg of caffeine, which is significantly more than G-FUEL's energy drink competitors, but in line with recent canned energy drinks like Bang.
 Trippie Redd - UKA UKA, BANG!, Shake It Up, Gore, and Missing My Idols, from Life's a Trip
Battle of Gaixia fought between Liu Bang (Han) and Xiang Yu (Chu) in 202 BC, from which this term derives
However, "[...] when it comes to value and bang for your buck, AMD’s RX 570 is the clear choice overall."
A number of them, including A Draft History of Qin and Han Officialdom (), Biography of Liu Bang (), A Cultural History of Canals in China (), General History of Shandong (), General Cultural History of Shandong (), and General History of Chinese Acrobatic Art (), were awarded the Shandong Provincial Social Science Research Prize (First Class).
Still Here is the debut album by Australian band The Beasts, released by Bang!
And the swing keel can bang around in its trunk unless pinned in place, which owners sometimes forget to do."
Jin Xi () was a general under Emperor Liu Bang.
In 209 BC, Jin "joined in the attack on Qin forces, defeating Li You", for which Jin received various titles and honors from Liu Bang including being named Commandant of Cavalry.
Moments after the helicopter went missing, Taplejung residents reported to the police that they had heard a loud bang and seen smoke and fire in the area.
Parelius Hjalmar Bang Berntsen, 85, Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
But with electronic and hip-hop drum and bass because I want it to bang and make your trunk rattle."
Other important summits are Korsgård Mountain, Mount Wyatt and Nina Bang Mountain.
Formerly called Wat Sak or Wat Bang Khun Phrom, it was presumably built in the Ayutthaya period.
During the reign of King Rama I (1782-1809 CE), Luang Wisut Yothamart (Troos) dedicated the land and houses of his deceased younger brother Khun Phrom (Sarat) as a temple in his memory, and it was named Bang Khun Phrom Temple.
Bang Eun-jung as Lee Da-seul 
Following her father's death, Xavier returned to Thailand in 1924 and became an obstetrician and worked for the Thai Red Cross Society, King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital, and the medical facility in Bang Rak District under the Ministry of Public Health.
Bang "JJonak" Seong-hyun
On July 11, 2018, Blizzard officially named support player Bang "JJonak" Seong-hyun the inaugural Overwatch League season MVP.
Unlike their first album, in which Kim Hyun-soo participated in, F-iV Story was entirely written and composed by other professional songwriters and composers; the title song, "I'm Sorry", for example, was written and produced by Bang Si-hyuk.
On the pretext of visiting an ill relative, Wei left Liu Bang and returned to his own lands, where he defected to Chu.
Liu Bang first sent his advisor Li Yiji to persuade Wei to surrender, but was unsuccessful.
He was captured in the melee and brought before Liu Bang.
Wei surrendered to Liu Bang, and was not reinstated as King of Wei, but was made a general.
After being cast as Banri Shiroishi in BanG Dream!
It was from 1750 to 1779 owned by bell-ringer at the Church of Holmen Oluf Bang (1710-1783).
 Bang Jun-ho (Ep.
The nightclub was often called "Seungri's Club", due to its affiliation with K-pop idol Seungri of Big Bang.
In August 2018, Baik Su-jin, a journalist at The Chosun Ilbo, described his story, among other rich celebrities, as a "rags-to-riches" story, adding that Seungri was a late bloomer in the spotlight, only coming into his own after the other Big Bang members were absent.
The SMPA said their quick response and follow-up investigation was due to media attention garnered by the Big Bang K-pop group member Seungri's affiliation with the club.
The source of the KakaoTalk messages was revealed to be a lawyer, Bang Jung-hyun, on March 11, when he was interviewed on SBS Eight O'Clock News.
Bang, an economics graduate of Seoul National University, and a practicing lawyer, said of the chats, "Their conversations showed that there were not only sex crimes by celebrities, but also a cozy relationship between them and top police officers," and "It is someone higher up than [the Gangnam Police Precinct chief]."
He referred to the assessment Bang brought up on the SBS news program, of its being the beginning of a Korean Mafia, with K-pop's popularity creating celebrities of new money and status, who hobnob with business and government connections.
K-pop fans' reactions were mixed, some called for YG Entertainment to remove Seungri from the group Big Bang for tarnishing the group's image and having used the group's celebrity to promote his business, even waiting outside his agency's office for an explanation.
Kat Bein of Billboard wrote that "Flume still has that wonky quality, but [Hi This Is Flume] rightly reinvents his sound with some fresh bang," and claimed that the mixtape would "be the best 38 minutes of your day, hands down."
On March 10, 2021, Funimation and Aniplex of America announced the series would be dubbed by Bang Zoom!
In astronomy, the lithium problem or lithium discrepancy refers to the discrepancy between the primordial abundance of lithium as inferred from observations of metal-poor (Population II) halo stars in our galaxy and the amount that should theoretically exist due to Big Bang nucleosynthesis+WMAP cosmic baryon density predictions of the CMB.
Namely, the most widely accepted models of the Big Bang suggest that three times as much primordial lithium, in particular lithium-7, should exist.
Minutes after the Big Bang, the universe was made almost entirely of hydrogen and helium, with trace amounts of lithium and beryllium, and negligibly small abundances of all heavier elements.
The amount of lithium generated in the Big Bang can be calculated.
Dick Green, British musician in Biff Bang Pow!
rerun, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Fam, Superstore, Station 19, a Young Sheldon rerun, two The Big Bang Theory reruns and Grey's Anatomy.
 Bang M1922 rifle	(US, Denmark - Semi-Automatic Rifle - 6.5mm Krag, .30-'06 Springfield)
Other changes to the V10 version of the R8 include some aesthetic differences: such as all-LED headlights (a world-first), "V10" badging on the front fenders, interior enhancements such as Bang & Olufsen 465 watt sound system, a more aggressive body styling, larger rear brakes, a dual outlet exhaust system and different wheels.
R8 V10 and the R8 V10 plus come with the navigation system plus and the Bang & Olufsen Sound System as standard on-board features.
Bio, a Law & Order: Special Victims Unit rerun, For the People, Gotham, The Orville, Station 19, two Life in Pieces episodes, S.W.A.T., Superstore, Mom, Grey's Anatomy, and The Big Bang Theory.
She was part of national teams that clinched the 1995 Sudirman Cup in Lausanne, and the 1998 Uber Cup in  Hong Kong, She won the silver medal for women's singles at the 1995 World Championships by upsetting South Korea's Bang Soo-hyun in the semifinals before falling to Chinese teammate Ye Zhaoying in the finals.
It moved from the original location, Phutthamonthon Sai 2 Road in Bang Khae and was available for the first day on April 1, 2019.
In quantum chromodynamics (QCD), Brown–Rho (BR) scaling is an approximate scaling law for hadrons in an ultra-hot, ultra-dense medium, such as hadrons in the quark epoch during the first microsecond of the Big Bang or within neutron stars.
Its name after Khlong Bang Khun Non, a canal runs through the area.
It is located catty-corner from the district office on Bang Khun Non Road.
 Relache in concert at Bang on a Can Festival (New York, NY);
The first quarter started off with bang.
This may be the largest known explosion in the Universe since the Big Bang.
Saint Seiya: Big Bang Cosmo, a trading card game released on April 1, 2014 for Yahoo's and DeNA's mobile phone game portal, Mobage.
Bediuner (1959) is a documentary film shot by Danish photographer and filmmaker Jette Bang in 1959 as part of the Danish Expedition to Qatar.
 ChronoZoom – Project that visualizes time on the broadest possible scale from the Big Bang to the present day
Bang Saen Beach is about  long, maintained by Thesaban Mueang (town municipality) Saen Suk.
Its name, Bang Saen, comes from folklore about two young Chonburi lovers, Saen (แสน) and Sam Muk (สามมุก).
The sea at Bang Saen Beach is usually not clear.
But from October to February of every year, the sea at Bang Saen Beach is as clear as the Maldives, a natural phenomenon.
It is regarded as another interesting attraction in Bang Saen Beach area.
Bang Jae-ho as Birthday party boy
by Taiwanese singer Tzuyu, a member of South Korean girl group Twice, featuring Bang Chan of Stray Kids, was released.
One night, men disguised in goat skins and horns come to their cottage to bang on their door, call them witches, and say they should be burned.
Haggerty's next fight was against the Japanese opponent Taiki Naito at ONE Championship: Big Bang 2.
Frederik Barry Bang (1916–1981) was an American medical researcher who developed the Limulus amebocyte lysate (LAL) test for bacterial endotoxins.
Frederik Bang attended Johns Hopkins University earning an A.B.
Along with a colleague, Jack Levin, Bang is remembered for his development of the Limulus Amebocyte Lysate (LAL).
Bang was a leader in the use of marine models in medical research, especially immunology.
His wife was the biologist and illustrator Betsy Bang.
They had three children: Caroline (1941–1996), Axel and the illustrator Molly Bang.
Bang was named a National Research Council fellow in pathology at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine.
Bang and Lewis were awarded a Golden Goose Award for their work on the LAL test in 2019.
 Bang, Frederick B., and William C. Reeves.
Bang, Frederick B., and J. L. Frost.
Bang, Betsy G., and F. B.
Bang, Betsy G., and Frederik B.
Bang, Betsy G., Frederik B.
Bang, and Marie A. Foard.
Betsy Bang née Garrett (1912–2003) was an American biologist, scientific and medical illustrator.
While there, Betsy Bang became interested in the culture of the Indian subcontinent and learned to read Bengali.
She met Frederik Bang when she was studying medical illustration at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, and he was there as a first year medical student.
The children of Betsy and Fred Bang included Caroline (1941–1996), Axel and Molly, who illustrated her translations of folk tales and is listed as co-author.
Betsy Bang died at her home in Woods Hole, Massachusetts on October 31, 2003 at 91 years of age.
Betsy Bang is first author of works that appeared in numerous journals and books.
Bang, Betsy G. "Functional anatomy of the olfactory system in 23 orders of birds."
Bang, Betsy G. Functional Anatomy of the Olfactory System in 23 Orders of Birds: With 27 Figures and 1 Table.
Bang, Betsy G., et al.
His debut novel Bang was originally published on January 30, 2018 through Arte Público Press, a publisher of contemporary literature by Hispanic authors.
His novel Bang provides insight on the struggles of undocumented immigrants and the everyday and interpersonal negative effects of deregulating capital markets and lowering trade barriers in international trade, especially in regard to NAFTA.
 Bang (novel, Arte Público Press, January 2018)
2017 Distinguished Professor and Director of the International Research Center for Big Bang Cosmology and Elemental Genesis, Beihang University (Concurrency).
Bang Pu, literally 'place of crabs', was established in accordance with the ideas of Field Marshal Plaek Pibulsongkram while serving as Prime Minister in 1937 to be a place of recreation for people in that era.
A Bang Pu landmark is Saphan Suk Ta (สะพานสุขตา), a pier extending into the sea.
Bang Pu provides habitat for large flocks of migratory seagulls that migrate from Siberia annually in the early winter (around beginning of November).
Bands: Aloha Sluts - Bad Riders - Bang!
Bang Rin () is a town (Thesaban Mueang) in Mueang Ranong District of Ranong Province in Southern Thailand, and the location of the Ranong's provincial offices.
Gary Steigman (23 February 1941, New York City – 9 April 2017, Columbus, Ohio) was an American astrophysicist and astronomer, known for his research on primordial nucleosynthesis, particle physics in the first few minutes of the Big Bang, and relic particle abundance.
"The D&D Vortex" is the sixteenth episode of the twelfth and final season, and 271st episode overall of The Big Bang Theory.
Kristen McGuire is an American voice actress and script writer affiliated with Funimation and Bang Zoom!
The Times of India gave 3.5 out of 5 stars stating "The director missed a trick or two with the climax but gets almost everything else bang on, ensuring a hilarious entertainer that you wouldn't mind watching on repeat.
Firstpost gave 3 out of 5 stars stating, "iSmart Shankar is proof enough that Puri Jagannadh is back with a bang.
Karl Quinn of The Age wrote that the show "may have resolved itself" too quickly in dramatic terms, but Bran's ascension "made perfect sense" thematically according to the show's "anti-war and anti-despot themes...After all the bloodshed, butchery and burning, Game of Thrones ended not with a bang but with a ballot."
Similarly, Bang Wong, creative director of MIT’s Broad Institute, stated that visualizations can reveal patterns, trends, and connections in data that are difficult or impossible to find any other way.
Some restaurant in Bang Rak received Bib Gourmand awards twice in both 2018 and 2019 Michelin Guide.
Neighboring sub-districts are (from the north clockwise): Bo Hin, Na Mueang Phet, and Bang Sak.
Hassad ( Jealousy) is a 2019 Pakistani family drama television series produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment.
Moreover, there is another pier nearby provide ferry services to Ko Kret, a Mon settlement and another interesting cultural attraction of Nonthaburi, include Wat Toei in Tambon Bang Tanai as well.
In 202 BC, Zang swore fealty to Liu Bang, the founder of Han dynasty.
In 195 BC, Lu defected to Xiongnu, and the land was granted to Liu Jian (劉建), the eighth son of Liu Bang.
Shortly before the establishment of the Han dynasty, the Qin-era Dang Commandery (碭郡) was granted to Peng Yue by Liu Bang as the Kingdom of Liang, named after the synonymous kingdom of the Warring States period.
Six years later, Peng was executed on a fabricated treason charge, and the kingdom was granted to Liu Hui (劉恢), a son of Liu Bang.
| 2017-10-08|| Win ||align=left| Shunta || Big Bang ISEHARA || Kanagawa, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
It is co-produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under their banner Big Bang Entertainment.
Thanom took office as prime minister on 1 January 1958 at the request of his mentor Sarit who stayed at the health spa of Bang Saen to cure his liver affection.
Since the late Ayutthaya period, Bang Tanai was settled by a large number of Mon inhabitants.
They inhabit areas along the Chao Phraya River, such as Bang Khu Wat in Pathum Thani Province.
Bang is defined by the Royal Institute Dictionary as 'hamlet or community by the waterfront'.
Bang Tanai has an area of approximately 2,575 rai (4.12 km2), most of the area consisting of lowlands along the Chao Praya River.
She then wrote and directed the comedy Boy Toy, starring Mircea Monroe, Vivian Bang, and Morgan Fairchild, which was released by Lionsgate.
More began acting in pornographic films in 2010, and has appeared in scenes for multiple studios including Brazzers, Bang Bros, Digital Playground, Fake Taxi and Television X.
The reason it was called Ko San Chao (shrine island), because there is a shrine located at the center of the community, where Khlong Bang Ramat meet Khlong Ban Sai.
Bang Wokam (Gorovu language speakers)
The new season of the 10-week business reality show is a special and irresistible edition coming with a bang, as the Winner will walk away with a Cash Prize of N15 Million Naira, while the Top 1000 Contestants from Audition Stages will qualify for a funding of up to N3million Naira each courtesy, NYIF.
Yothaka railway station () is a railway station located in Bang Toei Subdistrict, Ban Sang District, Prachinburi Province.
In those days, there were three river mouth: Tha Chin, Chao Phraya and Bang Pakong.
One of these was Khlong Samrong, dug to link the mouths of Chao Phraya and Bang Pakong rivers.
In addition, the names of other khlongs near Samrong, such as Thap Nang, Nam Daeng and Bang Chalong, also have their roots in the Khmer.
The tradition originated from Bang Phli people picked lotus blossoms for the Mons from Phra Pradaeng to receive them for use in worshipping the Buddha at the end of Buddhist Lent, the day of the full moon in the 11th Thai lunar month (Wan Ok Phansa).
This was because in the past, Khlong Samrong where Bang Phli is situated was full of lotus plants, which grew only along the field side of the khlong where the soil was less saline, and where water quality was good.
 Inventing the Universe: Plato's Timaeus, the Big Bang, and the Problem of Scientific Knowledge, Albany: State University of New York Press, 1995.
While this film's intent is bang on, what it really needed was a heavier dose of humour and entertainment".
It has a starting from the west bank of the Chao Phraya River at the area beside the Royal Thai Navy Council passing Khlong Ban Khamin, which is the original city moat since Thonburi was the capital, to reach Khlong Bang Khun Si, also known as Khlong Chak Phra, which is the original Chao Phraya River.
Throughout the 3 km (1.9 mi) length of the khlong, there are numerous old and important temples such as Wat Khrueawan, Wat Nak Klang, Wat Phraya Tham, Wat Chinorot, Wat Khrut, Wat Pho Riang, Wat Bang Sao Thong, Wat Paknam Fang Tai, and Wat Ko.
Cantus (1992) for 11 solo strings, commissioned by Bang on a Can and subsequently broadcast on BBC Radio 3.
Ekkamai is a road that connects Sukhumvit Road in Phra Khanong Nuea Subdistrict, Watthana District with Phetchaburi Road in Bang Kapi Subdistrict, Huai Khwang District and spans Khlong Saen Saep canal in the tip phase.
The areas where people often used phongphang is near Khlong Lat Luang, Khlong Lat Pho, Khlong Song Khanong, Khlong Lat Thong Khung in Phra Pradaeng District of Samut Prakan Province and the area in front of Bang Phongphang School (which is now Chao Phraya Wittayakom School) which is near Wat Dan and Pak Khlong Mai.
He wrote the Bang and Olufson Book of Hi-Fi for non technical enthusiasts in 1977.
She locks the door just as Billy starts to bang on the door in rage.
Torssell states in his book, wikt:transcribed from the audio recordings of the radio, that a large bang was heard and that the captain sounded an SOS-alarm to the Swedish and Finnish authorities that the ship was sinking.
The area is served by the Bang Ramat Railway Halt of the State Railway of Thailand (SRT), whose Southern Line passes beside Taling Chan Floating Market and Taling Chan District Office.
At present, there is still an old wooden boat preserved at Wat Champa in Bang Ramat, believed to be the boat of Yai Wan.
From Argonavis (stylized as from ARGONAVIS, originally titled Argonavis from BanG Dream!
A rhythm mobile game by DeNa titled Argonavis from BanG Dream!
In November 2021, it is announced that the project changed its name from Argonavis from BanG Dream!
to From Argonavis, meaning the project is now a whole of its own instead a part of BanG Dream!.
franchise creator Takaaki Kidani stated that there will be no interaction between the girls in the main BanG Dream!
While the Argonavis project was originally planned as an extension of the general BanG Dream!
Unlike the original BanG Dream!
which is set in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Argonavis from BanG Dream!
In addition, Old Bang Phli Market (ตลาดโบราณบางพลี), a traditional marketplace and community lines along the Khlong Samrong next to the temple.
Regarded as another interesting cultural attraction of Bang Phli.
Both temple and market are situated behind Big C Bang Phli, Thepharak Rd km 13.
Girling Up: How to Be Strong, Smart and Spectacular Author: Mayim Bialik, illustrator: Siobhán Gallagher, Osnovy Publishing – Mayim Bialik is best known for the role of Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler in American sitcom The Big Bang Theory.
 2019: Sa Long Bang (ซาหลงบั้ง)
The romantic comedy drama series is produced by Apollo Pictures and iHQ, with Yeo Jin-goo, Bang Min-ah and Hong Jong-hyun as the main characters, and Jung Jung-hwa serving as director.
Wu Rui (died ), King Wen of Changsha, was an ancient Chinese general who helped Liu Bang establish the Han dynasty.
Wu Rui's followers included Mei Xuan  Méi Xuān) and his son-in-law Ying Bu, both of whom assisted Liu Bang and played a major role in his victory against Qin and Xiang Yu.
Bowman had referred to Big Bang as a "nonfiction novel."
In its review of Big Bang, The New York Times called Bowman "an abundantly talented writer."
Critics have compared Big Bang to Don DeLillo's Libra and Underworld.
A third novel, Big Bang, was published on January 15, 2019, by Little, Brown and Company.
27 October - Go Bang by Pnau
 Vivian Bang as Kathy
On July 9, 2019, HBO Max acquired the U.S. streaming rights to Friends in a $425 million deal, and on September 17, 2019, acquired the U.S. streaming rights to The Big Bang Theory, as part of a deal that also extends TBS's off-network rights to the series through 2028.
On May 29, 2020, HBO Max acquired the exclusive streaming rights to The Big Bang Theory spin-off Young Sheldon.
In its original broadcast, "Conventions of Space and Time" was seen by 3.08 million American viewers, placing fourth in its time slot behind The Big Bang Theory, American Idol, and Zero Hour, and achieved a 1.1 rating among adults 18-49.
Later, he moved to King's College under the Ministry of Justice at Bang Khwang Sub-district, Nonthaburi Province.
Washington's compositions have been performed by the Brooklyn Youth Chorus, Lior Willinger, NYU Orchestra, Angela Collier Reynolds, Face the Music Mika Quartet, Bang on a Can Festival Fellows, the Schiele String Quartet, and the Loud Box New Music Collective.
 One Day at a Time – Pat Barnett (Episode: "The Funeral") (Netflix) The Big Bang Theory – Peter Chakos (Episode: "The Stockholm Syndrome") (CBS)
Throughout Stage 1 of the 2019 season, Francesca had the top-selling Overwatch League jersey, ahead of the 2018 season MVP Bang "JJonak" Sung-hyeon.
Nam Tae-boo as Bang Jae-beom
Bang Eun-jin as Han Jeong-yeon, Se-ri's stepmother.
 Kim Soo-hyun as Won Ryu-hwan / Bang Dong-gu, a North Korean spy from Division 11, disguised as a village idiot (Ep.
Kerman has acted in shows such as on Adam DeVine's House Party, High Maintenance, Strangers, and Comedy Bang!
His first recording was "Kha Doay Pieang Din", but he became popular with the release of "Rak Jang Thee Bang Ba Khong", which he composed.
In another nine-out-of-ten review for No Ripcord, Joe Marvilli said "Nick Cave is still at his peak" and selected both "Jubilee Street" and "Distant Sky" as highlights, adding that "whether they arrive with a bang or a breeze, Cave's songs remain among the most impactful in all of music."
Later, during World War II, the Imperial Japanese Army had bombed Bang Nok Khwaek Watergate, in order not to transfer oil through, but did not damage anything.
The area is administered by the Subdistrict-municipality Bang Nok Khwaek (เทศบาลตำบลบางนกแขวก).
Bang Nok Khwaek  also consists of seven mubans (villages).
At present, Bang Nok Khwaek is well known as a tourist attraction in Samut Songkhram Province.
Bang Nok Khwaek Floating Market, a local market and historic community, with over 100th years of history on the Mae Klong River.
Yothaka () is a tambon (subdistrict) of Bang Nam Priao District, Chachoengsao Province, eastern Thailand.
The eastern line railway station, Yothaka, is in Bang Toei Subdistrict, Ban Sang District.
Pak Nam Yothaka, the confluence of the Prachinburi and Nakhon Nayok Rivers, is in Bang Taen Subdistrict, Ban Sang District.
He was dethroned after brutal fighting against Betawi and Madurese gangs, led by figures such as Bang Ucu and Abraham Lunggana.
| 2013-06-02 || Loss ||align=left| Yasuhiro Kido || Big Bang 13 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 3 || 3:00 || 2-1-0
Bang Ramat has 23 administrative villages.
It is named after Khlong Bang Ramat, a waterway that runs through the area.
The name Bang Ramat means 'place of rhinos' ['ramat'  is a loanword from the Khmer language].
Governmental administrative regulations were revised in 1985, promoting Bang Ramat to a subdistrict of Taling Chan District.
Bang Ramat can be considered as a central part of the district, with a total area of 5,836 rai (about 2,306 acres), divided into agricultural areas 1,729 rai (about 683 acres).
Neighboring subdistricts are (from the north clockwise): Chimphli, Khlong Chak Phra, Bang Phrom, and  Sala Thammasop of Thawi Watthana District.
The Bang Ramat Railway Halt is in the area of Taling Chan Subdistrict.
She debuted as the voice of BanG Dream!
Its name after Khlong Bang Chueak Nang that flows through the southern area and considered to be the main watercourse of locals.
The khlong that separates from the Khlong Mon to the south, along with Khlong Bang Noi which separates to the west.
Khlong Bang Chuek Nang  has a starting point from the Wat Ko temple and long flowing as far as converging with Khlong Thawi Watthana in the area of Thawi Watthana District.
Originally, Bang Chueak Nang was a tambon of Amphoe Taling Chan of Thon Buri Province.
Bang Chueak Nang therefore changed its tambon status to that of a khwaeng of Khet Taling Chan as it is today.
Bang Chueak Nang can be considered as a southernmost area of the district, with a total area of 2,178.75 rai (about 861 acres), divided into agricultural areas 1,183 rai (about 467 acres).
Bang Chueak Nang residents work in agriculture, government service and trade.
In 2018, she was cast as the character Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!, replacing Yurika Endō; as part of her responsibilities, she plays the bass for the band Roselia.
In May 2018, it was announced that she would be replacing Yurika Endō, who had announced her retirement from the entertainment industry, as the voice actor of the character Lisa Imai in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!.
In , Rui's army joined forces with the Han leader Liu Bang (the future Emperor Gaozu, at the time one of the rebel generals) and marched to the Guanzhong Plain, where they received the surrender of Ziying, the last ruler of Qin.
In 2011, Richard Curtis, in a piece for The Guardian on his affection for Scott and the Waterboys, commented: "If you're ever feeling low on energy and hope, pump up "This Is the Sea", "Don't Bang the Drum" or "Love Anyway" and life seems worth living again – worth living large."
Neighbouring subdistricts are (from the north clockwise): Wat Thep Sirin in its district, Rong Mueang of Pathum Wan District, Maha Phruettharam of Bang Rak District, Talat Noi and Samphanthawong of Samphanthawong District, and Ban Bat in its district.
Bang Baaja Baaraat (TV Mini-Series) (2015)
Wat Chaloem Phra Kiat Worawihan (; literally: "Glorify Grand Temple"), or simple known as Wat Chaloem Phra Kiat is a Thai temple in the area of Bang Si Mueang Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province on the Chao Phraya River, regarded as an ancient temple that is older than 160 years old.
Despite regularly having generally poor viewing figures, CBS revealed Love Island was the most-streamed show on CBS All Access during the summer television schedule, outpacing other summer series Big Brother as well as other popular CBS series including Survivor and The Big Bang Theory.
Heavy rain hit northern Vietnam from 29-30 May, resulting in serious flooding in Ha Giang, Yen Bai, Cao Bang and Thanh Hoa.
1996 "Big Bang Theory"
The Big Bang Club - "Chemistry" (Seamus Haji Remix)
The original status of this temple was aranwasi (อรัญวาสี; "dwelling in the forest"), in pair with Wat Bowonniwet Vihara, which was a khamwasi (คามวาสี; "dwelling in the community") in Bang Lamphu area in Rattanakosin Island.
 4 (3:25) "Ich schleiche bang und still herum" from Die Verschworenen (D. 787, 1823), with a libretto by Ignaz Franz Castelli (1780-1862), after Lisistrata, ou Les Athéniennes (1802) by François-Benoît Hoffman (1760-1828), after Lysistrata (411 BC) by Aristophanes (circa 446 BC-circa 386 BC); Judith Blegen, Charles Wadsworth (piano) and Gervase de Peyer (clarinet)
Usually, you get a bang and you think about getting back up.
Therefore resulting in many outstanding places of worship in the area also neighboring until the present viz Wat Kanlayanamit, Wat Prayoonwongsawat, Santa Cruz Church, Bang Luang Mosque, Kuan An Keng Shrine, Wat Buppharam Worawihan.
The station is located on the southern side of the Bang Phlat intersection near the western terminus of the Krung Thon Bridge.
It is situated in an old town zone called Ban Dong Bang.
Geum Bo-ra as Bang Duk-hee (Chung Yi's feed mother)
Bang Phai is a popular name used to call this area (shares with Khuha Sawan).
It is named after Khlong Bang Waek, that runs through the area.
Bang Waek can be considered as a northern part of the district, with total area of 2.29 km2 (0.88 mi2).
The prominent local temple Wat Bang Waek is in Khuha Sawan Sub-district.
 Canon Georges Lemaître (1894-1966), author of the Hubble–Lemaître law and the Big Bang theory, teacher at the faculty until his emeritus in 1964.
It is named after Khlong Bang Chak that runs through the area.
Bang Chak can be considered as the eastern part of the district, with total area of 1.50 km2 (0.57 mi2).
Another temple Wat Yang Bang Chak is situated in the area of Kukha Sawan Sub-district.
As such, the UniverseMachine program continuously produced millions of universes, each simulated universe containing 12 million galaxies, and each resulting simulated universe permitted to develop from 400 million years after the Big Bang, on up to the present day.
In September 2019, it was announced that Kingdom would be launching a television division, headed by The Big Bang Theory producer Mona Garcea.
Therefore causing locals to have a career that is different from the normal is to row a boat to pump fresh water from other areas such as Khao Takhrao, Bang Tabun in Phetchaburi Province.
McMurray started the year off with a bang, winning the 2010 Daytona 500 for Ganassi in his first race in the No.
The entrance of Ban Phan Thom community is located on the Phra Sumen Road near Saphan Wan Chat Intersection and Palace Gate Remnants in Bang Lamphu neighbourhood opposite to Wat Bowonniwet.
Neighboring sub-districts are (from north clockwise): Bang Khun Phrom, Wat Sommanat of Pom Prap Sattru Phai District, Bowon Niwet, Talat Yot, Chana Songkhram, and Wat Sam Phraya.
An urban area around Bang Rakam has more than 30,000 people.
One night, Jessica is awoken from a sleep by a strange bang or sonic boom.
Wat Bang Oi Chang also mentioned in Nirat Phra Pathom (นิราศพระประธม, "journey to Phra Pathom Chedi"), a poem by famous poet Sunthon Phu in 1842.
 Anthon Bang (1809 – 1870), Norwegian writer and publisher
He did pioneering work on television, appearing on Channel 4 Bang Khun Phrom, Thailand's first television station, as the lead actor in the country's first televised soap operas in 1956.
Bang Chang (, ) is a tambon (sub-district) of Amphawa District, Samut Songkhram Province, central Thailand.
Bang Chang's history dates to the Ayutthaya Kingdom.
Until the establishment of Amphawa District officially, Bang Chang were reduced to sub-district and changed the name to "Pak Ngam" (ปากง่าม), consisting of 12 administrative villages.
In the year 1941, its name therefore changed again to Bang Chang in accordance with the original name.
Khun Bang Chang (ขุนบางช้าง) was the first head of the sub-district.
Bang Chang was also the birthplace of Amarindra, the Queen Consort of King Phutthayotfa Chulalok (Rama I), and the mother of King Phutthaloetla Naphalai (Rama II).
Bang Chang have an area of 2,745 rais (4.39 km2, or 1.69 mi2).
Bang Chang is located 8 km (4.97 mi) from the downtown Samut Songkhram.
Most Bang Chang residents work in agriculture.
Bang Chang bird's eye chilli
Neighbouring subdistricts are (from the north clockwise): Si Yaek Maha Nak in Dusit District, Thanon Phetchaburi in Ratchathewi District, Wang Mai in its district, Maha Phruettharam in Bang Rak District, Pom Prap, Wat Thep Sirin, and Khlong Maha Nak in Pom Prap Sattru Phai District.
This was won by architect Ove Bang.
In 1923, Harald Peter Jørgen Valdemar Oxholm sold Tårnholm to merchant Carl Drost, who just a few months later sold it to Carl August Bang.
 (1923–1934) Carl August Bang 
He was scheduled to fight Roman Kryklia for the ONE Kickboxing Light Heavyweight Championship during ONE Championship: Big Bang.
| 2020-12-04 || Win ||align=left| Anderson Silva || ONE Championship: Big Bang  || Kallang, Singapore || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 ||17–1
He fought in a ONE main event for the first time at ONE Championship: Big Bang 2, when he fought the former ONE Flyweight Muay Thai World Champion Jonathan Haggerty.
| 2020-12-04|| Loss ||align=left| Jonathan Haggerty ||  |ONE Championship: Big Bang 2 || Kallang, Singapore || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
In the 1970s, Bang Lamphu consists of three main markets, namely Talat Yot, Talat Turian (durian market), and Talat Nana.
Neighbouring subdistricts are (from the north clockwise): Wat Sam Phraya, Ban Phan Thom (across Khlong Bang Lamphu), Bowon Niwet, Phra Borom Maha Ratchawang, and Chana Songkhram.
 Bang Jae-ho as Young police officer	
The forest was named after Khlong Bala, a natural khlong (canal) that flows into the Bang Lang Reservoir in Yala, which is a large stream originating from a tropical rainforest with tributaries from the Hala Mountaintop.
Originally, Bang Lamphu Lang was a name of all Khlong San area.
Today, alike to Bang Lamphu, although mangrove apples and fireflies have disappeared, but its name is still used for this area.
Bang Lamphu Lang (including other areas of Khlong San) in the past was the location of many large businesses, such as salt warehouse, fish sauce factory, wheat flour mill, saw mill, tannery etc.
Bang Lamphu Lang has an area of 2.47 km2 (0.95 mi2).
 Big Bang Theory Seasons 1-7 (Cryptozoic, 2012-16)
The subdistrict is named after Khlong Somdet Chao Phraya, a khlong (canal) that runs through the area to the west and ends at the Khlong Bang Sai Kai in the neighbouring district Thon Buri.
His Majesty the King allowed the Pattani Muslims to build houses and a mosque within the city walls, granting them land in Ban Tuek Din (along present-day Ratchadamnoen avenue near the Democracy Monument and Satriwitthaya School) and in Bang Lamphu (near Chakraphong road).
ARGONAVIS from BanG Dream!
Originally, Khlong San District was called Bang Lamphu Lang, until 1916 during the King Vajiravudh's reign, when it was part of Thonburi Province.
Thitipoom started as a model and became one of the new hosts of Bang Channel's Five Live Fresh in 2014.
Bang the World Tour was the fourth concert tour by singer Jane Zhang, in support of her sixth studio album, The Seventh Sense.
In Make the Music Go Bang!
Since 1989, he has been the scientific advisor to this organization and since 1998 has headed the BANG Group (Numerical Analysis of Non-linear Models for Biology and Geophysics).
The series was to be executive produced by Mayim Bialik and Darlene Hunt through Sad Clown Productions, Jim Parsons (Bialik's former co-star on The Big Bang Theory) and Todd Spiewak through That's Wonderful Productions, and Angie Stephenson and the original series creator and star Miranda Hart through BBC Studios.
Until 1998, the Ministry of Interior has merged certain areas of Nong Khaem and Phasi Charoen with Bang Khae, which is a newly established district.
Not to be confused with the Khlong Bang Phai station on the Purple Line.
Local farmers therefore respect Phosop (goddess of rice) and there was a shrine dedicated to her which still exists today inside Wat Siri Watthanaram where confluence of three khlongs Bang Phrom, Lat Ta Niao, and Latmayom.
Later the next day, therefore back by passing Khlong Bang Chueak Nang.
What is a pity that at present Bang Phrom do not have rice fields anymore.
Bang Phrom can be considered as the southeast part of the district, with a total area of 4.253 km2 (1.642 mi2).
Like other areas of Taling Chan, Bang Phrom is filled with many ancient temples and agricultural areas.
The eponymous Khlong Bang Phrom is a main watercourse of the area.
Ye Ji-won as Bang Eun-ji, a beautiful woman who lives in room No.
Examples of social deduction games include Mafia, in which only the mafia know who is mafia and what the mafia players' roles are; Bang!, in which only the sheriff's role is known to everyone; and Secret Hitler, in which only the fascists know who the fascists are.
Bewafaa is a 2019 Pakistani romantic drama television series, produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under the banner of Big Bang Entertainment.
In early Western Han dynasty, it became part of the Qi Kingdom under Liu Fei, son of Liu Bang, and his descendants.
Statlander performed a "Big Bang Theory" piledriver on Ford to win.
Brent Brookhouse of CBSSports.com said that "while AEW All Out may have ended with a bang in the form of a competitive and entertaining world title match, the lasting memories from the show will likely be the things that did not go as planned.
In contrast James Hanton of Starburst (magazine) asserted that, of the Viking movies in circulation, "this one punches above its weight in comparison to many" and Flash Bang Film Review commented that it "delivers a very high standard of action in front of the camera and strong filmatism behind it.".
Even a small amount of stress can be enough to compel her to bang her head on a hard surface in an attempt at suicide.
In the area of Bang Phlat that the road runs through, there are also two communities that conserve traditional Thai ways of life and play, were the creation of the Khon mask (Soi Charan Sanit Wong 71) and the angklung band of the local elderly (Soi Charan Sanit Wong 89, also known as Saeng Thong Community).
And Soi Charan Sanit Wong 86 is the location of Masjid Bang O, a historic masjid is remarkable with the architecture that combines Renaissance, Baroque, and Indian.
Rishtey Biktay Hain () is a 2019 Pakistani family drama television series on ARY Digital, produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr. Ali Kazmi under their production banner Big Bang Entertainment.
Feldman is also the founder of the Manhattan-based BANG!
Vhong Navarro, Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo and Vice Ganda served as hosts for the celebrity edition, with Ryan Bang, Jhong Hilario, Teddy Corpuz and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts as well as Gong.
Bang the Drum is an Australian pop rock band formed in Sydney.
Bang Si-hyuk (born 1972), South Korean lyricist, composer, producer, and record executive
It is an intersection of Ramkhamhaeng and Srinagarindra roads, not far from The Mall Bang Kapi.
Vietnamophryne orlovi in Phia Oac-Phia Den National Park, Cao Bang Province, northern Vietnam.
Its type locality is Phia Oac-Phia Den National Park, Cao Bang Province, northern Vietnam.
The road is located on the edge of Bang Rak and Samphanthawong Districts.
 : Former contestant on The Next Top Bang
The “Ilsabon” (an edition handwritten by Ilsa Bang Jong-hyeon, currently housed at the Kyujanggak Institute for Korean Studies at Seoul National University) is a handwritten version of the 37-page woodblock print created in Seoul.
This is the way the world ends, not with a bang but a whimper.
Nicole Kidman, Claes Bang, Anya Taylor-Joy, Ethan Hawke, Björk, and Willem Dafoe appear in supporting roles.
They would all be confirmed in December, along with the addition of Claes Bang to the cast.
 Jim Parsons – Broadway and television actor, co-star, The Big Bang Theory
The website's critical consensus reads, "Arrow kicks off its final season with a cosmic bang, harkening back to its origins and establishing the stakes of its dimensional conflict in emotional, rousing style."
Bang Jin-hyeok (born 5 June 1975) is a South Korean field hockey player.
It flows through the area of Thung Bang Kapi to the east at Chachoengsao Province.
It is regarded as the longest canal in the country, therefore it has various branches, such as Khlong Bang Kapi, Khlong Hua Mak, Khlong Chan, Khlong Tan, Khlong Chao Khun Sing etc.
And as a result, Bang Kapi area, as it was known to be extensive, has reduced its size as it is today.
Bang Kapi has most of the area between Phetchaburi (section New Phetchaburi Road) and Rama IX Roads.
It's time for the Rahman fans to celebrate as he is back with a bang!"
Bang Min-ah (born 1993), South Korean singer and actress
In 919, Svanholm was the following year acquired by the wholesale company Bang & Pingel.
What makes Bang Yi khan the most well-known is the location of a liquor factory believed to have been established since the King Rama I's reign in early Rattanakosin period.
The occupation of Bang Yi Khan residents in the past was the cultivation of rambutan and manufacture of lime for eating with betel and areca nut.
Pinklao is a popular name used to call this area (shares with Arun Amarin and Bang Bamru), this name after Phra Pinklao Bridge (usually shortened to Pinklao, or spelled Pin Klao), a bridge over Chao Phraya River and links Thonburi with Phra Nakhon sides, located in the area.
Bang Yi Khan is also divided into 13 communities.
ONE: Big Bang will be headlined by a featherweight kickboxing bout between Marat Grigorian and Ivan Kondratev.
A Heavyweight bout between newcomer Amir Aliakbari and Islam Abasov was previously scheduled for ONE: Big Bang.
ONE: Big Bang 2 will be headlined by a Muay Thai fight between Taiki Naito and Jonathan Haggerty.
Masoud Safari was scheduled to face Anderson Silva, but was removed from the card when Silva stepped up to face Aygün on ONE Championship: Big Bang card.
Helen is a 2019 Indian Malayalam-language survival thriller film directed by Mathukutty Xavier (in his directorial debut) and produced by Vineeth Sreenivasan under the companies Habit of Life and Big Bang Entertainments.
Big Bang Entertainments films
Bang Phai is considered an area where the majority of the population is still farming.
Vhong Navarro, Anne Curtis, Amy Perez-Castillo, Jhong Hilario and Vice Ganda served as hosts for the All-Star Grand Resbak, with Ryan Bang,  Teddy Corpuz, and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts as well as Gong.
| rowspan="4" |Ryan Bang
| rowspan="3" |Ryan Bang
| rowspan="7" |Ryan Bang
The female protagonist, Bang Gwanju, fights in a war and takes the civil service examination, even becoming betrothed to another woman while retaining her family surname, and thus displays many of the defining characteristics of the female hero fiction as a literary genre.
During the Ming Dynasty, a girl named Bang Gwanju is born in Beijing, China.
Yeong Huijeong tries to marry off his daughter and Bang Gwanju meets Yeong Hyebing in person.
Immediately perceiving Young Hyebin’s outstanding character, Bang Gwanju resolves to marry her.
Bang Gwanju is appointed to a government post and a few years later, she is dispatched to the provinces and separates from Yeong Hyebing.
Bang Gwanju is made into the commander-in-chief of the army and goes to fight in the war, where she defeats the King of the barbarians and receives his capitulation.
The Emperor thus appoints Bang Gwanju as his feudal lord and Yeong Hyebing is bestowed with the honor of being a feudal lord’s wife.
When their son, Bang Nakseong, turns twelve years old, he becomes engaged to Kim Hui’s daughter and takes the civil service examination, receiving first place.
His wife, Madame Kim, has a son and names him “Hyeon.” Bang Nakseong is promoted to the Ministry of Defense.
In the spring of the following year, Bang Gwanju suddenly becomes ill and has a premonition that she will soon die.
Of all works of female hero fiction, Bang Hanrim jeon remains the most problematic.
This is because both Bang Gwanju and Yeong Hyebing, the two women of the story, are fully aware of the oppression that women face in a patriarchal society and actively seek to ameliorate or escape this situation.
Bang Gwanju, aspiring to masculine values, disguises herself as a man and is active in the public sphere, eventually being appointed to a high position in public office.
Unlike other works of female hero fiction, where upon discovery of the female protagonist’s true identity as a woman, they revert to life as a woman, Bang Gwanju practically lives the entirety of her life as a man until her death and never returns to the life of a woman.
This emphasizes the way Bang Gwanju seeks to achieve equality with men by adopting or assimilating to a male identity.
Yeong Hyebing rejects the thought of being placed in a hierarchical marriage relationship and refuses to get married, but when she meets Bang Gwanju, she immediately realizes her true identity as a woman.
After they get married, Yeong Hyebing dutifully fulfills her roles as a wife to Bang Gwanju and mother to their adopted son.
See the entry for Nakseong jeon (another title for Bang Hanrim jeon) in the Naver Encyclopedia of Korean Culture: 
However, unlike the previous works where he dealt with wounds and pains caused by the war, Agaui bang (아가의 방 A Baby’s Room) (1970) more clearly describes the future-oriented mind.
 《아가의 방》, 문원사, 1970 / Agaui bang (A Baby’s Room), Munwonsa, 1970.
《아가의 방 별사(別詞)》, 문학예술사, 1983 / Agaui bang byeolsa (A Baby’s Room Appendix), Munhakyesulsa, 1983.
Hong Gyewol jeon); 3) works in which the female protagonist lives her entire life as a man with the simultaneous existence of another female protagonist that retains her female identity (e. g. Bang Hanrim jeon).
In this sense, Bang Hanrim jeon has also been interpreted as a work that enforces patriarchy and patriarchal values.
/ Jiguwie jogeumahan bang (A Small Room on Top of the Earth), Jisik, 1977.
If you are a fan of all things heavy and want something with a bit of a different spin on what you can bang your head to, then this might be your bag."
The tale is also told as a story about a real-life figure such as Bang Hak-jung, Kim Bok-seon, and Jin Pyeong-gu.
Dijakovic would try to go for Feast Your Eyes, but his back gave out, allowing Lee to perform a Big Bang Catastrophe on Dijakovic to retain the title.
When Chabuddy G arrives after tracking a Bang Boys van to the concert, Grindah has fled.
When the Bang Boys' turn on stage arrives, Chabuddy and Miki convince Taka's managers that he knows the dance routine and promptly leave.
The goal of The Tiny Bang Story is to find hidden objects in the form of jigsaw pieces and solve a series of 30 logical puzzles.
The Tiny Bang Story is notable in that it contains no spoken or written dialogue.
The Tiny Bang Story was developed by Colibri Games, an independent game development studio based in Kaliningrad, Russia.
The Tiny Bang Story got mixed reviews on release.
It forms the watershed between the Bang Pakong River basin to its north and several short rivers draining into the Gulf of Thailand.
She also appears as a frequent guest on podcasts such as Comedy Bang!
TVXQ made its debut as an a cappella group in 2004, and was followed by SS501 and Super Junior in 2005 and Big Bang in 2006, but were not as trendy as first-generation idols.
TVXQ and Big Bang were considered different from traditional idols as they created music that showed originality and maturity, and TVXQ in particular drew attention by releasing different albums from country to country.
 July 2: Picha, Belgian cartoonist, comics artist, animator and film director (Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle, The Missing Link, The Big Bang, Snow White: The Sequel).
Preben Bang Henriksen (born 11 February 1954 in Nørresundby) is a Danish lawyer, author and politician, who is a member of the Folketing for the Venstre political party.
The song was entirely written by both artists themselves alongside Albanian producer Big Bang who was additionally hired for the production process of the song.
Pratt controlled the website until August 2016; it was purchased in August 2019 by pornographic film studio Bang Bros and closed down.
Yeo is also the incumbent director of the Bang Il-young Cultural Foundation since 1993.
 Choi Kwang-je as Bang Da-hoo, Moon Seung-mo's best friend.
Corr started the 2012 season with a bang by winning the pole for the season opener at Daytona after Bobby Gerhart's time was disqualified.
As the locals bang on the door, Clara and Joel prepare to face them together as Joel lets out one final howl.
Statlander uses a 450° splash and an inverted piledriver as finishers, respectively called Area 451 and the Big Bang Theory.
Sanzigen returned to produce the series' third season, which follows the BanG Dream!
In 2018, two chibi spin-off series titled Pastel Life and BanG Dream!
A second season to Pico titled BanG Dream!
Jung later met Big Bang member Seungri at an awards show.
The SBS Eight O'Clock News revealed that the source of the KakaoTalk messages was a lawyer named Bang Jung-hyun, who was interviewed by the news program on March 11, 2019.
Bang said he obtained the messages from a whistleblower who was a technician at a phone repair shop where Jung had dropped his phone off for repairs.
The whistleblower had sent an email to Bang that contained thousands of messages taken from Jung's phone from a period of eight months in 2015 and 2016.
Bang told SBS he had forwarded the messages to the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission in February.
The victim's complaint followed an April 11 interview of Bang on JTBC's Lee Gyu-yeon's Spotlight, where he reported there were about ten photos and videos from the chatrooms that showed forced sexual assaults, sometimes by multiple members of the chat group.
Bang had met with some of the women from the videos, who were unaware of what had happened to them, perhaps due to having been drugged.
Fans of the single included German rapper Farid Bang and Nura as well as Polish rapper Schwesta Ewa, who expressed their support on their social media.
He made his directional debut with the Malayalam - Tamil-Hindi multlingual suspense-thriller The Big Bang (2019).
It covers a volume of 600 million light years from Earth and includes over 130 billion simulated particles, spanning its complete history from the Big Bang to the present.
24 February – Thailand – a freight train no.722 from Hat Yai Junction to Bang Sue and a passenger train No.37 collide head on at Pak Tho Railway Station in Ratchaburi at about 18:30.
 Bang Boss - vocals (track 12)
"Double Fiesta" (Meredith Monk & Bang on a Can All-Stars) — 5:34
In 2012, Becky officially retired from the sport of triathlon but went out with a bang, winning her final half-ironman distance competition, the Rev3 Florida Half-Ironman in Venice, FL.
On 2 February, Chonburi administrators selected venues in Mueang Chonburi District, Saen Suk City, Bang Lamung District, Pattaya City, and Sattahip District and Ambassador City Jomtien will serve for athletes accommodation.
The album features collaborations with Lil Baby, Blac Youngsta, Future, DaBaby, Summer Walker, Fredo Bang, and Megan Thee Stallion.
Favourite Comics-Related Movie or TV ShowWatchmenHeroesSmallvilleSurrogatesThe Big Bang TheoryFavourite Comics Related Website
 Scott Pilgrim vs. the World Kick Ass The Big Bang Theory The Walking Dead Iron Man 2 Favourite Comics-Related Website 
 Bang Eun-hee as Lee Man-ok
Bang Hyo-mun (born 8 September 1965) is a South Korean weightlifter.
DVD Talk praised "The Angry Family" for starting the sixth season out "with a bang," elaborating that it was "full of fun moments."
One such program is a big history project with Kathy Schick titled "Origins: From the Big Bang to the World Wide Web" which began in 2010 with a multi-year museum installation at the Mathers Museum of World Cultures as well as the permanent, multifaceted educational website which has been running since 2010.
He explained that the name comes from one of his favourite television series The Big Bang Theory in which Sheldon Cooper often uses the catchphrase "Bazinga!
Choi cited G-Dragon and Taeyang of Big Bang alongside American artists Kendrick Lamar, Asap Mob and XXXTentacion as influences towards rap and hip hop.
As the narrator passes the Aljube jail, the prisoners therein — miserable old women and children, no person of status in sight — bang on the bars of their cells.
Raphaël Vandeputte: BANG THE BOX, December 16–23, 2018.
However, they went out with a bang as they beat TCM Gaming 3–1 in the Grand Final.
When the team finally played its first official game on January 10 they opened with a bang, defeating Central High School 12–0.
The song was written by both artists alongside Albanian rapper BimBimma, while the production process was handled by Albanian producer Big Bang.
Albanian producer Big Bang was hired for the song's production process.
Song recordings produced by Big Bang
Lotten fra Hegra, nickname of Anne Margrethe Strømsheim, née Bang, (1914 – 2008), Norwegian resistance member
It was entirely written by both aforementioned artists together with Albanian producer Big Bang, who additionally handled the production process for the record.
Lasting two minutes and forty five seconds, "Dream Girl" was written by Butrint Imeri and Nimo alongside Albanian producer Big Bang, while the latter solely handled the production process for the song.
 Jo Mi-nyeo as Bang Ye-sil
 Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park (Vietnam)
Gray House: Stories] by Herman Bang.
"With its foot-tapping music, captivating dance moves and engaging script, it gives you bang for your buck and then delivers a social commentary that you take home with you," he wrote.
Lasting two minutes and twenty seconds, the song was solely written by the aforementioned rappers themselves and produced by Albanian producer Big Bang.
The production was solely helmed by Albanian producer Big Bang, who has previously worked with both rappers on various singles.
Lasting two minutes and thirty eight seconds, the record was solely written by the rapper himself and produced by Albanian producer Big Bang.
"Rio" was solely written by Ledri Vula himself and produced by his collaborator Big Bang.
Big Hit's in-house producers, Adora and Frants, led by co-CEO Bang Si-hyuk, participated in lyric-writing and the overall creative process of the EP.
Derrick Bang, Guaraldi historian and author of Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, commented that, "the importance of this album and its successor, the score to the Christmas special, cannot be overstated; rarely has an entertainment icon been so quickly — and firmly — welded to a musical composition...indeed, to an entire body of work from one individual.
Bang also noted that the album "represents one of the very few times a soundtrack was issued for a program that people never saw."
In 203 BC, the region was conquered by Han Xin, a prominent military general serving under Liu Bang, the later Emperor Gaozu of Han dynasty.
The Songkran festival in Khaosan Road, Khon Kaen Province, Pattaya, Bang Saen Beach and Patong will not be held, according to each municipality's announcement.
Founded in 2017 by composers Gemma Peacocke and Shelley Washington, all three of the collective's members are alumnae of the NYU Steinhardt Master's composition program, and studied under composers and Bang on a Can founders Julia Wolfe and Michael Gordon.
Bang and the Royal Danish Geographical Society in Copenhagen, Mawson procured fifty dogs from Greenland in July 1911.
As Bang was not a dog expert, Mawson made sure Ernest Joyce, the dog handler from Shackleton's Nimrod Expedition, was on hand to assist him.
Ahn Jae-Mo as Bang Joon-Seok
 Bang Joon-seok's personal maid and an accomplice of his wife's abductor.
Yeon Je-hyung as Bang Gook-bong.
The 12-piece band consists of members Choi Hyun-suk, Jihoon, Yoshi, Junkyu, Mashiho, Yoon Jae-hyuk, Asahi, Bang Ye-dam, Doyoung, Haruto, Park Jeong-woo and So Jung-hwan.
The finale finalized the septet—Watanabe Haruto, Bang Ye-dam, So Jung-hwan, Kim Jun-kyu and later followed Park Jeong-woo, Yoon Jae-hyuk and Choi Hyun-suk—under the name, Treasure.
 Bang Ye-dam () – vocalist
Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang offered a mediocre review, saying "everybody's allowed to be grotesquely self-indulgent once, but this overproduced album...is well-named even by the most magnanimous standards," added that Guaraldi's vocals are "untrained at best, off-key at worst, and ill-advised in both cases."
Bang points out that Guaraldi's "traditional acoustic jazz persona" is only represented by "Once I Loved" and Ervin Drake's "It Was a Very Good Year."
Big Bang members include Ye Zaw Myo, Mung Boih and Phyo Min Naing.
Within a year of the Big Bang, 75 of the 300 LSE member companies were foreign-owned.
Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang commented that the music Guaraldi composed for It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown "emphatically established the Peanuts musical personality," adding that the version of "Linus and Lucy" featured in the cold open sequence was "arguably the best arrangement…that Guaraldi ever laid down, thanks in great part to Ronald Lang's flute counterpoint."
Bang commented that the individual tracks "feature music only as it's heard in the animated special, with short edits, fades and some very abrupt stops…along with sound effects 'baked in'" which added "clutter" to the songs.
Johnsen was the son of Konrad Johnsen (1824–1900) and Margrethe Petrea Blankenborg Prytz Bang (1824–1901).
The Japanese music media franchise BanG Dream!
The premiere of the anime and launch of BanG Dream!
The first band in the BanG Dream!
The first season of the anime focuses on Poppin'Party's creation and efforts to perform at live house Space, while the second and third respectively detail their organization of a self-sponsored concert and participation in the BanG Dream!
Satomi Akesaka portrayed Rinko until sensorineural hearing loss forced her to leave the band and the BanG Dream!
Being the third band in the BanG Dream!
The band's first anime appearance takes place in the spin-off BanG Dream!
Mashiro is voiced by Amane Shindō, the youngest voice actress in the BanG Dream!
A staff member at the live house CiRCLE and the main non-player character in the game BanG Dream!
The opposition saw it as an opportunity to bang on the ruling party and announce Bihar Bandh.
The opening theme songs for the season are "Universe Mission Series Theme Song" (episodes 1-20), "Big Bang Mission Series Theme Song" (episodes 21-28 and 30-40), and "Fight Song" (episode 29), all the theme songs are performed by Dragon Soul which is composed of Takayoshi Tanimoto, Mayumi Gojo and YOFFY.
A witness said that he had heard a big bang from the external tempered glass of the hotel.
In that year they won the Bang Saen Beach Grand Prix.
Published in the journal Tilskueren, it led to a controversy with the Social Democrat Education Minister Nina Bang who criticized it as a bourgeois view which did not take account of the needs of working women.
Bang Seung-hun (born 15 December 1975) is a South Korean freestyle swimmer.
Bang concluded by saying, "All in all, this is pleasant background music, but it lacks Guaraldi's usual jazz chops."
Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang commented that the arrangement "skillfully weaves half a dozen songs into an integrated whole."
The Albanian-language song was composed and written by Gjata together with Albanian producer Big Bang, who produced the song.
It was written and composed by Elvana herself together with Albanian producer Big Bang who was additionally responsible for the production of the song.
List of The Big Bang Theory and Young Sheldon characters#Zangen
His research has focused on issues relating to the origins of expansion of the universe following the Big Bang, and on fundamental connections between matter, energy, space, and time.
The show first aired on 1 November 2015 as Talk with Toey Tonight on GMM 25 with re-runs on  starting 5 November 2015 to 24 December 2015, a week before Bang Channel ceased to broadcast on 31 December 2015.
This led to recording several duets and bluegrass ensemble covers and original compositions on Johnson's first self- produced CD entitled Clawgrass - Mark Johnson with The Rice Brothers and Friends on the Bang label in 1994.
Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang commented that the newly released material "is a joy, although some of these cuts are a bit 'muddy', and they lack the polish and studio perfection of Fantasy's earlier releases; they have an unsweetened quality, and display the uneven volume, jump starts and slow fades that betray their probable origins from television audio tracks."
The lead up to this exhibition match was subject to a documentary directed by Peter Kang, titled Bang the Machine.
 FPR took control of Bang, town on border with Chad and Cameroon
 1 July: RJ left Bang after MISCA ultimatum
23 July: 3R forces captured Bang village near Ngaoundaye
10 August: Government forces with support of Rwandans and Russians launched disarmament campaign in Ouham-Pende including Bang, Bocaranga, Koui, Ndim, Mann and Niem villages.
After defeating the Warriors of Hope and their leader Monaca Towa, Toko and Jill take on the Resistance-created "Big Bang Monokuma" alongside Komaru, before freeing Byakuya from captivity, who once again rejects Toko romantically after she openly fantasizes about him.
Raise A Suilen (stylized as RAISE A SUILEN), sometimes referred to as RAS, is a Japanese all-female rock band that is part of Bushiroad's media franchise BanG Dream!.
Formed in 2018, the group's members portray fictional characters in the project's anime series and mobile game BanG Dream!
Of the seven bands in BanG Dream!, Raise A Suilen is one of four whose members perform their own music.
Their first live concert, known as The Third (Beta) 1st Live, took place on March 25 at Shimokitazawa Garden with Raychell, Natsume, and Kurachi; Ōtsuka was a guest performer and played with the group for the first nine songs, which were pre-existing pieces from the BanG Dream!
On May 12, 2018, The Third served as the opening act for the BanG Dream!
Raise A Suilen's first official concert with the new name and full lineup, titled Brave New World, took place on December 7 in the BanG Dream!
Two days later, the band played in the BanG Dream!
RAS and Morfonica performed at the BanG Dream!
 Raychell (Rei Wakana/, vocals/bass guitar): Prior to BanG Dream!, Raychell had no voice acting experience but was a radio host and live-action actress.
Vanguard G: NEXT and was approached by Kidani about joining the backup band for BanG Dream!
She had been acquainted with Natsume and Ōtsuka before BanG Dream!
She entered the voice acting industry in 2016 with S Inc., while BanG Dream!
As Tsumugi is fluent in English due to her overseas education, Kidani described her as a major asset in helping BanG Dream!
Raise A Suilen's fictional counterparts were revealed at the BanG Dream!
RAS becomes a main band in the third season as they enter the BanG Dream!
Prominent figures who have visited the pharmacy include Adam Oehlenschläger, Herman Bang, Johannes V. Jensen and Agnes and Poul Henningsen.
Illustrated by Molly Bang.
Gray started off her college career with a bang.
Surendhar comes back with a bang into the series with an even powerful idea on how to destroy his former business partner, this time he comes in disguise as Thangavel a real estate company owner, Surya finds this out and bashes Surendhar leaving him wounded, Surendhar pleads to Surya and ask's him to kill him off but Surya did not
W..A. Flegel, A. W. Singson, J. S. Margolis, A. G. Bang, J. W. Posakony, C. Murre: Dpbx, a new homeobox gene closely related to the human proto-oncogene pbx1 molecular structure and developmental expression.
One of the main characters of Big Bang Theory TV series, Raj Koothrappali, also wore a black Casio CA-53W during the first five seasons of the show.
Toppings almost cover the recipe of the Su Bang cuisine, such as 's stuffed hoof, Wufangzhai's five-spice ribs, Songhelou's braised duck, Huang Tianyuan's eel, and common braised eel meat, stir-fried meat, pork ribs, shrimps, stir-fried vegetarian with hot sauce, and more.
"Don't Bang the Drum" is a song from Scottish-Irish folk rock band The Waterboys, released as the opening track on their third studio album This Is the Sea.
Wallinger was given the lyrics for "Don't Bang the Drum" and came up with the music for it.
When This Is the Sea was presented to Island Records, Scott suggested holding back the release of "The Whole of the Moon" as a single in favour of "Don't Bang the Drum" or "Medicine Bow" first.
In a contemporary review of This Is the Sea, Roger Holland of Melody Maker commented: "'Don't Bang the Drums' calls out in fervent plea for individuality and excellence.
John Kovalic of The Capital Times described "Don't Bang the Drum" and "The Whole of the Moon" as "quite elaborate epics that would make even an ELO album sound sparse".
In a review of the demo version of "Don't Bang the Drum", which appeared on the 2011 release In a Special Place – The Piano Demos for This Is the Sea, James Christopher Monger of AllMusic felt the demo still retained the "sense of hopeful cynicism, youthful altruism, and righteous indignation" found on the finished recording.
The show is similar to other talk shows such as The Larry Sanders Show and Comedy Bang!
Diana Bang as Nurse Ellen, who is disrespectful to most everyone she encounters, none more so than Asta, whose name she knowingly mispronounces.
On graduating Tolulope Ajayi was signed to Bang Music Entertainment.
The shrub grows on the leeward side of the Bang Boet coastal sand dune, Pak Klong sub-district, Pathio District, Chumphon Province, southern Thailand (facing east into the Gulf of Thailand.
Poppin'Party is a Japanese all-female band that was formed in 2015 as part of Bushiroad's media franchise BanG Dream!.
The group's members are voice actresses who portray fictional characters in the franchise's anime series and mobile game BanG Dream!
In 2016, Poppin'Party started hosting in-character concerts beginning with BanG Dream!
Poppin'Party's ninth single "CiRCLING" came out on February 21, 2018 as part of a dual-release day with fellow BanG Dream!
The two groups held the BanG Dream!
In December, the group partnered with beverage producer Kirin Company to promote its Gogo no Kōcha tea line by creating the song "White Afternoon"; Sanzigen, who animated the second season of BanG Dream!, produced a 30-second advertisement for the collaboration.
Poppin'Party's first live of the year was Special Live: Summerly Tone on August 23, the final day of the BanG Dream!
Poppin'Party and Roselia performed together at the BanG Dream!
 Aimi (Kasumi Toyama, lead vocals and rhythm guitar): Aimi was the first voice actress to join the BanG Dream!
TV with fellow BanG Dream!
Rimi Nishimoto (Rimi Ushigome, bass): Nishimoto joined Poppin'Party at the first BanG Dream!
Ayasa Itō (Arisa Ichigaya, keyboard): Itō debuted with Nishimoto at the first BanG Dream!
Besides live performances, Poppin'Party's members voice characters in the BanG Dream!
Further inspiration was drawn from photos of The Beatles performing at the Nippon Budokan, which Nakamura set as Poppin'Party's ultimate goal; the real-life band would perform at the arena as part of the fourth and seventh BanG Dream!
While still young, following in Roed's footsteps, Bang made a drawing of a chapter in Ribe Cathedral (1865), attracting the interest of the art historian Niels Laurits Høyen.
A keen supporter of women's causes, Bang was a member of the Danish Women's Society.
Bang spent her later years in the Støvringgård Convent near Randers where she died on 1 January 1932.
Formed in 2016, the group's members portray fictional characters in the project's anime series and mobile game BanG Dream!
Of the seven bands in BanG Dream!, Roselia is one of four whose members perform their own music in concerts.
Roselia first appeared at the Tokyo Game Show in September 2016 to promote the upcoming mobile rhythm game BanG Dream!
In February 2017, Roselia's live concert debut took place at BanG Dream!
Endō participated in her final concert with Roselia at the BanG Dream!
Roselia's first concert of the year was Einheit (German for "United"), the first day of the BanG Dream!
A two-part film focusing on the band titled BanG Dream!
Roselia and Poppin'Party performed together at the BanG Dream!
Yuki Nakashima (Lisa Imai, bass): Officially described as the "sixth Roselia member", Nakashima made her debut at the BanG Dream!
Endō's last performance with Roselia was the BanG Dream!
Adhering to BanG Dream!
A manga by Pepako Dokuta focusing on the band titled BanG Dream!
bands for cover song compilation albums known as Cover Collections; in June 2020, the BanG Dream!
The Deadbeat Bang of Heartbreak City is the fourth and final studio album by American punk rock band Beach Slang.
The Deadbeat Bang of Heartbreak City was met with mixed or average reviews from critics.
Beginning in February 2010 Dupree starred in Devil's Film University Gang Bang series.
Derrick Bang, Guaraldi historian and author of Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, described the title track as "a catchy little tune full of sparkle and sass, which sounds like it could have been a Peanuts theme."
 Derrick Bang – liner notes 
A mention of his famous brain cell drawings was made in episode 16 of season 6, “The Tangible Affection Proof”, of The Big Bang Theory television show
After dropping out of the music scene for a few years and living as a homeless person, Johnson joined a collective improvisation group known as The Music Ensemble, which also featured drummer Roger Baird, violinist Billy Bang, trumpeter Malik Baraka, saxophonist Daniel Carter, and bassists Earl Freeman and William Parker, and began to support himself with various odd jobs.
Aniston's raunchy scene with Mike Adriano in the Bang Bros compilation title Big Tit Creampie #13 (2011) which won “Best Internal Release” at the 30th AVN Awards.
The duo started the year off with a bang, as Blaney was in contention on the last lap to win the Daytona 500, but losing in a mostly-overlooked photo finish to Denny Hamlin due to Ryan Newman's scary flip across the finish line which injured him.
Morfonica is a Japanese all-female rock band that is part of Bushiroad's media franchise BanG Dream!.
Formed in 2020, the group's members portray fictional characters in the project's anime series and mobile game BanG Dream!
Of the seven bands in BanG Dream!, Morfonica is one of four whose members perform their own music during live shows.
Morfonica's formation was announced on 1 March 2020 during the franchise's live stream BanG Dream!
During the stream, a music video for their song "Daylight" was broadcast; the video was animated by the BanG Dream!
In June, the BanG Dream!
The band's first concert, Special Live: Summerly Tone at the BanG Dream!
Morfonica also performed alongside Raise A Suilen at the BanG Dream!
Hina Suguta (Tōko Kirigaya, guitar): Before joining BanG Dream!, Suguta was a voice actress in Afterlost.
Mika (Tsukushi Futaba, drums): Mika was the instructor for Poppin'Party and Roselia's drummers Ayaka Ōhashi and Megu Sakuragawa prior to Morfonica, and she also provided support drums for Poppin'Party at the BanG Dream!
The band makes its anime debut in the 2020 spin-off series BanG Dream!
In the closing moments, Lee performed a Spirit Bomb and a Big Bang Catastrophe on Gargano to retain the title.
Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang noted that the album "has something of an identity crisis; although all eight cuts are presented in the breezy shuffle style that made [Guaraldi] famous, half the tracks employ the San Francisco Boys Chorus for background coloring, while the others are conventional instrumentals with various quartets."
Royal Belum State Park adjoins Bang Lang National Park and Hala-Bala Wildlife Sanctuary in Thailand, which protect the Thai portion of the ecoregion.
Derrick Bang, historian and author of Vince Guaraldi at the Piano, cited the track "Ginza" as of great "significance," noting that it became "one of Guaraldi's first anthems: a 'personal standard' that quickly earned a spot in his ongoing repertoire."
Bang also highlighted "Calling Dr. Funk", as "a loose, smoky, mildly dirty blues number that sounds like a theme song: probably not accidental, because the title referenced the nickname—Dr.
In April 1986, He spearheaded what is dubbed as advertising's "Big Bang," a merger that created the Omnicom Group, the world's largest three-network conglomerate consisting of BBDO (Ranked No.
 Choi Yo-han as PC bang boss
 Shelter with Ensemble Signal and Bang on a Can (Cantaloupe Music, 2013)
Peter Boas Bang was a Danish engineer and entrepreneur.
In the year 1925 he founded the company Bang & Olufsen with Svend Olufsen.
His brother Poul Bang was a film director and director for Saga Studios.
Bang grew up in a wealthy family in Copenhagen with a well-equipped house for the time that had electric lights, phone service and a phonograph; the family also owned a car.
Bang studied for four years and after a short break his father agreed to let him study electrical engineering at Aarhus Electrotechnikum.
When the broadcasting industry rapidly developed, especially in the United States, Bang travelled there to further his education.
Bang travelled to visit Olufsen, and with money Olufsen's mother earned by selling eggs, the engineers got started.
Foundation of Bang & Olufsen 
On 17 November 1925 the A/S Bang & Olufsen founding meeting took place.
Camillo Cavour Bang was elected president of the board.
Bang was a man who tackled and solved problems – often brilliantly – without ever realising how brilliant it was.
Peter Bang is buried in Gimsing Kirke near Struer.
Cohendet was a co-author, with Dominique Bourg, Bastien François (Fr), Loïc Blondiaux (Fr) and Jean-Michel Fourniau, of a 2017 report for the Nicolas Hulot Foundation for Nature and Man called Osons le Big Bang démocratique, which outlines how a constituent assembly could be created in France.
 Bang Eun-jung as Kim Go-eun
Fredrick Dewon Thomas Givens II (born March 29, 1996), known professionally as Fredo Bang, is an American rapper from Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
She has also made more than forty Recurring and Guest Star appearances in shows including How to Get Away with Murder, The Big Bang Theory, Code Black, American Princess, There’s Johnny, Grace & Frankie and The Office.
Fan Kuai (樊噲), Han dynasty military general and friend of Han dynasty founder Liu Bang (Emperor Gao)
He was a member of Folketinget in 1850-1853 and would later serve as secretary for the prime ministers P. G. Bang (1797-1861), C. G. Andræ (1812-1893) andC.
 The Big Bang Theory (all seasons, shared with Foxtel and Netflix)
However, the decline of reel-to-reel recorder sales, the commercial success of Nakamichi and "designer models" by Bang & Olufsen, coupled with pressure from within the company, persuaded Studer to invest in the cassette format.
Bang Phlat station (, , ), is an elevated railway station on MRT Blue Line.
In 2009, the duo collaborated with Lise Cabble to write and produce the song "Big Bang Baby", which was performed by Claus Christensen at the 2009 Dansk Melodi Grand Prix.
The city was also briefly the seat of power of Liu Bang, the future Emperor Gaozu of Han.
They received a fifty-year allowance to operate trams on seven routes in 1887 and thus opened the first horse-driven tram line, the Bang Kho Laem Line on Charoen Krung Road on 22 September 1888.
It then turned onto Techawanit Road and terminated in front of Bang Sue railway station.
Sukhothai Line (สายสุโขทัย) - 0.6 km, Bang Krabue - Sukhothai Palace (around 1920s-1968)
 Branched off Bang Kho Laem Line.
It was soon after these performances that Guaraldi veered away from traditional jazz and began experimenting with electronic keyboards that Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang described as a "fusion-laced detour" resulting in albums like The Eclectic Vince Guaraldi (1969).
 "If You" (Big Bang song)
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa under Big Bang Entertainment.
In an effort to capitalize on the unexpected success of the song "Cast Your Fate to the Wind" two years prior, Fantasy Records hastily compiled what Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang referred to as "something of a clandestine 'greatest hits' collection."
Reekie’s overseen the expansion of the cultural programme including PJ Harvey’s Recording in Progress with Artangel, Björk Digital, Big Bang Data, Perfume, Get Up Stand Up Now.
 Bang Eun-hee as Yoo Jung-sook
 Sunwoo Eun-sook as Bang Jung-sim
| 2018-03-10|| Draw ||align=left| Matt Murdoch || Stand and Bang || United Kingdom || Decision || 3 || 3:00
In 1980, Lazy keyboardist Shunji Inoue and the choir group Trois formed the unit "BIG BANG."
In the early morning of 29 December 1991, after hearing a scuffle and a bang at the front door Thomas' step-sister found him lying on the ground with a gunshot wound to the head.
Part of Bushiroad's BanG Dream!
A spin-off anime series based on the game titled BanG Dream!
The game's setting mainly follows the BanG Dream!
In 2019, the game introduced a music video feature that replaces the in-game background with the openings to the anime's second season; additional videos from the movie BanG Dream!
The addition of cover songs was inspired by their positive reception during BanG Dream!
Certain covers were spawned from collaborations between BanG Dream!
Kō Nakamura, who created the story for BanG Dream!
An augmented reality application based on the game titled BanG Dream!
partnered with Sega's arcade rhythm game Ongeki to include the vocalists as playable characters and opponents in the latter; songs from BanG Dream!
A spin-off from the main BanG Dream!
A manga adaptation of the event stories, titled BanG Dream!
 "No Pressure", a song on the 2010 album Bang by Rockapella
Its 1.5 billion–solar mass black hole is the most distant known black hole with a mass of over one billion solar masses, and models indicate that it must have formed not later than 100 million years after the Big Bang, before reionization.
In 2018, Kohara was recruited by Bushiroad president Takaaki Kidani to join the music franchise BanG Dream!
The band was renamed to Raise A Suilen at the second live on July 17, and its members received their own in-universe anime and game characters at the BanG Dream!
He has produced songs for artists including Big Bang, Blackpink, iKon, and Winner.
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa under their banner Big Bang Entertainment.
He has appeared with the Bang on a Can Festival in Beijing, Chamber Music North, USA,Music in May, as well as regular performances in his hometown Perth International Arts Festival.
Several times a day one of the Buddhist monks will grab a gong and announce the time for prayer with a bang.
Stolen Away () is a Spanish thriller drama television series, produced by Atresmedia with the collaboration of Big Bang Media for broadcasting in Antena 3.
Seong Bang Lee – of Christchurch.
Through his label 1017 Alyx 9SM, Williams soon began collaborating with internationally recognized brands including Dior, Nike, Moncler, Bang & Olufsen, and Mackintosh.
The Famous Akan Drama, Obra is back with a Bang!
In the mid-1980s on the eve of London's Big Bang deregulation of the London Stock Exchange, Citibank acquired stakes in the member firms of Scrimgeour Kemp-Gee and Vickers da Costa, merging them into  a new entity called Scrimgeour Vickers.
 Jan Bang - live sampling (5)
In this chapter Price tackles the problem of why entropy was low at the big bang and whether or not we should expect entropy to be low at the other temporal extreme of the universe.
Explanations from Stephen Hawking and Paul Davies of the low entropy big bang are scrutinized.
Guerrero-Maciá's show "Siblings of the Sun" (2015) explored the theory that unknown universes were created by the Big Bang, its centerpiece an array of fifty small collages featuring bright color and simple geometric forms that DeWitt Cheng described as "an apt metaphor for the current art cosmos: pluralistic, hybrid, and buzzing with free-floating contradictions."
She has voiced characters in the anime series Bermuda Triangle: Colorful Pastrale, Rebirth, and BanG Dream!, where she is also a member of the band Morfonica, serving as the vocalist and portraying the in-universe character Mashiro Kurata.
She was already familiar with the series prior to Morfonica, having regularly played the mobile game BanG Dream!
It's beautiful in a way that the Big Bang was started from nothing and then at the end it's going to be nothing all over again.
The sculptor Arne Bang has also created a Mother Denmark sculpture.
From the Big Bang to Tuesday Morning () is a Canadian animated short film, directed by Claude Cloutier and released in 2000.
The First Edition trim level, only available for the 2021 model year, was based on the off-road oriented Badlands trim, and included all of its available options and packages (such as luxury leather-trimmed seating surfaces, dual heated front bucket seats, GPS navigation, and a Bang and Olufsen premium amplified audio system).
 Erik Bang (2000–2016)
 Lee Jae-yong as President Bang
However, Aquaman has also been mentioned numerous times in the media as the butt of jokes due to his campy portrayal on certain media, with shows such as The Big Bang Theory, South Park, and Robot Chicken ridiculing or parodying his character.
| 2015-7-4|| Loss ||align=left| Amy Pirnie || Stand And Bang || Woking, United Kingdom || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
| 2013-8-17|| Loss ||align=left| Grace Spicer  || Stand and Bang || Woking, United Kingdom || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 2:00 
He started dreaming of becoming a singer and a dancer watching performances of Big Bang and J.Y.
 Out With a Bang, as Dr Reade, Crucible Theatre Sheffield, South Yorkshire, (1996)
The Big Bang occurs, and the first stars are formed after the mixture of elements.
In a preprint astronomers report the discovery of the second oldest quasar, Pōniuāʻena (J1007+2115) that is twice as massive as the oldest one, ULAS J1342+0928, and existed 700 million years after the Big Bang, challenging models of the earliest supermassive black hole growth.
After this, Watts asked Shanahan to bring his camera to A Bigger Bang Tour.
As a result, she became acquainted with many of the Danish and Scandinavian artists who had been attracted to the city, in particular the sculptor Jens Ferdinand Willumsen, the writer Herman Bang and the poet Sophus Claussen.
Bin Chan-wook as Bang Ki-yong
The then chairman of BK Frem, Svend Petersen, was selected as the new association's first chairman, vice chairman of Kjøbenhavns BK, Børge Pockendahl, was chosen as vice chairman, Sonny Thomsen of Aalborg BK became the treasurer, while the rest of the board included Ejvind Sørensen (chairman of B 1909) and Svend Erik Bang Sørensen (Aarhus GF).
In May 2021 Kim was replaced by Bang Jung-kyun, a professor at Sangji University.
Typically the bar (c) breaks within a few minutes with a loud bang or it is at least deformed significantly.
"Ro Ro Rosey" was written and recorded for Bang Records owner and producer Bert Berns on 28 March 1967 using the same musicians who recorded "Brown Eyed Girl."
The song has been re-released on many of Morrison's compilation albums, particularly those documenting his Bang Records recording sessions.
Bang Min-ja(Korean:방민자) (born ) is a South Korean wheelchair curler.
Using Saiyuu Journey on its own in this form also grants Saber the ability to conjure Sun Wukong's Ruyi Jingu Bang.
She plays the keyboard for the band Roselia of the BanG Dream!
In addition to playing for the band in live performances, she replaced the departing Satomi Akesaka as the character Rinko Shirokane in the BanG Dream!
anime and mobile game BanG Dream!
Her anime debut came in BanG Dream!
On January 9, 2021, the BanG Dream!
The following year on January 18, she was diagnosed with Reinke's edema, which affects the vocal cord, forcing her to miss BanG Dream!
stylized as BanG Dream!
series with characters from the mobile game BanG Dream!
The first season aired from July 5 to December 27, 2018, with episodes being aired live on the BanG Dream!
The episodes were live streamed on YouTube and Periscope for BanG Dream!
The voice actresses from the parent BanG Dream!
 Moon Tae-yoo as Bang Jeong-nam, Ra-ra's ex-fiancé and Eun-seok's junior at medical school
Rosenborg Brøndanstalt was founded on 23 March 1831 at the initiative of Jonas Collin, medical doctor lægen Ole Bang and Johan Georg Forchhammer to provide the citizens of Copenhagen with an alternative to visiting spas abroad.
Board members were professor Carl Faurholt (1890-), director L. Tholstrup (1896-) and lawyer J. C. Bang (1913-).
Vince Guaraldi historian and author Derrick Bang referred to the 2017 release as the "Guaraldi Holy Grail" for fans of the jazz pianist.
The company initially specialized as an event/concert organizer for international artists performing in Thailand, especially K-pop bands including TVXQ, Big Bang and Got7.
On May 19, tank truck drivers waiting at an Amoco terminal heard a bang, then saw a 3-foot side stream of gasoline pour down a nearby hillside in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Bigg Bang (Exit Interview)
She has also co-founded exhibits showcasing her research including “From the Big Bang to the World Wide Web: The Origins of Everything”, located at Indiana University, Bloomington, and the Stone Age Institute, a repository of archaeological research relating human origins and technology through the development of early tools.
The development is done by the Colorful Palette, a newly established subsidiary of Craft Egg (who is already known for another rhythm game: BanG Dream!
In 2017, Coulon collaborated with video game studio Small Bang.
He received a number of high-profile commissions from companies such as Berlingske, Magasin du Nord and A. C. Bang.
 A. C. Bang, Østergade 27, Copenhagen (1932–34, altered in 1990)
Produced by Fahad Mustafa and Ali Kazmi under Big Bang Entertainment, it was directed by Anjum Shahzad.
A campaign by humanitarian activists successfully campaigned for Si Ouey's corpse to be removed from display in August 2019, and in July 2020 his remains were cremated at Wat Bang Phraek Tai temple.
The film stars Anne Hathaway and Chiwetel Ejiofor, with Stephen Merchant, Mindy Kaling, Lucy Boynton, Mark Gatiss, Claes Bang, Ben Stiller, and Ben Kingsley in supporting roles.
 Claes Bang as Essien, the owner of Linda's company
 "Complexity – from Big Bang to Big Data" –TEDx Talk an der Technischen Universität Aachen 11.
On 11 March 2021, a video for the song "24 Light-Years", created by Mogensen and Anne Nørkjær Bang, was premiered.
Nam Kyu-hee as Bang Ye-seul
He played drums for Big Bang Theory, Tony Brown, Greg Koch and the Tone Controls and the Willy Porter Band.
Niti graduated from Chulalongkorn University's Faculty of Arts, and joined GMMTV, becoming head of the creative group at its cable/satellite Bang Channel, through which Toey Tiew Thai was originally broadcast and became widely known.
He has since had acting roles in numerous Thai television soap operas, as well as the sitcom Bang Rak Soi Kao (2003–2012), and recorded several singles.
He also helped with the magazine Bang!
In October and November 2019, the band went to Bang Saray, Thailand to recorded at Karma Sound Studio with producer Dan Austin.
The number of live viewers was ten percent more than the original series finale, "Into That Good Night", in 1997, and the 18-49 rating was the highest for any comedy telecast since the eighth season premiere of The Big Bang Theory, "The Locomotion Interruption", in 2014.
22 July, Laem Thaen, Bang Saen Beach, Chonburi Province — organised under the idea of “trash-collecting” activity.
He was born in a slum in Bang Khen District, on 7 November 1965.
 "She is bang in that line of English eccentric artists, Blake, Calvert, Samuel Palmer, Richard Palmer and Stanley Spencer.
 Park Sang-myun as Bang Chi-soon (Ep.
It was based on the 1956 novel Bang the Drum Slowly by Mark Harris.
It was produced by the Theater Guild and was based on the 1956 novel, Bang the Drum Slowly by Mark Harris.
He designed the set of Friends, Golden Girls, Two and a Half Men, The Big Bang Theory, Roseanne, and Dharma and Greg.
Shaffner was nominated 33 times by the Art Directors Guild, and won Art Directors Guild Awards for the designs of the 2006 Emmy Awards and The Big Bang Theory.
In 2020, Erica Mendez, a Mexican-American voice actress who has voiced in English dubs for Funimation, Bang Zoom!
 Jan Bang - live sampling
The name is derived from a canal that runs through the west area, Khlong Bang Khun Si, also known as Khlong Chak Phra.
Arun Amarin is considered a northernmost and second biggest part of the district (after Bang Khun Si).
It shares a border with Maha Phruttharam sub-district, Bang Rak district and Wang Mai sub-district in its district, where Rama IV meets Banthat Thong Roads and the Sirat-Expressway.
During this time in her life, she discovered the song "Day by Day" (2008) by Korean band Big Bang, and felt moved by the song, inspiring her to become a rapper.
Written by Bang Yoo-jung and directed by Kim Sang-woo, the series centers on a high school girl who joins her school's broadcasting club in order to catch the person trying to reveal her secret.
Bang Yoo-jung's screenplays for all episodes of Live On were published as one set on January 28, 2021 by Wisdom House.
On 7 September 2020 3R kidnapped two policemen in Bang village near border with Cameroon.
Then she played a bang landing the role of 'Mandi Mbalula' in the serial Fallen, a 2011 drama series.
With Jan Bang, Erik Honoré, Arve Henriksen and Sidsel Endresen
 Choreography – Kim Myoungsup, Kim Minseong, Kim Jiyong, Kim Hyosep, Kim Hyunjin, Noh Hana, Park Ohksun, Bang Minjoo, Lee Dongha, Han Jiwon @StarSystem
Affiliated with the HiBiKi talent agency, she plays the bass guitar for the band Poppin'Party of the BanG Dream!
In addition to live concerts, Nishimoto's role in the franchise included portraying Rimi Ushigome in the anime and mobile game BanG Dream!
Seo Jeong-yeon as Coach Bang.
As her parody videos went viral, this opened several opportunities for her among which was being an assistant producer for Channel V Thailand and later on, as part of GMM Grammy's Bang channel.
She plays the guitar for the band Poppin'Party of the BanG Dream!
The more I bang down on the rabble, the better I feel.
Her fake projects included roles in The Big Bang Theory, White Collar and Versailles.
They have produce hits for Big Bang, Winner, iKon, Blackpink and Treasure and many other YG artists.
The Lariat trim is the only model in the Maverick lineup that can be ordered with features such as the Bang and Olufsen premium amplified audio system, SiriusXM Satellite Radio, and GPS navigation.
Born on 5 July 1937 in Seoul, Bang Hai Ja graduated in fine arts from Seoul National University in 1961 where she studied Eastern and Western Art as well as calligraphy.
Bang Hai Ja's acceptance was further facilitated by an exhibition of Asian art in 1969 and in particular by the support she received for Pierre Courthion soon after her arrival.
As abstract art began to lose appeal in both France and Korea in the late 1960s, when Bang Hai Ja returned to her native country in 1968 she became more interested in the qualities of materials, especially paper or hanji.
28 March – Astronomer Fred Hoyle coins the term Big Bang during a BBC Third Programme broadcast.
Costa interviews Rizzo, asking if he is right-handed or left-handed, only to bang his head, choke Rizzo, murder him and plant the gun in his hand.
 Lee Si-hoon as Bang Jeong-han, the man likes facebook, Dentist.
Four songs collected trophies for three weeks and achieved a triple crown: "Fxxk It" by Big Bang, "Yes I Am" by Mamamoo, "Ko Ko Bop" by Exo, and "Energetic" by Wanna One.
The device, a collaboration between Samsung and Bang & Olufsen, featured the logotypes of both companies.
Six songs collected trophies for three consecutive weeks and achieved a triple crown: "Circus" by MC Mong, "Look Only At Me" by Taeyang, "So Hot" by Wonder Girls, "U-Go-Girl" by Lee Hyori, "Haru Haru" by Big Bang, and "Mirotic" by TVXQ.
Seven songs collected trophies for three weeks and achieved a triple crown: "Tonight" by Big Bang, "Intuition" by CNBLUE, "Pinocchio (Danger)" by f(x), "Fiction" by Beast, "Mr.
 List of songs written and produced by Bang Chan
"I Remember" is a song recorded by South Korean rapper Bang Yong-guk and vocalist Yang Yo-seob of Beast.
It was released on August 12, 2011, by TS Entertainment and distributed by Kakao M. Following his collaboration with Song Ji-eun on "Going Crazy" earlier that year, Bang made his formal debut as a soloist ahead of the launch of the record label's boy group B.A.P.
Bang was introduced as a new rapper signed to TS Entertainment who guest featured on Song Ji-eun's single "Going Crazy" in March 2011.
Leading up to the release of "I Remember", Bang was revealed to be a member of the agency's upcoming boy group B.A.P.
On July 29, 2011, Bang uploaded a selfie via Twitter pictured with Yang with the caption "Coming soon", alluding to the forthcoming release of "I Remember".
Bang lost  ahead of the single's released to shed the perception of being a "smiley boy" and portray a manlier look.
On the eve of the single's release, music video teaser images showcasing Bang with red hair and "thick, smoky" makeup was posted.
Bang performed the track along with Daehyun at B.A.P's debut showcase on January 28, 2012.
They also pay tribute to the late King Von, who makes a short cameo appearance in it, and Fredo Bang also makes a cameo in the video.
He started in the entertainment industry as a host of Bang Music Buffet in 2011 and was tapped to play the role of Pete in the movie Part Time Lover (2014).
Many other producers also participated in writing the song: "hitman" bang, Kyler Niko, Paulina Cerrilla, Cho Yoon-kyung, Alice Vicious, Cazzi Opeia, Ellen Berg, JADED JANE, Noisy Citizen, Justin Reinstein and JJean.
On July 22, Fredo Bang was reportedly arrested in Miami, Florida, along with his friend and fellow rapper, Lit Yoshi, for opening fire on a vehicle with some of YoungBoy Never Broke Again's crew, and reportedly striking a man in the process.
At least this would be WWE's last chance to play around with the ThunderDome special effects and go out with a bang, right?
Bang Pho station (, ), is an elevated railway station on MRT Blue Line.
It has a connection to the Chao Phraya Express Boat at Bang Pho Pier.
Only this station and Bang Phai station are unique.
Gabrielle Monique Johns (18631945), known as Gabrielle Ringertz and sometimes Monica Bang, was a Swedish writer and translator.
There are two versions of the game, Big Bang and Supernova.
Álex de la Iglesia and Carolina Bang (on behalf of Pokeepsie Films) and Miguel Salvat, Steve Matthews and Antony Root (on behalf of HBO Europe) were the series' executive producers.
Bang Bua Thong 2 Hospital announced that it had transferred all remaining patients to other hospitals and would halt new admissions from 16 March onwards, with the intention to repurpose the hospital as a COVID-19 treatment center in preparation for an anticipated influx of new patients in the coming months.
He is a member of Bang Said The Gun, a stand-up poetry collective founded by Dan Cockrill and Martin Galton, who perform regularly in London and have featured poets such as Roger McGough, Andrew Motion and John Hegley.
|ONE Championship: Big Bang
From 2016 to 2018 she hosted the "dating show" Kiss Bang Love.
Ryan Bang as Janwick
However, unlike Funimation, Bang Zoom's dub does not contain the previously used Americanized names, opting to keep the original Japanese ones instead.
Joachim is a musical educator who holds several faculty positions at a number of universities, including Princeton University, the Hartt School at the University of Hartford, Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity, and Bang on a Can Summer Festival.
The second chapter investigates how gravity formed from the beginning of the universe and also how the Big Bang may have created a large number of parallel universes and that gravity is not sourced in our universe, but is leaking through spacetime into ours.
As soon as the elections are over, voters who tested the waters with one of these new start-ups realise they got zero bang for their buck from a one-man party with a regional footprint, and they return to the DA.
Elisabeth Bang  as Erik's girlfriend
Doring and Roadkill went on to win the match, pinning Swinger following a Buggy Bang.
In May 1977, Cao Lang Radio was started construction in Cao Bang.
Cao Lang province has 20 administrative units including: town Cao Bang (provincial capital), town Lang Son, town Tinh Tuc and 18 districts: Bac Son, Bao Lac, Binh Gia, Cao Loc, Chi Lang, Ha Quang, Hoa An, Huu Lung, Loc Binh, Nguyen Binh, Quang Hoa, Thach An, Thong Nong, Tra Linh, Trang Định, Trung Khanh, Van Lang, Van Quan.
On December 29, 1978, the 4th session of the 6th National Assembly issued a resolution to divide Cao Lang province to re-establish the province Cao Bang and the province Lang Son.
In the same year, the two districts Ngan Son, Cho Ra (now Ba Be district) of the province Bac Thai were moved to Cao Bang province to manage (from five) in the same year.
Stephen J. Lawrence, 82, American composer (Sesame Street, Bang the Drum Slowly, Alice, Sweet Alice), multiple organ failure.
Creed and Adler lost the titles to The Beautiful Bald Besties (Michael Stevens and Zac Edwards) at SFCW's More Bang For Your Buck event on August 15.
Dillon opened up 2014 with a bang, winning the pole at the season opening Daytona 500, then finishing ninth in the race after avoiding serious damage in a lap 145 wreck involving 13 cars.
Contestants: , , Bang Eun-hee, , Mirani, Ryuji (), Lee Mu-jin, Choi Joon-suk
The band was featured on MTV and played with many of L.A.'s hottest Sunset Strip bands like Warrant, Tuff, Bang Tango, Hurricane, and many more.
Petit and his band are fluent in many styles and toggle through them, often within a single tune, resulting in complex tracks that still manage to make your heart race and your head bang."
And he won't be the last to have the displeasure of meeting Ethan... Ethan's definitely coming in with a bang."
Bang Rak was among the city's busiest commercial neighbourhoods at the turn of the 19th–20th centuries, but declined in prominence as newer development soon moved elsewhere.
The canal separated the riverside communities, with the Chinese neighbourhood of Talat Noi on the city side, and the Portuguese Consulate and Assumption Church on the other, which later became known as Bang Rak.
In Bang Rak, several were built in various Western styles from the late-18th to early-19th centuries, including the Customs House and the original building of Assumption College (one of the first schools in the country, founded by the Catholic Mission), both completed in grand Palladian style in 1890.
In the 21st century, increasing interest in cultural tourism led to a renewed interest in the architectural and historic sites of Bang Rak and neighbouring Talat Noi.
Bang Rak Subdistrict occupies an elongated strip of land between Chao Phraya River to the west and Charoen Krung Road on the east.
The other subdistricts of Bang Rak District—Maha Phruettharam, Si Phraya, Suriyawong and Si Lom—all border it on the east, while across the River lies Khlong San District.
Bang Rak's multicultural history is reflected in its various historic and religious sites, which include Buddhist temples, mosques, a Chinese shrine, and the Catholic cathedral.
The Bang Rak Market was established during Chulalongkorn's reign by the nobleman Luang Nawakenikon, who later sold it off to the state.
Bang Rak is served by the BTS Skytrain's Saphan Taksin Station, which connects to the main Sathorn Pier of the Chao Phraya Express Boat.
She appeared in TV shows like The Big Bang Theory (2007), Younger (2015), Blunt Talk (2015).
Mary Jo Bang (b.
Yuri Park as Bang Do-jin
Paul Galloway said Glamalot was an "ungainly hybrid of pantomime and rock eisteddfod with a broad larrikin streak…" Alison Cotes said "The theatrical year has started with a bang – a very silly bag, but a wonderfully entertaining one at that."
In 2011 he creates the following remixes: 2 Times (Prevaloso Tanz Remix) di Ann Lee, Adesso Balla (Prevale Remix) Tanz Vision di Daniele Meo, Le Canzoni Dell'Estate (Ti Batte Il Cuore Mix) di Emi, Il Più Grande Spettacolo Dopo Il Big Bang (Io e Te Mix) and Tensione Evolutiva (Pioggia e Vento Mix) di Jovanotti.
 2011 - Prevale ft. Jovanotti - Il Più Grande Spettacolo Dopo Il Big Bang (Io e Te Mix) (Universal Music)
Bang out a set of lightning routines atop a platform on which one misstep would mean a bad fall.
In November 2015, Musk appeared in the ninth episode of the ninth season of The Big Bang Theory entitled "The Platonic Permutation", as himself volunteering at a soup kitchen with Howard Wolowitz.
Musk also appeared as himself in a November 2017 of The Big Bang Theory spin-off prequel series Young Sheldon.
Episode 5: "Go Out With a Bang!"
The film stars Cosmo Jarvis, Antonia Campbell-Hughes, Rhys Mannion, Keith McErlean, Claes Bang and Mark O'Halloran.
 Claes Bang as Jack Considine
It plays out the events of the Big Bang as a metaphor for a broken romance between No Man (representing time) trying to stop Golden Boy (representing energy) from killing Miss Mass (the mass of the universe).
A sex-positive exploration of a woman's troubled marriage, it stars Demi Moore and Claes Bang.
 Claes Bang as Oliver Wood, Diana's husband
 Andrea Bang as Penny
Carolina Bang, as Lorna, a scientific android.
The English dub of the film was scheduled to debut in the United States at Anime NYC on November 21, 2021, but was canceled, produced by Bang Zoom!
Bang Baang – The Sound of Crimes is an Indian Hindi-language murder and suspense drama web series streaming on ZEE5 and ALTBalaji.
IndiaForums rated Bang Baang at 1.5/5 stars.
The Binged rating for Bang Baang is 3/10.
In a review for the album on the same website, Erik Hage writes that the covers seemed "uninspired" but that the group's "under-appreciated sound" largely fueled by Phillips guitar playing, and also puts "Try and Stop Me", "If I Stay Too Long", "Biff, Bang, Pow" and "Painter Man" as highlights.
BGYO have cited BTS, Exo, GOT7, Wanna One, Seventeen, NCT, WayV, Stray Kids, TXT, Treasure, Big Bang, Twice, Shawn Mendes, Ed Sheeran, Justin Bieber, Kendrick Lamar, Gary Valenciano, Iñigo Pascual, Erik Santos and Regine Velasquez as musical inspirations.
"Ampun Bang Jago" () is an electronic dance music (EDM) single by Indonesians Jonathan Dorongpangalo and Everly Salikara, known by their stage names as Tian Storm and Everslkr, respectively.
The unprecedented legacy prompted the duo to create a remix, "Ampun Bang Jago 2".
Dorongpangalo conceived the idea for "Ampun Bang Jago" as a political satire song that pokes fun at the Indonesian authorities, concerning the power struggle between the people and them, "because my life motto is concede to win."
The first draft of "Ampun Bang Jago" was not EDM, but a set of sentences as a way for Dorongpangalo and Salikara to vent their feelings on people underestimating them.
As of "Ampun Bang Jago", the duo had created 60 songs, divided into five albums.
As "Ampun Bang Jago" climaxes in the background, the situation behind her became much more tense.
Responding to the video, Dorongpangalo hoped that "Ampun Bang Jago" proves to international audiences that Indonesian songs—particularly those from eastern Indonesia—can be enjoyable too, and for Indonesian singers to continue their works "to enliven the homeland's musical reputation."
Due to the popularity, upon requests from fans, and under the will to collaborate with fellow Bitung content creators, the duo announced a sequel, "Ampun Bang Jago 2".
The lyrics video for "Ampun Bang Jago 2" premiered on YouTube on 4 February 2021.
The music video for "Ampun Bang Jago 2" is set to be released sometime in the future.
On 25 February, reports showed that police opened fire and used flash bang grenades into a group of residents in Tamwe township protesting the military appointment to replace an administrator in one ward.
She is known for participating in the 2020 girl group survival show Youth With You 2 and the 2018 survival show The Next Top Bang.
 2016: Farid Bang, Blut — Mixing
New faces such as Paco Tous, Carolina Bang, Paula Prendes or Edu Soto joined the cast of the new season.
Vhong Navarro, Vice Ganda, Jhong Hilario, Amy Perez and Kim Chiu also returned as hosts, and was joined by Karylle as an occasional co-host with Ryan Bang, Teddy Corpuz and Jugs Jugueta serving as co-hosts and gong masters.
The story was narrated by Kunal Nayyar who is known for his portrayal of Rajesh Koothrapalli in an American television series The Big Bang Theory.
 Big Bang ve Tanrı
Otto Theodore Bang Jr. (September 15, 1931 – December 29, 2008) was an American businessman and politician.
Bang was born in Madelia, Watonwan County, Minnesota.
Bang lived in Edina, Minnesota with his wife and family and was involved in the insurance business.
Bang died on December 29, 2008, at the Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota after suffering a head injury in an automobile accident in Hopkins, Minnesota on December 21, 2008.
It was released on 12 February 2021 as a single from Ora and Imanbek's collaborative EP, Bang (2021).
Lao kings like Vixun (r. 1500 - 1520) adopted the Dharma king model of Theravāda Buddhism, promoted the establishment of temples (such as Vat Simuang and Pha That Luang) and palladiums (sacred protectors) such as Phra Bang.
The author Herman Bang was from July 1909 to August 1911 among the residents in the building.
Immediately after the throttles were advanced, a loud bang was recorded on the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR).
The song was alluded to in the second episode of the second season of Canada's Drag Race, with the "Under the Big Top" Rusical featuring a trio of clowns named Bing, Bang and Bong.
Bang is the first extended play (EP) by British singer Rita Ora and Kazakh DJ and producer Imanbek.
In writing for EDM.com, Cameron Sunkel described Bang as an "offering of sleek club sounds perfect for a night out".
Bang Eun-jung as Jeon Da-young
is a Japanese music media franchise with the premise of all-female bands whose members are also voice actresses for the project's anime series and mobile game BanG Dream!
It was released on 12 February 2021 as the co-lead single from Ora and Imanbek's collaborative EP, Bang (2021).
While Longzhou and Cao Bang both reached  on February 20.
In the Akbarnama, Abul Fazl mentions that "in the country of Bang (Bengal) dates are calculated from the beginning of the reign of Lacchman Sen".
Caronte is a Spanish drama television series created by Verónica Fernández and produced by Mediaset España in collaboration with Big Bang Media.
It was produced by Mediaset España in collaboration with Big Bang Media.
One of the highlights of this temple is the ancient chedi located on the right side of the sanctuary rim Khlong Bang Noi.
Across Khlong Maha Sawat is the area of Tambon Sala Klang, Bang Kruai District of Nonthaburi Province, while Tambon Salaya, Phutthamonthon District of Nakhon Pathom Province is not far from here.
Shraddha Kamdar from Femina reviewed, "Beginning with a bang, the book shows some promise as we follow Pooja from home to college, hostel and work life.
Bang Jae-ho is a South Korean actor and model.
Wat Chaiyaphrueksamala is a beautiful temple, and the location of the temple was once under the administration of Tambon Maha Sawat, Amphoe Bang Kruai of Nonthaburi Province.
Castro closed out his junior years with a bang, as he won the Boy's U18 Singles title at the 2010 Canadian Junior Championships, when he defeated Jamie Slamko in the final, 14–16, 15–11, 12–10.
Bang Bamru in the past was an area known for being a good place to plant pineapples.
Bang Bamru is regarded as the southwest part of the district.
Most of the area of Tha It is a lowland alongside the Chao Phraya River and canal Khlong Bang Bua Thong.
The area is served by the Bang Rak Noi Tha It Station (PP06) of the MRT Metro, whose Purple Line runs above Rattanathibet Road.
Wat Bang Nam Chon
In Earth-M, famous characters like Static, Icon, Rocket, Hardware and several others have new origin stories related to the Big Bang, the event that happened in the city of Dakota.
These works appeared just a few years after the first detection of the CMB by Arno Allan Penzias and Robert Woodrow Wilson and its interpretation as the echo of the Big Bang by Robert H. Dicke and his team in 1965.
About 280,000 years after the Big Bang, electrons and protons became bound into electrically neutral atoms as the Universe expanded.
In cosmology, this is known as recombination and preludes the decoupling of the CMB photons from matter before they free stream throughout the Universe around 380,000 years after the Big Bang.
It is a third grade royal monastery by the canal Khlong Phasi Charoen in the border of Phasi Charoen area, just across the canal is Bang Khae area.
Its former name was Wat Bang Khae and it believed to be built during the early of Rattanakosin period around 1807.
In the reign of King Rama I, Wat Bang Khae was very prosperous but later it deteriorated.
Wat Nimmanoradi is located on the bank of Khlong Phasi Charoen, in the area where it confluences Khlong Ratchamontri and adjacent to Bang Khae Market, which has been a marketplace and waterfront community since the past.
Since Wat Soi Thong is located by Chao Phraya River in the phase it confluences with canal Khlong Bang Son, thus causing the river in this area to be abundant with iridescent shark.
 Son Sang-yeon as Bang Yoon-dam: The captain of the badminton club and ace player.
She has a crush on Bang Yoon-Dam.
Rama IV Bridge is a bridge across Chao Phraya River, connecting Bang Tanai and Pak Kret Subdistricts in Pak Kret District, northeastern Nonthaburi Province.
In addition to crossing Chao Phraya River, the bridge also connects the area between Sai Ma and Bang Kraso with Suan Yai Subdistricts together along Rattanathibet Road (Highway 302).
Ban Lao is a community located behind Bansomdejchaopraya Rajabhat University (BSRU) along canal Khlong Bang Sai Kai.
The community has Wat Bang Sai Kai, also known as Wat Lao as the centre.
Big Hit Music (; formerly Big Hit Entertainment) is a South Korean entertainment company established in 2005 by Bang Si-hyuk.
That year, Bang Si-hyuk signed RM as the first member of BTS and launched nationwide auditions to recruit other members of the group—BTS made their debut under Big Hit on June 13, 2013.
The original site is now in Tambon Pho Sam Ton, Amphoe Bang Pahan, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, about 7km (4.35mi) North of Amphoe Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya.
Put over the boule with a bang.
She is best known for her role as Nisha in serial Amma Ke Babu Ki Baby on Star Bharat (2021-present) and as Poonam in ALTBalaji web series Bang Baang .
Chaiwut was born on 2 November 1971 in Bang Phutsa Sub-district, Mueang Sing Buri District, Singburi Province.
Carl Bang, a combined fish wholesale and retail business, was in the last part of the century based in the basement.
The area is bounded by other subdistricts (from north clockwise): Talat Phlu and Bang Yi Ruea in its district (Ratchaphruek Road is a divider line), Samre in its distirct (Somdet Phra Chao Tak Sin Road is a divider line), Dao Khanong in its district (Ratchadaphisek Road is a divider line), respectively.
Note: the local temple Wat  Bang Nam Chon, indeed, it is located in the area of neighbouring Samre.
Robin Murray of " CLASH" wrote a few words about the track stating "The songwriter opened January with a bang, landing a prime spot in the BBC Sound Of 2021 poll.
Rodriguez made her debut as a pornographic actress in 2011 when she was 20 years old, with her first scene being for Bang Bros studios.
Bordering historic temples the canal apart from Wat Apson Sawan include Wat Paknam Bhasicharoen, Wat Nang Chi, Wat Khun Chan, Wat Ratcha Orot, Wat Nang, Wat Nangnong, Wat Sai and Wat Sai floating market,  Wat Sing, Wat Kamphaeng, Wat Kok, Wat Tha Kham, Wat Bang Kradi, Wat Hua Krabue, Wat Ban Rai Charoenpon, and Phan Thai Norasing Shrine, etc.
He is back with a bang – mouthing dialogues laden with cuss words, his expressions and comic timing is just brilliant.
Raychell (of Raise A Suilen) covered the song for the 2020 game BanG Dream!
Vince Guaraldi historian Derrick Bang noted that the album is "quite nice," adding that David Benoit's rendition of "Christmas Is Coming" is a "punchy, swinging cover," while Dave Koz's version of "Linus and Lucy" is "equally lively."
Timeline looks at the chronological development of the world's culture and events starting from the Big Bang theory to the 21st century.
Nowadays, Bang Kradi quarter in Samae Dam is well known for being a Mon settlement as well as a cultural tourism destination.
Bang Khun Thian is regarded as the northwest part of the district, with a total area of 5.789 km2 (2.235 mi2).
Bang Khun Thian can also be reached by train via the Maeklong Railway that passes through the area.
Tha Kham and Bang Khun Thian area is a settlement of the Mon people since the Ayutthaya period.
In February RJ took control of Bang near Ngaoundaye.
He commanded the unit during the Battle of Ap Bau Bang.
Lene Louise Bang Jespersen is a Danish diplomat.
Maternity and its rituals in Bang Chan
She is a member of the band Raise A Suilen (RAS), and plays the character Chiyu Tamade in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!.
In 2018, Tsumugi was cast for the BanG Dream!
Her character, Chiyu Tamade (nicknamed ), debuted in the anime's second season in 2019 before appearing in the game BanG Dream!
Sub-districts adjacent to Tha Lo are (from north clockwise): Phi Lom in Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Pa Makhap in its district, Pak Thang in its district, and Phai Khwang in its district, respectively.
She attended the Music Conservatory as a student of Poul Bang and received training from her husband-to-be, the tenor Einer Wilton (1888–1932).
Case #2 - Malaysia Beach Carnival Big Bang (Ep 1-2)
Namtok Huai Yang National Park covers an area of 158.43 km2 (61.170 mi2) of Thap Sakae and Bang Saphan Districts, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, western Thailand.
Namtok Kha On: also known as Thap Mon, a nine-tier cascading waterfall 44 km (27 mi) south from the main visitor centre in Bang Saphan side.
In 1963, she performed the final major part of her career, the title role in Irene Holm by Elsa-Marianne von Rosen based on a short story by Herman Bang.
Dorien is a Spanish psychological thriller and horror web television series created by Kiko and Javier Prada starring Carolina Bang, Daniel Muriel, Macarena Gómez and Dafne Fernández.
The Brooklyn Daily Eagle's Alfred Duckett found the book "simple enough to entertain," and a syndicated review credited to both "Joe Wing" and "W. G. Rogers" leads with "Anyone who thrills to secret agent stories should get a bang out of this one."
Its name Bang Boet, literally translated as "place of bombs", because in World War II it was a target that was bombed by the Allies.
In the past, Bang Boet was known for farming watermelons on the Prince Sithiporn Kridakara's cultivation.
These watermelons were large in size, sweet and crispy, known as Bang Boet Watermelon.
It also has a hill of the same name, Khao Bang Boet, which is a notable feature.
Bang Boet Beach has a length of approximately  and cool.
In addition, there is also a jetty called Bang Boet Fish Marketing that extends into the sea.
Tove Bang (18 February 1904 – 26 March 1977) was a Danish actress.
In the case of the non-collider experiments, SMPs are defined as sufficiently long-lived particles which exist either as relics of the big bang singularity or are the products of secondary collisions, and are beyond the range of any conceivable accelerator experiment.
This work developed into larger works created by spraying neoprene through wire mesh that erupted from floors in a more unruly fashion: the graphite-coated Big Bang (1998) and Explosion (1998), which delineated different types of smoke in black, gray and white.
In 2018, Xu participated in Dragon TV's idol survival show The Next Top Bang.
Ko Koet (, ) is an island in the Chao Phraya River in the area of Bang Pa-in District, southern part of Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province, central Thailand.
It is located 13 bn light-years away, does not yet have an accepted non-identifier name and significantly challenges theoretical models of early SMBH growth, apparently existing just ∼670 million years after the Big Bang despite its large size.
Chiang Rak Bridge, a bridge over the Chao Phraya River and connecting Sam Khok with Bang Sai was built in 1996 and opened in 1998.
Royal Consort Sug-ui of the Onyang Bang clan (Hangul: 숙의 방씨, Hanja: 淑儀 方氏; ?
On February 22, 1851, Lady Bang gave birth to their her daughter, who died at an young age.
Wat Yansangwararam was built on  in the southern region of Huai Yai, Bang Lamung District, Chonburi Province,  southeast of Pattaya City.
In the TV series The Big Bang Theory, its 229th episode The Cognition Regeneration has a scene where one of the main characters, Dr. Sheldon Cooper, declines to have a tickle fight with his girlfriend Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, after she suggests that Dr. Cooper should challenge his motor skills.
He criticized the performance of the game on Nintendo Switch saying that "we noted numerous instances of slowdown" and "even the odd lengthy pause slap bang in the middle of a run".
It was directed by Bang Jae-yeob.
An application of Mioduszewski's work is in replicating conditions similar to just after the Big Bang by colliding gold particles accelerated to nearly the speed of light.
She specialises in large-scale simulations of galaxy formation starting approximately one million years after the Big Bang.
 Claes Bang as The Dean
In 2020, Nishio joined the music project BanG Dream!, voicing the character Nanami Hiromachi as well as becoming bassist of the band Morfonica.
On August 22–23, she participated in the BanG Dream!
After a 3-week break, Dundee came back with a bang in a decisive 3–0 win over an in-form Motherwell side, but would once again lose a key player to injury in a big win with defender Lee Ashcroft damaging his hamstring.
Çağatay completed her doctoral degree under German linguist Willy Bang Kaup.
In 1923,  Arat had begun studying for his doctorate at the philosophy faculty of Berlin University under Wilhelm Bang Kaup.
Until year 1931, he worked under Bang Kaup, cataloging Old Uyghur manuscripts.
 Bang In-jaeacoustic guitar
After Wang-Won ascended the throne as the 26th King of Goryeo, Bang later promoted to Byeoksangsamhanjeonggwang (벽상삼한정광, 壁上三韓正匡) because his contribution after make the new King ascended the throne.
Bang was participated in national military service while served 7 lords and 2 empresses.
Bang Kaup did study Manchu, Old Persian, Avestan, and Mongol with Charles de Harlez.
From 1893 Bang started to carry out researches in ancient Turkish stone inscriptions, the runic alphabet, which had been deciphered by Vilhelm Thomsen using the methods of language comparison with modern Turkic languages and dialects.
From 1910 to 1914, Bang worked on the Codex Cumanicus.
During 1895 to 1914, Bang worked as a Professor of English in Leuven and wrote several important studies on English literature.
When the First World War broke out, Bang left Belgium and in 1917 became professor of Turkish Studies in Frankfurt.
Bang elaborated the classical issues in the historical grammar of the Turkic languages in his several writings (“Vom Köktürkischen zum Osmanischen,” “Monographien zur türkischen Sprachgeschichte”).
Annemarie von Gabain : W. Bang Kaup 1869–1934.
Annemarie von Gabain: Personal memories of W. Bang Kaup.
Peter Zieme: Bang Kaup, Johann Wilhelm Max Julius.
The correspondence between Willi Bang (-Kaup) and Friedrich Carl Andreas from the years 1889 to 1914 (= treatises of the Academy of Sciences in Göttingen NF 20).
Four White Caps rush towards the house and bang at the door.
 Kim Byung-ki as Bang Young-chan
Their autonomy threatened the British settlers and plantation owners, leading to the Twelve Companies, under Liu Shan Bang, to attempt a coup against Brooke's rajahnate, only to fail and be brutally defeated.
The Young Bucks performed More Bang for Your Buck on Fénix, but Penta broke up the pin.
Centerforward Herluf Bang of Silkeborg IF was the league's top scorer, netting 28 goals, corresponding to 43.75 percent of his own team's goals.
Studioflicks rated the album 3 out of 5 and wrote "Santosh Narayanan is back with a bang with a complete package of emotions and joy conveyed through the songs.
These citizens started to bang pots, pans and other utensils in these popular protests known in Spanish as “cacerolazos.” A big crowd of protestors gathered at Plaza de Mayo, right in front of the Casa Rosada (Pink House) which is the office of the President of Argentina.
Writing for Clash Magazine, Noveen Bajpai wrote, "[This album] digs deeper into ‘80s power pop, and doesn’t exactly start off with the kind of bang suggested by the mothership-esque landing of its title track."
Ishq Hai is a Pakistani television series produced by Fahad Mustafa and Ali Kazmi under the banner Big Bang Entertainment.
MATHUSLA's location on the surface, shielded from the radiation of LHC collisions that can obfuscate LLP signals, as well as its large detection volume allows it to fill this capability  gap and detect LLPs with very long lifetimes up to the ~0.1 second upper limit imposed by Big Bang nucleosynthesis.
Bang Chan (3Racha) – background vocals, lyrics, composition, arrangement
In 2019, she made her voice acting debut as the character Rei "LAYER" Wakana in the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!, and later was cast as the character Shano Himegami in D4DJ.
Raychell made her voice acting debut in 2019 when she was cast as the character Rei "Layer" Wakana in BanG Dream.
After an apprenticeship with Poul Bang in the 1950s, she worked in Bent Stålgård's workshop.
Garden and the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, occupying an area in the historic Bang Rak neighbourhood featuring several European heritage buildings.
As an undergraduate at Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics, Zahn studied the early Universe and constrained deviations from the laws of gravity and electro-magnetism during the Big Bang.
 Yoon In-jo as Bang Young-joo, a media group voice actor and media wife 
Plans to restore the livelihoods of villagers on the Nakai Plateau and along the Xe Bang Fai River have yet to be ratified.
A physics graduate, Inglis wanted Whizz Pop Bang to be free of advertising as well as gender-neutral.
Whizz Pop Bang is a "Key partner" of Birmingham City Council's Birmingham virtual school.
The Comte de Castelnau then became the French consul to Siam, and Mongkut granted the French use of a piece of land by the Chao Phraya River, in the area now known as Bang Rak, for establishing a consulate in 1857.
By the early 20th century, the Bang Rak area had become a busy commercial hub, thanks to development that flowed along Charoen Krung Road.
Among its long-term inquiries were Abstract Possible: The Stockholm Synergies, 2012, with, among others, Doug Ashford, Mika Tajima, Matias Faldbakken, Wade Guyton and José Léon Cerillo; The New Model, in collaboration with Lars Bang Larsen, 2011–ongoing, with, among others, Magnus Bärtås and Ane Hjort Guttu; The Eros Effect: Art Solidarity Movements and the Struggle for Social Justice, 2015.
2020: The New Model: An Inquiry, co-edited with Lars Bang Larsen (Berlin and Stockholm: Sternberg Press and Tensta konsthall).
Most Hated is the debut studio album by American rapper Fredo Bang.
Lionheartv.net praised the single, stating that "BINI begins its new era with a bang, for its empowering single Born To Win".
126 in Snaren's Quarter in 1689, owned by Christoffer Bang.
 Pentacletopsyllus Bang, Baguley & Moon, 2014
Its clients include Audi, Bang & Olufsen, Carhartt and Nuts.com.
I'll be excitedly waiting to see Reese, Finch, Carter, Fusco, Bear and maybe even Shaw finish it all out with a bang."
 Bang Chan (3Racha) – background vocals, lyrics, composition
But if anything, we all know that with Person of Interest, it's going to go out with a solidly, well-crafted bang of story, action and character."
Bang Joon-seo as young Banya
During June 18, an African American man would bang on an alarm with a broom leading to it short circuiting.
 Bang YJ, Kim YW, Yang HK,... Kim YH, Ji J, Yeh TS, Button P, Sirzén F, and Noh SH; CLASSIC trial investigators.
The first sign of trouble aboard Estonia was when a metallic bang was heard, presumably caused by a heavy wave hitting the bow doors around 01:00, when the ship was on the outskirts of the Turku archipelago, but an inspection—limited to checking the indicator lights for the ramp and visor—showed no problems.
The first metallic bang was believed to have been the sound of the visor's lower locking mechanism failing, and that the subsequent noises would have been from the visor 'flapping' against the hull as the other locks failed, before tearing free and exposing the bow ramp.
The Big Bang Theory:
 Shin Seung-hwan as Bang Hyeong-do, 42 years old, Wonju's husband
Lee Chae-bin as Bang Sa-rang, 10 years old, Wonju's daughter
Another popular sitcom was Blossom, which ran from 1990 to 1995 on NBC, starring future The Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bialik.The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was a sitcom which ran from 1990 to 1996.
It became successful in many places across the world.The Big Bang Theory was a sitcom named after the scientific theory.
Heo Jun-seok as Bang Yi-hoon, 40 years old
He is known for his roles as Ren Nanahoshi in Argonavis from BanG Dream!
Argonavis from BanG Dream!, Ren Nanahoshi
Zachary Aguilar (born February 21, 1998) is an American voice actor who has provided his voice to numerous English dubbed versions of Japanese anime and video games, working for Bang!
In Bang Bo District, Samut Prakan Province He was the youngest child of Mr. Pong and Mrs. Phae Bamrungpong, a farmer and a village headman.
According to Kroseide, he listened to the reviews and came back with a bang in his Top 6 performance of Fela Kuti’s Gentleman.
Suzie Yeung (born June 12, 1991) is an American voice actress who has done work for Sound Cadence Studios, Funimation, Bang Zoom!
Humfreys was not charged with anything in relation to the murder, claiming that he heard a bang but did not know that Charles had shot his father.
A sound ... a big bang ... the sound of thunder ... rolling off a drum.
Her other film credits have included Cowboys Don't Cry, Dead Bang, The Right Kind of Wrong and Chicks with Sticks.
Bang Chan, a member, and leader of the group said to several South Korean news outlets, "it [Noeasy] means that we want to leave a loud impact on the world with our music."
The upbeat alternative R&B tenth track, performed by Bang Chan and Hyunjin, "Red Lights" features a "wild" feeling created by "violent" string sound and electric guitar, giving a "ripened sexy charm".
The group released the track's snippet videos called "unveil: track" for the eight out of new twelve tracks, i.e., "Cheese", Bang Chan and Hyunjin's "Red Lights", Han, Seungmin and I.N's "Gone Away", Lee Know, Changbin and Felix's "Surfin'", "Domino", "Sorry, I Love You", "The View", and "Secret Secret".
It was accompanied by a music video posted to YouTube, Naver TV, and V Live, directed by Bang Jae-yeob.
 Bang Jae-yeob – video production, director
He was an acting lecturer in literature at the Department of Nordic Studies and Literature at the University of Oslo from 1994 to 1995, an acting associate professor at the department from 1997 to 1998 and a researcher at the department from 1999 to 2000 on a short-term project on the literature of Herman Bang.
Pankaj Shukla of Amar Ujala gave the film 2.5 out of 5 stars and stated, "The film is fine for passing the time on weekends but its director Dhyanesh Jotting has raised a hope that if given a chance, he will definitely do a big bang."
Today, the club features several sporting facilities, as well as dining services and function rooms in the original clubhouse, which has been recognized as an award-winning historic building, and is one of several historic buildings in Bang Rak District.
The club originally occupied premises on the north side of Surawong Road (then known as Suriwongse), at what is now the corner of Maha Set Road, not far from Surawong's junction with Charoen Krung Road, then the commercial heart of the Bang Rak expatriate neighbourhood.
The site was inscribed on the World Heritage list in 2021 at the World Heritage Committee's extended 44th session, amidst controversy surrounding the government's long-standing campaign to forcibly displace the indigenous S'gaw Karen people of Bang Kloi from their village in Kaeng Krachan NP, which also involved the murder of activist Porlajee Rakchongcharoen in 2014.
Under the management of , electrification was extended north to Dusit Palace and southeast to the Chinese and Western business districts (now Chinatown and Bang Rak), where private businesses quickly adopted its use.
The hypothesized source of these particles are relics from the early universe or the big bang, as well as extreme energetic astrophysical phenomena such as the merger of two quark stars.
The argument rests on an updated version of natural theology with biological evolution and Big Bang theory using scientific inference.
It was determined that there were traces of the European kestrel inside Engine No.3 causing it to lose power and fail, which was accompanied by a loud bang and it was noticed by the crew with immediate actions to slow down the plane.
The church was built by architects Jacob E. Bang and Erik Jensen.
Oh Kyung-ju as Bang Ki-hoon, a suspect who was investigated for killing his own girlfriend.
Salomonsen and Bernhard Bang.
Bang Chan also said, "The message of the song is that Stray Kids, as sorikkun (singer), will face off against the jansorikkun (naggers), and confidently let loose our sound."
The music video teasers were released on August 20–21, Directed by Bang Jae-yeob, and shoot in cinematic scale, the music video mash-up Korean historical and modern styles, like sports cars in front of the palace, Stray Kids wearing modern clothes among the people in hanbok.
 Bang Chan (3Racha) – lyrics, composition, arrangement
: le big bang luthérien
 The Banality of Grief – Jon Bang Carlsen ()
Snowball () is a 2020 South Korean youth drama film, directed by Lee Woo-jeong and starring Bang Min-ah, Shim Dal-gi and Han Sung-min.
He rose to prominence with the 2021 television series Racket Boys as Bang Yoon-dam, for which he was awarded the best new actor award at 2021 SBS Drama Awards.
He was awarded with Best New Actor award at 2021 SBS Drama Awards for his portrayal of Bang Yoon-dam in the series.
At 20:05 (after the applause dedicated to the medical workers at 20:00), citizens in Belgrade and Novi Sad, inspired by the initiative Do not let Belgrade d(r)own started to bang pots, in protest of the government's restrictive measures, some calling the protest "loudness against dictatorship".
In a sort of "Big Bang," the World of Light comes into being along with the Great Jordan and uthras.
The album starts with a bang and never stops."
Along the lines of Sukhumvit Road prior World War II was considered a semi-rural area up till Bang Na, and most of the land was occupied by the naval officers, such as Soi Thong Lo (Soi Sukhumvit 55), Soi Klang (Soi Sukhumvit 49), etc.
While it doesn't let you bang away with the 1000-plus monsters available in the Yu-Gi-Oh!
Khlong Si Wa Ta Klom, Khlong Bang Nam Chuet, Khlong Thep Kanchana, Khlong Pathumanon, Khlong Khut Mai, Khlong Liap Tang Rotfai, Khlong Khok Krabue are the main water sources.
Bang Nam Chuet is a northeasternmost part in the province.
In public health and life safety, Bang Nam Chuet includes two local hospitals, one private hospital, one modern dispensary, one police station, one fire station.
Originally, Bang Kok Kok and adjacent Ban Kok Tum were part of Na Kae District, Nakhon Phanom Province, because at that time, Mukdahan Province had not yet been established.
In 2021, she played the character of Monisha in Bang Baang produced by Ekta Kapoor.
Bang Sun-hee returned to Girlkind.
The man-made straight line canal, approximately  long, divided into eight milestones from the beginning to the destination at Bang Nok Khwaek Watergate, Samut Songkhram Province.
Lak Ha Sub-district Municipality hemmed by other areas (from the north clockwise): Bang Phae in Ratchaburi Province, and Sam Phran in Nakhon Pathom Province, Ban Phaeo and Mueang Samut Sakhon in Samut Sakhon Province, with Damnoen Saduak in Ratchaburi Province and Mueang Samut Songkhram in Samut Songkhram Province, respectively.
According to the legend, the name of "Jiangshui noodles" was given by Liu Bang and Xiao He.
Mueang Bang Klang has historical significance as mentioned in Wat Si Chum Inscription, also known as Sukhothai Inscription No.
Mueang Bang Khlang is a town in the middle between Si Satchanalai and Sukhothai, causing both warlords to use this place as a base for war against Khom Sabat Khlon Lamphong, a Khmer noble who ruled Sukhothai at that time, the result of the war, Khom Sabat Khlon Lamphong was defeated.
Pho Khun Pha Mueang gave Sukhothai to his comrade, Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao.
Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao ascended the throne in the name of Si Inthrathit and was the first monarch of the Sukhothai Kingdom.
At present, Mueang Bang Khlang is filled with many ancient artifacts and historical sites, such as ancient monuments in Wat Bot, ancient Bai sema boundary markers, Buddha amulets that are considered magical and sacred, earthenware containers containing human bones, ancient kilns, laterite cutting site, Wat Yai Chai Mongkol, etc., which these Fine Arts Department has registered as national treasures.
Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, who is interested in studying Thai history, has visited here twice, the first in 2007 and the second when she presided over the opening ceremony of the Pho Khun Bang Klang Hao and Pho Khun Pha Mueang monument in front of the sub-district municipality office on October 25, 2016.
Mueang Bang Khlang lies between two cities Si Satchanalai (upper side) and Sukhothai (lower side), it is a small town has a trapezium plan and stretches in the north to the south direction flanked by two water courses, Fa Kradan to the east and Khlong Yang that flows past in the west side.
Mueang Bang Khlang is about   from downtown Sukhothai and about  from Sukhothai Airport.
The hospital officially opened as Bang Kho Laem Hospital on 25 November 1971.
Gaiman was distinguished by outstanding courage and a passionate love for military affairs, but the desire to attack with a bang, insufficient reconnaissance and a certain disdain for the enemy were sometimes the reason for failure.
The Taiwan Navy carried out the Tongji exercise on March 28 of the same year and dispatched the Chung Jian (LST-205) and Chong Chie (LST-218), Chung Wan (LST-229) and Chung Bang (LST-230) went to Vietnam to evacuate overseas Chinese and refugees, and transport supplies.
On March 30, on the way to Vietnam, the detachment learned that Da Nang and Cam Ranh Bay had fallen, and the Chung Wan and Chung Bang ships turned into the Chao Phraya River and arrived in Saigon on April 3 to unload their supplies.
Let's hope they make the best of the opportunity and finish off Justified with a bang."
Vietnamese historian Nguyễn Hòa claimed that Kelley's view on the status of Đại Việt being a Văn hiến chi bang was flawed and that the status wasn't declared by the Vietnamese themselves but awarded to Đại Việt by the Hongwu Emperor.
It's certainly looking like it's going to go out with a satisfying bang."
Vhong Navarro, Vice Ganda, Amy Perez, and Kim Chiu reprised their roles as hosts, and was joined by Karylle as an occasional co-host; Ryan Bang reprised his role as gong master, while Jugs Jugueta and Teddy Corpuz reprised their roles occasionally.
In 1935, a health station opened along the banks of the Bang Pakong River in Chachoengsao Town, operating under the management of the Mueang Chachoengsao Municipality.
Some of his other major works include Azumanga Daioh, A Certain Magical Index, and Argonavis from BanG Dream!
In her exhibition "What It Is" (2010), MacPhee piled the shapes and futuristic species of earlier works en masse in large, dense paintings that  Christina Kee of Artcritical described as colliding, overlapping scenes of barely controlled, abstract/figurative abundance pushed to a point of compositional near-breakdown (e.g., Float 2009; Big Bang 2010).
The word Bang Tabun means "place of tabun trees", tabun is a Thai term for Xylocarpus granatum, a type of mangrove plant that grows heavily in this area.
Bang Tabun is a waterside and coastline community that has been referenced in Thai history since the late Ayutthaya period.
At the estuary where the Bang Tabun River empties into the sea is a large fertile mangrove forest and home to a fishing village.
Bang Tabun has the status of a tambon (sub-district) of Ban Laem District, northeast of Phetchaburi Province.
Bang Tabun also consists of eight administrative mubans (village), with total of  911 households.
While Bang Tabun Ok consists of five administrative mubans, with total of 705 households.
Including a cruise out to the Ao Bang Tabun to see Bryde's whales.
But she also read widely herself, taking an interest in philosophy, history and literature, and absorbing the works of the leading Danish authors of the day such as Henrik Ibsen and Herman Bang and studying  Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species.
Apart from referencing the rappers Farid Bang and Kurdo, "Bramfeld Storys" also features several samples from televised show segments about David, including one hosted by journalist Martina Taubert.
He concluded by calling the album "worth listening to" and additionally stated that David "throws her carefully cultivated public image out of the window [...] and kicks in the door with a bang.
We were all writing lyrics – it wasn't our music or his music, it was smack bang down the middle with every lyric."
 Dal big bang ai buchi neri.
On March 24, 1885, Herbinger along with General Oscar de Négrier participated in the Battle of Bang Bo which concluded the success of the Lạng Sơn campaign of the previous month.
There's a lot of bang for your buck too.
In 2007 and onward, second generation groups such as Big Bang, TVXQ, Super Junior, 2PM, Shinee, Beast and Infinite continued to grow the popularity of male group domestically in Korea as well as globally through the second phase of Hallyu.
Grade 4 member Bang Sun-hee is a member of Girlkind under her stage name, Ellyn.
She is a writer for Whizz Pop Bang and The Week Junior Science + Nature,  British science magazines for children.
Cho Mi-yeon as Bang Ye-kyung
The writer of the series, Kim Hyeon-min, Bang So-min, and Jin Yun-ju won through CJ ENM's O'PEN contest, a support project for new storytellers – "[the] story of three tastes teenagers who break away from the typical teen drama".
A survivor said she opened her door and saw black smoke everywhere, and other residents stated they heard a loud bang concurrent with that of an explosion before the fire was discovered.
Shortly after, it was reported the group had already recorded two title tracks, one written by Bang Si-hyuk and one by Park Jin-young.
After lawsuits from Zynga, the developer of popular games like Words with Friends, Bang with Friends changed its name to DOWN in late 2013.
In just the first few weeks after launch in January 2013, Bang with Friends picked up coverage first from the niche entertainment site, BroBible, and then went viral with stories in BuzzFeed, the Daily Mail, The Daily Beast, and even the Colbert Report.
Bang With Friends reached 1 million users within three months of launch.
With the surge of registrations and press attention, the Bang With Friends app gained even more headlines with a guerilla marketing campaign at the March, 2013 South by Southwest Festival.
Midway through 2013, Bang With Friends was sued by Zynga, the social network game maker who owned Words With Friends.
Zynga claimed the trademark rights to the phrase "With Friends," threatening a lawsuit against Bang With Friends.
Dodge 1935 accepted as Trichophyton purpureum H. Bang,  (1910)
The two were originally scheduled to fight at ONE Championship: Big Bang last year.
In late December, two outposts in Cao Bang province were selected.
The signed players include former professional players such as Lee In-su, Kim Chang-heon, and former Ansan Greeners FC player Bang Chan-jun.
24 June – Astronomers provide a new calculation for when the first stars formed, placing this event between 250 and 350 million years after the Big Bang.
When discussions for the track's inclusion on his solo record occurred, he thought about having former bandmate Bang Yong-guk take part in the song.
The record opens with "Photo", which features Bang Yong-guk.
On the 23rd, just 3 days before the EP was released, Bea officially announced the project, stating: "These collection of songs [sic] are probably some of my favourite songs [I've] written so far [...] This ones pretty different so get ready [to] head bang and cry ofc."
Shortly after, the second loud bang was heard as the No.1 rear main tire also burst.
All tracks were produced and written 3Racha, an in-house production team of Stray Kids, consisting of Bang Chan, Changbin, and Han.
The group's member Felix and Korean American rapper Junoflo co-wrote the English lyrics of "Domino", originally included in the group's second studio album Noeasy, with the original writer Bang Chan.
Wat Prasat is in Bang Krang Subdistrict, Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi Province.
Turn left into Bang Kruai.
Pass Wat Suan Kaew (วัดสวนแก้ว), go straight to Bang Kruai - Sai Noi route.
By boat, get off the ferry at Nonthaburi Pier, cross the river and connect to a minibus at Bang Yai - Pier.
Learning Center for ready-made garments and tie-dye fabrics, Kru Uthai filling machines (เครื่องถมอุทัย), Bang Krang Housewives Farmers Group, Moo 4, selling Elephant Garlic.
The entire complex was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1951 and 1999. Notable former residents include the jurist and later prime minister of Denmark Peter Georg Bang and the military officer .
Peter Georg Bang, a jurist and politician, resided on the first floor with his wife Marie Caroline, their eight children, two male servants and two maids.
One of the children was the painter Marie Vilhelmine Bang.
It is an area on the western coast of the Gulf of Thailand covering the Pa Klang Ao Forest Park, Mae Ramphueng Forest Park, Koh Talu, Koh Sing, and Koh Sanghk, Bang Saphan District Prachuap Khiri Khan Province.
Mae Ramphueng Forest Park Mae Ramphueng Subdistrict Bang Saphan District Prachuap Khiri Khan Province With an area of approximately 4,483 rai, the Royal Forest Department announced the establishment of a forest park on 16 January 2002.
6, Mae Ramphueng Subdistrict, Bang Saphan District Prachuap Khiri Khan Province with an area of approximately 1,200 rai.
Koh Talu, Bang Saphan Noi District Prachuap Khiri Khan Province With an area of approximately 1,500 rai with white sandy beaches, which is the island where Eretmochelys imbricata spawns every year during May–October.
It stars Augustus Prew as Ellis with Justin Long and Andrea Bang in supporting roles.
In January 2022, Justin Long, Augustus Prew, and Andrea Bang were confirmed to star.
"Christmas EveL" is a funky hip hop song written by the group's in-house production team 3Racha, consisting of Bang Chan, Changbin, and Han, and co-composed with Hot Sauce in the key of F minor, 140 beats per minute with a running time of 2 minutes and 59 seconds.
Lyrically, "Christmas EveL" said about Christmas from a different point of view, Bang Chan said the song "contains our naughty side and energy", while Changbin "wanted to express the reason why naughty boys looked at Christmas differently, rather than a romantic and warm Christmas".
Later, Bang Chan pressed the button to warp everyone again left the store.
At the 2008 Mnet Km Music Festival, Lee and boy group Big Bang performed together a medley of their songs, which included parts of "10 Minutes".
The Mysterious Class (Korean: 남고괴담; RR: Namgogoedam;  "Ghost Story in a Boys' School") is a 2021 South Korean web series featuring an ensemble cast consisting of the members of boy band Treasure—Choi Hyun-suk, Jihoon, Yoshi, Junkyu, Mashiho, Yoon Jae-hyuk, Asahi, Bang Ye-dam, Doyoung, Haruto, Park Jeong-woo and So Jung-hwan.
Laura Stahl is an American voice actress and voice director, known for her work on anime dubs for Bang Zoom!
Dinh Ngoc Tinh, a Cao Bang veteran said: "On the way to evacuate, my mother and the workers of a pig farm were arrested.
In "The Maternal Combustion", a 2015 episode of The Big Bang Theory, Leonard Hofstadter compares Sheldon Cooper to an elephant seal pup who steals milk because Hofstadter feels Cooper is getting all the attention from Hofstadter's mother in addition to his own.
She started out by acting in puppet shows in Japan, before moving to the United States and joining Bang Zoom!
In New York, she entered an online voice acting contest hosted by Bang Zoom!
Emi Lo is a Taiwanese-Chinese-American voice actor, known for voice acting in anime dubs for Funimation and Bang Zoom!
He is known for his work on the television programs Mom, The Big Bang Theory, B Positive, Mike & Molly, Two and a Half Men and Sister, Sister.
Bang Khen (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Tha Sai, Thung Song Hong, Lat Yao, Wong Sawang, Suan Yai, Talat Khwan and Bang Kraso subdistricts.
Bang Kraso (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
They are followed by Big Bang, Exo and 2NE1 with the second-most nominations, having each been nominated four times.
Bang Phai (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Phai Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
Website of Bang Phai Subdistrict Administrative Organization
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality ().
Website of Bang Si Mueang Town Municipality
Bang Krang (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Bang Rak Noi (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Website of Bang Rak Noi Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Phra Chulachomklao Fort  (; also known as "Phra Chun Fort") is a water fortress in a sub-district in Khlong Bang Pla Kot, Phra Samut Chedi District, Samut Prakan Province.
The Phra Chulachomklao Fort locates in Thailand's, Samut Prakan Province, Nai Khlong Bang Pla Kot Subdistrict, Phra Samut Chedi District.
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Kruai Town Municipality ().
Wat Chalo (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Website of Bang Kruai Town Municipality
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Si Thong Subdistrict Municipality ().
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Khanun Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
Website of Bang Khanun Subdistrict Administrative Organization
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Khun Kong Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
Website of Bang Khun Kong Subdistrict Administrative Organization
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality ().
Website of Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality
Sao Thong Hin (, ) is one of the six subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Yai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Ban Mai (, ) is one of the six subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Yai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Marshall Bang, known professionally as MRSHLL (), is a Korean-American R&B and K-pop singer.
Bang grew up in Orange County, California, in an evangelical Christian family, and attended church every Sunday.
Bang signed to Korean hip-label Feel Ghood Music.
Bang is openly gay.
Bang came out publicly in an interview with Time Out Seoul in 2015, and was described as the first openly gay K-pop singer, though Holland, another openly gay singer, made his official musical debut first.
Like the loyal, beleaguered beauty in the story, you bang your head and blood drips on the fan.
 Ryan Bang as Ryan
Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Thawi Watthana, Bang Khu Rat, Ban Mai, Khlong Yong and Naraphirom.
The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Khun Si, Sai Noi, Phimon Rat, Bang Khu Rat, Nong Phrao Ngai and Naraphirom subdistricts.
Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Sai Yai, Rat Niyom, Khlong Khwang, Sai Noi, Thawi Watthana, Naraphirom and Bang Phasi.
Neighbouring subdistricts are (clockwise from north) Khlong Khwang, Lahan, Bang Bua Thong, Thawi Watthana and Khun Si.
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Khu Rat Town Municipality ().
Website of Bang Khu Rat Town Municipality
Phimon Rat (, ) is one of the eight subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Bua Thong District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
The subdistrict is surrounded by Bang Bua Thong and Phimon Rat subdistricts.
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Bua Thong Town Municipality ().
Website of Bang Bua Thong Town Municipality
Lahan (, ) is one of the eight subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Bua Thong District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
", the catchphrase used by Dr. Sheldon Cooper of The Big Bang Theory
Bang Eun-jung is a South Korean actress.
 Øyvin Bang Berven as "Tarzan" the gym teacher
Bang Phlap (, ) is one of the twelve subdistricts (tambon) of Pak Kret District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Website of Bang Phlap Subdistrict Municipality
When Xiang is confounded by Hồ's words, his advisor Fan steps up and argues that good leadership is proven by followers' loyalty, like how Cao Jiu fought to death for Xiang, unlike how Yong Chi and Chen Xi betrayed Liu Bang.
Bang Phut (, ) is one of the twelve subdistricts (tambon) of Pak Kret District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Bang Talat (, ) is one of the twelve subdistricts (tambon) of Pak Kret District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand.
Jennifer Roselyn Ogole, Chief Executive Officer, Bang Edutainment.
An extreme speculation is that the biochemistry of life could have begun as early as 17 My (million years) after the Big Bang, during a supposedly habitable epoch, and that life may exist throughout the universe.
Bay Aib () is a 2016 Pakistani drama television series aired on Urdu 1, produced by Dr.Ali Kazmi and Fahad Mustafa under their production banner Big Bang Entertainment.
 30 January 2022, Bang Pa-in Ayutthaya didn't come to the game and were forfeited and awarded 2 goals to Hua Hin City.
12 February 2022, Bang Pa-in Ayutthaya didn't come to the game and were forfeited and awarded 2 goals to Kanchanaburi.
20 February 2022, Bang Pa-in Ayutthaya didn't come to the game and were forfeited and awarded 2 goals to Samut Songkhram.
That moment exists in Horror in the High Desert, but it doesn't come with a big bang as it often does in similar films.
Heavy ion conditions give rise to a strongly interacting state matter known as the quark–gluon plasma, which is similar to the matter founded in the moments following the Big Bang.
 Hwang Young-hee as Mrs. Bang
Worawut was scheduled to face Alvin Medura for the vacant WBC-ABC super bantamweight title on 19 October 2019, at the Workpoint Studio in Bang Phun.
Worawut was booked to make his second WBC-ABC super bantamweight title defense against the journeyman Joel Kwong on 5 September 2020, at the Workpoint Studio in Bang Phun.
Worawut made his third WBC-ABC super bantamweight title defense against the former two-time WBO bantamweight champion Panya Uthok on 13 March 2021, at the Workpoint Studio in Bang Phun.
20th Century Girl () is an upcoming South Korean streaming television film directed and written by Bang Woo-ri and starring Kim Yoo-jung, Byeon Woo-seok, Park Jung-woo and Roh Yoon-seo.
The subsequent negative-feedback Dolby HX Pro, developed by Bang & Olufsen and marketed by Dolby, became the de facto standard of the consumer high fidelity industry in the middle of the 1980s.
He is also currently owning a YouTube channel named Bang Edy Channel.
The local parish priest Knud Sevaldsen Bang oversaw the construction of the new wooden long church.
The project was presented at the Sitges Film Festival in October 2021, with the participation of the director Jaume Balagueró, star performer Ester Expósito as well as Álex de la Iglesia, Carolina Bang, Ricardo Cabornero and Iván Losada.
Madsine Sophie Holm, Rasmus Holm's mother, resided on the second floor with her son Hendrich Peter Holm, Rasmus Bang, a sailmaker employed by Holm, was also resident on the second floor with his wife Christiane Christensen and their three children (aged three to seven).
After placing songs on The Today Show, The Big Bang Theory, Brooklyn 99, and The Voice, Cameron recorded the independent album Encore in 2014.
On December 4, 2020, he faced veteran Errol Zimmerman for his promotional debut at ONE Championship: Big Bang 2 in Singapore.
| 2020-12-04 || Win ||align=left| Errol Zimmerman ||  ONE Championship: Big Bang 2 || Kallang, Singapore || KO (spinning heel kick) || 2|| 1:35
Suguta became a member of the band Morfonica in 2020, serving as its guitarist; the band is a part of the multimedia franchise BanG Dream!.
This missing echo of the formation of the world, as Lemaître poetically called it, confirmed the cosmological scenario of the Big Bang, of which Lemaître was one of the first discoverers between 1920 and 1930.
Azmaish is a Pakistani family drama television series written by Sameena Aijaz and produced by Dr. Ali Kazmi and Fahad Mustafa under banner Big Bang Entertainment which was aired on ARY Digital.
He wrote a book named 'Bharat Mata Ka Sandesh' during Bang Bhang movement.
At the end of his analysis, Holland wrote: "Batman: The Imposter #1 kicks off the series with a bang and promises more thought-provoking, beautifully drawn excitement is to come".
Julle Frederikke Verger Bang and Bolette Dam, two women, each of them with two children (aged one to five), were also residents of the building (location bit specified in the census records).
On 19 September 1996, Chung provoked a controversy when he assaulted an NCNP MP Bang Yong-seok during a parliamentary session.
During that time, Bang, who is 8 year older than Chung, was using informal language to Chung.
Bang was severely injured and got an emergency treatment.
It is produced by Fahad Mustafa and Dr.Ali Kazmi under their production banner "Big Bang Entertainment".
Likewise, Daniel Riera of Big Bang!
they had to send a park ranger to get it back because dad really liked that hat a bone-shaking bang scattered my thoughts .
he called to lzaro , leaning forward to bang on the outside of the cab .
she heard a loud bang beneath her as the baggage compartment door was slammed shut .
he preferred to plan his future hits carefully but hed been handed the means by which to begin his career with a bang , so hed do what needed to be done on these .
does that mean he decided to disappear and bang a fifteen year old for a few days , or does that mean hes mulch in a tomato field ?
they both clamped their hands over their ears and waited for the loud bang that often came after a wild ride .
i would recommend being highly stealthy , or taking them all out with a loud bang , ackers advised .
i figured they did that , im just worried about what type of bang they make , johnny clarified .
with a satisfying bang , the lead mutan fell like a rag .
gabe tries to take the turns easy so tarrens head doesnt bang against the window .
the flooring around the pool area , which was going to be slap bang in the centre , would be sunk about two meters down , into part of the new basement below , and the pool itself would extend outside - although the outside portion of it could be isolated when not in use , or in the cooler months , by retractable glass partitions .
as the owners of container could not now be traced , this lead to the further assumption that it was not office but terrorist material inside it , and it had become unstable ( gone bang ) .
they could not see when the engine finally gave up with a last sputter and a loud bang with taylor trying to get closer to the ground in controlled flight .
the altimeter quickly started to unwind , with the asi ( air speed indicator ) heading in the opposite direction , and then suddenly the inevitable happened bang , i had finally gone solo through the sound barrier , and it was a fabulous feeling .
the diesel kept hammering and i felt confident we were going to make it but just as we drew abreast of a large maintenance dock there was a loud clang and bang followed by a cloud of smoke and the engine turned it final revolution .
but , with a loud bang issuing from the beasts gun , kants hand was ripped from his wrist .
joseph turned off the torch and grabbed the sledgehammer to bang off the thick scale .
she looked at the one burgey had just given her , rather than chancing having the two of them around her neck bang against one another , she started to put it back into the beaded bag , but the old man reached out , snatched the bag from her , and slipped it into his pocket .
he followed more than willingly as she led him to the bedroom and closed the door behind them with a bang .
the gypsy strode into the bedroom and threw back the door where it crashed into the wall with a bang .
he just wanted to make a big bang , something all demolition men took way too much pride in .
just as dhaval thought he had enough information to begin , he heard a loud metallic bang above him that reverberated through the shaft .
mom would be happy as everything if she heard the front screen door bang shut and saw dub and i walk into the kitchen .
or , whoever put the cross out front and hung the doll from the tree could bang me in the head .
did mrs. mavis croaky from next door bang the wall over the noise ?
the young lady greystoke was indeed a strange and war-like figure , her mass of black hair falling to her shoulders behind and cut with her hunting knife to a rude bang upon her forehead , that it might not fall before her eyes .
there was a distant bang .
there was a bang from under the hood of the truck and a cloud of smoke suddenly billowed out of the front .
i could still remember the moment i had heaved the door open , and had heard the massive bang as the old wood had swung back on its hinge and impacted with the floor .
as if to remind me , i heard another bang as a bullet apparently lodged into the door .
it creaked open , and i equally slowly pushed up and up , but once it had reached a 90-degree angle , i lost my grip and it fell the rest of the way , slamming on the floor of the attic with a thunderous bang .
i know you 're so good at charts , you give career advice , marriage advice , and you 're bang on right .
possibly tarvik would decide , in an impatient moment , to bang on the temple gates despite our instructions .
nicole felt the bang in her head .
he lifted one fist and was about to start to bang and shout out a long stream of abuse .
riki went behind neil so she could bang the backs of his knees as he climbed down .
the door opened with a sudden bang .
there was another loud bang and the door splintered .
a loud bang at the cellar door snapped them out off their blissful reverie .
with a satisfying bang , the engine turned over and the seven-foot long props began to spin .
there was a loud bang and then the propeller blades just stopped .
he could hear the bang and thump of what sounded like tools being spread on the table .
he climbed out of bed remembering not to bang his head on the overhead .
and his name is wimbledon br- '' there was a loud bang .
well the thing of it is john , big billys got a bee in his bonnet , wants to launch a tabloid edition for the city slickers , easy to read on the tubewants to launch it with a bang so it hits the bricks running , and youre our best bet .
hes starting to rise up , like an animal at bay , under the muzzle of my pistol , when i see his eyes suddenly pop wide , and reflected in them is a lightning flash and a terrific bang goes off behind my head .
and im right there , slap bang in the middle of the picture .
but she was bang on those things are true .
there was at that time by convenient and miraculous coincidence a vast free-floating family of rocks passing close to our galaxy , these rocks were the remnants of a big bang in another universe and another time-span , they carried no dna but did have consciousness .
he heard a loud bang , then another , as he tore forward , with his hands flailing , through the native growth .
wheeler whistled before speaking , oh yeah , if these are real , there could a very big bang .
after releasing ten feet of rope , there was a loud bang as the fat mans foot struck the window below .
an audible creak is followed by a brief bang and rift ascertains that malon has ventured back into the house .
there wasnt just one big bang , there were many , and they were all at various stages of expansion .
the loud bang made my nerves jump .
the audis bang & olufsen speakers blared out 80s music from the satellite radio system , while jonesy sat deep in thought .
i just want to know that on the off chance i bang a girl scout i am not going to jail .
when chris opened the door , it blew out of his hand and swung open with a bang .
there was an ear-splitting bang and , ten feet in front of her car , a solid wall appeared out of thin air .
with an enormous bang , his door burst open , and a squad of marines in full battledress uniforms poured through , guns raised and pointed at him .
there was a huge bang from forward and the remains of the fore spring shot aft , with the power of a bull whip .
he turned back to the right door to bang on it again just as ronika opened the left .
i heard the front door bang and the sound of raised voices , daddy must have come home .
the bang in the enclosed space deafened me , the after effects ringing in my ears , and i smelled cordite smoke before the wind rushing in blew it away .
however , the general consensus was that although wheelan was out of order for taking claire without asking ; mcteague was bang out of order for taking her back by force .
liz had just walked in , the bang was n't a gun but the sound of the door closing behind her .
her thoughts were interrupted by a loud bang .
the resounding metal bang echoed through the hallway .
when the ring tone went dead the boss became even angrier and began to bang the receiver but all to no avail .
gan slipped away before clas could do more than bang his fist on the ground .
his head was tilted to the side as he tried to bang the water out of one of his ears .
after about a half hour of relative peace , behind him , ted heard the steel door on the bank roof bang open and the crunching of shoes on gravel .
there was an almighty bang and crunching sounds as each cart was pushed into the one behind .
the door to its sarcophagus opens with a loud bang and its restraints are released with a sudden mechanical clank .
with a bang the control room door explodes and all the air is sucked from the opening , dragging doc , hera , rick and the four witchkin shield bearers , out into space .
there is a loud bang from the ceiling followed by a brief moment of silence .
catching up to dittrich , he asked , so if i can bang on a door i should be able to press a tiny plastic elevator button , shouldnt i ?
a cool breeze entered as the door opened and was cut off immediately as the door shut with a bang .
looks like they had a bang of a party .
the bang made the floor shake and jay knew there was only one thing he could dorun !
jay shut the fridge worriedly with a bang , and then stood staring at it .
it hit the monster with a bang and she descended in little pieces like a firework .
the game ended with one of mormos rebound hits that confused amy and cameron , and made them bang into each other .
she began to ask if he and the two older men were all right , when she was interrupted by a resounding bang from the inside .
aislynn had just finished washing and was about to change her clothing when she heard the door bang open in the other room .
they lined up at the starting line and the gun went off with a bang !
the sound of a bang !
we just crossed the bridge to the island and the jet is approaching the strip , we are bang on time .
the traveller was confident he had his man bang to rights and would soon have him out of their carriage .
meat smiled back then spat out the blood from his mouth , third round i hit em bang on the night night button and down he went , not many get up from a face downer , son .
i love pizza because of its simplicity ; just slap some dough down , spread a little tomato sauce around , add cheese and whatever else youve got laying around and bang !
all i know is i heard one car screech its tires and then bang !
it was like some weird bowling match or something where one car would be sitting on the road and hered come another just racing along and bang !
each head knock and shin bang was another notch closer to sobriety as he opened the final door and fell outside into the sunlight .
one sip told her it was stone cold , and she replaced the mug with a bang on the dark wood table .
joe instantly recognized it and pushed peterson away as hard as he could , shouting , `` flash bang ! ''
suddenly , i heard the glass front door open in a fury and bang against the wall .
with an echoing bang followed by a dull thud , the pack of cigarettes was ejected from the shelf to the collection tray at the bottom of the machine .
but apart from that he doesnt want to join a band as stimulating as he believes we could be just to bang drums to someone elses songs .
calvin looked at danny worried when he heard amys bedroom door bang shut .
anne threw open the door and let it bang against the wall of the kitchen .
he proposed to bradley , go around the room and bang on all the walls .
when he leaves , bang on the wall .
after discovering that the door was indeed locked , which he hoped was not the case and james simply was not doing it right , bradley started to bang on the door really loud .
a loud bang , followed by a metallic scraping sound , echoed from the left side of the craft as it drifted into a large sign hanging loosely from the side of a building across the street .
he squeezed the trigger and with a loud bang , the harpoon whistled toward the target .
you can bang her and get good grades at the same time , and then when the times right you can see if she can help your boy out , you know ?
tomikas grip on the lightning faltered and in a loud bang , the lights cracked , frayed and traveled through the girls hands to put her into an uncontrollable seizure of a shock .
daisy took a chance to escape , but a bang echoed out and splashed the contents of the girls head over the gravel .
are there really that many guys out there that like to bang trannies ?
only cause i wan na bang miley cyrus .
maybe they were at the end of time and wanted to do one final act of kindness before they collapsed into a singularity , or , came back around the other side of the sphere , or , flew outwards in a big bang or , something akin to one of those things .
paul cobb held his finger to his ear as if to say listen , the loud bang was followed by several smaller thuds .
fine , he shut the hood with a bang , sending an impressive dust cloud up into the air .
her mother stepped back to let claire into the hallway , before closing the door behind her with a bang .
's forehead yelled , `` bang ! ''
the animal continued to strut backwards and forwards in front of the seated group , pointing his m16 at someone , saying `` bang !
there was no bang as doug had expected .
a loud bang sounded from down the hallway .
miss jenny elizabeth wren had never been in the wrnss ( wrens ) , she had been an armourer ( with a sub-speciality in ejection seats the bits that went bang or in my case - not ) in the raf , where she met her partner ginger strachan , an airframe fitter .
four days later maria found it misplaced at the bottom of her only to be looked at when suffering from insomnia pile , re-opened it ( all mail is opened off site just in case it was of the variety that went bang as well ) and found a very grand invitation to his excellencys spectacular summer banquette ten days hence oops .
she said : bang goes andrewss surprise he thought .
52 big bang theory okay , guys , the idea is for me to slip backwards into this hole with the rpg aiming out .
that god almighty bang sounded like the chopper going up in smoke .
then she rolled the door shut with an authoritative bang .
just as it did , though , it backfired with an enormous bang , making all three of them jump in their seats and then crack the faintest of smiles in recognition of their nerves .
with bird no - salved - dale and bird bigg - bang - f - rt it was easy , but you .
henderson barely has a chance to finish his sentence when there is a loud bang , almost like an explosion , inside the airplane .
just then , a loud bang cut through their conversation .
before anyone could answer his question , a bang shook their concentrations .
not wanting to bang rocks together all night , she walked over to andrew and kicked his feet .
she pulled the trigger , sparks flew from the pyrite held in the dog 's jaws , and the weapon discharged with an explosive bang , spewing fire .
free bonus chapter of nano zombie : when the world came to an end , it was with more of a whimper than a bang .
i just whispered go for it in his ear and bang we were off .
he strikes the ball and bang !
the general had come into her life with a bang and made her feel safe and comfortable for the first time in a long time .
yes , he observed , shes a hot little bitch , and she intends to go out with a bang .
at least one shot hit the whetstone for the oil canister exploded with a bang .
the bang was undersized and the earth and water fell down onto the flame and doused the fire .
with a huff , she stalked out of the room , the door closing with a loud bang thanks to her anger .
a few years ago , he would have been trying to save up for a car , maybe figuring out what college to go to , trying to bang his girlfriend .
so no explosion , per se , just a super-loud bang and a disappearing can .
talk about going out with a bang .
please , i dont want bang .
the moment you start talking , bang .
sound you like , we can support each other `` both of them can not help but kiss for a long time ... ... `` bang !
... ... ... ... ... bang ... ... ... ... `` not know that middle-aged man was unintentional , or deliberately , as body suddenly fell forward , left and right with the time filed , as if looking for individuals bear hug like .
but he did not take any sweetness , he apparently kicked a big hard rock , kind of hard to imagine the pain traveled the entire foot , wow resounding bang !
a loud bang and rumble of the floor beneath alert us both .
`` i want you to chant a demand for water at the top of your voice repeatedly while making a hell of a racket - bang on the side of the shower stall or something .
theyd left boise the day after the bang .
the driver switched off the engine and the truck let out one last large bang .
this would put edgar in an uproar , and into fierce debating , for he was deeply attached to proving the big bang theory .
charles dropped alice off at the door because he liked to park further out , so no one would accidentally bang or scratch his car .
charles was in disbelief he had always been skeptical of the big bang theory , but this , this was a childs tale from a story book .
he didnt close the door but the wind blew and the door shut with a loud bang .
at that time , the tree trunk above sharines head got exploded , making a huge bang , and shattered the trunk into pieces spreading debris all over sharine and kevin .
the loud bang was heard , the mans brain spattered on the wall .
they heard a loud bang , and the tank vibrated intensely , almost jumped from the ground and turned upside down .
with a loud bang , the bullet made a heavy plunge through the creatures head .
carter mccord was looking to diversify , and he wanted some assurances of the best bang for his buck .
`` ran slap bang into it . ''
i was just about out and ran slab bang into peter . ''
she did n't see me so i sneaked out , pretended to come in again but made the door bang to warn her .
john braked , there was a violent bang and one of the cattle lurched away .
most believe in the big bang theory where our universe was created by a big explosion that moved outward from a given point forming the given galaxies .
if colliding with another universe will create another big bang explosion , it will annihilate all living beings in both universes .
chapter 10 the tomb raiders bang !
the big bang theorygreat t.v .
she looked at simi and revved up her engine , slamming the throttle off , causing her engine to spit , pop and bang on the way down .
jed slammed onto the hood of the car with a bang .
now , when you put them in , hold their heads so they dont bang on the doorway .
she could not believe how beautiful she felt * * * bang !
the door swung shut with a bang and plunged them into darkness .
`` i 'm going out with a bang , '' he mumbled and he began to laugh quietly , fresh tears forming in his eyes .
pulling the trap door , he slammed it down with a loud bang .
paul was bang out of order , and you stopped short of giving him what he deserved - i think youre an honorable man , but you cant blame the girl for what she feels .
brainstorm , im declaring fucking mindwar , rinse out dj chemikals bang that mother-fucking hardcore !
but last week , i think it was tuesday , i was in the zone , every mix i did was bang on .
then suddenly theres this massive bang and al makes this funny kind of squeaking noise .
another loud bang and the average sniper would assume it was the cavalry .
naw , i think this is just the right operation for one person in , through , and then bang !
they heard a door bang inside , and then voices raised .
another perfect shot , it hits bang on target and bounces out into the road .
to kick his new christmas off with a bang , jesus arranges a two day dead heads concert featuring the dead rock stars .
youre doin great , youre gon na be fine , im getting you out of ... bang !
a few moments later they heard the first bang , followed quickly by another .
there was a loud bang , and the box went immediately black .
kind-a got imself a habit-a standin right smack bang in the middle-a the road though , dont he ?
clear signs hes crazy nearly there stand sometimes a body has no choice but to walk smack bang into trouble .
his entrance stole the bang from gideons calculated truth and snuffed the fizzle from the fuse .
right smack bang on the top of the list was theft .
he did wonder in a sort of passing way if , having put fuse to powder and struck the match , if , on reflection , he should have put himself a might farther from the bang .
with a loud bang , the weapon is spilled from its sheath , obviously displaying its magical status .
then he went to the restroom and kicked the door open , causing it to bang on the back wall .
i am starting my profession career off with a bang .
one percent of snow is background outer space radiation falling down from the big bang theory that crated created our universe .
this is your new best friend , a bang gun .
he emerges then reaches into the boat for the two bang guns .
islander flips off the boat backwards into the water , without the bang gun .
islander hits the snake with the bang gun as more of its unfriendly buddies panic and then escape from thick tree stump .
cody hears the bang .
cody drops the bang gun since the shot is too close to damaging his arm .
cody exhales then hears a bang from an underwater pistol .
we ran smack bang into some cheyenne scouts , and only the fact that we had guns and they didnt saved us .
there was a loud bang , shockingly loud , for neither of them had ever before been so close in front of a gun when it was fired .
it also made a very loud bang when it was fired .
a loud bang sounded off , followed by a growled profanity .
he came forward to bang a long black stick on the houses door .
sucking in a breath , she held on , lest it bang into the outside of the home .
and malouda , will pointed out , comes from french guyana , bang next door to suriname .
he moved with an athleticism , which hinted at his sporting past , to shove stones attendant guard from the cell , bang shut the steel door and ram the wrought iron double bunk against it .
just as was about to take off my helmet , i heard a loud bang to the east of our location .
there was a loud bang followed by a quick rattle in the ground .
theyve really been at it lately , he mumbles aloud as he allows the door to his house to swing shut behind him with a bang .
the rhythmic bang of hammers barks through the alleyways of south clock town , only a few of the towns inhabitants still out and about at the late hour .
i held my breath , fully expecting a bang or flash of light that would bring the spirit guide straight into the hut .
paul heard the distant bang of closing car doors on the street , followed by a succession of engines firing up .
an image of julies volvo engine blowing up popped into his mind , the suddenness of the bang and the plume of black smoke streaming from under the bonnet .
he watched elodies lithe figure squat over her drum , her hands starting to bang out a slow and steady rhythm like the pulse of a heartbeat .
when she pushed the front door , it creaked open , then fell off the hinge with a bang .
another bang on the ship and the nose went down hard .
this black fellow is really going out with a bang , isnt he ?
then we go out with a bang .
well , let 's go bang on the cleansing room door an make jackobi , er , jack , hurry up .
chapter xxvi the rescue for some unknown reason completely unrelated to the fact that we wanted this to have a bang up ending , the house started exploding in random locations as jim stalin and jack wack went inside to try to find jims wife and kid .
he gazed at me balefully , then struck my passport with an audible bang and slid it across the polished surface .
billy didnt want to leave his mongol bodyguards alive , and so suggested they go out with a bang .
behind them , the gate drops with a bang .
i take it these kegs might go bang ? ''
one more screwup and , bang , no more jack .
`` well , when joe 's warehouse went bang , we figured this shea guy might not be so careful , seeing as how he pretty much shut the business down around here , ya'know what i mean ?
the slam of the door echoed like the bang of thunder in an empty canyon .
there was a loud bang and the core of the car was launched into the air .
he pulled the gun to her face once again and yelled bang !
and i dont know about you , but for those who threaten my brothersill stick my gun in their face and say bang .
he became completely lazy , staying in bed all day and letting his men do everything , jamie hated work , it dawned on me ; when he did any , there was no smoothness or pleasure in his handling of the materials ; it was all smash and bang .
that is possible but our jobs are to bang out the city and state news and let marty decide in the print copy to put it .
his family seemed shocked that he 'd lost the top spot , but his mind had been somewhere else , and the three-year winning streak ended with a dull thump instead of a big bang .
but before he could take that first step , the front door tore open with a bang .
it was a bang , instant and piercing , like the clang of two giant iron pots .
it was louder than it should 've been , it seemed to paul , the quick bang echoing off the ceiling of the room .
he stood and walked over the porches and dropped the hood with a resounding bang , making rae jump and regret that she had said anything .
we 'll be leaving with a bang , '' luke said .
going out with a bang suddenly did n't seem half bad , and kira let emma lead her forward to party .
before the sheriff could roll up his window to drive off , a big bang and a bright flash of light suddenly came as a blur from his peripheral vision .
i want to bang my head against the wall .
in the blink of another eye , once the bullet had struck the wall with a mighty bang , he moved me back to where i had been !
it was heard even above the uproar of screams , cries , screeching , squealing and clap and bang of spells .
she slammed the book shut with a bang that echoed through the quiet of the library , earning her a glare from the woman at the next table .
as soon as they escaped the quiet twisting reflections a loud screech made them all jump , followed by a bang .
one of the guards pushed her roughly towards a seat , and she fell against it with a bang .
i was watching a big bang theory marathon .
before i could understand what was happening , bang !
i flinched with each loud bang , covering my head as i flattened myself against the floor .
understanding the structure that the big bang set up has been the pursuit of physics for more than a century , and only recently has that pattern been fully defined and modeled in a comprehensive grand unified theory , or gut . ''
did you see me walk bang smack into that tree ?
i understood the bit about the house and my grandmother , but as for the statement about fairweather , it was probably bang on the mark , but it was n't comforting .
then there was a bang .
if wes was skeptical , he did a bang up job of hiding it .
do you promise to bang him like a dunny door in a storm , even when hes got a veranda over the toolshed ?
he closed the door behind him with a gentle click rather than the slamming bang one might have expected from a person with any self respect .
he hauled a tome off his desk to make room and set it on another table with bang .
the bang vibrated at the end of his arm like a miniature thunderstorm .
he pulled the trigger and the bang made all the horses jump .
some grumbling finally started within , followed by a bang and curse .
by the end of the night he wanted to bang his head against the bar in exasperation .
ariel began to bang against the glass .
it exploded into flame with a jolting , ear-bursting bang that drowned out the pained screeching of the other wings engine as it , too , greedily devoured the netting .
she waves her wand and they open swiftly with a loud bang .
this is how the final battle of barrier keep finally startednot with a bang , but with the whisper of an arrow seeking its target .
well , they were both dragging her until one of them got an arrow in his back from piper , who i had told to get on the nearest roof she could and provide cover fire and she seemed to be doing a bang up job of it , too .
whatever way it happened , they were starting their retirement years off with a bang .
hand in the air , ready to bang on the door , i realized id left the book on the passenger seat .
they march round to the back of the van and bang loudly on the doors .
outside , they fling him against the van with a bang that cuts harshly through the laughter from the other houses .
he started to kick the wall and then to bang his head against it , repeating the same words : i cant believe this .
just the thought of being immortal , like a god , and , he snapped his fingers , bang , we got 'em hooked .
then they began to bang against it , probably using their own shoulders as battering rams .
her t-shirt slid up and the cold of the stones shot through her stomach , making her jump and bang her head on the ceiling .
the epiphany struck again and i called a triple on the second last hand , seeing brents eyes nearly glowing with delight , and was bang on .
he quickly pulled out his own sword and gave each one a quick bang on the back of the head .
as they turned back to face where they had left mr. elf , a bright flash and a loud bang went off high in the mist .
i 'm broke chicks do n't even notice me ; i get rich i can bang any chic i want , i mean come on ... what a jerk ... and you say you wan na help the poor , they 're the ass '' ' '' s ... and how is it helping the poor if you do n't give them any money ?
*** trak stood frozen and would have been hacked down had not krage flung something into the air that exploded with a flash and ear-shattering bang , causing the attackers to look up .
the stranger was on his feet trying to calm them down , its okeverythings ok bang !
i sat on the leather couch , watching the colors swirl around the room , wondering how many there were and how long this would take , when suddenly the air wrenched with a bang .
a horrible bang permeated the door to the bathroom , a follow-up chorus of wood splintering .
the first bang was tentative a tap , like he was just getting the hang of it .
when he collected himself after the line passed , aune picked up his hammer and proceeded to bang out another series of peals on the bell even louder than the first .
with so much u-238 , i just had to figure out how to enrich a smidgeon of u-235 , and , basically , bang the rocks together .
a loud bang sounded out of the darkness , and she felt a pang of terror strike her .
there was another tremendous bang , and he heard a man and a horse scream behind him .
it had been weak compared to what he could do know , but the bang had knocked them both down and left a ringing in amiras ears for half a day .
with a bang , the hinges splintered and the door fell inward as jack penrose leapt into the room , sword flashing .
i think were gon na need to start with a bang .
a loud bang on the door caused jesse to jump in his seat .
then in one last attempt , he leaned back and kicked the door hard with all his might causing it to bang against the inside wall as it swung open .
grantt himself had only visited the forts once or twice ; after all , the city was where the action was and that 's where grantt wanted to be - smack bang in the thick of it .
there was a bang , and a shower of sparks as the plug made contact .
we just go to the castle and bang on the doors until they let us in .
he swung the body back toward the door and waved his hands causing the door to swing shut with a loud bang .
i think it will straighten up our understanding of quarks , cosmic strings , black holes , the big bang , dark matter and energy , and lots of other awfully confusing stuff .
renson was about to wrench off barns ' arm when the door of the safe shot open with an explosive bang that knocked all the ra off their feet .
dino argued that , once he had gone , and after the big bang , the whole world , and each particle it contains , will be me .
once the big bang has occurred , dino said that each particle of shattered , careering existence will in fact be my very own fragmentation , and so there will be in each particle a genetic memory of me .
it all went well until the bang .
hes wearing armour , including the helmet my heads continuing to bang against .
the very difficult decision between classic and new whiz bang ?
she remembered him bumping into her , trying a cheesy line and then , bang , here she was , clinging to matthew hawkins while the twilight zone started up production around her .
i could pick it up , bang , right in the brain , dead .
and bang , there i was , lying against her sleeping mind .
i wanted to bang my head into the dashboard .
there was an almighty bang , but the doors still wouldnt budge .
servants would bang into each other just walking across the room !
but there had to be a way , somehow , to make it happen because there certainly must 've been some moment in time , t > 0 ( where t=0 is the big bang ) , in which i was pure energy , unless you prefer to lend credit to the absurdity of this image : there 's me , and there 's nothing else except everythingthe singularity .
the first one billionth of a second after the big bang can be divided into thousands of different epochs , and i was probably formed in one of these .
it is interesting to consider that the universe is , was , and always will be tending with strong bias toward the completely opposite state in comparison to its conditions `` before '' the big bang .
'you shall bang on their helmets with your stick ' the morflon joked .
they were startled by a loud metallic bang coming from up the street .
i thrive on sarcasm and nerdism and am currently addicted to the big bang theory amongst other things .
thetra saw him bang a murderer , killing him because of the metal .
as the sword hit her chest , it made an awkward bang sound .
there is n't much room here , so you might bang into a couple of rails , so be as careful as you can .
i know what i saw , the construction worker waved one of his hands in a straight line , eventually letting it bang onto the end of the bench lightly .
suddenly there was a bang , and another .
the driver looked at me from the rear view mirror and then took a sharp turn onto a dusty dirt road causing me to bang my head against the window .
magic requires concentration and focus , whereas my grenades filled with silver pellets dont they just go bang and kill lycanthropes in all directions .
time seemed to turn to treacle and then a terrific bang rang out across the hillside .
werent you formed by the big bang ?
the door shut with a bang , slinging the dust back towards me .
they continued to shout and bang their sticks .
then it gave out an anguished cry and fell to the floor with a bang and then it started to laugh hysterically .
however , he shouldnt bang his head so much now that his years are advancing .
then , she heard a large bang , like a heavy dungeon door had been ripped open and struck the wall .
a bang knocked the front of the theatre and we both jumped up .
i push against him forcefully , making his back bang at the wall .
i clutch my skull , feeling the sudden need to bang my head against a wall , just so i can concentrate on what the others are saying .
but i take another step , making him bang his back against the wall behind .
but i ignore him and walk towards the door just in time for it bang open .
it hit the bare floor with a bang , startling riley out of her daydream .
the bird shrieked , pandora falling backwards- bang ! !
before dreamer could answer a loud bang sounded behind them with a flash of bright green light , making them both spin round in shock .
grinning , marlon pointed the wand at james- bang ! !
he dashed out of his room and ran across the landing to bang on his sisters door .
before i could really do some deep thinking about how to get rid of my stepfather for good there was a bang on my bedroom door .
i raised the gun as it started to get smaller , only a dot in the distance- bang ! !
we heard the front door bang open , heard loads of people around .
i muttered , but this time ben didnt have a chance to fire : bang ! !
the police was using their giant device to bang open our front door .
the door flew open- bang ! !
88 narrowed his eye , as a loud bang shot threw the wall .
the locker door shut with a bang !
she would point it at dan and shout bang !
she didnt think padded rooms were real , and she wished that she could touch the walls and see how soft they were , maybe even bang her head on them .
let us bang at the gates of the black bastion and wake all and sundry to our battle cry !
were we to run to the walls and bang our fists upon the gates , we would be greeted with arrows , rocks , and boiling oil .
suddenly there came a great bang upon the door , as if a heavy hammer had been launched against it .
there was another monstrous bang , followed by more reaching shadow at the base of the door .
as she said this she heard a loud bang that came from the back of the ship .
the bang didnt stop .
digging through her suitcase and muttering curses at him , she ignored it when he started making things bang around in what would soon be her bedroom .
next thing you know , bang , there he is again .
i dont have my key card , but if i bang hard enough , surely someone will let me in .
i let my eyes follow alices gaze and spot a very neat stack of my possessions smack bang in the middle of the desk i havent yet used .
i followed and balanced my forehead against the wood praying for the control not to bang my frontal lobe repeatedly .
ice winced at a loud bang in his ear and then corey said , `` sure .
suddenly the band burning chalice exploded from the speakers and james and rowan began to head bang .
there was a deafening bang that vibrated the wall .
she made the crutches bang his desk when she sat and he made a distasteful face .
i dont know how anybody can bang your mom , but here you are , living proof .
he thought he remembered her and if he ever had the chance , hed bang her eight ways from sunday , thats all he knew .
scar pointed it at the freaks head and said bang , then pulled the trigger and watched brains go all over the place on the other side .
i shook my head and then i heard a loud bang as the man kicked open the back door .
samuel second-sword had been tasked with investigating one of these decrepit , musty buildings along the river , and he used the pommel of his sword to bang on the door .
men yelled , fought , and thundered about , causing the children below to shudder with each loud bang .
she started to bang on it loudly .
the bang from her kicking in the return box had gotten mals attention .
all of a sudden , i heard the front door bang open and dad and greg charging in the house .
suddenly , the cottage door opened with a bang .
it seemed heavy by the look of it , the way she quickly carried it to the front desk , and set it down with a noisy bang .
but seeing they 've gone to all this effort , 't is only polite we let 'em bang out a last tune or two , unmolested .
he has to rummage about for another , freshly inked , stamp-pad before he can impressively bang the forms plus their two carbon copies .
with the final bang the rubber stamp splinters .
transfer for all of us out there just for a quick bang and she says no ?
to his great and further shock and bombshell , it rose up on its two rear feet , growling at him piercingly while lifting him with its two anterior feet , and then it flung him away to fly off and bang into a farther-sited tree .
there was a loud bang and the ground cracked open some more .
it closed quickly with a resounding bang .
then bang , the doors catapulted inward and a blast of hot air singed her face , making jinji fall backward in surprise .
my move is a little too quick though , and i bang up against the bookcase behind me .
disembodied arms and legs flew high into the sky with each bang .
there was a loud bang and a whooshing roar as the whiskey caught fire , incinerating everything that it touched .
he stomped up the porch stairs , pulled the letter out of his coats right pocket , and reached up with his left hand to bang on the door with a closed fist .
she yelps in pain and the book hits the floor with a loud bang , and the small handful of people in the hallway all turn to look at her .
tam closes her locker door with a metallic bang and flashes her trademark cheesy wink .
he bowed as nathair glided past him opening the great door with a twirl of his finger and closing it behind them with a loud bang .
fruz , who had been chipping in with phrases such as , yes , his bang on , what else could he be , every time nathan made a point , frowns .
the chair rocked forward making a loud bang as the front two legs once again resumed their normal position .
annette followed his gaze and put her coffee cup on the table with a loud bang .
tretchbolt began to bang on thomas ' head like a drum with the flat of the sword .
he dropped the case in the box with a deep , timeshifted bang , then grabbed nameless by the handguard and turned to stumble away from the dying beast .
kuroi fell to the ground with a loud bang ... a kunai jammed through his shirt and keeping him pinned to the ground .
neither chrissy nor si recognised or had ever heard anything like the ear-splitting bang that immediately followed .
we all arose due to the materials and the basic mathematical laws of nature put into place at the big bang . ''
there was a loud bang from upstairs and their mom started screaming .
another loud bang came from outside the car .
then the door closed with a bang .
when the last boy had reached the ground a loud bang rocked the bathroom door .
i focused on their energy and continued , they called themselves bang gories , or something ridiculous like that .
did she have to bang and beat on the door ?
im sure someone might have heard the loud bang dashe had made when he hit the wall .
so how did you and bang ali meet ?
do you know that bang ali is the most eligible bachelor in wirakarta ?
why do keep defending her , bang ?
why is it so soon , and why would bang alis mother want to contribute to the wedding , father ?
rahmat teased , but speaking of bang ali , he wanted me to ask you if he can talk to you , tonight .
she paused for a while , bang , why do you worry if she gets hurt or not ?
hi , its me ... bang ali ?
let me tell you , bang .
what happened to bang ali ?
what are you doing , bang ?
i suspected that i had to marry bang ali , at the time it seemed like the most plausible scenario to me , putting myself in my fathers shoes , of course .
`` bang , the plan was carried out .
he jumped and threw himself against the door , there was a loud bang as his body hit it .
her back arched involuntarily when his fingers roamed her body , she moaned softly , `` bang ali . ''
`` bang , you know i found out some more things last night . ''
`` bang , can i asked you something , but promise me you wo n't get offended . ''
`` bang , i 'm sorry like i said i did n't mean to offend you .
`` so that 's why there was talk about the engagement between my sister kak nurbaiti to bang ali .
that 's right , if i died before bang ali married and bedded me , then you wo n't have your crown prince , would you ? ''
`` bang , i 'm serious , i 'm upset here ! ''
`` bang ... . '' `` mita , what does it matter now ?
`` thank you , bang . ''
`` what is it , bang ? ''
she handed it to him , `` bang , my mother brought a tabloid along with her , you could n't believe what was on the front page . ''
`` bang , i did n't mean to offend you .
paramita felt bad , she realized that all this time she was too preoccupied with her own fears and insecurity to realize what ali was going through inside , `` bang , i ... '' `` hey it 's ready , come on let 's eat . ''
`` bang ... '' paramita blushed .
`` bang , there 's a cctv there . ''
`` mita , it 's not that i want to get in your way or anything , hafiz owns a construction company ... '' `` bang , if he wants to bid and he gives me a fair and competitive proposal , i do n't have any intentions on favoring or discriminating against him . ''
paramita cut him , `` bang .
`` bang ali is the sultan 's successor , the crown prince ? ''
`` when you die , somebody has to be by bang ali 's side to help him get over the grief . ''
`` i 'm talking about bang ali !
there was a loud bang as the table bounce back a few centimeters from them , hit the floor and then shattered to pieces .
`` bang , this is not the right time to nag me .
`` bang ali ... '' dewi shouted in happiness seeing him .
`` bang ali , i 'm happy to see you again . ''
`` bang , you do n't blame me for what i did , right ?
`` bang , the stairway is ten steps in front of us . ''
she grabbed him by his upper arm , `` bang , do you remember my three million reasons ? ''
* * * `` bang , you ca n't go back in there ! ''
her thought was cut off by a loud heavy bang and clatter .
as it passed him , the spell felt wrong sick instead , it crashed into the index , which gave a loud bang .
cassie was by no means psychic , but the dream she had the other night definitely defined the love scene she walked in on , minus the lovers that is , but the rest was bang on .
wayden was examining the room , to see if he 'd missed a spot , when the front door opened with a bang .
she jerked up with a move that saw her bang her side against the wall .
then , with a bang that was disproportional for her size , luminaria jumped on the bed .
there was an almighty bang from behind her .
with a bang , the wizard disappeared .
my possession of this fine feline would have ended with a very audible and very magical bang .
will it bang into us and explode and destroy us ?
she closed the doors behind us with a sharp bang that made me jump .
he grabbed the refrigerator , pulled , got it rocking with a strength that was surprising in his skinny , twisted little body , and pulled the thing over with a satisfying bang on the cracked linoleum .
`` bang , '' gregg said .
there was a bang at the front door at around 2:00 p.m .
`` there is room for- '' there was a bang , muted by the television speakers , and the side of wednesday 's head exploded .
he tried to push away from the car , but it was pulling him with it , and then there was a bang that he could hear with his whole body , not his ears , and his left foot was wrenched at the ankle , the foot twisted and trapped beneath the car as it settled on the lake bottom , and panic took him .
it exploded with a loud bang , showering them with bits of red lacquer and clockwork parts .
at which point , when professor lyal real y felt things could n't possibly get any worse , a bang came on the office door , which then opened without his bidding .
if i need them , bang . ''
based it on the bang sticks those national geographic guys made for diving with sharks . ''
he shut the drawer with a bang .
'and everyone knows mountains get made when lumps of land bang together , right ?
after a few seconds they heard a door bang and footsteps pass in front of the window .
if that did n't work , he 'd bang them together a few times , in as friendly a way as possible .
picture frames started to bang against the walls .
this is the way the world ends not with a bang but a whimper lena reciting t. s. eliot was not a good sign .
the false door behind us closed with a sharp bang , and it was dark .
not with a bang but a whimper what was done was done .
`` there was a loud bang , and you fainted , '' replied alexia .
`` i believe there is considerable range in the bang of most guns , '' she said sagely .
i stepped forward , let the door bang closed , and snarled , `` fuck subtle . ''
throw a destructive spell in the grip of a vast fury , and you 'd get a lot more bang for your effort than if you did it while relaxed on a practice field .
`` i would bang you like a gong , '' i tell him .
i heard that bang from across the way , over the whir of the milkshake machine . ''
the loud bang of the wheels striking the stonework made my stomach clench .
it was time to end this ... and go out with a bang .
before dez could respond , the top of the hydrant blew with a bang .
i hear the covering over the brake lights shatter and then a loud bang as the guard 's body is forcefully pressed against the back window , the sound of glass snapping and cracking as he 's pushed further and further into it and it 's barely withstanding the weight .
her body jerks against the door when a loud bang hits the other side .
i go to turn around , still bracing one hand against the door and just as my fingers pinch the flat cone-shaped lock to twist it locked , one more bang hits the other side and the door swings open , sending me and zia onto the floor .
then the outer door slammed open with a loud bang , and someone screamed , `` where is he ? ''
jay heard the medicine cabinet open with a bang , then the sound of water splashing into a sink .
the double doors to the waiting room opened with a bang .
this gun did n't roar , or bark , or even bang .
i spin around and bang my fist on the windshield .
she turns her back to the window when i walk up and i bang my fist against it .
i bang on the door .
he glances nervously at the door as a loud bang echoes in the hallway then he tucks the book under his arm .
when there 's a loud bang , i cover my head , feeling the fire on my back again ; sweltering heat , melting my skin .
i bang on the door a few times , telling him to explain what he meant , but he never responds .
then it hits the ground and there 's an explosion , louder and more brutal than any movie bang ever prepared me for .
one burst of almighty energy and - bang !
but when it finally hit me , it was with a delicious bang .
a huge bang caused us both to jump and flip around .
i figured i might as well go out with a bang . ''
this was known as the big bang hypothesis .
'woman , shut up and get down to the kitchen and bang some more grains ! '
'i bang up to date .
where the presence of the tortoise was dimly registered as a bang on the ankle , it was disposed of by an automatic prod with the other foot .
grown men , digging in their gardens , flung down their spades and hurried for the safety of their cottages ... clang boinnng goinng ding ... women appeared in doorways and yelled desperately for their children to come in at once ... ... bang buggrit dong boinng ... shutters thundered shut .
'what happened , ' said gaspode , 'was that someone put a dragon in a box right up against the wall inside the courtyard , right , and then they went and hid behind one of the statues and pulled a string and next minute - bang ! '
'the little devils go bang at the drop of a helmet . '
'you point it and it goes bang ? '
but they did n't go bang .
someone else was in there , too must 've shinned down a rope and caught me a right bang on the side of the head . '
'i bang them together . '
'i bang them together again , ' said lias , one of nature 's drummers .
and there was even an ankh-morpork legend , was n't there , about some old drum in the palace or somewhere that was supposed to bang itself if an enemy fleet was seen sailing up the ankh ?
'he 's got us bang to rights , sir , ' satchelmouth bellowed .
it was wrong to call it a big bang .
but on the subject of appearing to own a stolen horse he had rincewind bang to rights and , also , a foot on his neck .
a man might be faster than a horse over a short distance , but over this panorama of flat , open fields a horse had a running man bang to rights .
'it 's where you bang your shield all night before the fight so 's the enemy ca n't get any sleep and you sing , `` we 're gon na cut yer tankers off , '' and stuff like that . '
'do n't we bang our swords on our shields and utter defiance ? '
' the words trickled into rincewind 's ear , slid up into his brain , and started to bang on the walls .
when my back 's turned and - bang ! '
oh yes , said death , with what almost sounded like sarcasm , i 'm sure his parents are just impatient to bang their elbows in twelve feet of narrow unswept chimney , i do n't think .
aha , got you bang to rights , you 'll be coming along with me , my old chummy , i bet you do n't remember the cellar at the back of the shoelace maker 's in old cobblers , eh , all those hogswatch mornings with a little hole in my world , eh ?
only one person could make a door bang on its hinges like that .
if he 'd called them little bastards he 'd have them bang on his side .
it faltered for a moment , was followed by a much louder bang , and then a piece of hot metal whirled past the patrician 's car and buried itself in the wall .
so they go bang .
in the street outside , someone started to bang a drum .
'i mean ... would you go and bang your ear if he was chasing your lady in that ship ? '
'do they go off bang or something ? '
he started to wade out into the water until , armpit deep , he was able to bang on the side of the hull with his staff .
more gongs started to bang , but they were muffled by the greenery .
'just sprinkle the special sand on a simple design anywhere you like , and the first enemy to walk on it- bang , instant karma !
it just turned up , bang , all at once .
'she 's got us bang to rights , boss , ' he said .
'i expect you 'll find out when we hear the bang , sir . '
little figures come out every quarter of an hour and bang the bells ?
'do not bang the tambourine more than twice ! '
your job was to quell the impulse to bang their stupid fat heads together , to ignore the affronted speeches of dodgy self-justification , to get them to stop shouting and to get them off the street .
then something started to bang against the little window in the scullery , softly but insistently .
it hopped into the shadows , and a moment later there was the bang of the latch of the stairway door and the sound of fluttering on the stairs .
the hammer was used to bang in the stakes around the smouldering fire .
right now i reckon you 'd have to change quite a lot of the world , and maybe bang mr raddle 's stupid fat head against the wall a few times , before he 'd believe that you can be sickened by drinking tiny invisible beasts .
some of the feegles started to bang their heads on trees .
since he 'd been eating sweets at the time , wentworth 's only comment afterward had been , `` tiffy hit fish go bang . ''
cutwell picked up the coin as if he expected it to go bang or evaporate , and examined it carefully .
it 'd been bang , needles right under the fingernails from the word go , and no messing .
let initial period ... ptraci bounced up and down on his neck and kicked hard with her heels , an action which would have caused any anthropoid male to howl and bang his head against the wall .
`` bang up job he did . ''
another loud bang shook the walls , and talaith placed her hand on the dragon 's head .
`` i think , unfortunately for poor uncle jokull , uddo was bang on . ''
deciding to try the first floor again , keita returned to the stairs to head back down until she heard a bang followed by a `` gods-dammit ! ''
you can only play so many games of chess or pound so many nails into two by fours until you want to bang your own head with the hammer . ''
with a heavy bang , he teleported away .
the attack started , not with a bang , but a whisper as the human forces approached the lycan camp on silent feet .
duke hunkered into his brown italian wool overcoat , then drawled , `` i hope he does n't feel compelled to ring in the new year with a bang .
rubbing his skull and crouching down so he did n't bang the ceiling again , he shoved the dagger back into his belt and patted his pockets for his flashlight .
in the back of the room , the tengu began to screech and bang against something metallic .
i was interrupted by the door , which blasted open ( by itself again ) and swung back and forth wildly on its hinges , connecting against the wall with a bang .
the gun exploded in my hands , the flare shooting out in a storm of red light , smoke , sparks and the most heart-stopping bang that shook my ear canals loose .
she was lean and long but had more oomph and bang to her form than my skinny-minnie sister .
they pulled up the barstools and we tried to talk about a chick , clarissa , that seb was attempting to bang , but the conversation kept coming back to ghosts .
i screamed , wanting to bang my head against the wheel , knowing it would probably make me lose consciousness .
going out with a bang . ''
i bang my fists on the wall .
i bang on laylen 's door .
i bang my fist on the door .
i bang my head and blink wildly as i slide back to the floor .
my chin and elbows bang against the stone floor and my jaw cracks .
unfortunately , there 's not , so i 'm stuck listening to them bang their heads against the window over and over again .
then i hear a grunt and a loud bang and i quickly pull away , looking over my shoulder .
when the bell rang , it woke me up , and scared the crap out of me , causing me to leap from my seat and bang my knee on the desk .
i could hear dogs howling in the distance , and a loud bang , like a garbage can toppling over , echoed through the air .
a loud bang , followed by a shriek , and then something fell , hitting the floor with a heavy thud .
i heard a loud bang and then ... i was falling .
a soft bang came from behind me , and i spun around , afraid of what i would find , but my racing heart instantly settled when i saw laylen .
i wanted to bang my head against the table .
an earsplitting bang that rocketed through air .
another bang shattered the air and his gaze darted down the hall , where the noise had come from .
`` i think maybe we could- '' a loud bang cut her off .
we both looked at each other and then we were on our feet , moving for the kitchen , where the bang came from .
chapter 38 i woke up to a loud bang that rocked the house .
i think we should a bang on the back door cut me off .
a bang shook the floor and i jumped to my feet , searching for a knife .
he pulled the trigger without thinking , and the blunderbuss went off with a staggering bang .
then the blunderbuss went bang , and the giant turned suddenly and went away , and in their amazement and their joy they clapped and cheered , and garm nearly barked his head off .
his knees hit the ground with a bang and he bent at the waist .
'dang the twigger f r'a bang at the fusel , and shrimp , 'cos the worm 's on the other boot !
al the black , '' she waved at falon 's skinny jeans and black big bang theory t-shirt , `` not fooling anybody , snow white . ''
we hit an updraft with a bang and fishtailed , or tried to ; i sensed the pilots correcting up front , adjusting the engines .
i was about to bang on the little driver 's window that looks into the back of the van and get aunt tabby to stop when i saw the weirdest thing .
the cavalry had arrived with a bang .
as we were walking past uncle drac 's bat turret the little red door suddenly flew open with a bang .
just as we got there the door flew open with a bang and a stream of plates came flying out and hit the wall opposite .
`` well , in that case , you can stay in here , `` i said and i slammed the door with a bang .
there was no need to bang on woolsey 's main door ; it was wide open , with many of the clavigers and household staff assembled on the front stoop , mouths agape .
haymitch and i wince at the bang .
i bang through the door and stumble into the room .
i let cinna 's sketchbook fall at the guard 's feet with a loud bang .
i shifted gears and let the viper scream at full power ; a brick hit the roof with a bang , then another , and then we shot out from under the falling shadow and it collapsed behind us with a dull roar and a cloud of white smoke .
`` also a really big bang , '' she agreed .
there was a bang of metal and the vehicle bounced before speeding forward again .
the quick bang of an explosion - someone had fired a musket .
`` what was that bang ? ''
he opened his mouth to tell her it was smoke , and there was only one thing up there likely to be on fire , but before he could get out a single word , there was a tremendous hot bang from the oldsmobile 's engine compartment .
then , as he dropped back down , he heard the bang , a hollow but emphatic sound which was entirely different from the guns still firing outside .
it was followed by a vast , hollow bang that made ralph think of the time he had lit an m-80 firecracker and tossed it into a steel culvert .
i could feel mom 's half angry , half worried gaze on my back as i slammed out the front door , making sure to bang it as i left .
behind us , the door slammed shut with a bang .
it became a fireside-story for young hobbits ; and eventually mad baggins , who used to vanish with a bang and a flash and reappear with bags of jewels and gold , became a favourite character of legend and lived on long after all the true events were forgotten .
a loud bang snaps us all back to attention .
six aims at his car again and empties the chamber with a loud bang ; the rear driver 's side window explodes into a thousand pieces .
it creates a deafening bang , followed by the crush of grinding metal and breaking glass .
my plan-the best one i 've got-is to bang it against the bars of my cell .
if i 'm going out , i 'm going out with a bang .
marcia walked over to the desk and slammed her book shut with a bang .
she had you bang to rights in a blink !
my word , and we did n't even have to bang the drum .
you could n't bang countries together .
`` make a big bang , '' said tonker .
god , i was so confused i wanted to bang my head off the steering wheel .
i bang on the pad , not knowing the security code .
i had no idea who he was , but as soon as he saw me looking , a big smile spread across his face , and everything fell with a bang .
all lightweight , the small packets provided the best bang for the buck , or in this case , the most nutritional value per packet for their weight .
right at that moment , the driver yelled a warning and they hit the fence with a metallic bang .
charity 's guess about the portcullis had been bang on .
it was n't a bang or a boom .
and then a very final bang .
she dropped it , and either the bang it made when it hit the pew or her own revolted cry woke a flutter of bats in the shadowy area she supposed was the choir loft .
he lost all his wits , and flew bang into a mountain before he could get his steering right ; and it was difficult to say which was most damaged , his nose or the mountain - both were nut of shape .
and he now slid bang into the middle of this one .
there was a loud bang , and lo !
at that moment , there was a loud bang .
i fall in and bang my head on the roof as he slams the door shut .
i fall back and bang my head on the wall .
i want to bang my head against the table .
she was white council material herself , if she could make that much flash and bang while expending that little energy .
it begins to bang back and forth .
each thrust made my headboard bang against the wall , so much so that my neighbors complained .
the gun went off , the bang and ensuing echo deafening as it bounced off the buildings surrounding them .
the inner door , between the scullery and the kitchen , clapped to with a loud bang , isolating the three men from the women .
he showed her how to bang two chunks together until one or both shattered , leaving large , nearly even pieces instead of jagged lumps .
the wind ripped it from his grasp and threw it against the wall with a bang .
bod looked at the face of the fallen body-then he began to bang on the window , frantically , desperately .
i hear a door bang shut to my right and turn to see a man wearing a dressing gown standing outside the room next to james ' .
and it just kind of hits me smack bang in the centre of my chest , straight into my theoretical heart .
it hits the wooden floor with a loud bang , as do i .
i bang my fist frustratedly against my head , my eyes suddenly hot with tears .
i bang my fist on his chest .
`` and i 'm responsible for my own- '' he dropped the cases with a bang that made her jump .
he saw roland draw , heard the dry snap that should have been a bang , saw andolini come up on his knees , heard him say something , and before he really knew what he was doing his hand had found a ragged chunk of rock .
8 the moment the gunslinger heard the dressing room door bang shut behind him , he rammed the wheelchair around in a half turn , looking for the doorway .
when he peeped out in the lightning-flashes , he saw that across the valley the stone-giants were out and were hurling rocks at one another for a. game , and catching them , and tossing them down into the darkness where they smashed among the trees far below , or splintered into little bits with a bang .
one minute i was locking up for the night , next minute - bang !
'looks like quite a bang he had on his head , ' william went on .
there was an earsplitting bang and a long , zigzagging crack shot down the center of the mansion .
the door fell with a gigantic , toneless bang , cutting off all sound from below .
his aim was as true as ever , and it struck the box dead center with a hollow , metallic bang .
`` tell em about the bang , si ! ''
`` a noise like the one si always tells of - `` `` this one did n't make no bang , '' she admitted , `` but i heard that other sound , that humming noise like the one you hear sometimes after lightning has struck somewhere close .
she thrust out her chin and added : `` i did hear the bang once , too .
then came the sounds which roland had hoped not to hear : a fast , sandy rattle of small-arms fire followed by a loud hollow bang - clearly an explosion of some land .
if you shoot me , there 's going to be a wery big bang .
`` well , if you bang an iron tie-rod on a metal grate , you can make it a magnet , '' i said .
that would cause trouble , right enough , but you would be bang in the middle of it .
the door at the far end opened with a bang and detritus ran in , crossbow at the ready .
because the cheeky little sod had got it right slap bang on the money .
'her name is juliet , and she lives bang next door to me so he 'd better not come round , okay ?
'anything going to go off bang ? '
the little bee that buzzed in his brain might bang against the wrong bit and he would carve your face off .
there was a great big bang and all the lights flickered off and on , off and on .
the rain had stopped while we were drag- ging out the sacks , but as we heaved the last one up against the hedge there was a sudden clap of thunder and the front door flew open with a bang .
she slammed the front door with a bang , and i am sure i heard her bolting it and putting the chain on .
and then he would have to heat the blade and bang off the toe about halfway , making a hook that could tug a man off his horse and maybe cut him at the same time .
egwene ate contemplatively , listening to laras and the scullions bang pots at washing up in the other room , surprised at how calm she felt .
honestly , harry , you really ought to bang her and get it over wi - `` i reached under the worktable , drew out a claw hammer , and gave bob a pointed look .
who you bang is your business . ''
it wo n't live more than a few weeks , but it can either go out with a whimper , or with a bang .
feeling the leather bag bang against her hip brought back her father in a way so fresh and clear that grief pricked her again and made her feel like crying .
bert turned , pretended to bang off a covered block of machinery - that was bert , roland thought ; he would joke on the gallows - and then dashed back down the short corridor they 'd used to get here .
9 the two vaqs were rolling smokes when there was a loud bang from upstairs .
the wretched fleshlumpeater woke up with a bang .
he reached their room in record time and after kicking the door shut with a loud and heavy bang , he threw her to the bed .
christian wanted to bang his head against the tiles , on purpose this time .
sasha resisted the urge to bang his head on the counter .
the pot fell into the sink with a loud bang .
he shot to his feet , his desk chair toppling to the floor with a loud bang against the marble , and clawed at the collar of his shirt .
she wanted to bang her head against the counter after she said that .
when i reach the marlowe cabin , i bang on the door .
there was a bang , and little bits of stone and dirt rained down on us .
way to start my morning off with a bang .
`` hey , guys , i hate to bang out on you , but tom and i are going someplace quiet to talk , okay ? ''
sin was forced to bang his head against the floor to keep from coming as she gently sucked and licked .
`` the gun for me , '' majestatis called , as they plummeted , and he managed to bang over the hot cannon as he shot past , his wickedly long claws slashing ruin among the artillery-men .
by evening they successfully launched their first round-shot across the camp with a bang , to the great startlement of all the other dragons , napping full of pork and satisfaction .
`` see what happens when you bang your head getting out of the shower ?
simon demanded , leaning forward so that the front legs of his chair hit the floor with a bang .
she caught up to him on the porch , letting the front door bang shut behind her .
this time it shut behind him with a bang .
she heard the front door bang in the distance .
it shut with a bang , and jace and the girl broke apart .
setting her down , he kicked a door-which had appeared suddenly behind them-shut with a bang , and was about to shuck off his jacket when there was the sound of a stifled chuckle .
the shuffle of feet behind me stalled , the loud bang interfering with my compulsion .
the wall rattled with a loud bang as they attempted to break down the door .
too many landscapes , by far ... even weeding out only the relatively few parallel worlds that contained consciousness-the ones without tended to self-destruct in big rips or cosmological inversions or , worst of all , time loops that consisted of a few seconds to a few millennia after each big bang , only to reset and start all over again .
very modern scientists who are just learned enough to be certain that nothing spiritual exists , that the world is completely material , self-created , or the result of some `` big bang , '' and that ghosts , spells , god , and the devil were useless concepts .
he sighed again and looked around as if he wanted something on which he might bang his fist .
he would retreat and bang his fists against the casks of the cellar . ''
she had perfectly bobbed hair , shiny black with a straight bang , just like louise brooks .
she let the door bang shut behind her .
this house is supposed to link the two worlds , not bang their heads together . ''
if i 'd had any dealings with the loa , i 'd have sacrificed my autographed photo of the cast of the big bang theory to get them to throw more work my way .
every twenty minutes she would bang on the wall between their apartments , screaming about him making noise .
if the phone rang , she 'd bang .
when the microwave beeped , she 'd bang .
i heard the screen door bang , and dermot hurried out to his car .
and then he remembered he was supposed to be watching television , and he made himself concentrate on a rerun of the big bang theory .
there was a loud bang from inside the house , and a window shattered .
outside , a sprig of jasmine , driven by the wind , started to bang insistently on the glass .
`` bang , '' he said , and chuckled , dustily .
it crashed into the videos with a bang .
the metal lattice door closed automatically , with a bang .
a cold wind blew flecks of ice in his face when he stepped outside , and the sticks in the woodpile were frozen together so that he had to bang them with the blunt end of the axe to separate them so that they might be split .
they broke new ground and got paid for it , but most people had no real idea what we meant when we talked about combining `` high '' and `` low '' arts , in spite of the two cultures being as popular a subject in features pages as the big bang and planet-size computers .
nandiuml ; x advised me to 'find and bang my berserker . '
`` let 's see what this baby - `` a loud bang sounded .
`` i believe my advice to you was 'go find and bang your berserker . ' ''
the obvious course of action was to bang on his own front door until spider came down and let him in , then to give spider and rosie a piece of his mind .
there was a bang so loud it hurt her ears , and the door to the cellar crashed open .
it snapped shut with a bang , and i dropped back down on my heels , disgusted .
if you were small enough , i 'd bang knuckles with you .
learning how to thought-touch is done slowly , not bang and you can do it . ''
behind him , the black convertible hit the falling traffic light in a spectacular bang of electricity , plastic , and metal .
trent was silent , plucking the key from ivy and vanishing with a bang behind a red-painted door .
i hit the men 's room door with a bang that reverberated from my arm to my toes .
al shouted again , and i heard a bang and smelled ozone and the acrid scent of burnt books .
and when ku'sox put the imbalances together again , bang !
i propped myself up on an elbow , jaw dropping when the mountain took the hit and collapsed inward , sucking into a loud bang that echoed to the black horizon .
oh god , he 's going to kiss me , i thought , then jumped at the bang at the shoe counter .
`` she was n't going to bang you , she was going to smack you into next week , '' i said , and edden hid a cough behind rubbing his mustache .
from behind the crowd i heard a bang and the van holding nina shook .
the bang of the handgun seemed too small , and i knew before the bullet left the muzzle that it was going to be true .
the bang of the man 's gun echoed , drowning out the puff of my weapon .
he stood in her building 's hallway , fist lifting to once again bang at her door .
`` we 're gon na kick things off with a big bang this go-round . ''
then he practically dragged the guy to the sedan , stuffing him in the backseat with as little finesse as possible , even letting his head bang into the top of the door .
with such a bang , har-har .
he continued to bang at the air .
her nest egg would start off with a bang .
thane was n't a candidate for her bang and bail ... but he was the only male she wanted .
yeah , and you 'd just pulled a bang and bail , rushing to get away from him the moment you got your some-some .
the bed moved with his next thrust ... and his next , until it was hitting the wall with a bang .
on and on they 'd asked-were still asking-until he 'd wanted-still wanted-to bang his head against the wall .
they bang and they claw from the other side , desperate to reach the mortal realm . ''
`` we were walking down the hall and heard a bang . ''
suddenly he wanted to puff out his chest and bang on it like a damned gorilla .
there was a bang at his door , and torin called , `` stop playing around , you two .
when he wanted to bang his chest and whoop with pride ?
he was too weak to smile and bang his chest with the force of his pride .
there was a bang , as if he 'd just thrown his fist into the tile .
he wanted to bang his fists into his chest , proclaiming to every man breathing that she belonged to solo .
there was no loud bang , only a mild pop , the makeshift silencer doing its job .
an armed guard-human-stepped forward to bang on her window .
there was a loud pop , then a bang , something slamming into the back of the car , causing us to jerk forward and back .
talk about kicking things off with a bang .
a gasp left me , and i tried to jump backward only to bang into the table bench .
the door to the house shut , the ensuing bang echoing in my head .
we 're going out with a bang .
his hands reach for the window next , but i bang on the glass until he lets go .
i ask , and then resist the urge to bang on my chest .
she swings her crossed ankles back and forth , not minding when they bang against the lower cabinet .
i had n't even shut my eyes , however , when there was a loud bang , which sounded as though it came from the walls itself .
there was a second bang and i sat bolt upright .
glad of the carpeted floor as it cushioned my steps , i crept forward , until ... bang !
the door slammed behind me with a satisfying bang .
my heart tries to bang its way out of my chest .
if you want to bang both kres and laken '' -i hold out my hands- '' that 's your business , dude . ''
a loud bang emits from the front as edinger slaps a stack of papers over his desk .
a loud bang erupts over by the car , and we sit up with a jolt .
before i can answer , a loud bang ignites on the other side of the window .
the sound of rumbling comes from the closet followed by a bang .
a loud bang goes off deep in the heart of the dilapidated building , and it sounded alarmingly like a gunshot .
every girl would die to be michelle , and every boy would pay cash money to bang her .
a loud bang emits from the front , and i snap my gaze toward him only to find he 's slammed his bloated teacher 's edition onto the floor .
i stride up to the porch and bang on the door before the belly of those foreboding clouds up above have the chance to rip open and vomit out their misery .
a loud bang rattles my door followed by mom poking her head inside .
he lets it float up to the ceiling and it pops with an obnoxious bang .
i ring the doorbell five or six times straight and give a walloping bang on the door while gage voluntarily waits outside in his truck .
*** gage goes home at the crack of dawn , no thanks to my mother , who made it a point to bang on my door and offer to teach me how to look down the business end of a turkey-to which i unremorsefully declined .
next , i turn on the shower and let the water run in the event someone should come bang away , they might hear the water and figure i 'm indisposed .
why not go out with a big bang and upset him over his dead girlfriend , too ?
she was doing a bang up job explaining but i had a feeling so much blood was rushing to apollo 's head , he could n't hear her because his reply was to me .
remarkably , it glanced off a rib but with enough force to knock him off his feet and bang his head .
`` there 's medical assistance coming , you 've had a nasty bang on the head , you need to rest . ''
`` perhaps that bang on your head shook something loose , '' jem suggested unhelpfully .
`` would a reporter bang on the door like that ? ''
`` mom and gram would n't bang like that , '' belle told him as , with regret , he moved away from her warm body and their warm bed .
with a bang , her forehead hit the window .
i wanted to bang my head against the brick arch .
`` he was encouraging his budding sociopath child to bang on the glass , '' noah said , his voice matter-of-fact .
`` sorry i interrupted your attempt at a fang bang , but this is going nowhere .
she paused just a moment , as if about to speak , but noting the unrelenting lines of his countenance , she contented herself to a loud sniff before entering the house and closing the door with a deliberate bang .
she shouted over the head-throbbing bang of the nearby band .
`` life is about power , '' she gritted , using her grip on anna 's face to bang her head into the column .
why actually communicate when it was so much more fun to bang on their chests ?
something that might have been shock widened the china-blue eyes and the pretty young female lifted a hand to bang it against a seemingly impenetrable barrier .
the words had barely left his lips when he was pulling out and thrusting forward with enough force to bang the bed against the wall .
she closed the door of the armoire with a controlled bang , turning to meet his suspicious gaze .
while she dithered , there was another impatient bang on the door , and roke 's voice sliced through the air .
`` sally , we 'll figure this out , '' he assured her , slowing the car to make sure he did n't hit a bump that would bang her head against the window .
chapter 13 : ben bang !
`` just thinking of what he could be doing to her ... '' i heard a loud bang from inside the cell and my heart plummeted , my fists clenching .
we have to at least try something ... '' another bang came from the room and i found myself fighting the urge to just lose it and barge my way into the room to try and kill borys myself .
i heard a door bang open , followed by the sounds of running feet .
but come on , if he was going to go out , it might as well be with a bang ... right ?
the dark-haired one- bang !
unless you expect me to believe a girl who saves it until she 's how old suddenly decides to just bang a guy ?
it was just ... for frick 's sake ... why could n't the `` normal '' she 'd gotten have been more like a good steak dinner , or a night where , instead of worrying about life and death or goddamn portals to purgatory , she watched reruns of the big bang theory and ate oreo ice cream out of the carton ?
`` she 's better than this - `` `` i agree - `` bang !
it was n't like he was going to bang her at the closing .
the female promptly canned the come-on and disappeared into the cottage , shutting the door with a bang .
falling back against it , he wanted to bang his head a number of times , but did not want to alert her to his conflict .
it is merely a reference to help you better understand your purpose , obligations and the rules that come with the great privilege that was bestowed upon you at your birth ... ****** regan taylor slammed the monstrous leather-bound tome closed with a loud bang and a disgusted snort .
i took the dress , but before i could move toward the changing screen , a loud bang echoed from the bedroom , and i dropped the hanger .
if a little pebble of orantium could blow apart a mangler , and a piece the size of a racquetball could demolish a castle gate , how big would the bang be if this plan worked ?
i want to bang my head against the wall in frustration .
chapter fourteen a loud bang at the patrol cabin door jolted me fully alert .
as i got my books , i fought the urge to bang my head against my locker , but somehow i made it through the day without hitting anyone or getting screamed at by my teachers .
`` not with a bang but with a whimper . ''
she still looks lost as she turns and exits the room , letting the door bang shut behind her .
chapter 39 a loud bang rocks the house and wakes me up from a dead sleep .
as another bang echoes through the house , i quickly get out of bed , noting the separate heart beat is still haunting me .
he paused , and i pushed back the urge to bang the receiver into the wall over and over again until there was nothing left of either one of them .
i jumped at the sharp , sudden bang from the kitchen .
i crashed into it with a loud bang , moaned for show , and slumped down to the alley floor .
i did n't think they 'd actually locked us in , since i did n't hear an iron bar or anything else bang down on the outside , but they 'd shut the door until lafleur returned and told them to open it .
`` i always wondered what it 'd be like to bang a haughty bitch like you .
`` if you even think about touching her , i will make it so that you never bang anything again , '' i drawled .
finn nodded and stepped inside , letting the screen door bang shut behind him .
a few seconds later , several soft click-click-clicks sounded , along with the sharp crack of a lever being thrown open and then the loud bang of a door shutting .
but i did n't have anywhere else to go , and i had absolutely nothing to eat , so i followed her inside , into the shadows , letting the door bang shut behind me ...
bria , finn , and i stared at the closed door , the hard bang slowly fading away .
the door barely had a chance to close behind me before it flew open with a bang .
she followed him into the shop and let the door slam shut with a reverberating bang .
i have always kept my distance from the art world but i would like to leave it with a bang .
the sensation of whizzing through space , a free fall , and then the bang as the van plowed into something nose-first .
it claps to with a loud bang .
there is an enormous bang as he slams a fist against the door .
can you hear- a loud , hard bang jolted him back .
a second later , the jar of gas , still zipped in one pocket of eric 's parka , erupted like a flash-bomb : a great , hard , brilliant bang .
if you want the biggest bang for your buck , go after the factory .
`` or did you want to bang right here and get it over with ? ''
in addition to his role as professional pimp , tiny malone also owned a strip club called the fang bang .
the fang bang squatted between a liquor store and a brick tenement that escaped the 1990s alphabet city gentrification .
a loud bang sounded outside the window , and she jerked at the noise .
the crash produced an ear-shattering bang , echoing through the night ten times louder than the boom of thunder on a dark , stormy night .
holy crap a loud bang of thunder shook the house , and she yelped .
a loud bang of thunder shook the airport , and she ripped her eyes from his livid face to gape outside .
the startled receptionist rushed to investigate the bang of the doors , and isaac ran to her computer .
even elijah cringed at the sheer volume of the bang .
the fae did n't enter with a bang ; he was just there , when he had n't been a second before .
he had n't been there a moment ago , and he had n't appeared with a bang or even a faint sparkle .
reid had come in with a bang , grabbed graham , and popped them both out again .
the bang of the door in his wake was loud , and for a moment , no one said anything .
the bang of the gun filled the room and made maria 's ears ring .
it was hell to sit there and wait , but myka knew she 'd be foolish to rush up to the door and bang on it , much as she wanted to .
she got up , robes swirling , and stalked out through the door behind the bench , which closed behind her with a bang .
`` if his snoring gets too loud , bang on the wall .
then air displaced with a little bang , and stuart reid stood in the room .
there was a loud bang .
another loud bang ripped away his daydreams .
any man but walker would have taken her up on the offer and let her bang him right here , surrendering to the beauty of her .
you 'll convince yourself that dying will accomplish nothing and you should at least go out with a bang .
give him a few years , and the next time a lorelei swings into his orbit , he might bang her .
a loud bang resonated through the door .
they went for the most bang for their buck -- the strongest ward with the least effort .
the croaking bang of the door behind him .
i set my coffee cup down with a bang .
tyler glanced around before mumbling some words , then shutting the ouija board with a bang .
he shut the book with a bang , stalking over to me .
my heart continued to bang in my chest .
going to go out with a bang , are you ? ''
simms cemetery is right past that line of trees , and you might have to bang about a bit to get winston 's attention .
he squatted down next to me after he 'd closed the trunk with a bang .
intending to go out with a bang , are you ?
adrian had also given me a rock and a pair of oversize work gloves , so i did n't worry about cutting myself when i hit the glass with a hard bang , glancing at it only after i saw shards hit the floor .
through the constant hiss of the rain , gansey heard a scrape across the floor upstairs , and another bang as something fell over .
`` bang , '' he said softly , withdrawing the fake gun .
for a moment , i was still in the warehouse , still trapped in that soot-coated barrel , still watching the ceiling collapse and starting to bury fletcher and me alive- bang .
then i yanked him forward as hard as i could , making his head bang against the bars just like his nightstick had earlier and adding a third goose egg to the collection on his face .
`` i 'm not letting go , you dickweed , no matter how many times you bang me ... up ... against ...
leave it to hank to start us off with a bang .
sky closed the drawer with a bang and began hanging her jeans in the closet .
she closed the appliance 's door with a bang , then hurried into the front room .
i did n't put any stock in the big bang theory .
i 'd heard it said once that believing in the big bang was akin to believing that you could throw all the parts of a car into the air and it would come down fully assembled .
i jumped as i heard a loud bang .
( i also wanted to beat the shit out of bill , but i might as well go bang my head on the wall for the all the damage it would do him . )
`` they want pow , bang , thump .
he could bang on the wall or go out into the hall and knock on the door , but if he was wrong ...
suddenly someone shoved him aside and was yelling at everyone to get out of the damn way , and ... bang .
they heard a bang and thump from the kitchen , followed by meg yelling at something .
they sprang forward at the same moment daemonar gave the box one last bang on the floor before throwing it and reaching for another .
before he could bang on the door again-or break it down-it opened .
she 'd already gotten an e-mail from mom asking kylie if she minded if creepy guy-the one who wanted to take her mom to england and bang her senseless-came to parent day .
none of this would have happened if he had n't decided to bang his intern .
`` bump uglies , bang each other , burn off some of those flaming hormones they put out when they 're in the same room together . ''
she 'd bet he stopped thinking about her when he got his new bang toy alone that night .
cry and yell and bang my fists against his chest and demand that he exonerate himself , take it back , prove his innocence to me .
we instantaneously hit the ground , just in time to watch the blaze of plasma strike the weathervane on the roof of the house accompanied by the loudest bang i 'd ever heard .
`` wel , you were alive during the big bang , were n't you ? ''
and the cops know he was involved in paulie 's murder , so he'l either have to be in disguise - `` `` or he'l have to come in with a bang and not give them time to wrestle him down , '' jonah said .
although we 'd made a pretty large bang , rescuing darius and lakshmi was n't the first good deed we 'd done as a house , and the gp had ignored the others .
she 's picking the locations - not because they 'll make the biggest bang , but because she 's got personal vendettas . ''
`` bang , '' he mouthed , fangs glinting at the corners of his mouth .
off to my right and down the alleyway there was a loud bang and i thought i saw someone leap out of a dumpster .
the stylist also got creative and added a long , sweeping bang toward the right , leaving the left side of my face exposed ; the side where my hideous , disfiguring scars use to be .
i smiled confidently as he slid his fingers through my locks and tugged at the corner of the side-swept bang .
there was a huge bang and my food and soda went everywhere , ice slid across the floor , leaving a wet trail behind it .
a few moments later , there was a loud clatter and a bang .
a loud bang sent the metal of the dumpster vibrating around me .
i heard the stall door behind me open then bang shut , but i did n't bother to look up .
the sound of a muffled bang caught my attention , and i stiffened , looking around for the source of the noise .
it hit the wall with a bang .
but parisa shook her head , chuckled , then walked toward him in a way that meant if he did n't unfold his stubborn arms she was going to bang her head against them .
what he wanted was someone he could bang on a regular basis without any emotional commitment , date on a casual basis , someone he could get to know but not care too much about .
`` they 're going up without a care in the world to bang each other 's brains out , and here we are .
we need a bomb team to remove these explosives so the whole building does n't go up with a bang .
it was n't quite 9 a.m. yet , and he may have been sleeping , but his thingamabob was ready to start the day with a bang .
it tended to wander away from its intended target and mindlessly bang on unoffending trees - but i digress .
the sounds , coming just as it was starting to get light , made the leaders of the various angarak forces nervous , though , and the malloreans began to bang their swords against their shields and shout war cries .
you and torak will bang your swords off each other for a while , but the event wo n't have anything to do with that . '
'if he 'd only yell at us or bang his fist against the wall or something , ' berit murmured to khalad the next morning when they gathered once again in the blue-draped sitting-room .
then sparhawk and talen slowly pulled the awkward , bulky bundle up to the top of the tower , being careful not to let it bang against the stones of the wall .
'do n't bang your fists on the walls , ' kalten cautioned as sparhawk began to pace up and down , swearing and waving his arms in the air .
the doors leading out into the rest of the palace and to the grounds began to bang open and then slam shut .
he began to bang his head on the floor .
if you bang rocks against the inside of the walls , you wo n't have the strength of the buttresses to contend with .
the insistent , nagging bang of an unlatched shutter swinging freely in the wind several streets over had set some brainless dog to barking , and sparhawk lay , still half-bemused by sleep , patiently waiting for the dog to grow wet enough or weary enough of his entertainment to seek his kennel again .
it makes a loud bang when it hits the bottom , and that tells us that the gate 's closed .
he began to bang his head on the stones , and his twitching fingers clutched at his throat .
he held his breath , his head tilted back as he waited to see if the crashing bang of the house collapsing would accompany the shudder .
another loud bang echoed from the back of the store .
a loud bang rang out , echoing through the air .
he slammed joey against the wall with a loud bang that shook the door in its frame .
jack was distracted by an echoing shout , and a loud bang as another tree rammed into the gates .
without warning she heard a door to the nearby gymnasium bang open .
she tilted her head to the side at the same time the door to the safe room closed with a loud bang and the lock clicked into place .
one of the shutters on the outside of the house ripped free of its lock and swung back , hitting the side of the old house with an angry bang .
it crashed to the sidewalk with a bang .
the door closed behind them with a bang that made her jump .
i came in above his hands and tried to bang them away , but i 'd lost too much strength along with my oxygen .
did n't bang into her coffee table or walk into a couch .
but the reflection is beginning to fade , and i bang my hand on the glass , devastated at the thought of losing him again .
i want to bang on his door , explain everything and make him understand .
`` on a serious note , did you bang your head or something , sweetie ?
abruptly there was a bang in his chest and a strange sensation in his head as though his brain had hiccupped or something .
faster and faster the wind of energy swirled , and then bang .
and then bang ; self-control gone .
i took it that the bang was n't normal .
it felt like forever before all of it , as abruptly as it started , ended with one more bang which made us break apart .
the very second that those lips touched mine there was that familiar bang ; an explosion in my veins and the sensation of a hot raging fire spreading through me , just as i knew there would be .
he gave up then , tossing the key onto the front seat and slamming the driver 's door with his elbow-another satisfying bang .
another bang from inside the van , almost answering his own , followed by a severe creak , and gus rushed back to the plunger .
if he had this one , he had dozens , maybe hundreds , maybe ... who knows how many , circulating inside the other bodies in the- a sharp bang from the cooler shocked him , made him jerk up , jostling the jar from his hand .
he was almost there when he heard , from the hallway bathroom , a terrific bang ! -the sound of bottles falling into the bathtub-and a loud grunt and vasiliy 's voice , grown fierce , spurting russian invective .
wivos all packed up for jorsoy , thoy'vo got nothing to do now but bang somo hoads .
but at loast you 'll have gotton your f**king rocks off , 'causo , if nothing olso , this is about going out with a bang , know what i moani '' croom said , `` fuck , you'ro a little too goed to be truo .
thoy never hoard anything bohind thom -- never hoard the door bang opon -- and still thoy moved as though the vampires were right on thoir hools .
tho first bang against the door shook the guard , making him jump back .
its two baro foot landed in the aluminum boat with a bang .
the door ceased its forward motion and abruptly reversed direction , slamming shut with a loud bang .
my bedroom door opened with a bang and then i could hear valentine behind me .
she shuffled over to her table , reaching below it to grab a black pot , which she heaved up and dropped onto the table with a bang .
suddenly there was a bang on the door and we jumped apart , my face instantly going red as i realized what we had been doing ... or were about to do .
i wanted to bang my forehead against the table and wondered if winkler would ever consider trying for a steady girlfriend before deciding it was n't any of my business .
jax , uhhhhh , you slip in the shower and bang your head ?
the table suddenly bounced , jumping two feet in the air and slamming back down with a loud bang .
since the big bang .
if you were sons of mine , i would bang your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers . ''
he turned away from her , picked up his hammer once more , and began to bang .
others began to bang their spears on leathern shields to keep rough time , until the whole war band was singing as they rode .
the heavy iron grate gave bran another bang in the head , and crashed down near jojen 's feet when he shoved it off of him .
she had barely touched the latch when the heavy wooden door flew inward and slammed back against the wall with a bang .
the captains began to bang their cups and stamp their feet upon the floor .
there was a lantern hanging just inside the cabin , and he managed to bang his head on it going in .
smack bang into a broad chest .
`` actually , i think what we got going on is pretty serious , '' ren chimed in , and i wanted to bang my head on the wall .
a loud bang against the hallway door caused me to jump despite all my training .
just then a tremendous bang went off in the middle of the camp .
it arced above their heads and landed in a nearby clearing with a huge bang , scattering dirt as high as the treetops .
the snake girl insisted , and her python uncoiled from her neck and shot across the table to bang its nose against the map , indicating a teardrop-shaped island off india 's coast .
we assumed they 'd all been killed , that obscene world-cracking bang their last collective utterance . ''
`` and the big bang was just an explosion . ''
i might be able to get to it before he could stop me , bang on it , howl my lungs out , and hope the big orderly bulldog man opened it-but this nueve got past him somehow , so there were no guarantees he would rush in to save me .
her gone , and me wanting to bang my head into the wall to relieve the ache of pent-up want .
did you hear the bang ?
what do ye- '' he was interrupted by a sudden bang as the door flew open and rebounded from the wall .
his disguise , excellent as it was , would in no way conceal his essential hulkingness , and if the man were to recognize him as a british soldier , bang went the whole enterprise .
the hatchway had been closed overhead but not battened down , and i knocked it loose with a desperate bang of both hands , nearly losing my balance and plunging into darkness but luckily sustained by abram zenn , who planted a small but solid shoulder under my bu**ocks by way of support .
at some point , i began to distinguish the murmur of men 's voices from the shush and bang of seagoing noises .
before i could even think about being scared , there was a sharp bang and the scent of powder smoke .
his knuckles had gone white again , and he gave me a look through narrowed eyes that i recognized all too well : a fraser about to go off with a bang .
mrs. hardman rose and pushed it to with a small bang , then leaned against it , her eyes closed , the child clasped against her bosom .
the light was coming from those long tube lights in the ceiling da said were fluorescent ; they buzzed and reminded him of the thing in the tunnel , and he turned round fast and shoved the door shut with a bang .
she crashed her fist on top of the dresser , raised her foot , and smashed the sole of her sneaker into the thing so hard that it rocked back and thumped into the wall with a bang .
he glared back , red-eyed and clench-fisted , and with a jolt of alarm she recognized the fraser temper , about to go off with a bang .
normally liza had to double forward and squeeze herself into the crawl space when she wanted to hide , and even then she had to be careful not to move around too much or she would bang her elbows on the walls or her head on the ceiling .
they were lurking and leering , and peering and prodding- '' `` you 've made your point quite clear , '' the judge snapped , with another thunderous bang of his gavel .
`` no , i did n't ... `` she breaks off , setting down a coaster with a bang .
upstairs , the front door opened and closed with a loud bang .
there was a loud bang , then a grating noise outside trenton 's window .
`` apparently they ca n't be in the same room with each other and not bang .
`` one wrong move and bang !
the horse , also shocked with the noise of the bang , was more determined to make good her flight .
51 the bang is much bigger than seth expects and indeed , there are two flashes , one from the end of the gun fired into the chest of the driver - and another as the gun explodes in tomasz 's hands .
and there is the driver , standing in the middle of the path , and i take the steering so the van can not steer away and i have to lean down to press my foot on the drive faster pedal and then bang , it is hit . ''
he claps his hands to make the bang .
'i 'm going down to find dad , ' i say , unbuckling from my chair and standing- but there 's another bang and the ship lists badly to one side .
there 's another bang from the farm .
there 's a bang outside somewhere , off in the distance .
and i 'm dead- i 'm dead- i'm- bang !
[ todd ] i fire the gun before i can even think if i want to- bang !
the mayor says , shoving another gun in my hand- and we 're at the front of a small rush of men- racing towards a bigger rush of spackle- and i 'm pointing the gun- and i 'm pulling the trigger- bang !
on the side of an antique mall , which i suppose was either a mall that sold antiques or else a really old mall , was a quote spray-painted in slashing letters : this is the way the world ends this is the way the world ends this is the way the world ends not with a bang but a whimper .
by eight-thirty , the place was packed with hedonists determined to send out the twenties with a bang .
every time someone comes in , you bang it as loud as you can .
no one answered , but a loud bang of metal on wood sounded from inside .
so , at the very start of the universe , with all energy squeezed together ; you have the unimaginable explosion of the big bang when everything flew apart .
he drained his glass and tabled it with a bang .
`` thirty-five seconds into the third round and bang , that was it for ol ' bull ! ''
then the pounding downstairs started , and he flung a hand across his brow , wincing with each loud bang .
went campbell 's fist glad juliet 's not here to see this bang !
`` come on , hit me , you yellow-livered `` bang !
james yelled , rising from his chair so violently that it fell backwards with a bang .
ridges closed the carriage door with a bang and they were off , bowling along at a respectable pace , with smithers prattling on about court gossip of philips father , the disreputable earl of sharnborough .
now just you two stop this here bickering , or ill bend this here skillet over your heads , then bang them both together .
she closed the door behind her with a loud bang and thrust the deadbolt into place with undue force .
sino pa bang magtutulungan kundi tayong mga filipino na rin .
pwede bang mag-interview ka ng isang member ng rescue team dyan ?
daniel nanlalamig ako palagay ko , malapit na ( daniel i feel cold i think my time is near ) takot ka pa bang mamatay ?
`` did you bang your cheek on something ? ''
her mind wandered during caroline 's lesson , and it was only with half an ear that she listened to the little girl bang out her scales .
she likes jane austen , british tv , castle , firefly , the big bang theory , sewing toys for her children , and rainbows and unicorns , especially those drawn by her daughters .
they dismounted and their sergeant indicated to one of them to bang on the door .
some time later , she said , the big bang theory ?
well , i was going to work on the unified field theory , but the big bang theory .
does he really expect me to bang him ?
he slaps his left knee , the instrument of deliverance , and all around him slap at their chairs and bang their cups in kudos .
lift it up and let it drop , bang and clang on the floor .
guys jump up , bang and push their beds , throw pillows and mattresses .
the stranger began to bang on the table to make his point , so it must have been anger , but even then they spoke in low voices .
it makes a loud bang .
you think the years are not really showing and then one morning you look in the mirror , bang theres another decade gone .
then she was off to bang on another door .
however , julia would describe her pain as regular , not pulsating , rather the standard type like nearly all headaches known to humanity since the human race occurred after the big bang .
when i finally did wake up it was from a loud bang .
the loud bang had come when a log thumbs was burning in the fire split into two , in a cozy armchair next to his son sat george villiers , reading a book .
with a bang , a pistol rang out the start of the race , and lady godolphin scolded herself for not paying attention .
this time , there was a deafening bang and a cloud of smoke .
a bang turned me back to the show , ragging on my trench nerves .
they shout at the spectators and bang on the doors .
oh dear , thats quite a bang , she says to adelaide .
that way , we can start the day with a bang !
with a final bang the condemnation of his mother had been completed .
she pulled her runners on silently and then carefully closed the wooden screen door so that it would n't make its typical bang .
tim put the yellow noose around tatum 's neck so that the chair pushed backward with a loud bang .
nineteen the week did n't exactly start with a bang , but right after lunch on tuesday things started to change .
`` quite a bang , '' i comment .
the door continued to bang .
the bullet left the chamber of my colt with a sizzle and a loud metallic bang that never failed to amaze me at its intensity and loudness .
just a little while longer chapter 29 all of a sudden , a thunderous bang shattered the tranquil night .
a corresponding flash lighted up a window in the house at every bang , and the thud of pounding footsteps scurried through the house .
josh adds his weight to mine and we pull it shut with a bang .
i throw off my blankets and head outside , letting the front door bang loudly shut behind me .
with a great bang they exploded , throwing the entire line forward .
cant you at least bang a broom handle on the ceiling ?
so if the squeaky pulley from upstairs bothers ye that much , jist ye bang awa at the ceilin tae ye herts content .
the first to erchies midriff made him gasp and bend forward , the second on the point of erchies chin rocked him back staggering to bang his head on the wall .
i rolled over , pretty confused about who and what and where , but then the next bang hit the side door and i was awake enough to know someone was bashing in the door .
the next bang threw the door open .
i sprang back into the corridor with carnac just behind me and heard the bang as he slammed the door .
suddenly , there was a mighty bang .
without warning , a sharp bang is heard high above .
if a large piece of cargo breaks loose , it will bang into this inner wall .
the spatter and bang of dirt and stones on the wood , a sounding board , a hollow sound .
halfdan raised his sword-handle again and was about to bang on the door again when he heard a sound of a bow-string behind him .
it bounced up to hit a skull-sized rock with a loud , sharp bang !
it missed , flying over all of their helmets and bouncing with a loud bang !
while from up above , the squeal of wood sliding against wood , followed by a sharp bang , heralded an outraged shout of , `` who 's there ?
she turned and stalked out of the store , pulling the front door closed with a bang .
gwalaes continued to bang on the door , shouting out eleanors name over and over .
olwen burst into the room and shut the door with an unintentional bang .
for example : the parallel universes must have all come into being simultaneously at the beginning in order for quantum uncertainty to exist , because there was no observer present at the big bang , thus no way for the wave function to collapse and produce one universe out of all the bubbles of possibility ( p. 174 ) .
suddenly , there was a bang at the door .
there was another loud bang , this time at the wall next to the door , which suddenly splintered , long cracks running from the corner of the room to the edge of the doorframe .
there was another louder bang on the door as several bodies hit it at once .
indigo scrambled out after her and pulled down the window with bang .
heard something bang and could see a young boy pressing his face into the glass of the school door , he was dead .
i checked my body for one of the guns , bang .
shots cried out with a bang .
`` special rats that bang on walls ? ''
it fell from the doorframe and crashed flat to the floor with a bang .
she did n't put a lot of force into closing it , but it still created a thunderous bang that echoed in the chamber when it shut .
luke threw the burning cushion at her and seized the edge of the door , swinging it closed with a bang .
in books and movies you get bit and bang !
as soon as the thermite burns through , trigger the tannerite devices on the roof , which will create a large bang and cause some fire damage and a lot of smoke and will set off the emergency system , causing a general evacuation and lockdown .
a loud bang rattled the dishes in the cupboards , a piece of drywall landing in the sink with a violent splash .
least im going onward with a bang .
there was a harsh bang as michael slammed his hand on a table in frustration .
then a bang and a yell , block screaming at something .
click and bang like a gun only this time it fires and maybe if you were there too you 'd have heard it .
as soon as james spoke , there was an enormous bang and one of the fixed shelves went sailing overhead .
that meant climbing across the gear id tossed in earlier , hunched over and trying not to bang my head on the ceiling .
a deafening bang came next and the observation window exploded .
once i get everything straight with my family we 'll -- `` the other van crashes into us with a bang that sounds like a cannon firing .
he heard the heavy door he had come through open with a bang behind him .
after about six flights , tom heard something which nearly made him fall backwards down the stairs : the door to the northbound bridge passageway door had just opened with a bang .
he then realised his wife must have thought that his bang on the head had affected his sanity .
a muffled bang and someone curses and suddenly my mind snaps back into focus .
the world was running down , the energy we 'd siphoned off the big bang was coming inexorably to a halt , and the earth was collapsing even faster .
he raised his head instinctively as a large bang echoing through the woods .
on the second bang the hose thrashed under her hand .
when enlightenment comes , it hits with a bang .
when revelation comes , it hits with a bang .
suddenly , tracy heard a loud bang from down at the other end of the hallway .
although he seemed to be doing a bang up job at acting as though this was a typical situationto keep his nerves in check and take the right precautionshe had absolutely no idea what was happening .
june 16 23:50 the subway doors shut with a bang and the train started .
a close 2nd would be the only current comedy ( as of january 2013 ) that i regularly watch on tv ; the big bang theory .
next , elias proceeded to bang impatiently on every other crewmembers door to rouse them from their slumber , and twenty minutes later , with only kimberly requiring some extra help in refastening her liquid cooling and ventilation garment , all crew were fully assembled out in the white walled corridor .
stating that , if the crewless orbiter was to continue at its current speed and on the same trajectory , it would crash slap bang in the middle of orlando killing hundreds of thousands of people .
the punk wanted sautin to bang the guy around , bust up his place , and grab the drugs that were ( supposedly ) inside .
and then : bang , she was pregnant at forty-four .
you have any problems with him , you can bang on the door .
as we sat around the table discussing what to do next , we heard a bang over our heads .
the shot tore into the lock and sent sparks ricocheting off the garage door , the bang of the shot echoed through the room .
a twang , a thud , a beep , and a slam materialised in quick succession , followed by extra thuds and one undeniable bang .
i felt dazed and disorientated from the bang .
they bang like rabbits .
then there was another bang , and another , and eventually a tortured scraping followed by a heavy grunt .
above the tinny whistle i heard a faraway explosion , a big bang in the sky that turned everything a shade of burnt orange .
a loud bang was heard from above , scaring them , and they quickly shined their lights up the stairwell .
the sound of it was actually very light and soft- just gas escaping at a high velocity , which was nothing to the concussive bang of powder .
it clanged shut with its typical loud bang .
itll be loud as hell if they bang on the sides .
were just gon na let those things slither up the stairs after us while we pick a random room , lock ourselves in , hear them bang on the door , and then jump out the window to the million zombies waiting for us below ?
and thenbing , bang , boom ! were both thrown into zombie land at the exact same time .
im not going to wait for them to break the - her voice was twisted into a cry as the door swung open with a bang , slamming against the wall .
why would they bang on the door if it was already open ?
mums tried to keep her limbs rigid as best she could , felt her wrists and ankles bang off the door frame once again , and this time she was aware of her midsection sinking a little further into the night .
with each bang of the hammer , the swarm of dead slammed against the windows with a ferocity i aint never seen in the livin .
your owners gave us the best bang for our buck .
rachel squeezed her eyes shut , afraid to look , and heard one final , enormous bang , and then silence .
every bang that shook the dark woods brought more of them toward it , milling around , confused , until another device was triggered .
a loud bang sounded as the door dented from the force of the blow .
colin growled at them as robert shut the door with a bang .
thorne vanished , the air in the room settled , the furniture reassembled , hitting the floor with a loud bang .
it was like a silent bang in the night .
i put my glass down with a wet bang and stole a glance at patrick .
that , and he liked to bang his weekend secretarythe one his wife had never seenafter putting in his billable hours , and before trekking out to the golf course for a quick nine holes .
macleods usual bang hole , lacey rodriguez .
the loud bang and immediate whooshing explosion ruined sweetlings pleasure , and set his young mother screaming again .
i held back the urge to bang my head against something hard .
if i could move , id bang my head into the wall behind me .
cursing , i bang my head against the wall , and yep , i was still laughing .
valirio , i sang , and bang my head harder .
he moved to swing again when he heard a loud bang and felt blood begin trickling down his side .
she needed to let her eyes adjust again but she did n't want to wait , so she kept creeping forward , hoping she would n't bang into on of the massive wooden chairs .
nella felt a soft bang as something smacked into her shin .
the screen opened with a screech and the wooden door with a bang .
of course there were no guarantees in the game , just gut feelings that were either bang on or off by a country mile .
guns did not speak nor sing , the only noise they ever made was bang .
hadge painfully tried to sit upright , as he barely uttered , yea bang !
-- bullz-eye.com `` the story combines vicious villainy with threadbare morality to produce a bang that movie producers and script-writers would be sorry to miss .
she wanted to bang her head against the wall in frustration .
a loud bang echoed through the night and the infected man collapsed .
they could do whatever they pleased , be it work on a car , drink some beers or in heathers case watch her best friend bang herself right in front of her .
she was completely unaware that her hand slipped and her fingernail sliced through her leg from the startling bang on the roof .
this time the bang was followed by a long screeching sound like something metallic was being drug across the roof .
hes just pissed that i whooped him on devils blu ... bang !
both heather and angel screamed in unison at the loudest bang yet .
the pickup flips over , crashing with a nerve-splitting bang !
'mirrors ' shouted molly nightingale reinforced the mirrors , there was a loud bang like thunder , the room filled with smoke and sparks as nightingale saw his father disintegrate into a pile of dust on the floor .
the time is spent tweaking the story so the characters appear real , the plot is solid and the tension mounts until the story winds up with a bang .
just bang on the door and ill give you a ride home .
he wanted it short and sweet - like sex ; in and out , the big bang .
maybe the big bang , the beginning and the end of the universe rolled into one .
there was a bang from out in the hallway that sounded like the front door and a shout , police !
kevin and lj went to the cooler for a beer , while paul used the steel club to bang one of the sharks teeth out as a souvenir .
in just a few minutes , there will be a subdued bang coming from the kitchen .
there was indeed a small bang and several guests at the diner stopped eating and turned in the direction of the sound .
i figure , as long as he doesnt bang some dudes wife , whatever keeps him out of trouble is good by me .
we stopped d-prime and bailed out , giving the trailer a good bang on the side to let the others know they needed to get out .
im not a big fan of starting books off with a bang .
hed bang off the side wall , bounce against the train , get spun around and around until he either fell to the tracks where hed end up ground meat , or get caught on the outside and be dragged into west 4th .
this is the way the world ends , not with a bang but a scream in the dark check out the first many holes in the earth : nightworld ( sample ) manhattan the city was getting nuttier by the minute .
there was a loud bang on the door .
you really want to bang mrs. hecksford dont you ?
a loud metal clang made her jump and she started to bang on the wooden door , shouting for help .
the maelstrom of energy magnified to the point of expansionit was moments from becoming a second big bang .
no , no , no , no , no bang !
with all the fury and passion inside of me i bang harder and harder upon the cold metal grate until it became dislodged and sunk to the bottom of the abandoned hall .
we moved towards that room , sir slowly opened the gate and a big cluster of dust spread all around the room , at that time only the bulb which was giving light to us till now get bursted with a bang sound .
much more of this stuff and id bang halitosis seymour , if he wasnt dead .
i am dumped to the floor with a bang , a few more tiny bruises to add to my collection .
suddenly tabitha screamed and stumbled backward , her head hitting the floor with a bang , like someone has pulled her leg .
yet , before he could pull the trigger , a loud bang rang in his old ears tearing the color from his world .
his first instinct was to run up to it and bang on the front door , half way up the drive paused and took stock of his situation .
there was a loud bang , and the back half of its head exploded into gory confetti .
there was a bang as emily pressed herself up against the window , smearing the blood from the gash on her cheek against the glass .
do you mind , bang !
on the leather seats , bang !
there was a loud bang like someone had struck a balloon with a needle .
as soon as the truck fully cleared the gateway , the heavy door fell back into place with an audible bang of spring-loaded locks .
only after they finished that cursory decontamination did they bang on the rear door to alert the occupants that they could come out .
the drivers bang up the vehicles and get those edges sharp as knives , just one scratch and youre a freak .
so they 're arguing and she 's telling him how she does n't feel as she knows him anymore , and bang the first quake hits ... she says there were three , at least three , bob said and paused .
if they were looking for a team to run constantly and bang the load out in just a few days , i could pop a couple of no-doze and pull it off by myself .
he slammed into the door with his shoulder , and it exploded inward with a bang .
a sledgehammer after all made a very satisfying bang when it struck .
letting the bang from the screen door as she ran out of the house punctuate the statement .
she took another big gulp , and just as she was in mid-swallow , there was a loud bang on the kitchen door , and then another , along with a tearing , splintering sound .
then there was a loud bang , and the zombie arm turned into a wet mash of pallid skin , rotten sinew , and bone fragments .
thou dost not dare a loud bang tore through the air , and the romaine and collards to milts left were suddenly transformed into a cloud of green mist .
i began to bang against it with my fists in attempt to break it .
i started to bang on the barrier harder , you bitch !
there was a loud bang and then another .
he sipped on his bottle , watching her hands bang and scratch at the doors .
something slammed shut with a loud bang .
the ball of paper landed with a bang inside a metal trash bin in the corner .
`` bang that chick for me .
what none of us knew was if she would be prepared for the kick and the bang of a live round .
he opened the wooden screen door and let it slam behind him with a bang .
before i could defend myself , she drew back her fist and bang !
he wondered if this judge would bang a gavel after each case , it was n't likely though .
he set his glass down with a bang , slopping bourbon onto his hands and the table .
`` i know it 's hard on you but- '' `` but you 're getting a bang out of it , so that 's that . ''
`` with a bang , '' she said .
if its over , can we go out with a bang instead of a whimper ?
there was a huge , whooshing roar followed by a guttering bang that clay felt in every bone of his body .
from behind them came a second tremendous bang - or maybe it was a third - and this time he was the one who screamed .
there was one final echoing bang - it rolled down the street like the explosion of a mortar shell - and then the plymouth turned left on martin street , which brought you to walnut about a mile up .
then he met some slut from penn hills - and i mean a real slut , one more than happy to stoop for the troops , bang for the gang , pick your pejorative .
inside , the world was full of the echoey , evocative bang of tools and the sound of men working on cars and hollering profanity at the rolling iron they were working on .
buddy , whose usual demeanour during these late-night bull-sessions was one of sullen withdrawal , tipped his cheap contour-plastic chair abruptly back down on all four legs and put his bottle of driver down on the windscreen-wiper cabinet with a bang .
instead of a lot of wreckage ( and atom ambulances to take away the dead and wounded neutrons ) , critical mass , chain reaction , and one hell of a big bang .
arnie produced a couple of noisemakers and party favours - the kind that go bang and then release a cloud of tiny crepe streamers .
it hits the floor with a bang and sprays hot coffee everywhere , burning his ankles .
do n't touch it , the white-haired man had said when the woman threw the shotgun down and it came clattering across the hardwood floor to bang off the bars of david s cell .
he could hear a harsh , monotonous squeaking sound - reek-reek-reek - as something turned in the wind , and he jumped when some thing else out there in the growing darkness fell over with a bang .
`` and then bang , we 're gone . ''
the others would be weakened by their doubts , the boy would be weakened by his human concerns - especially his concern for his mother - and if the boy died , it could close the door to the outside again , close it with a bang , and then take the others .
a hell of a bang was coming .
and all i 'd ever done was bang off the corner of the marshalls ' mantelpiece runnin to see who was at the door !
just bang a left outside the bedroom door , but remember it 's the second door as you go along the wall , okay ?
all four wheels spun , and the truck skidded into the guardrails with a jarring bang .
the other one - there was a crunching bang .
`` when it 's good and the person who 's looking opens up to it , there 's an emotional bang .
i felt the bang , edgar . ''
i do n't remember any bang .
the weedy redhead , homer oosler by name , wanted to do a feature story on all of this and go back to college with a bang .
the red stick clunked against one of the shed 's overhead beams , came down on the buick 's roof with a bang , then rolled off and landed on the floor .
george stankowski had been close enough to hear the bang of the collision , so who says there 's never a cop around when you need one ?
the damned door had n't finished its usual double bang , that was what about it .
of course it might also go sliding gaily right past her to shatter on the floor , and it might bang into some unseen obstacle up there and overturn before it ever got to her , but it was worth trying , was n't it ?
the back door began to bang restlessly against the jamb again .
the piano player closed the lid of his instrument with a bang and exited after the others in long , comic-opera strides .
`` let's- '' richie began , and then the door at the head of the cellar stairs crashed open against the wall with a violent bang , spilling thin white daylight down the stairs .
the gun went off again with a second deafening bang .
there was another deafening bang .
because even light has weight , and when the note of a trainwhistle suddenly drops it 's the doppler effect and when an airplane breaks the sound barrier that bang is n't the applause of the angels or the flatulence of demons but only air collapsing back into place .
atlanta , new york , chicago , detroit ... those are big media towns , and in big media towns when something happens it makes a bang .
the bang silenced them all for a moment-mike stared unbelievingly at them through the fence , and they stared back .
it was no big deal ; it did n't go all at once , with a bang .
he slammed the cupboard shut with a bang that produced a dead echo in the empty house .
the door behind him swept shut with a muffled bang .
there were scraps of candy-wrapper , the curled tail of a shot-off roll of bang caps , red and black .
she continued to bang her head on the pipe .
there was a bang and he thought , yes , good , all right !
`` please , god , please , '' he moaned as the cherokee started outside with a bang and a roar .
he got the stopwatch and went on with the story , ending his segment with careless up to his hips in a pool of quicksand or something , and then he would ask someone else if he or she could , and bang down the button on the stopwatch .
paul heard a door open somewhere off the parlor and then bang shut .
the hole in the paper had closed with an adamant bang .
he heard the kitchen screen door bang shut and eased the wheelchair close enough to the window so he could remain in an angle of shadow and still peek out .
i bang upon the door .
`` what set off the big bang ? ''
all he managed to do was bang his hurt fingers against the desk 's metal corner and send a fresh snarl of pain up his arm .
as the driver gunned his engine briefly , causing exhaust to crackle and bang through the pipes , both looked up .
that 's a lot of bang .
crash , boom , bang . ''
`` that 's a lot of bang you got there , '' alan said .
they all tell you this new bang do n't do it , but i believe in better safe than sorry . ''
the yell was followed by a sudden loud bang .
so i swore on my own name like he wanted , but brian made the gun go bang anyway . ''
one of the pews was overturned and hit the floor with a loud bang .
there was a flash of light , a hollow bang , and then nothing but the hum of the vcr with the tape still running inside .
i brought the pistol up suddenly , pointed it at his head , and screamed `` bang ! ''
in the next moment there was a loud bang like someone had fallen .
it 's not unusual to hear some new member of our happy little family bang on the bars of his cell and screaming to be let out ... before the cries have gone on for long , the chant starts up along the cellblock : 'fresh fish , hey little fishie , fresh fish , fresh fish , got fresh fish today ! '
he thought , if our icbm 's are as good as our color tv , there 's going to be a hell of a big bang someday .
he looked like somebody who had just had his legs cut off and was trying to fool everybody that he was looking forward to the new plastic ones because they would n't get scabs if he happened to bang them against a door .
the cruiser 's front tire did not flatten ; it exploded with a loud bang , and the whole car shuddered on its springs like a dog that had been kicked while asleep .
pain leaped up the sides of his head in polished steel darts , meeting with a bang at the crown .
they spared a last look for the crated sideboard leaning against the side of the u-haul and then hank pulled the back door down with a bang .
indeed , he felt a lunatic urge to rush forward , bang through the door , and take the battle to the low men and women in the restaurant dining room on the other side .
either way it 's bang ! . , .
a pine-knot exploded with a bang and sparks rushed up the flue .
he crossed to the colorado lounge and shoved through the batwing doors , making them fly back and bang into the walls .
there was an echoing bang and suddenly crepe streamers were drifting all around her .
it had exploded with a loud bang , and an angry , rising hum-almost a low shriek-had risen from the blasted nest .
the front end smashed into the low-lead pump , knocking it off with a hollow bang .
she fell on her knees and the door swung all the way open to bang softly against a high-backed victorian chair with a hand-embroidered slipcover .
then , around twenty-hundred hours , the fever came back with a bang .
he shut the window with a bang and then went back to the phone .
rudy had slammed the outer door open with a bang and had gone out into the night , toward whatever tin destiny the rudys of this world can expect .
from far overhead there came a sudden bang , like a five-inch fourth of july firecracker .
it crashed onto a car below with a loud , echoing bang that made them both jump and clutch each other .
just bang and off he went , outta the blue and into the black .
on your own , with nobody hassling you ( except for rita , and he guessed he could put up with her hassle ) , breathing good air and sleeping at night with no tossing and turning , just bang , fast asleep , like somebody had hit you on the head with a hammer .
the picture tube imploded with a great hollow bang .
there had been a big bang and everything had gone everywhere .
a faint , flat bang , like a cherrybomb stuffed into a tin can , reached their ears at i do this , and by the time he had spoken the words of my own free will and tossed the walkie-talkie away , its purpose served , a fire-rose had bloomed at the base of flagstaff mountain .
only instead of going ding this time , trash had thought , they are going to go bang .
the muscles in his legs began to flutter unpleasantly , and all at once he sat down on the curb at the base of the sign with a bang that travelled up his spine and made his teeth click together .
she hung up with a bang .
smokey hung up with a bang , and jack heard him recross the floor and then start up the stairs to the small overhead apartment he and lori shared .
'you bet , right here and now , so let go of me , you 're breaking my ribs , and besides , my foot 's stuck in the damn - ' the door between the bathroom and the hall burst open with a bang .
at the same instant the grill suddenly exploded into the air with a loud bang .
creation 's big bang ?
thad heard a faint bang and could imagine ridgewick 's feet coming down off his desk - or , more likely , pangborn 's desk - and landing on the floor as he straightened up in his seat .
he wrote for nearly forty minutes , picking up speed as he went along , his mind gradually filling up with the sights and sounds of the wedding party which would end with such a bang .
before he could touch it , there was a bang and it split open in thad 's mouth , cutting his lips .
'it 'll go with a bang .
it went with a bang and a roar .
johnny set his mug down with a bang .
a puff of smoke rose from the barrel of one of the pistols across the way , there was a bang , and the invisible finger that had flicked his collar a few seconds ago now drew a line of fire across the side of johnny 's head .
`` well ... '' there was a bang as nick forcibly hung up one of the pay telephones .
on the other side of the aisle , bethany pulled down the windowshade beside albert 's seat with a bang .
there was a loud , hollow bang followed by the sound of crumpling metal and breaking glass .
smells suddenly struck brian with a bang : sweat , perfume , aftershave , cologne , cigarette smoke , leather , soap , industrial cleaner .
i think i had the idea that when the first guy got so he could n't cut it anymore they 'd aim the guns at him and pull the triggers and little pieces of paper with the word bang printed on them would ... would ... and the major would say april fool and we 'd all go home .
but the guns did n't produce little red flags with bang written on them .
there was an urge to play it safe , to just stay put , to take care of billy ( and maybe to bang amanda dumfries in the middle of the night , a voice murmured ) , to see if the mist would n't just lift , leaving everything as it had been .
the teeth would seem to get bigger , to become vampire teeth , the lips would writhe and the cymbals would bang , stupid monkey , stupid clockwork monkey , stupid , stupid he dropped it .
the lumina 's tires scream , and there is a loud dry bang as the right front blows out .
then , this afternoon , he had blown a hose or something , he had taken the wentworth exit in search of the great american service station , and then-whoa , dude-there had come a big bang from under the hood and all the dials on the dashboard started showing bad news .
roof trapdoors bang open .
the fact that he could see any glow at all from this distance meant that it must have been a very big bang indeed .
if you push me , everything goes bang . ''
people hurt themselves with things that go bang . '
she felt her gaze being pulled toward the town-hall clock tower ( a signal ruth send ) ( yes the explosion the lovely ) ( bang blow it blow it all the way to altair-4 ruth ) and resisted with all her might .
she could not open her mouth to scream c let me die , god , please , do n't let me be like them , do n't let me 'become ' c because it would dribble its dying self into her and then hump 's m-16 exploded under the striker with an undramatic wet bang .
he sat in the middle of the wreckage and told his callers that it sure had been a hell of a bang , and it looked as if they probably had had one fatality , but it was nowhere near as bad as it had probably sounded .
it was well for the people of haven that the big bang never did come , well for the people of maine , new england , perhaps for the whole continent or the whole planet .
pits 's chair came down with a bang .
a guy using house current to run a big band-saw would bang those needles harder . '
it might well have been the valium which something inside the burning house c one of bobbi 's gadgets c exploded with an artillery-shell bang .
eddie followed , pushing the empty chair and trying not to bang it too badly on the rocks which had begun to jut out of the ground like big white knuckles .
`` tell em about the godless bang what always came after ! ''
the double-breasted coat hugged her tightly and a deep bang of yellow hair had fallen over her right eye .
and again , the limp hand rose in a spasm and came down with a bang .
she struck it with a bang that knocked off most of the fridge ; magnets .
did you hear , like , a bang out there ? '
through those facing main street , there now came a hollow metallic bang and a yelp of pain .
call it the big bang theory . '
'if it bounces off , you 'd just hear a big bang .
'is there going to be another bang ? '
even before the big bang in the sky , it was n't nice .
all at once there was a bang and a fireball bloomed in the sky .
this is the way the world ends , not with a bang but a gasp . '
it will resume ( with a bang , you might say ) on reap-night .
there was a hollow bang as the mercedes hit the tie-dyed bus amidships .
roger exclaimed violently , and set his pilsner glass down with a bang .
that brought him back to the realities of the situation with a bang .
there was a hefty bang when the door slammed dosed that made tad jump and then mutter a bit in his sleep .
when andy disappeared from sight , payson went back inside and through the doorway behind the counter where he sold penny candy and bang caps and bubble gum and into the living quarters behind .
cap felt that when rainbird went , it would be with a spectacular bang .
john rainbird , standing beside her , had spent six months on stockade duty at camp stewart in arizona before going overseas , and he had seen the same expression on the faces of men coming out after a long hard bang inside .
panting for breath , she staggered through the door , and slammed it behind her with the loudest , most satisfying bang you can imagine .
a loud bang came from the gramophone horn .
but he figured having a little fun before the big bang might be a good thing .
i was about to ask again what was wrong when i heard a bang from inside the house .
julie had pulled back a fist to bang on the door when she heard what it was saying .
she did n't bang to get their attention .
clamps grabbed the ship , the knight 's hull reverberating with a metallic bang that reminded holden of a brig cell 's maglocks .
`` popped seal , you and bang , hey ? ''
the metallic bang of deck hatches opening and closing echoed through the ship , signaling amos ' approach up the crew ladder .
the deck hatch shut with a punctuating bang .
the hatch slammed behind her with a bang that could n't have been any harder than normal but felt like it was anyway .
barely out of the hospital and already looking for ways to bang herself up again .
but communication with this moon has been so spotty he was n't able to- '' holden was cut off by a loud bang from another part of the port .
`` if you pick this gun up right now , point it at a bad guy , pull the trigger , does it go bang ?
there was a disconcerting bang as the station 's docking hooks latched on to the ship .
the deck hatch slid open with a bang , and amos came up the crew ladder .
anna was thinking that she was most likely to run into crewmembers by going toward the front of the ship when there was a loud bang from the back and the lights went out .
it stopped after an endless minute with an ear-shattering bang .
`` do n't take off your belts , and please keep your arms and legs inside the couch 's shell where it wo n't bang against the side .
he 's about to pull it a second time when there is a loud bang from behind him , and zeb begins to fall , blood gushing from his forehead .
seems like we 're settin up to spend an inordinate lot of time pursuing a girl we ai n't allowed to bang when we find her .
then he says : if she ai n't no holy girl , does that mean i can bang her when we find her ?
if i 'd knowed that before ... you reckon i could bang her now , mose ?
let 's go bang on those lungs . ''
she raised an arm , let it drop with a bang against the door .
she raised her arm , let it bang again .
he went inside , let the screen door bang shut behind him .
they sat awhile longer in the corridor , listening to the shutter squeak on its rusted hinges and bang into the window .
a miner said , `` we better find some bang juice and powder .
he nodded again as the shuttle landed on the roof with a bang , the gust of wind it brought blowing up my ponytail .
still clutching the branch , she squeezed her thighs around the trunk ; felt her chin bang wood and then pain , red and hot as a brand , as her teeth drove into her tongue .
alex did , dropping onto the branch hard enough that she felt the bang ripple up her spine .
`` more bang for the buck . ''
not only did she have a rifle and a scope , a magnum short meant higher velocity and more power for the same amount of bang .
the amount of blood in the body is dependent on mass , and i 'm so tiny ... got to move , got to get to the bedroom ... jed , jed ... over the bang of her heart , she heard the click and then the creak of the door .
there was a hard bang as the spitfire 's berglass hull slapped and bounced off the camper 's wood runners .
there was a tremendous bang and then-all of a sudden-he was over open water .
`` yeah , but it 's efficient ; more bang for the buck .
come on , come on , come on , i just ... another jolt , and he heard something new : the bang of rock against rock .
from somewhere above , there was a sharp bang and then a crack .
there was no door , and the devil would only bang his head if he tried to enter .
jasper was a spazzy , twitchy-smart ten-year-old , and a complete pyro with a fixation on pipe bombs , water impulse charges , and anything that made a bang .
from ... somewhere ... there came a hard bang that might have been sharper and louder but for the cotton stuffing her ears .
his heart began to bang and he thought he might faint , this felt so good .
the door crashed open with an enormous bang .
`` i 'll show you rough ; i 'll show you what a man- '' she heard the loud bang , an explosion of wood against cinderblock .
the shotgun blast was enormous , a boom sarah felt and heard crash and bang against the vestibule 's stone walls .
there was a very loud bang of metal on wood , the chatter of dishes , and then a muffled shriek from deidre , his father 's girlfriend of the moment .
she 'd just opened her mouth to thank him when there was a huge bang and something hot and white suddenly blasted through the hull not five feet from her face .
there was a gigantic bang from the great room , followed by a squeal of stressed wood against metal as something hit the front door .
he heard the bang of a door , and saw jasper , face chalk-white , stumbling out of the equipment shed .
`` church made a hell of a bang . ''
`` even though we 're inside , someone might 've heard the shot and come to check- '' at his back , the door to the understairs closet slammed open with a loud bang , and then jayden was screaming , `` chris !
just got to hope it 's enough of a bang . ''
an enormous bang came from someplace over his head .
if someone came up , she 'd be in trouble , but she was here , finn was down there , and this was as good a place to hide as- from beyond the tower came a loud bang .
a dull but distinct bang from inside the van rocked gus back a step .
you'ro sick , you bang in .
i 'm having a nice sleep and , bang , now i 'm awake .
just ... bang , boom , whoosh .
teddy heard cawley 's shoes bang their way back up the dock and get softer as they hit the sand .
back in the lounge , i gathered up my tools , and was about to get the furniture back in place , when i noticed a lump under the carpet , right slap bang in the middle of the room .
he could bang out the front door and have lunch at the pub .
rhythmically , each bang on the floor to emphasise the words do-you-un-der- stand ?
he had been an assiduous client of various whore houses in and around burton , most of them curiously baptised with extraterrestrial names - paradise , big bang , the black hole .
not waiting for the unsuspecting protestors to respond , i flung myself towards the several members standing in front of me , forcing them to the ground right as the loud bang of a gun shot rang out .
another loud bang rang out followed by the explosion of both the windshield and the rear glass of the vehicle that was closest to the now prone and screaming group .
it was more noisy than jonathan had expected , and the bang echoed around the hills , though no bird or beast was obviously disturbed .
the second theory has to do with strange gray and green and purple gases , tiny jumping particles , a spark , and then a big bang .
the flash lit up all of the nooks and crannies , and the bang ricocheted around the room , echoing the death knell that signalled bransons death .
if he moves , bang him on the head .
but i 'm there , bang in the middle !
the bang shook the whole back of the house and an enormous rush of heat enveloped my body .
as we stared at the hart house a loud rattling bang on the front hood caused us both to jump .
my cousin jorge continued to bang out some kind of drum cadence on the jag .
by the end of junior year those dates often ended with a bang .
i screamed at the bang and realizedwhen i was still alivethat the noise had been the front door , not the gun .
he was fun to bang walls with , but other than that we had nothing in common .
behind me , the kitchen door swung open with a bang .
she said into the receiver , i think youre doing a bang up job , i havent seen any zombies walking around the hospital in years .
right slap bang into jane kowolski , who nodded without understanding why .
my bedroom door flew open with a bang and instinctively , in what i can only describe as blind panic , i bit into the onion and lobbed it through the darkness like a grenade , hoping its fumes might temporarily blind the intruder so i could bundle him .
continue ... 19 jimmy strongbow the pub doors flew open with a loud bang and in bowled my landlord .
weve got him bang to rights !
i was bricking it too because i knew i was bang to rights on the charge of possessing a chemical weapon .
he said hed be here bang on eight .
not the cataclysmic bang i was expecting .
more a sort of firework bang .
the fake dynamite went off with a bang !
the gun fired with a loud bang !
i was walking along the pavement , i could n't have been looking where i was going , and i walked slap bang into this guy .
a flaming star fell from the sky and crashed with a bang just over the nearest hill .
he calmly observed mevrin the first getting hit in the chest with a loud bang and subsequently being composed into the castle wall .
then there was a bang , a scream , and a somewhat dishevelled sorceress landed on the battleground .
ropes and hawsers bang like gunshots .
well then , ill have to do a bang up job so you can see me strut my stuff .
a loud bang was sent careening into the clouds as birds , whom had seconds ago been singing with joy , took to fearful flight , squawking their distress .
i m totally gon na bang ur mom for xmas , it said .
dexter listened as he disappeared down the hallway to the door of his room which he shut with an unintended bang .
and there it was crude and surreal the very same cage as the one in the photograph in his pocket , the one george had so reluctantly handed over to him before he kissed the world goodbye with a bang .
david davis , a more general revolt ; and people may be interested in a large bang and a couple of seconds later the roof collapsed and people were forced to eat the paper every day , and in magazines and endless tv shows .
we must bang our heads against the wall , for the fifth , sixth , and seventieth time .
anyway , bang goes his scrap allowance for the week and it 's only '' consulting his watch `` twenty past nine on monday morning ! ''
temperatures are bang on , in fact everything 's perfect . ''
panic rose in him as he stared helplessly at the complex maze of knobs , dials and flowmeters , most of them innocent of any kind of labelling and he was still twittering in glassy-eyed frustration when a bloody-nosed peddle pushed past him to bang down the master switch , cunningly concealed round the far side of the panel .
if the bunghole gets plugged up with the polyurea , the whole lot goes off bang .
the heavy spear flew through the air , the pointed end swung off line , it sideswiped the barrel with a dull bang and rolled to rest a few feet from it .
our mostly stable universe is supposed to have popped out of into an itty-bitty quantum instability ( the big bang ) .
even our most impressive twentieth-century theory -- the big bang -- had gone off the track by the end of the century .
i shoved all those aside and charged for the door -- bang !
a loud bang on the door interfered with their verification .
give her a few months listening to the old witch read her the books stashed up there , a couple months practicing moves after the cats get big , and bang .
the theory of evolution and the big bang creation of the universe is just the thing .
he soon had a large following , and started holding his own anti-god revival meetings on tv , in which he preached evolution and the big bang as the only creators .
big bang and a loud flash .
he was as regular as spitfire , and was determined to go out with a bang and a laugh in preference to rattling out his death wheeze all alone , sunken in his squalid bedsit with his teeth in a jam jar and his toupee over the lampshade .
the major miracles could be saved for more important events like a big bang .
but it consoles us to know that he went the way he wanted to with a bang !
minority groups will bang on doors and demand to be heard until at last , often at long last it is true , their revindications are finally satisfied .
after entering the room i kicked the bottom of the door with my foot causing it to bang loudly and shake as it re-aligned itself with its frame .
oconnell pushes his chair back and paces out of the office , closing the door with a bang .
oconnell runs towards a large steel filing cabinet shoved against the right wall and kicks it ; a bang resonates throughout the room .
it was only afterwards that my wits failed me , after an enormous bang and once all the smoke had cleared , when my surroundings presented themselves to me .
i caught a quick glimpse of a masked and balaclavad man knocking my friends to the floor , then there was a flash and a bang and then it was all over .
chapter 7 bing , bang , boomi got a job .
when i told them that there was endless debates whether or not there was a creator or there was a big bang and evolution , wilx said something very interesting .
had a devil of a squeak it did , but i think i managed to bang it out .
our main objective was to provide you and mum with the easiest opportunity to get bang for your buck and maximize the efficiency of your transactions , viz-a-viz your spending threshold .
as a keen eater of all things fattening , it was widely acknowledged that whilst 100m runner carl lewis went on the b of bang , nick started sweating on the f of food .
the last time someone suggested duck to me , it was so i didnt bang my head .
a door screeched , footsteps clacked in and the cubicle door beside him opened and closed with a bang .
the couch creaked and sagged , and a loud bang reverberated in reubens head as something was placed on the table above him .
after all , theyre only around if something is about to go bang .
joan turns to us and whispers , his uncle john worked as a security guard at thurstons funeral home and passed away recently ... died from a bang to the head when he fell to the floor .
she circled the chairs on the stage as she had done so many times during the eight month production schedule of the ballet , and started the council session with a bang , though not literally .
i heard a bang against the wall near her .
down on one knee ( i did n't remember dropping ) , i watched the outside door bang open and close like a lighthouse flash , and then i was back in the dark .
the bang sent a flock of pigeons soaring out over the desert .
even better , for the first few moments it felt like it was the whole universe and that a second big bang might originate from his trusty little meat-puppet right there in his bedroom .
i went to bang the grinder into life .
bring this production bang up to date , so to speak - perhaps we could say the cowardly lion got dorothy pregnant - that would take a real show of courage , wouldnt it ?
she hung the closed sign , gave the door a bang with her hip so that it clicked , and she locked it .
i looked back at that visit to the porno store , and finding the sections on brazilian barbarian broads bang gay gynecologists gone comatose , medieval masonry moms with big wet asses , or self-flagellating slutty saints in penis penance , as one of my fondest memories from those turbulent days .
i heard a loud bang but kept going down with a heavy weight on top of me .
i dreamed of a giant red fist closing around me and squeezing me until i popped with a loud bang .
julianna was frantically searching the workbench until she found three sets of keys and scooped them all up and dashed back to the van , leaping in as the door slid shut with a bang .
i heard the loud bang of a shot firing out and for the second time today , i saw a man get his head blown apart .
when i reach the motel , i decide to not bang on elise 's door just yet .
my car hits the yellow colored no vehicles larger than 6 ft. sign with a loud screech and bang every time i enter the lot .
getting out of my seat i bang my head on the overhead bin .
i would pick up a # 2 pencil and begin scribbling meaningless phrases on a yellow legal pad such as more bang for your buck or reinvent the wheel or work smarter , not harder .
i used to write these things down on my yellow pad next to more bang for your buck and reinvent the wheel .
`` drop the chief the info that i 've identified our 'call me master or bang you 're dead ' chappie , will you ? ''
but i want you to bang my gong gong .
still , johan was convinced that one day the crowd will come so we continued to bang our heads off the wall .
ive seen it happen a thousand times already , so going out with a bang like this seems like the best for all concerned .
`` knowing our luck probably smack bang in the centre . ''
proper etiquette for having a friend bang an older woman to get you a six-figure contract chapter 56 .
drink and bang a lot .
and since shell be working on set all the time , youll have her place to bang new insane women in .
get one girl to cup your nuts while you bang the other girl and get both of them to blow you at once .
dont get trapped into one of those would you like to bang my wife ?
feel like you should bang her but then realize that your friend is still there .
in a few months or a few years after you are broken up , you may bang her friends , but not now .
go home and bang her multiple times .
lavalife was a good dating site to find women to bang , but better sites have come along .
we see someone and think , i can trick her for a bit , or if were truly confident , we see a hot woman and think , id like to bang her .
there are some small-town girls who need the attention and hope to bang some bench-warming professional athletes , but other than that , its about the money .
once all of the baby daddies have come and left , it is time to bang the stripper .
one day , she will see you on television and think about how lucky she was to bang you .
but black women bleed more ferociously than white women ( this ideology is both racist and unproven , but i bang black women on their periods , so i cant be racist ) .
she hasnt had a man bang her well for years .
then bang a female crew member poorly ( cocaine messes up your dick , unless you are black or a liar ) .
now , these girls are great for us gentleman because theyre fun to bang , they come from money , and they can make you feel better as a person after youve gone through a break-up .
at first , you may feel tempted to go out and bang other women ; do not !
if you are strong enough and she is not a fat pig , pick her up and bang her against the wall .
she knows a lot of people here because waitresses go there and drink and bang their co-workers or strangers .
she will think that cats are better than men , but her cat probably doesnt bang her like you are about to .
however , if you can live with yourself , here is what you do : find an elderly woman who may be a widow and offer to bang her for some of her husbands pension and part of whatever he willed his wife .
i cant tell you what to charge , but id say to bang this woman for an hour , all in including cunnilingus and the risk of getting caught by her russian mobster husband , 300 bucks is a good start .
do not bang chicks at work .
as modern-day degenerate gentlemen , it behooves us to bang a couple of these older women before they find their final resting places six feet under and become worm food as their children and grandchildren cry over their caskets .
proper etiquette for having a friend bang an older woman to get you a six-figure contract those of us who consider ourselves creative will often face financial difficulties .
you will think , can i bang her ?
these are all reasonable questions and all reasons that you can not bang a manatee like this .
they tapered our jeans and got us converse and bicycles and helped us find summer jobs so that we could afford economy cars in which to finger bang our early conquests .
i did n't take you for a quitter , ' he said , and proceeded to bang heavily on the door .
afterflow moved across claritys aisle and lifted a carton , revealing the high grade aluminum frame of a large bang & olufsen beovision 85 inch plasma television set that popped up the reflection coated image of a financial news feed and a chat interface .
i think i might just get out of this situation with a bang .
alice decided it would be best if she woke him , and took the key card so she did n't have to bang on his door .
suddenly there came a loud bang .
a long while later , during which they did a great deal of nothing and then went outside to look at the stars , there was a loud bang .
and then another bang .
i can see how matter came about by the big bang easily enough , but for the life of me , i could not see how matter itself could generate life , or mind , i just couldnt .
well , when their time 's up , they take them out and shoot the buggers : bang !
helen threw her lipstick down as she heard the front door bang .
wed just got everything back together again , when bang !
or so i assume and , no way , could she settle on the big bang theory .
i caught a bit of bang theory , and i do n't mean the show .
`` haggis is not banal ; it 's primal matter left over from the big bang .
they are no longer symbols of marvin ; they are merely artifacts left over from the big bang .
`` it originated with the big bang . ''
there was a bang , a flash of blue lightning that blinded everyone , and a pall of oily smoke .
there was a flash and a bang , and hank sprang back .
there was a flash and a bang , and a green cloud formed .
there was a flash and a bang , and a brown cloud .
the drawbridge fell with a bang and uther trotted across , into the courtyard , up the front porch of the keep , and into the main entrance .
the big bang was just an event . ''
`` the big bang was considerably more important than tea with the archbishop , '' said neville .
there was a flash and a bang , and a big green cloud materialized .
he tried again , muttered a spell involving pigs and wings , and there was another flash and a bang .
`` the big bang ? ''
he heard a bang from the bathroom like someone had hit their knee or head on something hard .
there was another bang .
theres a shuffle in the back and a bang against the screen that shields us from it .
you walk up to him , he grabs it out of your trousers and bang , youre gone .
we go round to jelfs house , he gives us some info and like , bang , hes dead .
just bang the floor if you want me to go away . ''
judging from the long screech , then the resounding bang outside , it was a good one ; perhaps with blood-spattered victims squashed in mangled steel wreckage or sprawled across the street .
`` you realize , gentlemen , what a big bang would lead to ? ''
it cut a swathe through the mosquito-infested water lilies on the other side , then it hit the trees and disintegrated with a terrific bang .
it was strange to hear him bang on the front door .
so , for her to bang on the door while caitlyn had a patient meant something serious was up .
the radio shut off with a bang , a method of operation certainly not recommended by emerson , the manufacturer of many trusty electronic products including this one .
a brisk wind slammed the door with a loud bang .
even at the first coffee break there were factions developing , like a fast-forwarded development from the big bang to the solar system .
youre so amazing id bang you right now , you know that ?
dont bang them with tegans seat .
there followed an almighty splash as he landed painfully on his backside , smack bang in the middle of the puddle .
`` the power of durable evil is the very same mysterious force that created the big bang .
there was a flash and a bang , and every fuse in the clinic blew .
this was followed by a loud bang , and an eerie , blue glow .
and it rang with a bang .
chapter two the jabberwock when alice was 12 the jabberwock burst through the door of the small hut , causing it to swing and bang against the wall as it jolted open .
this time the trombone went boowaa , boowaa , and the sax went pooppoop pooppoop , and the drummer went psht psht psht psht and the piano went plinkyplonk crash , plinkyplonk dungg plinkyplonk plonk plo nk veda returned to the bar and yelled for another `` g smash crash bang ce '' .
later that morning , with a sigh rather than a bang , he deleted the websites from the servers .
i just need bang !
creatures from before the big bang that gave birth to this blessed age of light .
if they bang us up well never find godot .
worse comes to worst and i go bang on rebeccas door afterwards .
the next week was the last friday before the exam period and we all wanted to go out with a bang .
during the go-go nineties , i started reading books about science to discover how science knew that the universe started in a big bang and how they knew that all life evolved from a single cell .
______________________________ chapter 8 : nobody knows the universe as impressive as gravity is , its just one element in the most ambitious scientific theory of all time -- the birth of the universe in a primordial explosion called the big bang .
the big bang started out as a novel theory before it turned into the evolution of astronomy and got set in evolving stone .
as with any historical theory -- like the big bang , like the origin of life -- the story of the origin of consciousness can be seductive and is backed up with evidence .
too bad they didnt write the story of the big bang and the origin of life but , no , we had to leave that to scientists -- and look what we got as a result . )
he had dressed in a tuxedo , to better fit in with his avian friends , although the sea lions seemed to take it as something of a snub because they began to bang their flippers on the ground when he approached , sending loud shockwaves reverberating through the ice .
she hit the button on the built in bang and olufsen , which immediately began playing hava nagilah and the party was on .
the rabbi looked at the bang and olufsen and the music stopped magically .
marle , thinking someone must have slipped something into her mochachino when she was in the break room , hit the button on the bang and olufsen and the music filled the room ; the dancing resumed more feverish than before .
`` i 'd like to bang her to be honest . ''
`` you 're disgusted with me because i want to bang the wife of a guy your girlfriend killed with anal beads ? ''
these are some useful passages : while nobody is quite certain of the origin of the giant squid , most scienhistorians are fairly certain that their pilgrimage through space and subsequent inhabiting of most known worlds began towards the center of the universe and emanated outward in every direction , much like matter right after the big bang .
nothing to do with the loud bang making you jump for cover ?
was there a bang ?
another bang , this one at the side door .
then the ground beneath the horde exploded with a sharp bang and lingering smoke .
theres too ma there was a bang .
as he ran , though , he noticed the absence of a loud bang or the sound of a zombie king exploding into hundreds of fiery bits , so he glanced over .
i stayed silent and motionless , listening to the waters of the toilet flowing down , the occasional muffled bang coming from the rooms of the family of four and celestines descent to my door , which she knocked softly .
i heard him bang into the wall a couple of times and then their door closing .
however , i will not , be treated like this so i bang on the black door with my right fist and kick fiercely with my left foot whilst i keep my left-handed forefinger firmly ringing on that bell .
my heart started to bang against my ribcage .
that was all he would give them before shutting the door behind them with a bang .
fred asked , watching the workmen bang at the underside of the bulkhead .
youd rather bang nails than hit a softball ?
margie gestured with one hand then dropped it on the steering wheel with a bang , making lydia wince .
it dropped with a loud , predictable bang that surprised no one in the barn , except the priest who jerked some .
though to have a mid-life crisis he needed money , and they had none , so that left finding a young woman to bang .
in the present state of society that work made him bang his head against the powers that be and the way things are .
the television screen periodically turned red until a bang on its top shamed it out of its embarrassment .
well , i was watching nova last night , and according to emerson and that saint , god is the big bang .
how is the big bang , which emerson never heard of , the same thing as god ?
the big bang happened everywhere .
putting his juice box down on the table with as much of a bang as cardboard allowed , he said , so he supports torturing people and imperialistically crushing small countries ?
after tris was done with her , her brownish-red hair was parted on one side with a bang covering half her forehead , and instead of trying to tame the curliness tris accented it .
light years and black holes had been diagrammatically explained to me on the t.v. , i had once been given evidence for the big bang theory ( something was always unconvincing about that one ) , and , of course , the adolescent notion of infinity lay up there too .
bing , being , boeing , beijing , bang ____________________________ the sculptor ( 1776-1867 ) www.wordsculptor.net aka www.kealey.net [ 1 ] in a strange way , it is as if james joyce at his most bizarre has been reborn in altered form .
like i said , just a little bang and burgle . ''
a months , maybe twos , notice and some severance pay and bang , uppy goes into the pot and this whole damn war makes it worse .
when lex holds his hand over the railing , the horses bang their heads against each other trying to win the non-existent treat .
just say you got a bad back or a hang nail and , bang , they write a prescription .
the caw of the crow reverberated alongside an alarming bang that crackled the air .
tastes like a crispy , sweet county-fair corn dog , thought miles absently , his head ringing as he watched a now-fuzzy version of the little girl with the finger gun step back from him and silently form the word bang with her cherubic , rose-petal lips .
explosive violence was more likely than was the situation ending without a bang .
lots of drama , a big media circus , and then end things with a bang !
like the big bang for bureaucrats , thought allan as a dreamy , far-away look of abject satiation washed across his face .
presently , she was euphoric , of course - the bang on the head .
the whack , bang , crank which follows .
she hangs up with a bang , and , when the telephone rings again , lets her eager mother answer the call .
seems theres some sort of trading going on , sharing out the prisoners amongst the militias , sort of an insurance policy , a way of getting maximum bang for your riyal .
there is a chugging sound , a load of grey smoke and a sudden sharp bang as the car backfires .
he did n't bang on the window unsure on what he should do .
the current hypothesis about creation and the character of the universe gives us the theory of the big bang , gravity which somehow warps a continuum of space and time and einsteins brilliant formulation , e=mc2 , importing that ( among other things ) matter and energy are inter-changeable .
and yet , if the theory of the big bang is correct , at the earliest moment in the life of the universe , all matter and energy in the universe may have been compacted into a single point .
i got the impression she thought that we were just there to bang each others brains out or some other form of sexual debauchery .
today , most scientists hold that our universe started with a cosmic explosion ( the big bang ) sometime between 10 and 20 billion years ago , but the scientific jury is still out as to the exact sequence of events surrounding the birth of the universe .
the bang on the door was no longer a knock , it was a shoulder , a heavy one , trying to force it open .
the physical world splintered away like bits of glass as i shot through it , everywhere , like a big bang .
chapter vii and his conversation was like juggling and swoosh swoosh swoosh ol whoops bang crash and this made him a clown .
chris remembered watching his father bang on the red hot metal with a three-pound hammer and thinking he must be impervious to trivialities such as decay and age .
at its earliest point , its big bang , you have a narrative religion , like judaism .
randal took his eyes off the road for long enough to bang his forehead against the steering wheel .
his chain of thoughts was interrupted by the bang of the screen door of their house as his mother rushed out looking for him .
he began to bang loudly on one of the exhaust pipes for no purpose other than to drown his grandmother out with the noise .
my face fell to my lap as i sobbed there was a bang on the door that aroused me from my deadening sleep .
no one came and i wept harder , throwing my head back against the door as i heard it bang .
i wanted to jump off the mattress and go bang on the door and give them hell but i was so hungry .
as soon as i was out the door , it slammed shut in an angry bang of thunder .
neil did n't hear what he or their visitor said , but he definitely heard the door bang closed against someone 's unyielding body .
the referees slammed the doors with a resounding bang and bolted them shut .
[ 94 ] all watertight doors are oval in shape , and the bottom of the door is about a foot above the deck , and when new guys go through them , they tend to bang their knees on the bottom part and their foreheads on the top , until they get the rhythm .
go bang the toilet , fag breath .
we sprayed the sidewall with hair spray and threw the match , hit the air , and bang !
a deep thumping bang told him that a sledge-hammer was being used on the door , quickly he moved on to where the tunnel opened out into a small chamber , all kinds of foodstuffs were collected there , `` cripes jerry has it good , '' he said to himself .
because they had forgotten to turn off the gas it burst into light with a roar and a bang .
from the steps of the temple a conch was blown , it 's sound echoed around the square , when the last echo had all but died the bang of heavy drums announced the procession .
the bang received a loud raucous cheer from a group of men sitting together around the fire .
if he did n't do it himself , as it was done when the big bang blasted , he considered it false and insulting .
hornsby jumped out of his jeep and ran to bang with his fist on the front door of the long white stucco structure .
the mps was there when we got there , and it couldnt have been but a couple of minutes after we heard the bang .
at first , colling thought he might have missed its dropping between the syrena and the patrol boat , but then there was a loud bang and flame leaped skyward from the fore-deck of the cutter .
she cut it to get her damn charm loose and let my head bang into the cement .
the entire restaurant had to have heard our glasses bang together and our loud cheers .
then she heard the solid , thudding stride of the guard leaving the chamber and the bang of a door .
a loud stuttering bang reverberated loudly down the air duct , as if an entrance to the tunnel above was being accessed , and bright lights were switched on .
your brain is thinking about movies youve seen , books youve read and how you expect things to tie up neatly but dramatically with a big bang .
cain provided me with a famous image of the universe about 300,000 years after the big bang accompanied by a mathematical proof purporting to prove that the universe couldnt possibly be older than me .
we dont all gang bang , use drugs , or live the baby-mama drama .
*** the overhead door of the cell , the pit , slammed shut with a ringing , metallic bang .
scowling , liz let the door bang shut behind her and strode past the truck that had towed their airstream more than a thousand miles so far .
we did go out with a bang at chees nightclub and at aces .
i think of ways to make it better , money , i think or big bang what , man ?
this can be extrapolated to the concept of multiple universes each with their own big bang , each emerging from a froth on the ocean of greater reality .
in fact they have reconstructed the initial moments after the big bang at these very time scales .
but the curious thing is that the now for the world just milliseconds after the big bang is the same as the now for the present poque with the only caveat that there was no conscious observer there to experience it .
it is quantum mechanics that tries to gives an explanation of the origin of matter at least down to the singularity of the big bang .
at earlier times , infinitesimally close to the big bang these four forces may have united into one original force .
the two remaining big questions are what was before the moment of the big bang and what triggered life to come into existence at some point in the earths distant past .
the only sign-posts to the laws that preceded the singularity or big bang are the laws as revealed in our current space-time .
we have become enthralled by the theory of the big bang and the confluence with the broad spectrum of quantum theory and cosmology .
the low temperature of this residual radiation from the big bang event was theoretically predicted to be of the order of several degrees above absolute zero .
if a question is two realities coming into contact and revealing their mutual interference , then the big bang idea has its origins in the coming into contact of the present observed state of the cosmos and the present state of knowledge represented by quantum theory .
while the big bang is the best fit theory at present , it would be wrong to consider it in any way a final theory just as it is wrong to consider quantum theory a final theory - which clearly it isnt as it doesnt incorporate general relativity and gravity .
the long sought-after union of these theories is still as elusive as ever yet the big bang theory has taken hold even though it is a brute cobbling-together of the theories of the day .
while the big bang theory may be correct or near to the actual origins of the universe , until it is absolutely verified if ever it can be , then it is wrong to give up asking the many other questions of the cosmos that a naive child might ask .
despite the gaping holes in the big bang theory - the ultimate expansion or contraction of space , the acceleration of expansion rate , the mystery of dark energy and matter , and the enigma of the initial singularity - there has been no attempt to critically challenge its legitimacy .
both realms were linked by the theory of the big bang .
the universe may not even begin at a big bang .
title the big bang / joseph silk .
i heard the door bang shut at the far end of the long passage , leaving me to the moribund atmosphere of infected exhalations and the sound of my crackling lung bases as they expanded and contracted in the silence .
he was heading into the studio in october , and this brief promotional tour would start the recording off with a bang .
phoebe and sascha cringed as they watched saschas little brother bounce out of the honda odyssey and bang into the bmw with his toy baseball bat .
helen stalked up and down the study , her leather boots punctuating each word with an echoing bang on the wooden floor beneath her .
i just get into the wood and work , bang away at it .
it finally rained ... ** chapter 11 monday started with a bang threatening a hectic week ahead , quite in contrast to what he had desired .
you come in and bust your butt and the boss doesnt notice , so you say screw it , why hustle when nobody gives a shit , and then bang , the boss catches you goofing off and two seconds later is smacking you with a written warning .
im going to bring her in one of these days , and i want you to take her home and bang her .
why dont you bring her over so i can bang her a couple of times .
it continued along the straight line before coming to rest in the cross hair joint of four tiles , smack bang in the middle of the room .
replied the viscount , too much loft and bang goes another window .
given how much the mood had lightened stu said , so , did you bang the teacher ?
i aimed carefully along my arm with my imaginary shotgun and screamed bang , milli-seconds before the third double-barrel discharge .
the big bang which created this vast , glowing universe of which i have seen little required laws of the sciences which have not been seen since .
noise from the basement , clatter and bang .
she didnt tell him the big bang was just a whimper .
i bang on the window with my right hand and give them the finger .
a heavy bang at my door jumped through my stale room .
when i worked at dyna-plex , the other white-collars spent their days hanging around the water cooler saying things like reinvent the wheel , or more bang for your buck , or work smarter , not harder .
why had they insisted that it be her who bang the nail into the coffin ?
the pearl-handled pistol she drew from her bodice leapt in her hand , making a startlingly unfeminine bang .
he threw the stone and it clattered into the bin with a loud rattle that made his manager jump and bang his head on the wing mirror .
she could reach her awkward white hand over , with her wrist bare from a sweater that ended halfway up her forearm , an old odd style , and unlatch it , often leaving it to bang back on me .
the door slams with a loud bang behind .
there was a loud bang as his hand ripped from mine , and a searing pain electrocuted my body .
the eternity that was required for expansion to stop and reverse and implode and reset in yet another big bang didnt seem that long at all .
ive been writing about cosmic origins for several years now , and the more i write about it the more i see this big bang thing as basically the impact of a giant hammer on a fine and elegant watch .
james scott the big bang theory actually happened - right here on my desk !
i wanted to start my new life with a bang .
when they were all seated , the judge had to bang his gavel once to calm the audience .
each bang on the door ripped my heart into pieces .
a loud bang followed , and all the birds in the tree flew away .
a loud bang , his look of fear , and then his sweat-dripping body falls on top of me .
she heard the heavy hall door bang behind him .
so what was the bang ?
kevin began to bang his fist on the couch in anger .
i bang and clang around on everything to scare the chickens away , hoping with dread to find one that has died .
he was at the shelter watching a show on tv about the big bang , and the scientist with the glasses was explaining about the cosmic atom and was really being interesting about how all the matter in the universe was compressed to the size of a pinhead .
did she actually wish -- bang !
this is wholly consistent with a theory of metaphysics offered by cosmologists who contend that an infinitely small universe is the one that would undergo a big bang .
the big bang appeared to sterling in the form of a whopper of a headache , thanks to the trips laced brownies .
part2 chapter 6 the door creaked as it slammed shut with a bang !
rocketing through the aftermath of a thoughtless big bang .
if , and i say `` if '' if she thought you were thinking about it ... bang , blam !
in the fuck and the bang , so was the fuck !
she heard a bang and clatter as a music stand collided with her wheelchair , followed by a giggle and oops !
hell , woman , youre so old you lit the fuse for the big bang !
the door careened open , slamming against the wall with a bang but it stayed open .
i slowly squeezed the trigger and the rifle discharged with a sudden bang .
then , just after he crossed the finish line and headed into turn one , a loud bang made me jump damn near into the next county .
i took a pull off my cigarette , and bang , it exploded in my face .
~~~~*~~~~ dane closed the file drawer with a bang and ran his fingers through his hair , ruffling it more than the sleepless night had done .
the outraged editor would swear and curse and bang their fists on the desk , banishing the ad man from the editorial offices and sending them scurrying back to their desk , suitably chastened .
while the actress spoke to the lioness , a rather loud bang suddenly erupted from outside .
*** the sky was streaked with curious red wisps of cloud and the wind began to whistle across the eaves when melissa heard the front door bang .
he heard the metallic rattle across the floor , the bang against the wall .
i was also thinking that we should start the project with a bang .
well , that 's the bang i was talking about .
mayor saunders starts the saunders sports center with a bang .
he had stopped on hearing the second bang , now considerably louder and closer .
* i 'm coming out of the old front door , through the screen that used to bang to but now just hangs off to the side on one hinge , going to do some custom work with the tractor for mr. grissom .
he lets the screen door bang to , closes the wood door , has to shove it .
was it a bang when i clipped him or was he off in the ditch and hit a chug hole ?
the noise , the hammer and bang of gunshots from two different parts of the city caused him some concern .
he paused and seemed ready to bang his gavel , but then stopped .
i think i know that guy , i shouted to her , the bang of the bands drone punk moving the walls .
i told him who i was , where he was , and bang !
never have sex or make love or even those euphemisms shag or bang , used for comic effect when you cant handle just how goddamned seriously you really do take romance .
her sce- a loud bang came from upstairs .
a bang came echoing in from the city streets .
every time the boat crashed down , it sent a spray of white water into the air , accompanied by a loud bang .
eventually you find yourself at the big bang , the supposed start of time .
but of course there was time before the big bang , but just in another universe .
the collapse does n't create the particle - it was always intrinsically there , perhaps from an initial big bang event .
the seeds of big bang were sown .
our view of reality is now even stranger at this cosmic level , but the hint of unification with the quantum world came with the development of the theory of the big bang , because near the singularity at the postulated beginning of our universe , it is quantum theory that takes over , in defining the very origin of our world .
i can hear the great bang of the explosion , as i re-enter time .
likewise at the cosmological scale , where the big bang is like a small bubble universe in a vast sea of foam of infinities of parallel universes - each universe must have its own ontological god , and there arises the same problem of an infinity of gods .
big bang theory and quantum field theory covers the spectrum from the great infinite to the small infinitesimal scale .
behind the big bang there is a great question mark ?
superstring theory of the twenty first century may bring us back to pre-big bang scenarios but this is still pushing back the ultimate why even further .
this fact is reflected in current big bang theory where it is postulated that at planck times all symmetry was unbroken and the colour force binding quarks , the strong force of the nucleus , the weak force of radioactive decay , the electromagnetic force and the force of gravity were all one .
there are histories in space time for every atom of the chair each of which can be traced back to a primal genesis , perhaps in the big bang or in the ferment of the interior of some sun .
from the galaxy back in time to the big bang , my history is a long one with many twists and turns .
that it is not , is direct evidence of the big bang .
the huge expansion directly following the big bang led to matter being dispersed thinly across an incredible space .
there is a remarkable similarity to the closed model of big bang theory .
the trillions of particles that have chanced to come together to form me , have been in the cosmos from the start of time , if there be such a thing as the big bang .
i am , because the objective cosmos out there is , and has been , at least back to the proposed big bang .
yet this tiny cloud was my own , my local environment where my presence had significance and , potentially , the power to influence the grand course of all spacetime , from the point of the big bang towards a distant infinity .
staring intently at the coffee maker with cup in hand , he looked like a sprinter in the blocks waiting for the bang of the starters pistol .
and bang , you would have ita clone with the original dna of another being .
my body remembers the bang as the other car ran into us , she said .
she gave myrtle a hurried , dismissive wave as she staggered off to her house , slamming the door behind her with a bang .
he put the beer bottle down with a bang .
she put the plate down with a bang , and looked him in the eye .
he pulled the man towards him and then slammed him viciously back against the wall , his head making a satisfying bang on the ancient brickwork .
this one did bang on a bit before he came to the point , by which time her mind had gone back to the case he had just called her away from .
he did this to whoops and cheers ; which turned to shrieks and moans as there was suddenly a loud bang , the glass door shattering as it closed behind the fleeing man .
the captain produced a bang stick and explained that it was basically a shot gun shell on a stick .
usually the doors bang and make a loud echo when they close .
not much to do but immobilize it and take care not to bang it on anything again .
i crashed into it with a loud bang .
she yanked his stool out from under him causing the man to bang his head on the counter .
this is for rachel , i said with each bang , this is for trying to kill me .
we heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of the front door .
its lightweight , and carries eight hollow-nosed slugs , each with sixty grains of bang .
the bang of the front door made me jump an inch or two .
i screamed out loud as the door suddenly slammed shut with a loud bang , then there was silence .
but the pekinese , heady with liberation and determined to escape the vicinity of the loud bang , took off running at full speed .
the bathroom door slammed open , hitting the wall behind with a great bang .
i fell off , cracked my head against the tub , and bang ! - it was all she wrote . ''
pete wanted to finish junior tennis with a bang and was committed to climbing to the # 1 ranking in the 18s before he said goodbye and left for college .
she should find a comfortable and quiet spot to bang her head repeatedly against the wall .
resisting the urge to bang her head against the steering wheel , she took stock of her surroundings .
then bang , you find the key to their puzzle .
he decided on the first option , bang on the door and see what happens .
i jumped at a sudden loud bang and the door to my office rattled on its hinges .
all i knew was there was a good chance it was the kind that went bang ... ap unger could attest to that .
anyhow , she was hoovering in the back there and i was sorting bottles down here , he indicated the empties skip and the crates beside it , and there was this hell of a bang right here .
this brought another wave of whispers and another bang of the gavel .
sarah assumed he would end his questions there , with the big bang ; but hes obviously not finished with this witness .
can you bang again ?
i bang the door .
the hammer came down with a crisper bang this time .
then there was a terrible bang .
tonight he was watching it on his plasma screen , bang & olauffsen 50-inch screen tv on his newly acquired dvd player .
knowles had parked close enough to the pile of snow along the curb that the suited men had to bang their doors into the snow bank to get them open wide enough to exit the car .
he had to bang the door closed twice to get it to latch .
at about the time that mary was driving away down north shore drive , leaving joey to cut wood and bang nails , charles adams finally was able to reach sloan at his department line .
joe hung up with a bang and louis stumbled from his bedroom to look out the front room window on the side facing joey 's .
`` well , '' she said , `` why do n't you just bang a hole in the floor and see if the stuff is under there ? ''
i wanted to bang my head against the wall or do something violent and stupid to dissipate my anger , but i was conscious of not wanting to frighten marjorie .
weakly , he heard something , it was like a distant bang on the horizon .
electronic compilation copyright 2013 by whiz bang llc .
the raven had also started off quietly , but the tale certainly ended with a bang .
we went out with a bang last night .
bubba entered the house and slammed the door with a resounding bang .
the person dragging him let his legs go so suddenly that they hit the steps with a loud bang .
the magnet grabbed onto the frame with a bang that startled sam .
i guess he needed more bang for his buck in the small space .
a lot of bang and flash , but no real damage .
it was unseemly to have night-time visitors in belgrave square , especially ones who bang doors loudly at such an ungodly hour .
the internal investigations unit wanted rosenburg bang to rights .
i want this guy bang to rights . '
a loud bang in the background draws harleys attention .
i toss the second flash bang past pasquale and onto the opposing track , firing to keep him pinned .
the two doors shut with a bang echoing somewhat in the small confines of the garage .
you came up too soon and bang , there you go .
joe did n't think he 'd got that bang falling into the water , but he did n't comment on it .
there was a bit of a splash as this bloke hit the water and i think i 'd started closing the doors , when i heard the bang or the boom or whatever you call it .
`` the fire starting suddenly with a bang or a boom ties in with the fire investigation branch 's belief that it started with a flammable agent and a timing device , '' she remarked .
`` must rush off to read through the latest reports on the canal murders , '' she said sweetly , `` i want to be bang up to date for your press conference this afternoon . ''
a very loud bang followed the movement , the noise waves vibrating out of the opening .
he heard the front door bang as his kids filed in from an afternoon of play .
a loud bang sounded at the front door , and we all jumped at the same time .
it slammed with a loud bang .
i had n't been hiking for years-i lived smack bang in the middle of a bustling metropolis-but the memory of the fresh air and the forests suddenly got to me with a pang of powerful nostalgia .
i waited to see blood , to see the flash of a knife , to hear the ear-splitting bang of a gun .
he had said , the second bang will be when the screen door slams .
phuff , bang , and it was gone .
he dropped one of his wrenches and the bang of the metal sounded like a gunshot .
the chains clink and bang against the hard floor before i hear a frustrated humph , which i know is jacob before nicholas frustrated tone overshadows the others grunts .
albert horn wanted to go out with a bang .
when he heard a bang outside yesterday he nearly jumped out of his skin .
the loudness of the bang left me totally disoriented .
world war 2 , which opened with a bang at the beginning of september , had turned into a whimper by the end of october : the phoney war .
there was a loud bang , and i felt something hot in my hand .
she had spent most of her life in the city and sometimes the way of life in small villages made her want to bang her head on the nearest wall .
and the only thing i bang nowadays is my head against the wall whenever i think about my life .
in the book , did hooper bang chief brodys wife ?
taylor placed his hand on kylers noggin to make sure he did n't bang it against the car doorframe .
a loud bang tore through the silence of fear that now clad the defenders , a column of dust billowed as a rumble rose , and in the pandemonium that ensued the turrets by the gate were hurled into ruins , the gate crashed into the city upon the defenders .
when cops arrested someone there , they always said the suspect was bang busted .
a bang at the door jarred me back to reality and i spun around with my arms held in a defensive position .
`` how about the big bang as an explanation ? ''
at least nelly was closing it out with a bang .
i heard the door to the stairwell bang open and a sudden rush of clarity flooded my body .
so , i make sure with my chewing gun that the cowlings do not open up and the engine , it goes bang .
i heard the door bang against the wall .
i bang my fist on my desk .
i got distracted from paying attention by the mess needing to be tackled in the kitchen and was continuing working on it undisturbed until the swinging doors flew open so hard that one of them hit the cabinets with a bang .
that key was trying to bang its way out of my memory storage , and unlock the big question , who is the man behind this operation ?
salford was slap bang in the middle .
that , and the fact that he 'd really enjoyed the last few hours , letting his men and women loose and watching them bang heads together .
the wrought iron table fell to the floor with an ear shattering bang ?
there is no reason for bang to be in your article .
i jumped back as rooster and the other cat bounded out from behind the garbage can , knocking them over with a loud bang in the process .
bitch , im going to fuck your eyeballs out of your skull then bang it against the floor , offering a bleeding for shitting on my nuts jocelyn tears from gerrits hug then stomps towards tucker , sneering .
she was , but since id blasted through organising those files you asked me to set up , and theyre now bang up to date , i chased it up myself .
she wanted to bang on the windows and scream for help , but the music was too loud and windows tinted where no one could see inside .
five minutes later the apartment shook and there was a bang on the door .
the akashic records describe everything that happens here and on other planets and everywhere in the cosmos , including the big bang after which the universe was formed .
i turned to look at a mousy little guy wearing a big bang theory tee shirt .
a middle-aged man in a suit , with a bang of slick dark hair over his forehead , was first , and a young , and rather gorgeous dark-haired beauty was second .
we chucked everything out that we could to lighten the plane and i gunned the starboard engine to clear the cliffs at the coast but there was a large bang from the white-hot engine-cowling soon after and i had to stop it .
i had heard a loud bang from the bathroom .
it suddenly stopped and with a final bang , it died right there in the middle of the busy city street .
a bang echoed through the foyer and annabelle screeched , wrapping her arms around my neck .
there was a loud bang as blaze slammed out the door .
people stand up in a canoe , bang their heads , fall out .
there was a loud bang that stopped my heart a moment .
because boring lasted all of five days , then went out with a bang .
and dammit , dylan was bang on .
there was a breathless moment of silence , as if the house was bracing itself , and then the heavy oak door exploded inward with an almighty bang and a splintering noise .
just be home by six for dinner , she called after us as we rushed out of the house , letting the screen door bang shut behind us .
i let it bang behind me as i entered the house .
i stepped in and was right away , bang , hit on the back of the head !
she would bang on the door or shout out of the window . ''
finished with her gossip , the publican 's wife clattered a few dirty plates onto a tray and departed with a rustle and a bang of the door .
julen slammed the phone down , missed the receiver , cursed , and then another bang , and the line was dead .
blue twisted in the air when the mayor fired , and an inconceivable bang ripped through the room .
he strode down the brick walk , sunlight catching highlights off his thick sandy hair , and let the screen door bang .
then he pointed his finger gun at jack and said quietly , bang .
after about three seconds the arm withdrew the pencil and returned it to the trough on top of the box before it retracted and disappeared from sight with a decisive bang .
suddenly there was a bang and yelling coming from the foyer .
oh , thats a good reason to bang best friends .
chapter three dark eyed portrait a loud bang from upstairs silenced them all .
whoever framed you , and i do believe you were framed , did a bang up job , right down from the embezzlement to the murder .
`` only one shot , i think , and echoes , and that sharp sound like the crack of a whip that you hear right before the bang . ''
`` crack , bang , and then echoes , '' joe said .
hey man talk.. ysee that and some noises , some thudding , some scraping then a bang and silence .
she paused to bang her fist down onto the corner of arphallo 's desk .
anyway , they show me into this room with an offensive fruit-salad duvet cover and what looks to be a negative thread-count , and im about to ask if theyve got a spare double when i realise how tired i am so i just collapse into bed and bang lights out .
and i think , big deal , there are mosques in london , but i look towards where shes pointing and bang !
i dont just bang my hands on the keyboard and words come out in the right order , you know , there is some skill involved .
there was a bang at the door , and some worried voices from outside .
there was a bang on the door , and a shout .
i pull the trigger , in my head i see me pull the trigger but , bang , a fist pounds on glass .
without a silencer the screams are mauled by the bang .
maybe we should bang on his door and kick him out .
`` mr. langdon , '' vittoria said , turning , `` i assume you are familiar with the big bang theory ? ''
the big bang , he knew , was the scientifically accepted model for the creation of the universe .
`` when the catholic church first proposed the big bang theory in 1927 , the - `` `` i 'm sorry ? ''
`` you say the big bang was a catholic idea ? ''
hubble only confirmed it by gathering the hard evidence that proved the big bang was scientifically probable . ''
`` when lematre first proposed the big bang theory , '' vittoria continued , `` scientists claimed it was utterly ridiculous .
so , when hubble shocked the world by scientifically proving the big bang was accurate , the church claimed victory , heralding this as proof that the bible was scientifically accurate .
`` of course scientists did not appreciate having their discoveries used by the church to promote religion , so they immediately mathematicized the big bang theory , removed all religious overtones , and claimed it as their own .
`` better said , he recreated the big bang . ''
recreating the big bang ?
he proved not only that matter can be created from nothing , but that the big bang and genesis can be explained simply by accepting the presence of an enormous source of energy . ''
`` director , science claims the same thing as religion , that the big bang created everything in the universe with an opposite . ''
`` my father was fascinated with the physics of the big bang - large amounts of energy from minuscule kernels of matter . ''
consider this a chance to go out with a bang . ''
he showed you an antimatter annihilation - the big bang - the power of creation .
`` i was only going to say that there 's no need to go out with a bang . ''
went out with a bang , do n't you think ? ''
he raised his hand to bang on the glass , but out of the darkness below , a figure appeared , striding up the curving staircase .
i was n't looking forward to reopening the conversation about what i 'd done , though we 'd opened our meeting with a bang .
denton entered , flipping the door wide with a bang .
with a bang , the suv 's rear hatch flew open .
throughout history , the circumpunct has been all things to all people -- it is the sun god ra , alchemical gold , the all-seeing eye , the singularity point before the big bang , the -- '' `` the great architect of the universe . ''
their mouths fit perfectly together-they did n't bang teeth once .
aria 's heart started to bang .
there was a creak and then a bang .
then spencer heard the laundry room door bang and saw melissa storming around the side of the house toward the driveway .
her heart began to bang .
a brisk wind made the gate bang .
the big bang , they all said .
a bang thundered from downstairs .
30 life ends with a bang , not a whimper the room began to fill with black , curling smoke .
rather , the bang had been the slam of the room 's heavy metal door as dr. brooks threw herself against it and turned the lock .
`` then they lost their good taste with a bang , '' i said .
i did n't hear edward bang on the door , i felt the vibration of it .
my heart stopped beating for a moment as i waited for his assurance that it was all a misunderstanding , that i did n't bang a stranger , because one-night stands were n't my thing .
all the defense has to do is pick apart one case , find discrepancies with one murder , and bang , the other cases are tainted by association .
she heard the noise when the crossbar fell to the ground and hit the side of the door with a bang .
he got out , being careful not to bang his left hand .
i tell you to bill me , that it 's for me , and bang , you figure out that it 's personal . ''
i mean , i 'm standing in front of you , i 'm asking you directly , and you come up , bang , on the spot , no time to think , with , 'who wants to know ? '
the door slammed shut with a bang .
i bang my knee on the side of the car and twist my ankle on the hard ground .
`` it looks like you 'll be turning fifty-five with a bang . ''
heart in her throat , emma waited for the door to open and bang into the oak bureau , but then drake let out a yelping bark , and the doorknob turned back into place .
the bang of a door echoed through the cement cavern .
`` i thought i heard a bang .
his front door opened with a bang , and cade raced into the foyer , a look of horror on his face .
epilogue the daily post the bachelor blog ladies and gentlemen , due to unforeseen circumstances this is the last installment of the bachelor blog , but let it be said we ended with a bang .
i hung up the phone with a hysterical bang .
i bang around on the walls , but nothing works .
the music starts again once the plates are cleared , and i make my way to the dance floor for `` black dog '' and bang my head , which makes james laugh .
a boom , bust , and bang economy .
a way to send this town out with a bang . '
they 'd been flash and bang from the first moment they 'd met .
just as he pushed off with his long legs , there was a loud bang on the door .
a second later a loud bang echoed in the pool hall underneath them as the door was forced open .
they made their way down the fire escape quickly , causing only the occasional clang or bang as they hurried .
ty was watching his brother , smiling slightly as deuce let the screen door bang shut .
another bang and thump against the door followed by what sounded like a shout of pain made him jump back , and he looked up at the door , heart hammering in his throat .
there was a bang and a rattle like plastic rolling across tile , and then ty shouted : `` where is it ? ''
there was another bang , and cameron squeezed into a tighter ball as the door flew open .
they stormed down the steps , every bang and clang of the stairwell putting julian 's teeth on edge .
he heard ty 's head bang against the door behind him .
the flash and bang were gone , but the desire had grown into something less glitzy and more intense .
there was a bang from the back and a curtain behind the bar wavered .
`` you want to bang something too , sonny , you can borrow my shovel ! ''
there was a bang and crash from the kitchen , and voices began to echo up the steps .
`` i would n't bang any of them either , '' i pointed out .
this shit stuck in his craw when he was living with her even if , while living with her , he got to bang her .
only debbie would end what had to be , from her disposition , a dry spell by letting a shady real estate mogul bang her .
i do n't know if you 're lettin ' him bang you for the fun of it or if you see rings in your future .
conversely , although ally could head bang with the best , she was a white hat type of gal .
she 'd cut off a couple of inches so my hair just brushed past my shoulders , gave me a deep thick bang that was parted well to the side and looked almost sexy .
i sucked in breath and wished there was something to bang my head on , a wall , a floor , a very hard rock .
we kept going , slower this time , and only stopped when we crashed into something else with a loud bang and more crunching steel .
anytime you 'd fall over , bang yourself on something , you 'd always go running to him - '' i shook my head and kitty sue stopped talking .
this was because she was religious and wanted to wait until after marriage ( fishy , because who did that anymore ? -especially when she was letting him bang her ; god could see all , so it was n't like she was pulling one over on the big guy ) .
with a grimace i set the phone away from me and leaned against the counter , half tempted to bang my head against the granite just to see if it would knock any sense into my brain .
a loud bang resonates through the auditorium , and then another , and i see niklas and dorian entering from two different sides below , both with their guns raised and pointed right at the figure .
a single shot goes off with a vociferous bang and a flash of light dies in front of niklas , but his gun too is sent flying .
grabbing both sides of her head , a bang sounds when i bash the back of her skull against the floor .
placing both hands on the lever handle running horizontally across the door , i give it a heavy shove and it swings open , hitting the brick wall behind it with a bang that echoes through the stairwell far out ahead of us .
she wanted to bang the handset on the ground in frustration .
`` after the big bang , the universe blew outward , spreading in all directions .
a loud bang drew lorna 's attention to the exit .
she heard connor bang open the door to the bathroom off the dayroom , searching for her .
papa ... somewhere out in the gallery , something fell with a loud bang , sounding like a gunshot , a reminder of a past , of a hunt across the sands .
it had been postulated that there might be asteroids or comets in the vacuum of space composed of antimatter , left over from the big bang .
such bombs would tap into the very energies birthed during the big bang . ''
the loud bang a moment ago had startled the ukufa .
still , as he 'd hoped , the loud bang of the door drew the second cat .
they had almost reached the far end of the vivarium when monk heard the double doors bang open behind them .
as the hand exploded , the flash of the charge outlined his fingers against his eyelids , and the bang stabbed into his head .
the assailants were momentarily confused as monk continued to bang his shovels .
overhead , a loud bang clapped the air , sharp enough to sting .
and although it makes up seventy percent of all energy left after the big bang , we still do n't know what it is , where it comes from , only that it 's a fundamental property of existence .
then with a final loud bang on his drum , temur turned to them .
there was a disconcerting bang from belowdecks , but nothing on his panel went red .
the only reply was the hiss of the deck hatch opening and the bang as it closed behind the descending mechanic .
the microwave background from inside the ring was older than the big bang .
as an additional precaution , knowing he might encounter guerrilla forces , he wanted something extra in his back pocket , something with a little more bang .
such small amounts require him to directly contaminate a primary source in order to ensure suitable germination and propagation-but how do you get the most bang for your buck in such a scenario ?
opening the screen door , he used his fist to bang far more loudly and decisively than she would have dared .
manuel threw his cell phone across the car seat and heard it bang against the opposite door .
when he 'd started out , he 'd sort of hoped the trip would end that way , that he 'd go out with a bang instead of wasting away on dope .
it crashed against the wall with a bang that reverberated through the house just before the sound of a second shot , this one coming from the bad guys .
then he waited to see if his father would come down and bang on the door , because if that happened , he 'd cry , and crying would only make his dad yell and say bad words .
but since she was n't after geordie specifically , she could just bang on the door until someone answered .
when they emerged into the living room , madeline shut the door with a resounding bang .
a bang woke madeline from a deep sleep .
the resulting bang had nearly made her cry out .
the images and sensations she worked so hard to avoid seemed to bang around inside her head .
when she heard a large bang , grace knew madeline had managed to jimmy the drawer open and cringed at the thought of jed finding it like that in the morning .
the bang of the front door told her he had n't left .
then he heard a bang loud enough to wake the dead .
the gritty feel of the bricks behind her seeped into kalyna 's consciousness , and the temptation to bang her head began to well up like bile .
she could n't bang or scratch or pull , not in tati 's presence .
he kicked a small metal file cabinet , causing another resounding bang .
`` if he 's drunk he might get in your face- '' `` i said i wo n't touch him , '' cain repeated and hung up just as robert threw open the front door and let it bang against the wall .
she was about to bang on the trapdoor when she remembered the white fabric she 'd noticed before she was imprisoned .
her fists felt like twenty-pound weights as she lifted them to bang against the trapdoor .
he 'd even had the manager check the lot for his hummer and go down and bang on the door of his cabin .
i 'm biding my time until i can go bang on the gate and get in there with her . ''
`` you also never thought he would bang a stripper , when i know for a fact he used to do that very thing on a regular basis .
there 's a bang from somewhere but no one responds .
a loud bang , and i walk up to the dead body , slowly pulling the buttons i 've counted for years off his shirt , one by one .
there 's a bang from the stairway and when i turn around i expect to see river there .
i almost bang my head on the glass just to get it to stop .
i start to chase after him , but pause at the sound of a loud bang from inside one of the nearby rooms .
as layton continues to bang on the door and yell at me , i sink to the floor and rest my head back .
things started off with a bang and then went south .
trust meredith to go out with a bang , not a whimper .
he marched to the door and yanked it open , and then beth heard the front door bang behind him .
there was the sound of a scuffle , voices raised in protest , and the bang of another door .
hart heard a loud bang , then shards of stone flew from the wall beside him .
i 've been handling a gun , man and boy , these nearly seventy years ... '' the last of his words were lost in a bang and a roar .
an impossibly loud bang and crash of glass sounded , followed by pounding footsteps , then a shrill voice shrieking in punjabi , and a man 's bellow .
the bang and crash turned out to have been a glass-doored breakfront in the drawing room , now lying facedown , the glass smashed .
mademoiselle violette must have rigged a block of wood or something to bang against a wall or another block , to make a hollow , rapping sound .
his hand remained in hers as she towed him along , and his warm strength came to her , making bertie 's heart bang in a strange way .
the middle and inner temples consisted of narrow lanes of rigid brick buildings , all with fine-painted doors and windows , all holding barristers and clerks working their hearts out to bang up criminals like bertie , her father , and jeffrey .
the guests streamed outside-into the freezing cold and snow , no less-to watch fireworks bang and sparkle against the sky .
`` we can bang up maloney for assault , attempted kidnapping , paying a known criminal , coercion , and numerous other things .
her uncle turned , and a loud bang echoed around her , like the backfire of a car .
right between the eyes , bang .
then the shutters started to bang again .
he was talking about an article he 'd written , something about behavioral regression , and she wanted to just drop her head and bang it on the table .
she mimed holding a rifle and shouted , `` bang ! ''
like that old quote about the world ending with a whimper , not a bang .
he wanted to bang his head against the wall behind him and knock the images right the fuck out .
`` would you guys just bang each other and get it over with ? ''
on the jukebox behind me , the pogues had at some point given way to the waterboys ' `` do n't bang the drum . ''
i heard him bang something hard .
i resisted the urge to bang my swelling head against the desktop .
the guy who came out of the alley after her wore a suit and a white skimmer and walked in the opposite direction , whistling , and joe had the irrational urge to get out of the car , chase the guy down , and bang his head off one of the brick buildings lining fourteenth .
`` if you leave me to go bang some guy ? ''
usually i have lo bang on my door and tell the guy to beat it .
i bang on my keys and he edges out of my space , the weight of his arm gone .
as the doors shut , i bang the back of head on the wall .
you would rather go through withdrawals and bang some a**hole than sleep with me ? ''
seth winked at him , and the other guys chuckled like they thought he might bang the girl right then and there .
i 'd bang marco moretti in a dirty alleyway in front of a dumpster when it was raining with a football stadium full of people watching . ''
i do n't know what to do , so i bang on the window , trying to get him to stop .
i bang so hard that my palm starts to sting , but he shakes his head , keeps his focus out through the front window , and tells the driver to leave .
i bang on that barrier until the entire house , or maybe the entire street , can hear me .
i bang louder , hearing the wood splinter in the door frame .
i wonder if marina would let me bang her in the back seat .
he dropped the silverware he was holding , and it clanged to the tabletop with a bang .
`` well gee , gretchen , i did n't think you 'd want to bang the guy . ''
there was a bang at the top of the stairs .
`` i 'm going to my room , so i do n't bang your knee while you 're sleeping , '' he stated , easing the down comforter over me before kissing my forehead .
i was searching for a shirt to wear , when a loud bang suddenly drew my attention .
peyton produced a triumphant smile , and proceeded to bang on serena 's door .
right as i walked by , he clutched his desk with both hands and thrust his h*ps up , making the font legs of the desk bang off the floor a couple inches provocatively .
whatever haunts him was doing a bang up job last night .
tank top and panties ; doing a bang up job of hiding nothing .
my center that i 'm sure is doing a bang up job at leaving a wet spot on his leg .
when i finish , i drop my fork , jumping when it makes a loud clatter against the plate and table before falling onto the floor with a loud bang .
`` you live in new york for another year , '' he said , staring at the nearest wall like he wanted to bang his head against it .
i glance over at him , wondering who would bang on the door this early .
i force my gaze up and smile at him again , even though i 'd rather bang my head on a rock .
mr. woodall was a short , balding man who liked to bang a large pointer on the blackboard to get our attention before he pulled down his chart of the periodic table and started poking at that instead .
whatever do you- '' he 's interrupted by a wall of sound as all doors down the hallway suddenly swing open and bang against their walls .
`` and i think we should commit to it , go out with a bang .
i resisted the urge to bang my head on the fence .
i heard zack and katie walking and then the door to the stairs shut with a bang .
lottie a bang against my door woke me from a half sleep .
the bang sounded again , so i got up and looked out the peephole .
the knock turned into a bang , and then there was a commotion .
they ended the song with a bang and everyone laughed .
the laugh turned into a cough and i wondered if i should get off the couch and bang on his back or something .
she said , raising her hand to bang me on the back .
there was another bang on the door , so i took a deep breath , opened the door dramatically and struck a pose .
chapter nine darrell the last chunks of gravel were still hitting the ground when neil , chewing on a pastry , asked , `` so , did you bang her ? ''
and i watched him lift it over his head and bang it down on the curb , until it was in pieces , and i knew i would n't be able to afford another one .
wo n't be the first time i bang a nameless face .
i bang on the door again .
blake 's leaning against the brick wall outside milena 's house while i bang the f**king door down .
i 'm here to find a chick ... or two ... who i can take home and bang until i pass out from dehydration . ''
the best way to get over a girl is to bang as many chicks as humanly possible in one night ?
admit that i roofied the hottest chick in school so the boys and me could gang bang her ?
a bang rang out , her footsteps faltering as she swung in the direction of the noise , spotting a faint glow of light in the distance .
besides , i 'm not saying you should bang her , but there 's nothing wrong with making friends . ''
she fell and scurried away as he stalked toward her , the bang of the door being forced open her saving grace .
a loud bang rang out in the kitchen , and salvatore sighed .
a loud whistling sounded out at that moment , followed by a thunderous bang .
there was another loud whistle , and she looked in the direction of it as the bang rang out with a burst of color .
as she opened the front door , she was about to call out for carmine when there was a bang in the kitchen .
confusion hit him when nothing happened-no loud bang , no piercing scream , no blood .
`` we did n't bang , '' carmine said .
a loud bang rang out in the distance .
he jumped off the porch and landed on top of haven as another bang shattered the air .
the loud bang of a gunshot ringing out in the distance .
corrado stood after the final bang of the gavel , ignoring the incessant shouting and name-calling from the gallery as he shook mr. borza 's hand .
then there was nothing but the loud bang of the gunshot as the man shoved the pistol in her mouth and pulled the trigger , forever silencing her .
the bang of a gunshot ripped through the night air and carmine recoiled , realizing his father had pulled the trigger .
carmine 's head thumped ferociously with every loud bang as the frantic explosion of gunfire lit up the yard .
i wanted to bang my head off the dashboard .
i 'm sorry , not screw her , bang her .
like it was no big deal , just announced , `` i 'm gon na go bang my girl , '' and left without another word .
innocent , naive cassidy got dumped by her boyfriend because she would n't have sex with him ; let 's see how long it 'll take me to bang her . ''
mac and henry stomped loudly up the stairs after their fridge binge , and i heard a bang as something hit the wall , then a muffled `` ouch '' before the bathroom door slammed .
satisfied with the exchange , she got up to bang down the bathroom door and i went to my room to check my phone .
chapter twelve we were smack bang inside the heart of the sydney police centre , sitting in the designated waiting area .
a bang came from the front doorway , announcing the return of justin and rufus from their walk .
a loud bang on the door interrupted our chat .
another bang came at the door , this time from henry .
i had to provide exactly the right amount of flirt , say just the right thing to lead them to believe they had a chance in this life and their next to bang me .
i laugh , but my laugh is cut short by a loud bang on my bedroom door .
and then i hear something , too , and my heart starts to bang violently against my ribs , reverberating through my bones and into my ears .
then i hear a loud thump and a bang as the two of them disappear somewhere inside the hidden room .
i hear ryke bang his head against a pipe .
i 'd bang lils though .
if i was going to get chopped into tiny pieces , at least i 'd go out with a bang .
i 'll bang anything with big boobs and a negative iq , mr .
i was about to bang my head on the steering wheel and scream in frustration , when a lightbulb went off .
`` after she left the next morning , i was bragging to ridge about finally getting to bang a virgin .
a loud bang sounded from somewhere in the house ; brute faltered in rhythm .
another bang , then empty air .
a bang came from the bedroom .
there was a bang from the porch and seconds later tawny barged in .
all of a sudden , a loud bang and the sound of glass breaking , split through the room .
i 'd never wanted to bang a chick more than once in my life ; it was confusing .
i bang on the drums a little harder , teasing her , and she rolls her eyes and laughs .
my heart started to bang around in my chest at the thought but i nodded tremulously .
the last thing i needed was to split my skirt open or bang up my knee , or worse , embarrass myself in front of him .
i 'm awoken by a bang in the kitchen and then a loud voice cursing .
found anyone you want to bang yet ? ''
a bang on the door announces her return .
she slammed the door with a loud bang .
i bang it with my fist , and start to cry .
i walk outside , run next door , and bang on his front door too hard .
it closed with a loud bang .
you ca n't act like you did n't try to bang her . ''
the door opened with a loud bang ; then running feet came toward us .
there was a loud bang and then crash .
i was holding my breath , waiting for the loud bang that would kill kai .
there 's a loud bang and then a crack , like bones splitting into pieces .
i laugh as seth continues to bang on the door .
rising my h*ps upward to take my jeans and panties off , i accidentally bang my head on the roof .
i trip over some stuff on my floor and manage to bang my hip into the one of my drums , and then i finally stumble into the bed .
`` true , '' ethan agrees , following her in and letting the screen door bang shut .
i bang on asia 's door like a lunatic and i honestly have no idea what i 'm going to say , because everything sounds nuts .
i bang on the old wood so hard that the glittery sign amber has placed above the door falls on my head and then tumbles to the carpet .
i want to bang my fists into his chest and have him pull me into his arms and tell me that everything will be all right , but i ca n't break down like that .
my fists bang into his chest and i 'm screaming .
`` ready to bang this guy ? ''
pressing my fingers to my temples , i try to fight off the compulsion to bang my head into the wall .
i bang my forehead against the door and let the cold metal freeze my brain .
and when she did , it landed on the porch with a bang that echoed in the overhang and the next thing that happened was her open palm meeting my face .
at that , the toast in the toaster popped with a loud bang and i nearly jumped out of my skin .
`` i 'm right next to you in 110 , so just call or knock or bang on the wall if you need me . ''
i hear the water from the shower shut off , and seconds later a loud bang vibrates through the wall .
a stall door will open and shut with an obnoxious bang every few seconds as people come and go .
but then bang , andrew 's reaction to it causes his head to dart up and hit the underside of the hood .
the glass door closed behind me with a loud bang and i walked to my next class , wondering how long i 'd be able to resist him .
the steel gray door flung open with a bang as jack walked out grinning .
i stormed into my room before slamming the door shut with a loud bang .
the door opened with a loud bang and jack walked out , a cautious smile on his face .
`` do n't ever bang on my f**king bar again , a**hole , '' she says , but there 's a smile under her words , i can tell .
`` you know you love it when i bang you . ''
the door closed with a bang behind nix and startled me .
did you already bang her ?
`` well , what 's the point of being a rock star if i ca n't bang the groupies ? ''
i vaguely heard the rocker say , `` hey , sweetie , i 'm available , if you want to bang me next ?
so , you really did n't bang him ? ''
`` sluts that bang old men age in dog years , did n't you know ? ''
i bang my head back against the headboard .
i 'm going to go and pick up the hottest chick i can find , and bang her - multiple times .
i bang my fist on the table , hard .
i bang my hands against my forehead , forcing him out , but he wo n't go .
i wished i had five more doors to bang through , but i guess that would 've impeded my stomp toward my apartment .
i gave the door a loud bang and told them to get the f**k out .
if it 's all clear , bang the shit out of it . ''
i bang on the door and he did n't answer .
tommy left it with a bang .
he lived it with a bang . ''
sunday breakfast went out of the gates with a bang .
he opened his mouth to say something , but a loud bang made his breath catch .
my boyfriend of three years was not breaking up with me so he could bang coeds with shameless abandon .
i sighed , wanting to bang my head on the steering wheel , which was n't the best idea while driving seventy miles an hour .
`` we wo n't get a damned thing decided-and at least half of us will kill the first person to bang that gavel . ''
a scream escapes my chapped lips and i bang my palm against the wall behind me .
the idea that i was a pity bang flashes in my mind and my tears turn to big , wet , ugly sobs .
he shook his head and wanted to bang it on the table in frustration .
annoyingly real and torturously resonant , the pain of knowing that by trying to do the right thing she had only hurt so many others was the kind of stupidity she wished she could bang out of herself , one blow at the time , by flinging her body onto the jagged rocks at the bottom of a cliff .
`` i wanted to make sure that you did n't bang your head too hard .
who would bang on my door this early on a weekend ?
`` maybe we can bang out the finer details later ?
the door to the room flew open and connected with the wall with a loud bang causing the room to slightly vibrate and pulling me from my thoughts .
that he was n't out to bang the new quiet college girl .
watch out he has a ... '' the bang from the gun stopped any other words from leaving my throat .
then i race downstairs , and bang on hayden 's door , hoping to hell she has n't left yet for work .
i 'm ready to stalk on over to the stage and bang my head against the damn floor boards .
i groan and bang my head several times against the back of the seat as i bite off a string of curse words .
`` yeah , they want to bang me .
`` i 'm sure it 's hard for you to comprehend anyone who does n't bang everything that moves !
i 'm waiting for nate to get home and bang me ! ! !
he had started into the living room when a bang at the basement door caused him to jump and almost drop everything .
pesh jerked his head up at the loud bang behind him .
`` once you bang that gavel , pesh is officially your daddy , and you are mason nadeen . ''
clutching at the wheel for support , i ignored the need to bang my head against it in the hope it would shake some sense into me .
you ca n't just bang her and leave .
lily chose this moment to bang on the tray of her high chair , sending cheerios everywhere .
a loud bang sounded at my door , startling me so much that i almost dropped the nearly empty pint on the floor .
except i had heard him say those words every day before going off to bang charity .
i totally wanted to bang my head against his glass walls until they crashed .
these were the thoughts that ran through mairi 's head as she tried not to bang pots in damen 's ultra-modern kitchen .
he wanted to bang his head against the steering wheel to clear it , but instead he drove on , silently urging the already light traffic to become nonexistent .
`` sorry , but when i heard bang and hard , i was a lost cause .
i think he 'd more likely bang someone random , anyway , '' he said thoughtfully , making me slightly aggravated .
made sure to close the front door with a bang too . '
'while you bang banker boy ?
in frustration i bang the ballerina with the side of my fist .
i can tell by her body 's reactions but i want to finish her off with a bang , so i lower my mouth and suck her clit .
this is a real bang for your buck , multi-purpose , you know , not just for defense .
and given a choice , i 'd rather go out with an orgasmic bang .
ask multiple girls to come backstage , line them up , and check out their tits and asses to see which one you 'd want to take into the green room and bang ?
`` you 're supposed to bang the hell out of it . ''
yet when jax said this morning that he wanted to go out with a bang for this last show , a strange uneasiness settled over me .
we were supposed to go out with a bang .
i snarled a stream of profanity into my mic and ended the song with a bang .
do you want to bang over there behind the market banner ? ''
i hoped he 'd say , no , but let 's go bang back at the four seasons .
just bang her and get it over with . ''
`` i 'm not going to bang her .
not because i 'm thinking of hooking up with her-even if she were the hottest supermodel , i would n't bang her .
for example , although part of me is sitting here thinking , wow here 's this amazingly smart and sexy woman and i really want to get to know her better , there 's still that other part of me that 's thinking i want to take her back to my place and bang her until she ca n't walk straight . ''
`` if you do n't bang her soon , you two are going to wind up in the supreme court , '' adam joked .
i 'm going to bang you so long tonight they 'll send out a search party for you , '' he said , pulling his shirt down over the evidence of his healthy maleness and heading off to get the food .
as soon as he was inside i shut the door with a bang behind him , spun around , and faced him furiously .
he darted past me without a word and entered his own apartment , shutting the door with a bang .
under most circumstances , though , i find it hard to doze off next to half-naked women who i want to bang . ''
maybe i 'll bang you up against the wall . ''
`` so , it 's more than just wanting to bang her ? ''
not ones that you just bang and kick out .
because sooner or later i just know i 'm gon na bang you on the table . ''
i wanted to bang my fist into the wall .
the front door closes with a bang , and i sink my fingers into my hair .
i fold the note over and shove it in a drawer with a bang .
i bang on the door and fidget while i wait for her to answer .
she glanced at brad , took in his the big bang theory tee shirt with a picture of sheldon front and center , shook her head , and groaned .
he 'd gone from a man on his knees to a man that was practically skipping because he knew he was going to bang me on my desk .
the door flew open with a bang , making samantha jump up and me fall over sideways off the stool .
even though it was longer than my dragon fang , it did n't scrape the ground when i walked , and with the tie at my thigh , it did n't bang around like i had expected it to .
`` you had a fucking bet going on whether or not i 'd bang zack ? ''
`` it 's not because i 'm thinking of who next i might bang , because there 's nobody .
she 's not going to be another of your one-night bang buddies .
i heard a loud bang coupled with one very comprehensible f-bomb shouted as the car started to take me down .
giving the green light on the bang time is all that matters , baby . ''
how many articles you think i need to write to bang a chick that out of my league ? ''
i was planning to bang her when she quits , but you can have her , if you 're so inclined .
he could slam it against the tree , bang it hard and unleash this coiled ball of anger eating up his chest , but that would n't do him a lick of good .
as if i was going to just hike up my dress and bang him right then and there ! ''
grabbing pans from the stove , i knock them against the trashcan , dislodging the food before tossing them on the counter , not caring about the noise they make as they bang against the marble countertops .
i bang on the door , impatiently , and listen as there 's rustling inside .
i bang my head against the tile , pain shooting through my skull .
i 'm caught off guard , hitting the tile with a bang .
`` you can still bang him when you 're single . ''
`` if she does n't bang you tonight , i will . ''
i pray we do n't wake julianne as we trip , kissing , up the driveway , and then bang into the side of the garage , where ansel slides his hands up under my dress and beneath my underwear , begging me to let him feel me .
i winced on my third steering wheel head bang .
the fact that i remembered the kind of glass made me want to bang my head off the bar top .
i wanted to bang my forehead off the bar and cry .
nibbling on my lower lip , i let her words bang around what was going on in my head .
the cool wood feels soothing against my forehead as i gently bang my head against my desk .
twenty-two water now i wake with the loud bang outside my open kitchen window .
`` was n't hard to figure out what that loud bang was against my wall when you did n't answer my next text , '' trent murmurs , an amused smirk on his face .
dan has had to bang on their door more than once to tell them to keep it down .
i 'm about to yell at her to get away when i hear a click , followed by bang and a howl of pain .
`` we fight , or we bang .
`` how long until you bang someone up there after hours ? ''
second , i ca n't bang finn , but i also ca n't spend every free second at my parents ' house .
`` he does n't bang hockey muffs , '' oliver says , mildly offended .
i want to feel you quiver with pleasure , and maybe we bang the headboard into the wall a few times .
there was a bang on the door .
the bang bounced around the quiet room .
i wanted to bang my head against the wall in frustration .
i heard my front door open and close with an angry bang .
flynn turned up the volume on the radio and i wanted to bang my head against the dashboard .
i quickly logged out of my computer and slammed it closed with a decisive bang .
i read the same sentence at least a dozen times before i closed the notebook with a decisive bang .
and while i still felt the aftermath of my heartache , this would be no rebound bang .
i was doing a bang up job of making the people around me feel like crap lately .
`` i want to bang you so bad ! ''
it smashed with a satisfying bang on the opposite wall .
if i had n't been ready to bail before now , this awkward titty show was the final nail in this unsuccessful bag and bang .
i wanted to bang my head into the wall .
i strode across the floorboards and flung my bedroom door open , wincing when it hit the wall with a bang .
i closed my american history book with a bang and moved across the room slowly until i was beside the bed .
not that i was doing a bang up job anywhere else in my life .
i closed the locker with a bang and gathered up my book bag and water bottle .
i shut my laptop with a bang , and i would n't be surprised if it never blinked to life again .
i scoop kenny into my arms and take her back to the bedroom , then put some smooth jazz on `` repeat , '' so loud i ca n't hear myself think-and wo n't hear molly bang on the wall .
a loud clatter erupts from outside , followed by a bang against the front door .
`` i 'd still bang you if you were dead . ''
carson is wondering if i 'll mind that he 's about to break the house rules and bang a few coeds-and carter wants to flog my ass for keeping him longer than necessary .
a bang emits from behind followed by footsteps , and we turn to find beverly and dad storming the room with their suitcases .
i fumble with the key and spin roxy as we crash into the apartment with a bang .
we have n't slept together since last summer , and i know , just by looking at him , that he would n't lack for willing bodies to bang , should he so choose .
i bang on the sliding glass door , but there is still no answer and no movement inside .
i jog upstairs to her apartment and bang on her door , but there 's no answer , and no movement inside .
at this point i 've regained enough control in my hand that i could probably bang something out on the piano if i tried , but it would never be what it used to be , what it should be .
just as another bang rang out , lighting up the once dark bedroom .
a loud bang was heard on the door .
i fought the urge to bang my head against the wall as i waited .
i used to bang her . ''
i could bang for that .
whimpering , i slid down until i was on the floor and let my head bang back against the door a few times , trying to lodge something logical into my brain .
a loud bang clamored in my ears .
sometimes you have to bang your head against the ground before you finally realize the way is n't down but up .
visions of her dancing in front of me on two legs that worked flooded my mind until i wanted to bang my head against the wall .
i was half-tempted to bang my head against the brick wall too .
i needed something to distract me from wanting to bang my head against the wall .
thump , thump , thump , bang !
then i hear a scuffle inside , a loud bang against the door and something similar to glass shattering against the floor inside .
both of my hands come down on the table , a loud bang resonating within the room .
my heart started to bang against my rib cage .
the stall door shut with a vociferous bang !
footsteps above me , muffled voices , and no one responds when i bang on the door .
his chair hits the wall with a bang .
when they finally came together , they collided with a bang .
not a second passes before it opens with a jarring bang as the security chain stops it from extending all the way .
opening drawers with a racket , gathering my work wear and closing the drawers with a bang , i stomp over to the bathroom , muttering , `` i 'm not scared of a little cat .
it all comes out with a bang .
i smiled when i saw sheldon from big bang theory on the screen .
`` bang against the wall . ''
`` i 'll try not to bang your wrists up too much this time . ''
i thought back to the loud bang we 'd heard at the waterfall .
there was a loud bang as if he punched something .
no answer so i bang again , after a few minutes the door opens and cooper is standing there wearing only a towel and his hair is wet .
cooper used to bang random girls all the time , and then something changed between him and jaylinn while we were away at school .
then i heard a loud bang and mom shouting at him to stop destroying the house .
i had just started dozing off when i was woken by a loud bang .
i know he was kidding around and shit when he said he bang her but maybe it was n't so much of a joke after all .
i bang my fist against the steering wheel and toss my phone on the passenger seat .
i bang on it , `` jaylinn , '' nothing , complete silence .
i hear another bang of a door being slammed shut a little closer again this time and then cooper roaring , `` where the f**k is she ? ''
i get to the steps that lead up to the second floor when i hear the sliding glass door bang shut .
i thought for a few seconds , listening to angus bang around his room , presumably looking for something .
shock made him drop his straw as i fought the urge to bang my head on the table .
i fought the urge to bang my head on the wall , but no time for that-rob would be here in twenty minutes , and i was spending the evening with his parents , a task that seemed fucking impossible .
most guys would be like , it does , i still want to bang you .
he ca n't possibly be jealous , given that the whole fucking interwebz would like to bang him wearing nothing but a tool belt and work boots .
while i 'd definitely bang her , i did n't want her living in my room .
i heard him bang out of the bathroom and rummage around the bedroom for a few minutes .
she 'd set me up in the kitchen with wooden spoons and two or three pots to bang on .
`` and back then you wanted to bang lauren , so ... '' i pretended to duck as he came toward me , but he bent down to kiss my nose instead of getting defensive .
when the door closed with a fierce bang , i flipped on the overhead light and finally looked at my older brother .
`` you mean , you 'd like to bang alice ? ''
`` well , i do n't know if i 'd use the phrase bang , perhaps , but she 's quite a foxy young lady . ''
i bang on the metal door a few times .
finally i bang on the raised privacy screen , but there 's no response .
`` you can not finger bang me here , '' she insists .
when i reach the fifth one , it 's locked , so i bang my fist against the heavy wood .
there 's no response , so i bang on the door harder , slamming my shoulder into the wood .
i lock it and she starts to bang on it , shouting for me to open up , but i ignore her and flop down on the dirty mattress .
his lips tip up into a smile and i follow him , letting the door bang shut behind me .
well , i 'm glad my parents do n't want to have a makeup dinner for me , '' i say , ignoring the bang as nikko bumps into one of the cymbals .
then i bang on the door .
i bang my elbow on the wall on the way out of the tiny bathroom then stub my toe on the foot of the bed because there are only about six inches between it and the doorway .
i manage to bang on the door one time before i crumple to the ground , staining the cement with my blood as i stare up at the sky .
`` i think maybe we could- '' a loud bang from inside the house silences both of us .
i jump out of the way and bang my hip on the door .
i had no right to bang on that door like a f**king controlling , obsessed lunatic ...
violet i want to bang my head against the wall .
there 's a deafening bang as he probably rams himself into the door .
there 's a moment where i feel safe as he holds onto my hand , but then i hear the bang .
ryler smiles as he lets the door shut behind him , then his hands move in front of him as he signs , hey , it was better than letting you come up with an explanation as to why you flirted the f**k out of him the entire night , but are n't going to let him bang you in the backroom .
i remain quiet to the point that it feels like i want to bang my head on the wall just to make some noise .
violet dances like a mix between a ballerina and one of those rocker chicks that can head bang in the most elegant way ever .
xoxo i dropped the phone on the table , causing a loud bang .
if he wants to bang married women and be hunted down by their pissed off husbands , well that 's his problem , not ours . ''
i had every right to be able to bang any girl i wanted to at this party .
she was n't amused by me thinking that i was able to bang anyone i wanted , including her , even if she did n't know it yet .
it figured that one of the first girls i actually wanted to bang again wished it never happened .
hell , maybe he would take elle out back where i was assaulted and bang her up against the brick wall .
he was going to bang me right here on the steps .
while wiping down all of the tables , i heard a loud bang from the direction that ramsey had gone .
who i bang is not your concern . ''
if they are n't out cheating , they are thinking about who they can bang next . ''
i guess he thought that if she got back with me he would n't get to bang anymore . ''
you bang on it , and you 'll see my fist down your throat .
she was n't some slut that i picked up to bang .
`` i think i 'd rather head to the beach , get f**ked up , and bang some chick i do n't even know . ''
the pocket protector with two perfectly sharpened pencils , a tiny notepad , and calculator wedged inside , screaming the big bang theory meets revenge of the nerds .
she heard the bang of a door opening and blinked , trying to get her bearings .
`` the same reason you go out there , bang the brains off some dude , get hurt and keep looking for what you want .
i only told melanie last night because the bitch wanted to pass on the concert and stay home-to probably let her very healthy male bang her brains out-so i had to fess up to why it was so important that we go .
after the screeching , there 's a bang .
i plan to bang her brains out 'til she ca n't walk .
we 're going to dress like gorillas and bang our chests out on the sidewalks ? ''
the urge to bang my head against the wall was almost as strong as the urge to pull her into my arms was .
`` this may be the last time i 'll ever play in public , and i wanted to go out with a bang .
he walked through the garage to his house , closed the door behind him , and was about to bang his head when owen bounded up the stairs from the studio , looking alarmed .
`` you did n't bang your head against the door in frustration .
daniel picked up his glass , drained it , and set it back down with a bang carefully calculated to startle colton while not quite denting the table or shattering the heavy tumbler .
daniel had no idea about the gun- bang .
i never care to look too much at the girls i bang .
my eyes dart to the doors when i hear them bang open and see her storming out .
i bang on the door for the third-or thirtieth-time .
anyway , no girl wants to bang a guy in a banana hammock .
they do n't understand them , sort of ignore them , or bang their chests whenever they 're around .
before dee can retaliate , the front door slams open with a bang , and the blur of an eight-year-old , light-haired boy comes barreling through the living room .
jack comments , `` i 'd bang her . ''
and if no other opportunities presented themselves , i 'd take her home , bang her for a few hours , and leave her smiling . ''
if i 'm going out with a bang , there 's nobody else i 'd rather have with me than you guys . ''
i plop down on my couch , put my feet up on the coffee table , turn the tv on , start up the dvr , and press play on the big bang theory .
she nods , and then i hear the front door bang open .
it takes two seconds for the flash bang to go off .
`` look at me , lil , '' i say quietly as another loud bang sounds through the house .
i watch her as she makes her way down to where ashlyn 's room is , and once she clears the doorway i hear another loud bang .
his pace picks up , his hips slamming into me so hard that my head starts to bang against the door until he puts his hand at the top of my head to cushion it .
well , we ... um , '' i start , trying to tell him about tubs , when all of a sudden , there 's a loud bang upstairs and both of our heads tilt towards the ceiling for a second before he looks back down at me .
i ca n't very well bang a man of the cloth . ' ''
her ears perked up as we all heard a big bang from the end of a row .
or the big bang .
speaking of bang ... we never actually had sex .
i heard the porch door bang open and looked up to see clark barreling down the steps .
i let the door bang shut behind me and went to the kitchen sink to rinse the spittle from my face .
his response was to bang on his wall again .
and goddamn it if he still did n't find a way to bang that headboard .
`` no , you just bang on my damn wall .
i raised my fists to bang once more .
he has the balls to actually bang on my wall , on my wall ?
`` come on , simon , let 's bang some walls , '' i answered , allowing my tongue to dart out from between my lips and against the skin just underneath his jaw .
he dropped me on the bed , and i bounced a little , rolling sideways and making the headboard bang a bit .
`` you gon na bang my walls , simon ? ''
i 'm stuck , smack bang in the middle of wanting to do the right thing , and following my gut instinct .
3 ) my dreams of having the world 's prettiest wedding photos crashing down to earth with a huge nuclear bang .
`` well , it started with a bang , and i 'm kind of hoping the night might end with one too ? ''
`` figured i would end my dancing career with a bang . ''
out in the club , i heard the heavy door open and bang shut .
i wanted to bang my head against the doorframe .
i reversed quickly , the car dropping off the sidewalk with a bang .
a bang on the door behind us caused my body to tense , and i glanced up the alley , noting the traffic whizzing by at the end .
`` i had to fight myself constantly not to come here and bang on your door . ''
i asked , inwardly groaning at having a roommate who wakes up at the crack of dawn to bang around in the kitchen .
there was a huge bang on the door and the wood cracked and splintered as it crashed in and hammered against the wall .
the loud bang of a door swinging open and hitting a wall made me jump and look toward the firehouse .
i did n't bang her . ''
it hit with a loud bang , knocking the can over , the lid spinning and coming to a stop a few feet away .
it was n't like i wanted to bang him .
but he 'd said it in the way you say your sister is pretty , not in the way you talk about a girl you want to bang .
rory would say he was respecting me or some such crap like that , but i knew that even guys who respect you want to bang you .
`` a babysitter he 'd like to bang if he knew how , '' riley said with a snort .
she thinks the big bang theory is just a tv show and that a tomato is a vegetable .
the screen door slammed shut with a bang behind me and i turned , looking back at the house that had never been a home .
the door shuts behind her with a deafening bang , and i chew on my thumbnail .
`` her top got caught between the rocks as she tried to get down , the stringy bit , and bang .
''we hear a big bang from the next room , run in , and alec is stood in front of the fire minus his eyebrows and plus an inch of soot coating his skin .
a loud bang reminds me we 're not alone .
there 's still time for your precious car to bang into a tree , or a fence , or slide along this key as i walk past it . ''
i bang on the door , once , twice , again and again and again .
i bang my head against the wall before i grab the pajamas and go back downstairs .
there 's a bang as sofie pulls down the toaster lever .
she 's not hot enough to bang though , so she wo n't be around for that long .
i looked for mom and then ... bang .
i yank the door open and slide in , pulling the door shut with a bang behind me .
it 's impossible to ignore - it creeps up on me silently then hits me with a big f**king bang .
a bang of the head on a chair leg .
joe yells , punctuating his words with a bang of a saucepan .
the doors bang open .
a loud bang interrupts whatever she was about to reply with , making us all jump .
i tear my eyes from him and bang on myra 's door .
i walk into my tiny room , the bang of the door against the doorframe sounding too final .
today is his birthday , and i plan to help him finish his day with a bang .
`` we both have our guilty pleasure tv show-mine is the big bang theory and hers is the walking dead .
`` the big bang theory and a takeout ? ''
you know , every brit thinks the big bang theory 's apartment block is the standard , right ? ''
the big bang theory .
he kicks the door shut with a resounding bang and pulls me into his arms .
the second i walk through the door of my apartment , i dive beneath a blanket on the sofa and turn on the big bang theory .
i let the last interviewee out of the bar and bang my head against the wall .
i want to go home , get in my sweatpants , and watch the big bang theory until my ears bleed from penny 's sarcasm , '' i huff .
you bang him ? ''
i waited for someone to bang the door down , but it did n't happen .
tuesday i attended my first meeting at the paper , and brett gave me my first assignment , a battle of the bands on campus featuring groups like zoom zoom bang , lader vader and sterling silver lining .
`` because i know for a fact that there are at least half a dozen guys at the grove who would give their right ball to bang you , me included . ''
i 'd be even more upset if he wanted to bang ryder . ''
she scrambled to it , closed it with a loud bang .
**** carter felt the ungodly urge to bang his head against the seat of the airplane .
i squeeze my eyes shut and bang my hands uselessly against the security guard 's back .
he drops into the seat , sliding and slouching down until his legs bang into mine .
i step back away from him so quickly , i forget the wall is behind me and bang my back , head , and heels against it .
nicole was n't expecting the handle to come towards her , so she 's totally unprepared for it to bang into her sore ribs .
john says loudly , dropping his tool belt on the ground by the door with a loud bang .
we 'll put the rope up at the areas leading to the house , and anytime someone steps on it or runs into it , it 'll make the items bang together and create noise . ''
*** back at the cabin , sarah sat staring at the door that had just closed with a bang .
they heard one bang against the wall , followed shortly by another .
the boat slammed into the water with a huge bang , jarring their teeth and skulls .
my feet clomp a lot louder than i 'm used to as the heels of my boots bang against the floors .
the gun goes flying out of my hand and lands on the ground with a giant bang .
first you bang your head on the door trying to get in and then all you want is out . ''
the sound of a loud bang comes from down at the bottom of the stairs and a rush of cold air follows .
one minute i want to laugh and the next i want to bang heads together like two coconuts .
the phone dropped and i heard a loud bang and then some rustling around .
a big bang sounds off to my right and i look up , moaning through the pain , to see colin coming out from under a car 's hood .
i try the chest of drawers too , and all i 'm able to do is lean it backwards and bang it into the freshly painted wall .
one second he 's there at the stairs , the next he 's not and a big bang comes from the door as bodies slam into it .
i bang my phone on my forehead a few times to get a grip on my temper .
i bang into her and have to grab one railing with both hands again to keep from falling the rest of the way down .
i bang on the door over and over , giving it a couple good punches too while i 'm at it .
i 've almost convinced myself that i imagined the noise when another bang makes me almost jump out of my skin .
i drop my forehead with a bang to the desktop .
i pause to bang the phone on the side of my head a few times .
suddenly , a stirring classical soundtrack booms over the dock and two rockets soar into the air , exploding with a deafening bang over the bay , lighting it all in a dazzling canopy of sparkling orange and white that 's reflected in a glittering shower over the still calm water of the bay .
we heard a loud bang and ryn jumped .
she whispered , `` let 's bring in 1958 with a bang , shall we ? ''
afterward i promise to bang your brains out . ''
i stood up and began to search for something long to bang against the ceiling .
instead of facing jake , however , i walked smack bang into a hard chest .
feeling my heart bang away in my chest , i turned on my low-booted heels and strode with more confidence than i was feeling down a narrow , dark walkway .
from the top of his shaggy head to his sneakers , he folded like a ball of paper being crumpled , going from over six feet to the size of my hand before there was a crack of sound , like one of those bang snap fireworks , and a flash of intense light .
she tilts her head to the side and raises her eyebrows at silas , and i just want to bang something into my face .
when i leave the house that evening , i 'm all set to storm over to her apartment and bang on her door until she talks to me , but i pull up short when i get to my truck .
it lands hard just on the edge of my jaw , and my teeth bang together .
and by interested in , i mean he does n't make me want to bang my head into solid objects .
not with a whimper , but with a bang .
i slam the trunk with a thunderous bang .
my hands fly up to my bang line to cover the now possibly dented and crushed area of my skull .
i bang the back of my head against the wall .
i stop tapping and bang my hand against the door .
another bang vibrates the metal frame that holds the punching bags , and the entire unit shudders , then completely stops .
the tray , a plastic plate , two bowls and a carton of milk clank and bang to the floor .
i bang against the fence .
i want to bang my husband until he ca n't remember his name . ''
i saw her open her mouth , but before she could get a word out , a loud bang rang out and the typical college party i had been using to try and escape the aching reality of my every day turned into a chaotic riot .
before any of this takes place , though , i hear a sudden bang , like a door being thrown open .
when i reach her room , i 'm still irate as i raise my fist to bang on her door .
i do n't know why i suddenly feel the need to pamper sloane , to show her that she 's not just another girl that i want to bang and then shower away while she walks out the door .
i resist the urge to bang her head on the inside of the door on purpose .
eight beats later , with my pulse humming and the energy rising , the lights come back on with the bang of the music .
he 's the type that i imagine landing on the scene with a loud bang , like life just spit him out , fully grown and wild as a buck .
besides , you 've got the rest of your life to bang your wife .
chapter eight - cash i smile as i hear the door bang shut behind olivia .
i bang my hand on the steering wheel as the lights flicker weakly .
`` well , you 've done a bang up job so far , '' my mother snaps , pushing past him and making her way to me .
there 's just no sizzle , no bang .
we need a manager who has his eye on us at all times , not one whose eyes are all over the next chick he 's going to bang .
`` okay ... so you went out with someone named chad , who likes cock and pussy ... and you did n't like that he used to bang dudes ? ''
`` did you just admit that you actually like a woman , not just because you want to bang her ? ''
`` so , that means you 're gon na bang her .
no matter how much i want to bang her , i do actually care about her , and i ca n't have sex with her while she 's hurting .
as i made this deal to have sex with only you for the rest of this tour , it was n't like i could go get myself some other pussy to bang the hell out of . ''
we bang as much as we want until we arrive back in la .
`` and you 've slept with other guys , one who used to bang dudes , but i 'm not asking for your sexual history sheet . ''
i just need to bang some chick , and i 'll be back to normal .
just bang the hell out of her .
i was ready to bang my head against a buoy for bringing lucas out here when all i kept thinking about was ripping those fragile white strings loose .
i 'd have given up a dozen chicks from home to bang one of these groupies .
i got some small measure of satisfaction from knowing i could bang this super fucking hot girl if i wanted .
all i wanted to do was bang my head against the bench .
two months ago , i would have been dying to go to a ski lodge to bang a bunch of snow bunnies .
we smoke a joint or two , we bang , and go our separate ways .
i unlock the door , shove it open and let it bang against the inner wall .
i hear the stall door bang closed and then the sound of her urinating , and then the flush of the toilet .
shit , i know myself well enough to know if ben and i bang , it wo n't be just once .
but do i want to just bang him and go my way , the way it 's been with every other guy ?
i know you thought i was asleep on the couch , but i heard you bang her brains out , '' wade says with a laugh .
`` you were listening to me bang her ? ''
putting all of my past 'i 'm a protective big brother , do n't touch her ' skills from when she was a teen and every dude in her class wanted to bang her .
i would really love to bang her on my desk , but not right now .
`` that 's because at first i thought you were bree who is always showing up to bang me when we 're on the road . ''
i opened my mouth to argue that if he thought he was getting the bedroom tonight to bang this random chick , he could think again .
of course , i did n't expect jake to have left his shoes in the middle of the floor , causing me to trip and bang into the ladder .
`` please , with the way you act around her , she could wear a hefty bag , and you 'd want to bang her , '' steve , jake 's favorite tattoo artist , teased .
when i finished and turned around , aj was whipping off his `` drummers bang harder '' t-shirt .
forgetting where i was , i shrieked in pleasure , causing rhys to jerk his head up and bang it on roost 's roof .
i 'm just saying he could be a good distraction-a way to help you see you 're a beautiful , amazing woman that any man would be thrilled to get to bang . ''
`` the fact i 'll let you bang me on a limo floor ? ''
but then when you 've been up all night with a teething baby , you 're carrying around ten extra pounds of baby weight , and you have absolutely no desire to screw him senseless like he wants , you ca n't help but wonder why he does n't just take up some slut 's offer to bang him .
while he went into the bedroom , i let my head bang back against the tile .
even though you drive me crazy and sometimes i want to bang my head against a fucking wall when you 're being difficult , there 's no one else in the world i want to spend the rest of my life with . ''
i spent the next three days doing a bang up job of ignoring jessie , and per payton 's orders , i got up earlier than normal this morning so i could make myself a little sexier for today 's activity of warming up to him .
i had done a bang up job of preventing this thing with nick from going any further tonight because no one wanted a post puke kiss , no matter how hard up they were .
why , yes i did and i apparently did a bang up job at it according to the smile on his face .
i feel like f**king tarzan and it takes everything i have not to bang on my chest , knowing i put that satisfaction on her face .
i jump , not expecting the bang .
`` plus , i thought you wanted to bang mo . ''
then a loud bang .
i ca n't explain it , but this is a girl i actually want to get to know , instead of just bang and then kick to the curb ... '' alexander cringed , looking at his mother .
with the loud bang from the slamming door , i snapped .
the lack of appetite and almost insatiable sex drive-something that i had only guessed at after seeing him bang not one but four girls in the same night at the same party at axton 's new york apartment .
he heard nick bang into something and cuss it up and down before stumbling out onto the balcony .
those guys do n't get in until ten , and i want to give him a chance to get his jacket off and bang his secretary , but i want to catch him before he goes into a meeting . ''
if you got a bad starter , i can bang it while you kick it over .
he put his other hand behind my head so i did n't bang it on the cabinet , and when i found myself winding around to the point where i almost kicked out a drawer , he caught me , panting and naked .
i wanted to slam and bang them to illustrate my annoyance , but they only made shuffling sounds .
then i heard a bang .
i 'd get my car , make it home , and- there was a loud bang , as if a bullet had hit fiberglass , and i jumped , not realizing i 'd spaced out .
the teacher was mean and had a stick she 'd bang against the wood floors and i did n't like the sound and i had to wear stupid outfits .
`` she 's doin ' a bang up job of makin ' her own life a misery , she does n't need any help .
he put the phone back in the cradle and returned , `` i can hardly bang her in the car .
okay , it was safe to say he was kind of freaking me out with how much he knew when i thought i was doing a bang up job keeping it guarded .
i heard the screen door bang shut then i heard memphis 's claws clicking on the wood of the deck and i turned to see memphis and sam approaching , memphis a lot quicker .
but he was at ride and he was either doing a bang up job of avoiding me or he forgot i existed .
i heard her little feet beating on the floor , i heard a bang on the bedroom door and then i heard mitch 's deep voice saying on a lie since i was not in the shower , i was in the bed and naked , `` she 's in the shower , gorgeous . ''
her hair was cropped at the back and sides but there was a thick , heavy bang at the front with blonde streaks in it .
she was wearing different but no less fashionable shades over her eyes , her long hair was unhindered by a hat showing she had a deep , thick , sexy-as-all-fuck bang that hung into her eyes , her body was encased in different jeans , coat and shoes but her outfit was no less stylish .
that thick bang shading her eyes , catching her eyelashes , making a man want to lift his hand and brush it away-for her , and so he could feel it on his fingers .
but with that gleam , those highlights , that bang , those eyes were f**k-me eyes .
he cut it to frame my face with a deep , heavy bang and the rest of it in chunky layers that flipped here and there in a glamorous and saucy way that , coupled with the highlights , made even stella , the premier biker babe 's hair look dowdy .
my body jolted awake when i heard the loud bang on the window , a sound like the strong , angry crack of knuckles .
it was layered along my neckline and he 'd cut a thick , long , sassy bang in .
it did what she always did , the thick , long bang highlighted her eyes , the layers down the sides did the same to the line of her neck .
i returned to the present with a bang , stumbling as vertigo hit me hard .
my world disintegrated with an ecliptic bang .
the adrenaline disappeared with a bang , drenching my muscles in disbelief .
whenever she started to get confident with moving around , kenneth would order the maid to make changes , causing her to bang into stuff .
the bang echoed off the walls of his apartment .
entering the bathroom , he was careful not to bang her head on the doorframe .
you want to go running off telling nash and tiny how i 'd bang his woman at the first opportunity then f**king do it .
another bang on the door made her jump .
i would n't bang you if you were the last woman on earth .
another bang rang out shaking the foundations of the club .
if the landlord had been a girl he 'd have offered to bang her for living free .
the wolf inside her started to bang against her inner cage .
she heard whizz bang against the door .
a loud bang from the parking lot startled her and she jumped off the bed .
but before she could act , april took advantage of the man 's distraction , kicking him hard in the balls , successfully knocking him off balance , the loud bang of a shot going wild and slamming into one of the trailers .
not , unfortunately , that the toy seemed to be making any difference as mason let loose with a loud wail , then chucked the plastic rattle so that it landed with a loud bang on the wooden dock .
pete had decided he loved to bang his secretary more than he loved kiersten , so why should n't she celebrate tonight with a little too much wine and a good bout of forbidden sex ?
he heard the house door bang open and footsteps running to his side .
hell , he can even bang you now , for all i care .
apparently i 've lost track of time when i hear the metal doors bang open and pop my head up to see pike walking down the steps .
`` we started off with a bang .
`` about the kiss -- '' i slammed the drawer closed with a bang .
she let out a giggle , scooping her side swept bang behind her ear .
she did a bang up job convincing me that she was a human being .
we 're going to bang the hell out of that pretty little hole of yours until you 're begging for mercy .
so you end up with hairy balls and no big bang .
`` will you go off and bang your husband and not worry about me ?
and what man did n't want to bang a woman wearing boots ?
because there was no way he was letting her go to bed without a wedding bang .
who do you want to bang and who do you want to date ? ''
the one i bang and the one i date .
but because she was a lustful cinderella who really wanted to bang prince charming repeatedly until she could no longer walk , and then possibly marry him , she stood up with a stern look on her face .
the heavy metal clunked across the floor and hit the wall with a dull bang .
she was n't surprised when no sound came out , and after trying once more , she started to bang loudly on the door .
i bang my fist against the angel 's foot .
`` well , lucas seemed to like it when he ripped my clothes off in one of the conference rooms and proceeded to bang me on the table . ''
i fully support your decision to go out and bang your stranger . ''
i squeeze my eyes shut , wanting to bang my head against the kitchen wall .
he stops , and i hear a loud bang that reminds me , eerily , of cross 's fist against the wall that night at hunter 's house party .
i pull the little picture out of my jeans pocket and look down at meredith 's face while i bang on the door .
`` of course , '' i say , reaching over and taking the basket , dropping it on his plate with a very ungraceful bang .
facing front , i bang the steering wheel with the heel of my hand , playing the role of outraged psychopath to the hilt .
when i decided to bang kevin in 2h , i cornered him in the laundry room , put my hand on his crotch , and asked him if he wanted to fuck .
`` we want to start this new phase in the life of the foundation with a bang .
while the rest of the team scurries about , brian and dave , the two lead programmers who had worked with carl developing the software , bang away at the notebooks , fine-tuning the presentation slideshow and doing dry runs of the software with a staggering number of parameters .
i had n't heard the familiar bang and thump , but i 'd been a bit preoccupied .
the airbags did their thing , but i still managed to bang my head . ''
it flew open and hit the opposing wall with a bang .
there was n't one slow buildup to one big bang , instead there were several explosions , one after the other .
gray took out a skillet and put it down on the counter with a bang .
he left the room with a bang and nearly tripped over his shoes in the hallway .
`` vic , we ... things ... things between us really started off ... '' `` with a bang ? ''
he grunted as he tried to move toward his apartment , but misjudged and backed into his door with a bang .
satisfaction surged through her when she turned the lock on the door and shut it with a brisk bang .
like that she was married for instance , he thought as he opened the dishwasher door with a bang .
fuck if he cared , he thought as he threaded niall 's body through the narrow entrance of his front door before he shut it with a bang .
`` use your lips to cover your teeth , '' she heard him say through the bang of her heartbeat against her eardrums .
her heart leapt into her throat a moment later when she heard the door to ian 's suite open and close with a brisk bang , then the unmistakable sound of the lock clicking .
`` it almost drove me mad to be near him , like living with a relentless clunk and bang , a grinding on my bones , just from his damn presence .
`` c'est vraiment des conneries , '' he cursed bitterly before he stalked out of the cloakroom and slammed the door shut with a loud bang .
there was a crash and a bang , then niall collapsed sideways , squealing like a pig .
if i want to take off with a bang and get my own startup off the ground , i need to find a way to focus .
`` you leave , and i 'll bang the door down . ''
i ran toward rhys and threw myself at him just as a loud bang went off and a sharp slice of pain hit my right shoulder .
`` you know-from clank and clack bail bonds-those guys with the stupid commercials where people bang on the cell bars in rhythm .
i walk straight out the door , closing it with a bang .
`` not the bang your head on the counter pain or i just lost my best friend pain , but pain that leads to something better .
he did n't say anything ; he just kissed her on the forehead and returned to watching reruns of the big bang theory .
he growled against her lips , `` for as poorly as the evening started out , it sure ended with a bang . ''
she bristled , partly with indignation and partly because he was bang on the money .
the shock of his unexpected move made her yelp and bang her fists on his back .
lucien muttered something indistinguishable in the other room and sophie heard his door bang behind him a minute or two later .
as much as he wanted to start his day off with a bang and loll in bed with channing , he knew she was sore .
an engine gunned and a screech bang followed .
`` what did i tell you about trying to bang your hips closer ? ''
would n't solve anything to bang her head against the molded plastic as she repeated dumb , dumb , dumb to the empty cab but she wanted to do it anyway .
keely said slyly , `` maybe you mean , you hit it off during a gang bang . ''
`` it started off with a bang . ''
if keely mckay was going out , maybe she should go out with a bang instead of a whimper .
she 'd just tossed the empty snickers wrapper when a loud bang sounded at the front of the building .
like he needed to remind her of that fact , after she 'd already done such a bang up job of reminding him .
he almost treated you to a gang bang . ''
and he 'd be goddamned if he 'd just f**king walk away and make it easy on her to bang a total stranger in his hotel room .
she vaguely heard the door bang and hoped he had n't locked it , trapping them out here .
a loud bang sounded and the car wobbled .
`` if you do n't wan na start this day out with a bang , you 'd better stop givin ' me a horizontal lap dance . ''
`` the look where i 'm thinking back to how you rocked my world in the predawn hours and started my day with a bang ? ''
a second after that , he heard a bang and the door to his room opened .
they made elroy want to bang him even more .
now elroy wanted to bang his head against the wall and scream .
by that time jeffery had begun to bang on the door and shout his name aloud .
at one point , when dare 's voice went deeper and he said , `` fuck my tight little pussy with your big dirty dick and bang me like the little come-pig , fuck-whore i am , you big stud-fucker , '' treston had to cover his mouth with both hands to keep from laughing aloud .
fucking bang my tight little cunt and give me your fucking seed .
the last thing he heard before everything went blank was a screech , followed by a bang so loud it rocked the van .
david set the bottle down with a bang , and christian 's head turned slightly , but he said nothing .
the resulting bang against the kitchen table sent a piercing pain arcing through the back of his brain .
i bet you 're going to bang me but good in there before these two weeks are through ! ''
he called out again when he made it to the kitchen , this time somehow managing not to bang his legs against any heavy furniture like the last time he 'd tried to find the kitchen on his own .
so , why would you say that the evidence is all around us , cuz , hay , there is scientific evidence of the big bang theory , and evolution , too , '' i argued .
or , what about your idea on the big bang theory ?
it would be nice to start the month off with a bang .
what do you think about a beauty with a bang promotion ?
we all sit down to dinner and dad starts with a bang , firing off question after question .
then i heard a loud bang and crunching sound , and then someone lifted me up .
i had to bang on the bathroom door , repeatedly .
a bang on the side window , courtesy of evan , had alyssa rushing to the side door .
this is- before he could introduce the two men with him , the loud bang of the wooden door above the courtyard steps and the high squeal of a delighted azarmonian princess rang out .
did you bang your head ?
adriana arrived at the house bang on 4 pm just as they had agreed , and both received a shock as they greeted each other after an absence of several .
suddenly a bang sounds from the road .
i stood so quickly that the chair fell over with a bang .
at that moment though , i heard a very loud bang and then i saw scotty fall to the floor .
i heard a second bang and then a loud scream escaped my mouth , it was silenced however as alexs hand flew over my mouth and he pulled me back around the corner .
dont ever bang on my fucking bar again , asshole , she says , but theres a smile under her words , i can tell .
you know you love it when i bang you .
tina pretended to bang her own fluffy blond head against the wall .
just how did you handle a little girl who had lost her mother , her home , and her country with one bang of a judge 's gavel .
another bang and i was sitting up in bed , watching the entire room of brothers , page and haley follow suit .
geez its like were an old married couple but i still want to bang her .
nick jumped up from a rather deep sleep when he heard something bang against the wall .
the bang left her ear ringing and she fell to the ground , certain shed been badly wounded .
i cradle his head in my lap so it doesnt bang against the rocks .
just barely restraining from nudging a spot for himself bang in the middle of them on the sofa , nicolas flung himself into a matching chair and stretched his legs out , balancing his glass on one thigh .
the door flew open with a bang .
a second bang followed .
right now , death seems a wonderful escape ... . bang !
wanting to bang her head against the wall , she looked at jason again .
hours later , her throat raw from screaming , she at last heard keys rattle against the door and jumped out of the way before it was thrown open to bang loudly against the wall .
a bright flash not far away , followed by a tremendous bang , settled the matter .
that was followed by a tremendous flash and bang and the acrid smell of burnt ozone , but the bolt at least missed the camp by a bit .
you know , the ones that make a single loud bang .
i bang out the door , surprised that he doesnt follow me and spew more lies .
theres got to be another broad here that i can bang before i leave .
they would bang into each other occasionally , unaware of their swollen stomachs bouncing into each others backs .
you and i were playing crazy eights and then we heard a loud bang .
it hit with a pitched bang , an almost musical crash as the basket smashed a stained glass window .
it went off with a bang .
im sure he celebrated australia day with a bang !
then marcus continued to bang on the door .
im really hoping that youll consider the door opened then closed with a bang , a gust of wind sent stacks of papers from the desk flying and whirling .
he proceeded to bang the guitar and scream pour some sugar on me . ''
with a loud bang , the door was flung open ; emily stopped in mid-chewthe man striding in had to be at least six feet tall .
you sit there wondering what that weird sound is then bang -- thump bird .
shuffling heavy feet sounded clumsily out of my room , not taking any care in closing the door , as it closed with a loud bang and a curse .
the van door slid shut with a creaking bang and then reagan and i were left alone with page .
the door slammed with a bang behind us and three things became obvious ; the dim candlelight that illuminated the hallways .
tom slammed the door to the room hard with a loud bang sound .
he heard the door to the house behind him slam shut with a loud bang sound .
the sun was detected to rise to a higher position as he heard the door to the room bang open .
he looked as the door opened with a bang sound showing rhinna coming in the room speaking i shouldnt be giving you this . ''
tom felt his familiar deadness take control as he saw thura enter the hygiene room for another uncounted time this time she slammed the door with a bang sound .
he gave off a loud roaring nonsense sound and stormed towards the door as it slammed closed in a bang sound in response to his noises .
he found himself out of the substance falling onto metal floor with a bang sound .
when i heard the loud bang , i got out of the car , fell in that pit over there .
you dont have to have the bang on the door made nora yelp and the rest of them jump .
a surge of exploding power within a thunderous bang sent them flying , knocking them off their feet .
she hadnt heard him bang open that door , or come up behind her , but then shed probably been too busy feeling sorry for herself .
jake heard the bang .
she made her way through the crowd , careful not to bang into anyone with her guitar .
the train finally arrived at the main station in berlin , and katja hefted her guitar and bag down the narrow aisle , trying hard not to bang into anyone .
then came a bang on one of the back doors , and i rushed into my room , pulled my luggage from under the bed and took out another gun , my handy 9 mm .
we start off with the proverbial bang !
before he could get the words out , though , kristen heard a loud bang .
my body stiffened as a loud bang came from their room .
the bang of his little wooden hammer on the small round plate sealed the matter .
men want to bang their chests and , in effect , impregnate as many women as possible to make sure that the species survives , while women are the nurturers .
the bang was deafening , and i rolled over , covering my ears and closing my eyes .
a loud bang vibrated through the walls and i ran down the hall expecting to find stella on the floor .
taller than dane and bigger than one of those professional wrestlers she 'd seen on television , the mountainous fellow turned the intoxicated men toward each other and proceeded to bang their heads together .
dane wanted to bang his head against the steering wheel .
we bang a door , yell , or play music too loud , we get demerits .
i stop and bang on my dead flashlight in a sad attempt to turn the light back on .
just go up to the house and bang on the door .
hand in the air , ready to bang on the door ; i realized id left the book on the passenger seat .
it was dark , but she heard him bang into something .
whod you bang today , melissa , a student , or have you moved on to the faculty ?
he fisted his hands as his heart continued to bang against his chest , ready to burst out of his being , killing him on the spot .
`` i do n't know , you 're doing such a bang up job already , '' i replied as i rubbed my twisted limbs .
jesse crashed straight into the door so viciously that the door flew off the hinges with a loud bang .
chapter eleven katie shut the door behind them with a harder bang than was necessary , and ric knew he was in for it .
i walk up the steps to the porch , and then bang on the front door though i doubt anyone is going to answer .
i bang my fists against the wood .
im lightheaded and nauseated but i push on , grab the shovel and bang it against the window until the glass shatters .
i dropped the revolver inside a dumpster and closed the lid gently so it wouldnt bang shut .
abby heard a bang , followed by smoke and a great cheer .
she was bang on time .
hearing the front door bang , she went downstairs .
chapter twelve but the next day , suzie came down to earth with a bang .
it takes something like a bang over the head with a hammer .
some die in a scary bang , without doing damage .
i paused for a second , checking nobody was coming to investigate the bang and tried again .
you bang anybody at school ?
make her feel like you dont just want to bang her brains out and disappear .
i lifted my hand to bang on the door when it suddenly flew open , revealing a very shirtless alec .
but there was no bang .
i see jenna glare in her direction and bang the cupboards even louder .
a huge fireworks display , or so it seemed , with a thunderous bang to go along .
the bang to be interpreted by johnny 's gang as unfriendly fire .
ill just go get that quilt , elliot said , and he let the screen door bang closed behind him .
before i could retaliate , a bang shattered the silence .
i waddle out ready for battle again only to run smack bang into hugo right outside the door .
`` i want to bang the new girl , '' the boy says and the girls giggle .
i almost bang my head against the mirror in frustrationthe injection wont have any strengthening effects , as it was just a damn sedative .
he eyes himself in the mirror and lifts a distressed bang from his brow before dropping it back into place and throwing a glance at derek .
a loud bang from the door knocker upstairs made her jump and sinclair tightened his arms .
then he meets this woman and bang ! hes marriedhes having a child .
the auld besom will jist bang back doon tae us the then well hae een mair noise .
i 'd probably bang my thumb or something . ''
his finger wasnt yet healed but the pain was bearable as long as he didnt bang it too hard on anything .
amaris events always start bang on time .
by the time they reached the door to the changing rooms , it was so noisy daniel had to bang on it to be heard on the other side .
i bang the side of my fist on the wall beside us .
she heard a bang on the front door when she finally made it inside .
she made it down the rickety wooden porch steps and was setting max on the ground behind her car when she heard a wumpf and bang .
he could bang somebody while we were happily married , but couldnt stand the thought of me kissing another man after he wanted to divorce me ?
there was a bang , no doubt the sound of the phone being slammed back into its cradle .
he pulled the door shut with bang .
mauricio let out a long , ecstatic howl , way louder than the time shed just watched him bang her in the car .
if so , i think you did a bang up job .
there 's a loud bang and we all look over at becks .
one last bang rang out , as i jumped off the last step and landed on my two feet .
should she try to bang down the door ?
if we werent going to perform tonight , we might as well go out with a bang .
my mom yells and slams her palm into the table with a loud bang .
we bang on some doors and finally i hear anthonys voice from behind one of them , but when i try to open it , the door is locked .
i dont mean to , but i bang the table he is standing near , it splinters with pieces flying across the hardwood floor .
i forced myself onto my feet because after the hundredth or so hard bang , i could see a stain of blood on the door that was growing darker and larger with every hit .
illa covered my eyes , but i heard the bang .
she said coldly , they will come bang down our front door and drag me into the village square where they will more than likely publicly shame me , and where most of the rotten people in this village will gladly watch them do it .
i snapped , and i stomped my foot and pulled against his embrace until one of my arms was free , and i could bang on the door again .
i heard him bang against the outer wall , and i watched as he tumbled away .
`` you might as well go out with a bang . ''
what was that loud bang i heard , william ?
her mind finally made the connection and the realisation brought her back to the present with a bang as she was once more left gasping for air .
rahmat looked at him bang ali , how are you ?
okay bang , make sure you dont come late .
you too , bang paramita pressed the red button to end the call , and put the heavy hand phone down , she got up from her desk , walked to her bed , and laid down .
`` hafiz , you know even if i was n't with bang ali , i will never be with you , ever ! ''
why did i end up marrying bang ali ? ''
`` well , i did succeed to win against bang bashir in suppressing the left-wing movement , my politics and diplomacy against his military operation .
`` bang ... '' she whispered `` mita , its me who should apologize , i did n't mean to make you feel bad .
call me mean , but i wonder how bang ali could stand dating you for three years .
`` bang , you 're here ? ''
`` bang ali , you never strike me as the type of man who prefers dumb women .
many nights of frustrating internet poker tournaments provided ample opportunities for him to whack , bang and smash his hand against it adding to its instability .
sitting in a booster seat , he was holding a spoon and thumping the table , grinning with every bang .
the door closed with a bang .
she wanted to keep him from waking jerry , but stubbed her toe on the spindly chair , and sent it over with a bang .
the grenadiers were hard at work nearby ; he heard their officers ' shouts , the bang and pop of their explosions as they worked their way stolidly through the french like the small mobile batteries they were .
and even without makeup , she resembles a girl next door , someone you 'd bang and then take home to your parents .
it slammed against the counter with a bang , much louder than she 'd intended .
its hood shut with a bang that echoed through the darkening afternoon .
all at once , the bedroom door burst open and was shut with a bang .
( me : `` i bet we 'll debate the big bang and the meaning of life . ''
as reichen prowled the back of a narrow neighborhood street , the bang of a storm door drew his head sharply up .
while most people wrote that they agreed with his belief that god created the universe , there were those who differed and offered the big bang theory as an alternative .
in a follow-up column , jeremy wrote about the big bang in layman 's terms , essentially laying out the point that , according to the theory , it meant that all matter in the universe had at one point been compressed into a dense sphere no larger than a tennis ball .
even for those , like jeremy , who believed in the big bang theory , it said nothing about the creation of the sphere in the first place .
i was so insecure , i needed him to bang down my door and fill my room with flowers .
if he carb loaded , he could bang out a good half marathon later .
he and olivia will make sure it goes off with a bang . ''
i could use a hot , sweaty bang with my own stud . ''
we had the rest of the weekend with these guys , and will would make it a living hell if he found out we 'd been sneaking out to bang our girlfriends on valentine 's day .
out for a weekend with their std-infested douche-bag friends , thinking they 'll use their brand-new copy of card counting for dummies to clean out the house so they can go back and bang their ugly-ass girlfriends and impress them with the five hundred dollars they won ? ''
despite his defcon 5 degree of hotness , what i needed was for him to help me bang the smirk off other men .
i 'm pretty sure he was the guy who turned eighteen and all of the moms wanted to bang . ''
`` just bang the hell out of him . ''
even at jensen 's wedding-where i 'd been the best man-the only thing keeping me going during the ceremony was the thought of taking the two bridesmaids to the coat closet to bang .
my home , my girlfriend i can bang in the bathroom , after all .
neither bella nor jazz are in so i go straight to bed , and it feels like only seconds later when the loud bang of the door downstairs falling into the lock startles me awake again .
she shouts at me , then grabs her purse and coat , shoves her shoes on and storms out , slamming the door behind her with a loud bang .
finally , bennett : 1 ; chloe : 0 chapter three he did n't cave and bang the daylights out of me last night .
you 're going to suck my dick and then i 'm going to f**k you until someone has to bang on the door and tell us it 's time to get married , '' i said , unbuttoning my shirt .
`` you can see me bang on the drums any time .
what i 'd like to bang tonight are the half-naked women beyond these very doors .
i bang on the door , the cold metal stinging my hands , but no one hears .
i throw up again and fumble for some toilet paper to wipe my mouth as the door continues to bang behind me .
i look at my handsome , troubled , neurotic rogue , looking me straight in the eyes and i want to scream at him , bang his head against a wall and knock some sense into him the conventional way .
i knocked on the door to fin 's apartment and had the strongest urge to bang my head against the cold metal instead .
i 'm trying to find the condescension i expect from someone who hangs out with brooke and might have plans to bang the girl i intend to hook up with , but i ca n't find it .
i did n't even bang her .
this resort was the beginning of reinventing the thirties with a twenty-first-century bang .
they crashed back down with a bone-rattling bang .
hethe had left tiernay intending to ride until he found the king 's men , someone engaged in battle in which he could bang some heads .
it 's a gang bang , '' she said and made layla laugh .
`` no recreational value , but the nitrates make a nice bang . ''
susannah closed it with a decisive bang .
the back door opened , then shut with a bang .
he turned her , then , pushing her up against the lockers with a bang .
she heard the door bang as michelle went back inside .
the passenger door across from her opened and a dark-haired women slid into the seat , then closed the door with a firm bang .
`` with a bang , '' she said a bit sharply , once more trying to slide sideways around them .
he could die with a bang or he could fade away ; he really was n't a fading kind of guy .
i 'd hoped you 'd come to your senses before- '' she was through listening and shut the door with a resounding bang .
he punctuated the sale with a bang of the gavel .
cecily set her teacup down with a sharp bang that made everyone at the table jump .
`` i don't- , '' cecily began , but she was interrupted as the training room door flew open with a loud bang .
bridget 's in one of her moods ; she says she ca n't find the bang mary , and i have n't even the slightest what she 's talking about . ''
the door was heavy , and closed with a resounding bang behind tessa , nearly trapping her skirts ; she pulled them away only just in time , and stepped backward quickly , turning around in what was a near pitch-darkness .
it struck the table with a gratifying bang , spil ing hot water .
a sad smile was on my face as i imagined that if last year had n't happened , last year to this exact date , i 'd be standing over there with them , laughing about all the trouble we 'd caused in our last year and planning to go out with a bang before we separated for colleges .
the two mountains took their positions by the door and lauren closed the door with a sharp bang .
he does n't sit until the processional begins and the doors behind us bang shut .
it was all she could do not to put her head on the table and bang a few times .
with a loud bang the fishbowl shattered , sending glass and gravel flying around the room .
`` and by damage control , you mean because the guys are already spreading rumors about who 's going to bang me first , or soonest , or hardest , or whatever the hell ? ''
tempted to bang on the door , i refrained .
chase 's senses began to bang with the impulse to act , to seize this chance and feed .
his whole body recoiled under the relentless bang !
the door flew open with a bang and panic jumped inside her .
frustrated , i bang my fist against the shower wall .
`` what if i bang against your shoulder or leg ? ''
she heard the screen door open and bang shut .
the dragon had the best hearing she 'd ever known and if he thought he heard something- his arm slipped around her waist and he yanked her out of the way just as a loud bang echoed out from the great hall and something exploded through the doorway .
kicked the door closed behind him with a heavy bang .
`` are n't you even the slightest bit interested in seeing if he can still bang you brainless ? ''
`` eva honey , do n't you think that if there were another man in new york who could bang it out all night like cross , i would 've found him by now ? ''
a loud bang and a cloud of smoke caused me to jump .
abel had sent her photos of his room-his suite-at motech , and of him standing with all five of his nerdy big bang theory roommates .
but you do n't have to start at the molecular level , with some sort of big bang in your head . ''
`` oh for christ 's sake , cruz , you ca n't fall for the first chick you ever bang - `` his face lit up once again .
`` i mean , i used to bang some really crazy chicks before your sister came along . ''
he walked past her and left the room , letting the door bang shut behind him .
i tighten my hold on the boxes and trudge up the stairs , ignoring the way the cardboard edges bang into the worn , scuffed risers .
once again , we bang up against each other , say things we should n't ; what i know is this : marah needs help and i have promised to be there for her .
i turn so quickly i stumble , bang into the door of my closet .
a shot exploded beside haven , and she jumped , her ears ringing from the sudden bang .
it was a blur , a mosaic of scar tissue and hate as the loud bang of the gunshot ricocheted in his mind .
the door flung open , slamming the wall with a bang , and carmine hurried in .
she started to close her eyes again when another bang rang out .
he dropped flat against the floor and rolled as a deafening bang sounded , the gunshot echoing in the room .
my pulse a loud bang in my ears .
i run to the door , unlock it , go out into the hall and bang on ghost 's door as loudly as possible .
i pipe down the urge to puff up my chest and bang on it like tarzan while doing a jungle call .
chapter seventeen darkness was settling over the bayou when serena pushed the door of kevin 's truck closed with a resounding bang , knowing from bitter experience that it took quite a bit of strength to get it and keep it closed .
she had just finished when the strap on her very old bag snapped and everything she was carrying crashed to the floor with a loud bang .
... after getting an earful from chase about `` dating '' his woman 's good friend and then putting up with chandler 's snide-ass comments about going the way of every guy around them and settling down , chad was ready to bang his head through the wall when his cell went off .
a bikini clad mac was smack bang in the middle of a hot guy volleyball sandwich and looked as though she was in no hurry to rectify the situation .
his arm reached for me hesitantly when the dressing room door opened with a resounding bang .
if i look at any more of these , i 'll bang the first guy i see at the club . ''
together , they crashed into the nearby dresser hard enough to bang the furniture into the wall .
she had hoped somehow to disarm her , but a deafening bang split the air , and the pain that followed quickly overpowered her .
it was more of a bang , or something akin to a cannon exploding in my bedchamber .
i have an urge to bang my head against the wall .
i think miranda just dropped the phone , 'cause i hear this big bang on the other end of the line .
i bang my head against the lightpost i 'm leaning on .
with their rifles resting on the sandbags , they aim for the paper target in front of them and ... bang !
he shifted , moving her down , and julia was careful not to bang into his leg as she eased herself down onto his already hard cock .
i start to play and my fingers nimble up and i get off the stool and bang and crank against my guitar , pummel it until it screeches and screams just the way i want it to .
i was worried that everyone would bang down the door and force me to explain myself .
cursing softly , he rubbed his aching eyes and let his head bang back against the wall again .
as i envision mila , i bang amber hard and i hear her forehead thumping against the dirty tiled walls .
the laird gave a short nod then turned on his heel and left the room , slamming the door with a bang .
the truck door shuts with a bang while i stand here paralyzed .
another bang hits the wall hard .
tess let the door close behind her with a bang .
he was mulling through this conundrum when the honky-tonk 's doors opened with a louder-than-average bang , and stony strode in accompanied by his deputy , damian easley .
just then the front door opened with a bang , and a white-haired lady wearing a blue polyester pantsuit and a pair of red keds appeared on the porch .
`` dash , do n't slam- '' miriam 's admonishment was cut off by the loud bang of the front door slamming .
todd headed inside , letting the screen door bang behind him with a sharp thwack .
she was standing on top of a small chair , attempting to bang a nail into the wall with the tiny heel of a shoe .
as soon as he said it , there was a physical bang in my stomach .
he dropped the books on the desk with a bang .
seeing the silver of the barrel glint as his mother lifted it , he 'd felt the shock of recoil in his arm , heard the sharp bang , and his empty stomach had risen up , choking him with bile .
`` how long- '' the inner door was flung open again with some violence-he heard the bang , and the miasma thickened , so dense a smell as to be nearly visible .
he prodded adams in the buttock with the tip of his rapier by way of illustration , causing the minister to yelp in fright and bang his head on the underside of the desk .
hal 's three boys were playing a game of tigers and hunters , leaping out at one another from behind the shrubbery with shrill roars , followed by shrieks of delight and yells of `` bang !
her lips ran over the damp slide of his brow before she came away to look into his eyes as he smiled softly , moving and coaxing her sizzling fuse closer to that beautiful big bang .
then , suddenly , a louder bang .
exhausted , i barely had enough strength to bang on the mansions door .
the door shut and there was a bang - as if a fist had been knocked on a part of the vehicle .
curls all around , with this side pinned back and your bang teased up a bit ? ''
blushing furiously she forgot she was in a carriage and started to straighten , managing to bang her head on the roof , and then they hit a rut in the road and she stumbled forward .
suzie , bang on the wal and tel the driver to stop . ''
i bang my head lightly against the headboard out of frustration .
more bang for your buck . ''
but q spun too fast and a loud bang filled the room .
she steadied the binoculars with one hand so they would n't hang loose around her neck by the strap and bang against her br**sts as she climbed the steps to the cockpit .
we 'll get started with a bang .
`` how about starting me off with a bang ? ''
she was afraid to make any sudden movements because there were too many and she might bang into one and get stung .
i- '' the front door of the tavern opened with a loud bang and three men came in , laughing and joking as they stomped snow off their shoes .
leading the way through the dark hall to the kitchen , she flipped on a light so they would n't bang against things on their way to the garage .
i doubt if our saboteur would come by and bang on the garage door .
as lex raised his hand to bang on the lifeboat again , a little shriek was followed closely by a long , drawn-out groan .
she gulped down another mouthful of the ale and put the goblet back down on the table with a bang that made her wince .
the earl sighed and set his goblet down with a sharp bang .
i threw the door open ; it slammed against the wall with a bang .
`` hide , '' i repeated , emphasizing the word , `` not bang and potentially embarrass me in front of my family . ''
instead , she added , `` can i email you some questions to bang out the specifics ? ''
how could she have - and then slowly lydia began to bang her head against the metal shelving in front of her .
private jets never made him bang his head , or twist his thigh muscles into pretzels , or make him have conversations like this .
and now she wanted to smack herself , bang her head against a desk , do something-but she knew that if she smashed her forehead against the serving tray over and over again she would just get reprimanded by the flight attendant because the trays needed to be in their upright position for takeoff .
`` i think october would be lovely for a wedding , '' my father said instead , letting the door bang shut behind him .
katherine slipped out of bed , tucking the white quilt around her body , and closed the shutters with a bang .
i bang on bishop 's door , even though part of me wants to wait until his song finishes .
i sat , hand pressed across my mouth , as the stomp of bare feet vibrated through the floorboards , succeeded briefly by the crash of the major 's door , which flung open , then shut with a bang .
while i was still debating whether to interfere , the stable-lad rolled on top of fergus , got his neck in both hands , and began to bang his head on the ground .
`` and damp powder may smolder for a long time , sassenach , but once it catches , it goes off with an almighty bang . ''
setting the cup down with a bang , he smiled vacantly around , his eyes unfocused .
the man , truculent and sweating from the trip through the courtyard to the porter 's lodge , dropped the last crate on top of the others with a bang .
at this , jamie finally lost his temper , which went off with a bang .
he repressed a strong urge to bang his head against the wall .
`` i ca n't say how long , but it 's goin ' up with an almighty bang .
the door closed behind him with a bang that blew out two more , and he peered into the sudden gloom , pushing a hand through his disheveled hair .
his touch on my br**sts had suddenly forged a link between my old life and this one , bringing my separate realities together with a bang like a thunderclap .
i managed to bang the beast 's head against the wall , but not hard enough to do much good .
the name stung my ear like a spider 's bite , and i dropped the lid with a bang .
`` my lass woke me , sayin ' as she thought there was a skelloch , like , and then we heard a bit of a bang , like- '' his eyes , hastily averted from me , went to the scar of raw wood in the whitewashed wall , left by jamie 's poker .
he would have taken her in his arms then , but she turned away , going to the window , where the shutters had begun to bang .
the bang was loud enough to temporarily silence everyone .
a figure stepped out of the darkness in front of me , and i nearly ran bang into it .
jamie winced at another bang of thunder , but nodded .
take a few staunch calvinists , convinced that if they did n't tuck their blankets tight , the pope would nip down the chimney and bite their toes , and bang them up in a prison cheek-by-jowl with men who prayed out loud to the virgin mary ... aye , he could see it .
`` when it went bang , d 'ye mean ? ''
jem , a ruradh-did ye hear a noise before the bang ? ''
mrs. peterson closes the door to the classroom with a bang and all eyes move from the back of the room , where alex and his friends are sitting , to the front where mrs. peterson is standing .
i want to bang my head against the wall , because she 's onto me .
`` we 're going to bang on the console a bit , get those lights flashing and alarms ringing .
i dropped in the corpse , and the lid slammed shut with a bang .
he slammed the door shut , locked it and pushed the safe into the safety deposit box with a loud bang .
a loud bang sounded from across the room , fol owed by a vibration in the floor .
a loud bang vibrated the wal , and bex flew back , skidding across the floor .
the fence rattles as my teammates bang on it , screaming at the injustice .
i dash across the parking lot and bang on mom 's door as i try the knob .
ivy bent to lightly bang her head against the table .
`` all right , so while you go bang your prince charming and begin your happily ever after , i might go use my condoms .
more than ready for their first hot bang of the night .
`` speaking of which , i was considering a quick bang with a chick i met at the pool , but i came up here instead .
i asked him to meet me there and to head home from there so we 're not alone , but i can always bang him in the bathroom or a goddamn maintenance closet .
and bang me , brett !
`` too bad we do n't want to bang each other .
so many nights she 'd lain here and listened to the couple next door bang the walls and raise the roof getting it on ; now they could probably hear her .
she 'd picked out two little cherries as the design she wanted , which he could bang out in ten minutes .
give me a scorpion or a gecko or something any day , i 'll bang it out in no time .
what would his best friend think if he told him he 'd just had the best bang of his life , and he was hiding out in the bathroom like a virgin on prom night ?
i stumble trying to climb up a particularly high step and i bang my shins , hard , on the harsh , jagged edge of the stair .
gabe strode past the startled receptionist and opened charles 's door with a bang .
wandering over to the bookcase , he listened to her bang and clatter around in the kitchen while he looked at the wall of knowledge .
nor did he budge from his sprawl in the chair , or even so much as flinch as his mother continued to huff and puff and bang on the door .
she slept on , innocently luring him to start the day with a bang ... darcy awoke with a gasp , heat flaring across her skin in a molten wave .
in his classic memoir of 1910 , a whoops and a bang : the shadowhunter of the modern age , henry branwell hypothesizes a single mark that could be used to cause the buttons of a sensor ( or anything else ) to appear in the native language of the person holding it .
i bang chicks younger than you , son . ''
instead , i bang around the exit , wincing at the painful sound of metal scraping along metal , but then we depart hon-durren 's kingdom .
and , holy shit , would i ever love to bang that body .
sherebraided it with the speed of experience , securing the end with a clip and tossing the thick rope of hair over her shoulder to bang against her back .
one touch and `` bing , bang , boom , just like that , '' dad would say , `` i knew she was the one for me . ''
so far , there 'd never been a bing , bang , boom for travis .
hurrying inside , she let the screen door close with a bang behind her .
but just as she was about to do it , there was a bang .
throwing a heavy woolen shawl over her shoulders , she headed out of the library , just as the front door crashed open with a thunderous bang .
she closed her eyes , just as the gun went off with a loud bang , propelling her backward against the trunk of a tree .
she shuddered at the thought of it , just as a loud bang sounded against the door to the chamber .
chapter sixteen in his excitement to get on with the matter at hand , william gave the bedroom door a hard shove , closing it behind them with a loud bang that drew a gasp from lucy .
`` a gang bang ? ''
connor gaped as they drained their glasses , then set them down with a bang .
half that shit is a bona fide gang bang . ''
there was a hard squeak of a spigot handle , followed by the bang of kade 's shower door as he stepped out and walked into the connected dressing area .
i heard a loud bang .
he pauses and there 's a loud bang .
she went on in a low voice , `` maybe when this is all over- '' she was cut off by the bang of a door .
even if i wasn`t preoccupied about reuniting with alexander , the thought of amateur drummers learning how to bang on instruments for two hours was enough to make me mental .
an explosive bang from the front hall made us freeze in our tracks .
then there was a loud crack and a bang and the truck dipped forward .
i 'd like to go bang on honoria fell 's tomb and ask her if she can explain , but she would n't talk to me .
not as much bang !
she felt the floor bang her palms and rump as her legs gave way .
he thought she was about to say something when both of them heard the workshop door suddenly bang open .
right now i have better things to do , like starting our honeymoon off with a bang .
`` we should leave this place with a bang . ''
it would bang on the metal bed-frame thingummy - `` `` oh , for god 's sake , bonnie !
something just went bang on the top of the jag .
that first bang had really been a slam , though .
`` caroline has decided to wear her hair down tonight and curled with a swept bang with simple makeup to accent her daring red lipstick , '' ellie finished .
maybe mom is never coming home again and - just as i start to feel seriously anxious , as if i might need to bang the heel of my hand against my forehead , i hear a car pull into the driveway .
a dusty box of percussion instruments - tambourines , triangles , cymbals , and wooden sticks you bang together - reminds me of the music room in the bad place and music relaxation class , which i attended until i was kicked out .
these thoughts make me want to bang my fist against the little white scar above my right eyebrow , which itches every time i get confused or agitated .
i tell mom i do n't really want to bang pots and pans , especially since i am tired from spending the day outside in the cold , so from the couch , we watch people celebrating in times square .
it seems that lag i had , which i 'm totally putting down to jake 's huge bang back into my life , vanished with him going back to la .
then i come down from my jake high with a hard bang .
i bang my hands on the table .
i bang my palm against forehead .
heels click away from me ; then i hear the door shut with a bang .
a bang on the door frightens the shit out of me , and then tom 's loud voice booms .
i just ... '' i bang my forehead against the window .
i hear a door bang .
go out , get wasted , bang a bimbo .
she was just about to turn when a bang cracked the air around her .
it had hit his chest and bounced off before the flash bang had exploded and sent him into silent darkness .
if he 'd just wanted to bang the f**k out of her , he would have been all right .
a loud bang shot through the little plane .
tightening her fists at her sides , she exhaled sharply and resisted the urge to bang her cupboard doors to vent her frustration .
if you 've got to be with one chick for the rest of your life , then you should at least get to go out with a bang .
jordan jerks out of his chair , causing it to bang to the floor , bringing mine , and every eye in this place , to him .
with every thrust , my legs bang into the table .
when i came home from the library , i forgot all those things and treated the apartment door like it was the entrance of a flophouse , throwing the heavy wood structure open with a bang , not caring that the newly plastered walls might be dented by the antiqued brass doorknob .
an echoing bang on the other end of the line made my blood run cold .
distantly , nikolai heard the bang of a screen door .
after a few minutes more , i heard the door bang open , and shepley complaining between grunts .
`` well honey if anyone ever needed a good bang , it 's you , '' laughed suzy .
she pulled the door closed with a bang .
we def need to go out with a bang . ''
this time , it 's me avoiding eye contact with her as i head over the connecting door and bang on it .
much too soon , i hear a bang on the door and know it 's sebastian and aspen to wake us up .
the show 's outline had to be in soon , and she wanted to be prepared to launch her second season with a bang .
`` it 's her first time and you 're going to bang her on a kitchen table ? ''
joshua was distracted by the commotion long enough for alyssa to grip the unfamiliar gun , point , and ... bang !
he no longer seemed to want revenge or simply to bang her out of his system .
he 'd ravish her over the little table and bang away at her like there was no tomorrow .
a second later , a loud bang resounded , and the back window on the passenger 's side shattered .
`` all he wanted was to go out with a bang .
i bang the back of my head against the stall door in frustration .
my body jerks and my knees bang on the table hard , forcing the cutlery to bounce all over .
a loud bang resounds through the room .
`` i am never drinking again , '' then throw my head down on the table with a bang .
moving across the van , i bang on the divider and shout out , `` rock , turn around ! ''
there was a bang , followed by a muffled thump , followed by a shout .
like `` trapped on a desert island with nothing but coconuts to bang together '' miserable .
a quick secret bang was one thing , but a date was ... well , it felt like more .
when did i bang my head and go into this dream about work ? ''
i park in my assigned spot next to the trashcans , kill the engine , and slowly bang my forehead against the steering wheel .
hell , better than any romantic comedy scriptwriters could bang out with a huge advance and nora ephron 's ghost coaching them while judd apatow gives them neck massages .
they bang into my bones , my skin , my muscles .
my fingers worry the little button , and in frustration i bang it-hard-against the edge of the desk .
`` i needed a bang trim really bad , but my usual stylist was out .
my heart began to bang against my chest as fear enveloped me .
i felt the need to bang my head on the table in front of me , but i refrained .
`` oh come on , emmie lou , you had half the male population jonesing for you back in the day , and if you got your head out of your ass and back into the dating game , you would see that straight dudes everywhere want to bang that hot bod of yours . ''
at that moment if there was any way possible to actually fly the plane and bang him , she would have tried .
she 'd had other short term relationships that started with a bang and then fizzled out fast .
you figure you 'll keep her around for a few days , bang her a few more times , and then let her down easy .
with that he strode to the back door and let it shut behind him with a bang .
or bang his head against a wall , maybe .
he heard the bang and rattle of the metal ladder against the house .
i 'll even get into character and bang my hands on my chest before throwing you on the floor and taking you like an animal . ''
quickly , she walked into the room and set the tray down on the coffee table with a smart bang .
when he slammed the door shut behind him it was with a bang of finality that left her dejected and drained .
there she lifted the knocker to announce her arrival and with each bang she imagined the hammer coming down , driving the nails into the lid of the coffin that would be her life from here on .
her mind made up she turned , ready to hurry back to her room to get her running shoes when she heard a bang and a loud wail .
she 'd hardly gotten the words out when she heard a loud bang and whirled around to find the cellar door slammed shut .
another man grabbed the other end , fitted it against a frame and proceeded to bang away , not seeming to care one hoot that he was making one heck of a racket .
almost immediately she heard the front door bang back against the woodwork .
`` you know , one of those things that go bang . ''
a loud bang , then another and his body tensed , ready for the shots as something crashed into him , hurling him into the side of the car and then down to the concrete pavement .
the opera ended on a loud bang and tara sat straight up in her seat , instantly awake and looking around , trying to figure out what had just happened .
this was a wonderful opportunity and she needed to grab the bull by the horns and do a bang up job of decorating this man 's home .
velvet wanted to bang her head on the counter .
`` after all the preparations -- - '' the outer door of misty 's hotel suite slammed shut with a loud bang .
saffi managed to pull her lips away when she heard a loud bang , just in time to see staffan draw the blinds closed to cover the glass wall of the dj 's booth .
`` need you bang my door as if you 're calling on death ? ''
going out with a big bang had probably not been a good idea .
if she did n't reappear soon he might come and bang on the door .
i ca n't think straight if you 're going to bang trash cans around , '' she added somewhat unfairly , describing the minor noise he was making .
after a few more seconds i heard a loud bang and something shattered , as if glass were thrown across the room .
shehab waved at mennah , who tried to reach him by pawing the screen , before starting to bang on it in chagrin when she could n't .
i had the urge to bang on the door and scream at him for treating me like a child , but i resisted the urge .
he always told me who his latest bang was , usually someone he hooked up with on grindr .
how i could have been sneaking away with celia for a bang in a stall instead of hiding her from my slut of a father .
it 's okay to want him to bang you until you ca n't walk straight . ''
`` i promise that when i get you home i 'll bang you so long they 'll send out a search party for you , but can you just hang on for a couple of hours more ? ''
he wanted to bang his head against each and every one .
it landed with a damp thud on the sand , not the satisfying bang she 'd needed .
peter continued to bang on his door , begging him to open it and let him inside .
he did n't want the rest of the afternoon turning into a freak show , or worse , an illegal gang bang with minors .
he 'd bang his head against the wall if he had to .
the gun went off with a loud bang and jase pummeled him to the floor .
at one point , the twins took turns fucking luis 's face while jase continued to bang his ass with loud smacks .
luis took each jerk , bang , and knock-front and back-with grace and ease , silently begging for more , as if he could n't seem to get enough .
chapter eighteen emma slammed her apartment door behind her just to have the satisfaction of listening to it bang .
after all , how much could a guy care about his girl if he 'd rather bang her in a hotel than his own bed ?
another bang of his mug .
thats where youre wrong , she declared , tempted to bang her mug back at him .
then she jumped at a sudden bang as the door was kicked in .
if he wants to have anal sex with me and make me come at his leisure and then bang the stewardess , what can i do about it other than have some self respect and quit ?
and i did n't think he would bang nadia with me on board .
i want to bang my head on the table .
i ring her doorbell for the third time and finally just bang on the door with my fist .
his crutches crashed to the floor with a bang when he let go of them to hold onto me .
there 's a loud bang on the wall jamie and i share with douglas , followed by a very loud , very satisfied groan .
she heard the bang of dishes , then all went quiet .
`` ian wo n't want his for a while yet , but i could bang out something for you . ''
i was saved from having to answer when a muffled bang came from below .
i was supposed to show up here and bang as many guys as i needed to until i got some answers .
with a bang of his gavel , we were done .
every telltale bang of the headboard .
`` obviously i did n't do such a bang up job of walkin ' on it today . ''
the problem is- '' i do n't know if he 's attracted to me , `` -i have n't found a guy i could even pretend i 'd want to bang , let alone finding the real deal . ''
but i do want you to bang me like a drum , mckay .
they hit the castle floor with a loud bang , but at least boomer was beneath her .
you 're the one who likes to bang off the bat , and that 's fine .
jace 's heart started to bang like an unlocked door in a windstorm .
when i realize whats happened , i step forward again and bang on the door .
with a bang on the outside , i heard the woman shout , `` go ! ''
the truck door makes a loud bang as i swing it tight .
cuts me off , followed by a piercing scream , a loud bang , and the sound of crashing glass inside my apartment .
at that moment a loud bang sounded from downstairs .
`` stupid witch , '' i muttered , thinking i must want to go to the west coast and bang my head against the scholarly walls .
a loud bang shook me , and a ball of electrical light flashed at the top of a pole .
her shout of protest was drowned out by a loud bang , and the heavy steel door burst inward , landing askew on the front couch in the lower living room .
and with a bang that echoed in my soul , the bubble of time popped .
i scrubbed a hand down my face , resisting the urge to bang my head against the bed rail .
thane was a serial bang and bailer .
`` excellent idea , '' bellorie said , settling atop the new bed in the room formerly known as bang and bail central .
any more of this , and she was going to bang her head into the wall until she passed out .
but she was n't a needy little girl anymore , and she was n't going to be some guy 's bang and bail ever again .
the bang is so loud it hurts my ears .
frantic , i bang against the glass as hard as i can .
i hear a click , and a bang .
i hear a bang , and the glass cracks .
maybe it will just be a bang , and the lights will lift , and i will find myself in another world .
all of them falling-they must be dead , or dying-as the earsplitting bang of bullets filling my ears .
i hear another bang , and another .
we hear a loud bang , and then a high ringing , the aftereffects of firing a gun in such a close space .
at the sharp bang , i burst into a run , dragging caleb with me .
`` maybe bang him on the bar .
did you bang your foot ? ''
i brought my fist down on my desk with a loud bang .
there was a huge bang .
do n't even mention him , '' i replied tersely , pulling his mouth back down to mine with enough force to bang our teeth together .
then dana 'i wanted to bang your boyfriend ' welsh had pissed all over my quite enjoyable parade .
chapter fifteen i bang on james 's back door , and then , when that fails to make it open , kick it at the same time .
the front door slammed against the wall with a loud bang .
we stared each other down for a few breaths , my heart pounding in my chest , each steady thump like a deliberate bang on a drum .
18 the big bang .
alice was just about to bang harder , when she noticed a pale blue envelope taped to the doorframe , her name written on the front in ella 's familiar scrawl .
i thrashed and writhed , squirming under his touch until with a bang i landed in a heap on the floor , gasping .
`` just come bang on the door when you 're ready in the morning .
turned the corner and bang ! ''
deep down in their psyches , both brothers were really just waiting to get old enough to sit on a porch and bang things with a shovel .
a lot of flash and bang ... much like himself and ty .
a loud bang goes off in the woods , and we pull back .
`` yeah , you 're kind of like a sister to me , but i 'd totally bang you if the opportunity presented itself . ''
`` holden just came in and told me you two were back on-that prom night is going to end with a bang . ''
it 's obvious this night is going to end with a bang , and now i feel like an idiot for putting myself within shooting , or rather bedding , range .
various programs briefly passed my vision - until i saw the familiar face of sheldon cooper pop up , and i kept it on the channel that was currently airing the big bang theory .
a loud bang erupted from beside me , abruptly cutting our laughter short .
and i did a bang up job and found 'em .
you let jake go , bitch , you 're never gettin ' him back no matter how many boy-men you bang . ''
`` i 'll just say that it 's only been a day where things have been cool between us and you 're already doing a bang up job getting in there , '' i told him .
you did a bang up job .
we had a split second to brace then , bang !
he was just beginning to bang his head against the wall when he heard a male chuckle behind him .
jaymeson dropped the skillet onto the stove making the loudest bang of all time .
the candles flipped out of their holders , rolled off the table , and hit the floor with a bang .
a loud bang hit the wall farthest from the bed .
a big guy slams into me hard enough that i bang into one of the metal-grid dividers .
a loud bang vibrated down the hallway .
her head hit the boards with a sharp bang .
others said that it was a rip in space made during the big bang .
there was a loud bang from below , which confused me .
`` what he means is , i do n't bang women at work . ''
at that moment , george let out a chuff - and the insistent knock that followed suggested wrath might have missed the first bang on his door .
we reached my dad 's office , and i pushed open the door , letting it bang against the wall to announce our presence .
but when she fired a shot at the lock , the low bang still echoed around the lobby .
i stand so fast my stool hits the bar with a bang .
a bang resounded far below , indicating that the plane had come to rest .
he did n't know whether to bang on the door or leave .
inside , he knew he 'd find rooms where these men could take the girls for just about any activity they chose , including a gang bang .
dropping her suitcase onto the marble floor with a resounding bang , she came hurrying back .
he did n't want to wake her mother by causing the headboard to bang against the wall .
the barn door slid open with a resounding bang .
with a final bang on the door to show his frustration , he turned and headed down the walkway to the circular drive where he 'd left his lexus .
i thought big hit should go out with a bang instead of scuttling off like a dog with its tail between its legs .
the memory of kyle coming forward to tell her he 'd been with noelle made her want to bang her head on the steering wheel again .
he and his friends loved to bang on the house or scratch on the wall , anything to frighten me .
the bang almost caused her to fall off the stoop .
the bang of his door made misty jump , but colin seemed to ignore it .
he passed the trike with the pink tassels , stepped over a small pair of rubber boots lying near the steps and opened the screen door so he could bang on the wooden panel behind it .
they would n't be out of the mountains for another twenty miles ... . hannah wanted to bang her head on the steering wheel in frustration .
the sudden bang took hannah by surprise .
if not for kenny and brent , she 'd curse the day her mother had ever moved next door to the prices ' ... . she listened , wondering if he 'd bang on the door again , wanting to continue his apology .
chapter four delaney shoved the door out of rebecca 's grasp the moment she opened to her knock , and let it bang against the inside wall as she stormed through .
`` i mean , i wanted to leave with a bang , but putting my stepfather away for twenty years was n't exactly what i had in mind , '' she said .
the backstage door opened and closed with a bang .
my words were loud and incoherent , and i could hear him trying to bang the door down .
i twisted around as another bang went off .
aware of everyone staring at us , i allowed benjy to lead me to the exit as the bang of fireworks echoed from the garden .
it is as if a hundred minstrels have all decided to bang their drums at the same time .
i hear a loud bang down the hall ; i glance in the direction the noise came from .
i hear a bang in the distances followed by my name again .
i was kind enough to let him sleep in , so i did n't bang on the door before ten .
`` rob ... if i was planning to move out , why would i tie myself to a boyfriend i ca n't even bang before bed ?
i could n't stop the command and jolted when the gun went off in a thunderous bang .
`` but you did n't , uh , bang her ? ''
i bang on the front door of ethan and lila 's house as hard as i can .
she locks herself in the bathroom and wo n't open the door , even when i bang on it so hard it sounds like it 's going to break .
`` i ca n't think of anything right now , '' i mutter , my gaze darting to the front door when i hear a sharp bang .
another loud bang and the whole door rattles .
`` hey maybe i wanted him to bang me in the backroom , '' i state , elevating my eyebrows as i walk backwards , facing him .
more whimper than bang .
`` maybe next time i will just bang him on the kitchen table , so nobody even has to come looking . ''
what he was doing was so intimate to me , this was n't someone that just wanted to bang , and this was someone who was taking care of me .
he just wants to bang her .
i stayed like that for a long time , staring off into space and worrying about the protectorate and what the rest of the powers that were planned to do to me tomorrow during my trial- a sharp bang snapped me out of my thoughts .
in fact , after last night and this morning , i wish we could just rip everything off of this table and bang like wild animals . ''
a bang erupted from the apartment and callum jumped .
there 's a bang on the door , and my body tightens and quivers in reaction , shaking and waiting as i hold myself utterly still .
i groan and bang my palm to my head , but in the end , we all burst out laughing .
she hoped that ultimately her theories could be used to help physicists understand exactly what went on in the universe in the first few seconds after the big bang . ''
my heart was a fist , bruising my ribs ; every step was a solid bang that shuddered up my spine .
a loud bang of thunder shook the house , and she shrieked .
cherie looked over the three male shifters as though they did n't impress her , named a park outside shiftertown where olaf liked to go , and retreated with a decisive bang of the door .
kim 's heart skipped a beat , then gave a hard bang .
i ran right out of that house and let the door bang behind me , so i did n't hear any more .
daniel fought off four pairs of fists , feet , knees , elbows , he making practiced jabs with his knife before a chance bang to his wrist made him drop it .
he tried to think of other ways into the conversation-casually mentioning something else they 'd already discussed over e-mail , some other inside joke-but over his shoulder , there was a sharp bang as a photographer got too close to the window with his camera , and graham realized that maybe this was n't the right moment after all .
she rested her head on the cabinet next to her , giving it a slight bang out of sheer frustration .
a bang on the door had denise jumping back even as spade turned around with a curse .
or when people bang on the front door . ''
i 'd learned the hard way yesterday not to bang on the outer door , because this just annoyed mr. hall .
the pit bull became hysterical , but the aluminum door did not bang shut .
she fell out of bed and ran to bang on the door .
then my shoulder hit the rusty wall of the trestle , and the bang echoed against the hills .
u.s. 98 was n't the most evenly paved highway , and i did n't want to bang his nose with my electronics in addition to whacking his leg with my bug .
he had no sooner spoken the words than the back door slammed open with a bang .
he put his orange juice cup down on the table with a happy bang , and juice slopped over the edge .
used to bang anything that stepped in front of him .
not that a baby is a negative , necessarily-but seeing a chick with one does n't automatically make us want to bang her .
`` if kate told me i could bang her all i wanted and i never had to worry about knocking her up ?
i do n't know what caused me to wake up until i hear another loud bang coming from the kitchen or living room .
`` find someone you- '' i 'm cut off mid-sentence when there is a loud bang in the hall followed by a lot of grunts .
luc shut the door , then proceeded to bang his forehead against it .
`` magical flash bang , '' he said .
`` that 's decent , '' brody said , offering a fist so they could bang them together .
the soap slipped out of my hand and hit the floor of the shower with a loud bang .
all the windows began to rattle and the door flew open to bang against the wall .
the door slammed open , smacking the wall with a bang and sam stormed in the room .
then i heard the scrape of a chair , a loud bang , and another cry .
i 'm not going to bang a chick three hours after meeting her if she looks like my uncle mike . ''
she could n't take back her behavior-or his , but she could finish this wedding with a bang .
she had to worry about finishing this party with a bang .
the chair she 'd been sitting in fell backward from her sudden movement , smacking to the bricks with a bang .
after five minutes of trying out different keys , his door opened with a bang and in marched the four men .
i find his room and bang on the door .
a loud bang makes me jump , and i turn with my hand pressed against my chest .
the door slams behind me with a bang that ricochets through the house .
i bang the table .
the brick wall across the street is looking like a really , really good place to bang my head against right now .
i settle on the couch with my mug and switch the big bang theory on .
`` put the big bang theory on and i might just forgive the fact your bra is hanging over the back of the chair and making me hard as hell . ''
`` then we 'll go home , get in sweatpants , and watch the big bang theory .
she resisted the urge to bang out her frustration on the piano again and instead forced herself to focus on the real source of her agitation .
then emily had told him she was pregnant and now he had to make like he was a devoted dad when he was dying to bang this chick in his study hall .
of course he was curious , but she 'd answered these questions so many times she wanted to bang her head against a wall .
how convenient that there were four pretty walls nearby for her to bang her hard head against .
still checking out his boots and that lone dog tag attached to id a dead aviator when his body was blown to bits , carson heard the front door creak open and bang closed .
maybe she could bang around some dirty pots in the kitchen .
alix held two in her hands and proceeded to bang them together like cymbals .
a flash and a horrific bang .
the terrible , terrible bang .
she marched up to the door and lifted the great iron ring that served as knocker , letting it fall with a sharp bang .
seductive , husky laughter whispered in his mind ... bang !
said to bang a drum incessantly at night .
she was interrupted by another loud bang !
he spun , faster and faster , until sparks flew from his whirling body , until black smoke billowed from his ears , until the very ground quaked beneath him , and then , bang !
she chose to be in this position when she decided to bang angelo . ''
there 's muffled shuffling , then a bang , followed by a whispered , `` fuck ! ''
chapter 9 a loud bang rang out , causing me to jump as abby let out a startled scream .
i ducked low as another bang shattered the air and the weird , echoing screams of the creatures filled the night .
they hissed and screeched as another reverberating bang erupted .
a thumping bang shook the store and caused me to stumble a little .
a huge crack fissured across the ceiling , a resounding bang rocked every wall of the building .
i 'd made it another twenty feet when a rocking bang from above caused the pipe to shudder .
cade lurched forward , grabbing hold of my arms he pulled me down and covered me with his body as another loud bang rent the air .
another loud bang shattered one of the windows at the far end of the store as the explosions seemed to get steadily closer .
he sent her a small glimmer of a smile and when her eyes met his , his heart reacted with a hard bang .
`` well , you certainly chose to start with a bang .
she heard a bang , as if he 'd run into something .
noah wanted to open the roof-top restaurant with a bang on new year 's eve .
her head begins to hit something hard above her , with every fourth bang the car makes .
kevin was using thin bamboo sticks topped with tied-on seashells to bang on a set of sawed-off , upright bamboo poles , in a very danceable rhythm .
two plates bang down in front of us with no warning .
i get very little satisfaction from the loud bang .
colin and alissa are going to be getting up soon and they 're going to come over here and bang on the door and expect to see two messy beds .
guys like him would rather go out with a bang than be chained up . ''
i pull from james and bang the back of my head on the corner of the wooden bleacher above us .
then she took the card and slapped it-lipstick side first-against the window with a loud bang so it stuck there .
suddenly there was a bang from the supply closet and i turned to face it .
`` try and get it back to me tomorrow , '' i said to christian , feeling distressed and tossing a look at him as i slammed my locker door shut with a loud bang .
it was the sudden bang in his chest and impact to his head .
when my forehead met his there was the strangest bang inside my body , i guessed that antonio felt it too because he gasped also .
i jumped back in fright at the loud bang that issued from the door , shaking it on its hinges .
i wanted to bang my head against the low , wood table in front of tory , ry and me .
more like a bang .
smack bang in the middle of it was rick and i .
with a bang he opened the door , stepped inside , and stopped dead when he saw the outline of a small woman dancing behind the fogged glass .
with a bang , he opened the door , stepped inside , and stopped dead when he saw the outline of a small woman dancing behind the fogged glass .
sitting at the weight machine , working my lats , i pull down a little too hard on the bar , and then let it go too fast , and a loud bang follows .
alarmed , he eased back , but before he could try again , there was a bang that made him jerk by reflex , smacking his head against the perspex .
i cut him off and bang both of my hands on his desk , leaning forward so he knows this conversation belongs to me .
i bang on the cage .
i need to bang something-or someone-hard .
i use my elbow to bang on the screen .
and i want to start things off with a bang .
he continued to bang dudes while we were together-well , not dudes .
some small-time singer who 's trying to bang her way to the top .
i 'd bang her . ''
i 'm washing my hands when i hear the stall door bang open .
margaret sat up , careful not to bang her head on the bunk above .
it was little surprise : four floors down , bang on the waterline , it was unlikely the mess had ever enjoyed more than the faintest whisper of fresh air .
but it had proven impossible to run the wheelbarrow and sack races safely around the planes , and even when they were moved , hoisted around by the gantry or pushed by whistling deck hands , the women , unused to their shape , would repeatedly bang themselves on wings or knock into propellers .
granta house was on the other side of stortfold castle , close to the medieval walls , on the long unpavemented stretch that comprised only four houses and the national trust shop , bang in the middle of the tourist area .
in more than a hey , let 's bang kind of way , too .
`` that i use this loft as my swinging bachelor pad where i bring all my conquests and bang them . ''
just as i pushed her back onto the mattress , a loud bang came at our door .
when she had stepped out of the bedroom wearing it , i had to hold myself back not to rush forward and bang her in the hallway .
i hear a bang , the loudest noise i 've ever heard in my life , and my heart beats faster than i can ever remember .
i hear that same bang again , this time even louder , before seeing max fall to the floor .
august 7th these are my own private thoughts and if i 'm going to wuss out in this journal , i might as well do a bang up job at it .
a loud bang sounded from down the hall , startling her and making her almost jump out of her skin .
their astronomical data has also been perverted to support this theory and as a result they have a theory of a big bang as the start of the universe 4 billion years in their past .
okay , so race day did n't start off with a bang .
but i made damn sure it ended with a bang that had people talking about me for weeks .
people roam the streets ; some of them bang on our window and ask for help , others just throw things at us .
no point in trying to bang the door then .
with a squeeze of the trigger , the rifle muzzle lit the room , flashing with a loud bang .
a flash and a bang ended his life .
with a loud bang , the room was covered with blood , bone and flesh that ricocheted in all directions spraying aquarius as he fell back onto the linoleum kitchen floor .
then there was a bang as his knife , which was still stuck between the doors fell and hit the floor .
an idea that would give him a better bang for his buck .
yes , well be leaving them for the big bang , remmie reconfirmed and laughed .
my preferred backup weapon is a bang stick .
i had my bang stick .
he reached over and tore my bang stick from my arm .
i grabbed my bang stick next .
its a bang stick !
what do you think about attaching the garrote to the tip of the bang stick , just at the edge of your sleeve ?
say the magic trigger and a two foot wire will appear between the two bang sticks .
i have mithril tubes that should work as barrels for your bang sticks .
i can make you a much better bang stick than the one you made yourself .
my original bang stick barrel had been flush with the shotgun shell .
there was a bang and a fireball appeared between us .
when they saw the flash and heard the bang , even though their conscious minds knew it came from me , their instincts said it came from him .
barely in time , he bowed his head and my palm and the tip of my bang stick hit his helmet .
both my bang sticks were expended , and though i still had the tasers and garrote , i couldnt let the jotunn get their hands on me ; they were just too big and strong and heavy .
but if i had i would have loaded my bang sticks with white phosphorus rounds and i wouldnt have a jotunn prisoner .
then he heard a bang .
well in 4013 , the big bang theory is still the most commonly accepted theory on how the universe was formed .
in your opinion , does the big bang theory disprove the creation story in genesis ?
so would it surprise you to learn that george lemaitre , the noble prize winning physicists that authored the big bang theory , was also a roman catholic priest ?
in the 21st century , one of the strongest cases for the complexity argument was that if the rate of acceleration after the big bang was a fraction greater or smaller than it was , the right proportions of base elements would n't have been created to support the formation of matter .
i must admit that i was so tied up in thinking that the creation story was supposed to be literally true , that the idea that the big bang could have been how god did it , never even occurred to me .
well about 500 years into your future , mankind discovers how to recreate the big bang , at what you think of as the sub-atomic level , jacob continued .
after all , i knew scientists were already experimenting with particle accelerators in an attempt to recreate some of the conditions of the big bang .
at least not yet , scientists have run over 4,300 big bang simulations over the last 1,500 years , and the outcome has always been the same .
as in your time , the big bang theory is still the leading scientific theory on how the universe came into being .
anyway , as we have already discussed , there is no need to get exotic to explain the rate of expansion , once you have the bang the rate of the expansion is the same .
instead i wrote this story for all those people out there who , like me , grew up believing that genesis was supposed to be a literal account of creation , and that scientific theories , like the big bang and evolution , were anti-creation , anti-god .
technically , i told them not to bang on duty , and not to do it in a public place .
'i had a really scary wobble and a bang . '
'i go bang , you lot are okay . '
they clamped gently around it , and nothing went bang .
'hoping i go bang and take this thing with me ? '
its really hard to kill people by pointing at them and yelling bang .
on saturday , it was big bang day at the power station .
there was a big truck jackknifed and that made a huge bang , as i assume it ploughed into the cars that had crashed .
it exploded with a bang and smoke suddenly enveloped the area .
a fist crashed into the table with a loud bang .
for the price of a cup of joe , you could bang away at a keyboard , web slinging for hours .
yes , wait he said the big bang was the firing of a single neuron in the mind of god .
for when we speak of the big bang , it is always in the past tense .
the result of the big bang was the formation and distribution of stellar matter .
mature celestial objects formed millions of years after the big bang .
yet we , in our short-sighted consciousness think of the big bang as a very old , past event , even as it continues to unfold around us .
from gods point of view , the big bang is an event just now occurring .
pasha moved his unruly auburn bang aside from his forehead .
jeanette cracked a sad-looking smile and said , at least he can bang , right ?
as a matter of fact , it was n't really an explosion at all ; it was more like a flash of light , an echoing bang and some smoke .
i 'm being punched , '' leon screeched as another bang echoed loudly .
it took a few minutes for one of the group to first notice the message on the screen , and only a few moments later for the loud bang on the door announcing the arrival of the thai police .
mountains rise up reminding there are no limits no ceiling to bang your head against .
before andra could reply , there was a loud bang , the drop-ship shook violently .
`` ca n't quote him exactly , but it was along the lines of 'without light there is no shadow , without shadow there is no light ' - which from a scientific point of view is bang on correct . ''
zeina and her group were at the school when they heard a loud bang and chant , provoking them to fight .
lola was full on for vengeance , roach was keen to bang some heads together and minos and i could have destroyed his entire life .
by the time he arrived the incident room was bang up to date with all the developments .
they thought they would go out with a big bang , in the same way they thought we came in .
it was their way of going out with a bang .
when the final bang of the auction gavel came down , the crowd again erupted with chatter .
suddenly it popped free with a loud bang into the door frame .
with a loud bang the boulder disintegrated , sending rocks and dirt flying through the courtyard .
but before they could make it back to the balcony a loud bang rang out from behind one of the doors , quickly followed by a scream .
dalmar and hele hurry after me before timofei swings the door shut with a reverberating bang .
some say she was the cause of the big bang .
she was the reason for the big bang after all .
the insane woman thought as she decided to go out with a bang .
with a bang i made a large crater in the black surface of the planet .
the loud bang echoed through the entire mall .
things like visiting a black hole and seeing how it relates to the big bang of a new universe .
the 18th of next month marks the 30th anniversary of the big bang , the term that virtdyne uses to describe the activation of the computer simulation that gave birth to the virtual universe of the game .
before the big bang gave life to the game , tygon was a flightless world .
there was a flash of orange light and bang !
there was a noise behind him followed by a loud bang that reverberated through the basement .
i feel sick , my stomach is twisting , and with every new bang and scream from outside it twists a little more , ready to spill my stomach contents to the floorrather like sandys , i cant help but think morbidly .
a bang from the back garden interrupts us and we both run to the back window and peep out through the curtains .
i scream and run out of the door , coming straight smack bang into a stray deader .
what we can clarify through scientific method is the evolution of the universe from that point on in what has come to be known as the big bang theory .
a few minutes into the expansion , when the temperature was about a billion kelvin , neutrons combined with protons to form the universes deuterium and helium nuclei in a process called big bang nucleosynthesis .
the big bang theory was first proposed in 1927 by georges lemaitre , a belgian physicist and roman catholic priest , who called it the hypothesis of the primeval atom .
after the big bang , a large rotating cloud of interstellar dust and gas composed of hydrogen and helium , called a solar nebular , formed our solar system .
many times while video chatting with harry , her stepfather would bang on her door yelling , if you dont stop playing on the computer , im going to shut off the internet !
a loud bang rang out from the cabinet , accompanied by a red flash .
suddenly another bang echoed through the canyon , and jakar fell motionless onto the ground .
he made no pleas of mercy , no shouts of anger , as the bang of a gunshot pierced his ears .
the shadows that flung themselves through the corridor stunned her into blindness once the door swung closed with a bang .
from outside the shuttle came a clatter , the squeal and bang of heavy equipment , the ring of bootfalls and voices .
as it rang out with an ear-splitting bang , she screamed .
every step was solid , and the bang of the metal underneath seemed to shift right through her .
but while he was unlucky enough to re-materialize smack bang inside a giant chunk of ore , she was fine .
he took off the mask and opened the door to the house while slamming it closed with a bang sound .
he wound up sitting resuming his staring at the walls lengthy till a door bang sound broke his reverie .
sahra heard the start of a bang , but after that , it was a big , loud whine .
obviously , for the time off reward there had to be some limits imposed , otherwise people would bang themselves out of a job .
as the vision of coach passed around him , a terrific explosion rocked the inside of the obelisk , and it cracked in two with a bang .
the steel-toed missile flew through the fading form and slammed into the half-rotted door with a loud bang .
it hit with a bang she had n't intended and she tensed again .
fast-forward five years and he is a cop patrolling the same streets he used to bang on .
another bang sounded from mech bay .
it should be bang on ten thousand .
if atreus had had the nerve to take his eyes off the road and look in his rear view mirror , he would have seen lord amherst bang his hand on the steering wheel , but atreus had other concerns to deal with .
lets just get out of here before amherst catches up and gets to bang us up a second time .
she shot upright with a bang .
entry 1-130 : may 4 , 2013 starting with a bang i have noticed that as the world 's collective attention span grows shorter , some movies have resorted to starting out with an explosion or chase scene then rolling back in time leading up to that event .
so thank you would-be assassins for letting me start the new book with a bang !
it was able to capture and focus on photons that were emitted only 50 million years after the big bang .
in my opinion , this destroys the validity of the big bang theory .
i 'd deal with them later but then bang , it hit me , just like something out of masters of the universe , rei , rome , minimcom and omcom would hold aason over their head and instead of saying `` by the power of grayskull '' they 'd shout `` we are here '' like horton hears a who .
the universe has just been created by the big bang .
the bang reverberated in the space and made him wince .
it was a dangerous and close game to play and every bang that echoed up the column of the stairwell made him flinch .
that gave him the energy he needed to bang the door even louder and to actually manage a loud cry for help .
he was about to bang on the door again and was contemplating just shooting it open when he heard the latch click .
well , theres this thing called the big bang theory dont be a smart aleck .
this device , was the ancient recorder that darkside had discovered in antarctica years earlier ; the device which had first alerted them to the existence of the ancient human civilizations on earth and mars , previous to the now disproved big bang theory .
the bang this rocket made set all the other three off and pieces from the leading jet hit those following close by , exploding their armed rockets .
the snow silenced what would have been a deafening bang as the car slammed , head-first , into the lit street lamp .
when the jolt of electricity coursed through my body , i heard a deafening bang that i was sure had shattered my eardrums .
then , there was a deafening bang , and everyone in the room was thrown up into the air several feet , only to come smacking back to the ground .
in a blur of movement that sent my heart leaping back up and forward to bang hard against the wall of my chest , we were flying together and wrapping our arms around one another .
my heart began to bang painfully against my chest as a fear i could not fathom filled me up like scalding hot water .
just as we began to walk away with our hands clasped together , we jumped at the sound of a loud bang behind us .
a bang so powerful that it shook the very land beneath our feet made us turn our attention to the city .
he began to bang and yell to his partner in crime , but his partner didnt hear him .
one more problem and i swore i wanted to bang my head against a stack gold bars and give the ancients all the blood they desired .
adult reading material- graphic violence , language , sexual situations to alexander key , and his forgotten doors table of contents forward the last man in the world explains all ghost woods invisibility not with a bang do-over an unfortunate choice of words the world without souls reparations inherit the earth an inappropriate response about the author like these stories ?
back to top not with a bang ( original in ezine og 's speculative fiction magazine # 16. http : //theopinionguy.com/og16.pdf ) there was a body in the alley beside the apartment complex .
then they heard a bang as the door was shut .
a reason that is beyond almost everything that mankind thinks about , time travel , zombie apocalypses , another big bang , etc .
a loud bang rang out !
for others , he would cut loose their bound legs and arms , and let them bang their heads against anything they could find in order to stop the maddening pain .
when it reaches completion , dont be scared because it finishes with a grande bang .
sally soon saw a three-dimensional drake materialize with a whisper , upside down in the hollow part of a wave , and , although shawn had warned her , she jumped backwards two feet when a loud bang filled the lab with a shudder she could only compare to a california tremor .
if he hasnt experienced the bang when the figure matures , maybe its because his holograms only contain superficial or physical matter !
ill eat you up and , in my vastness , in my gigantic enormity , the intensity of my power and brightness will become insupportable until i implode into a tiny speck of luminosity , and then the big bang , dino intoned lifelessly .
she stepped back and let the screen bang shut .
the gun was pointed at me ; i was staring up into the barrel of it , staring , knowing that i would not see the bullet coming , i would scarcely hear the bang ...
but the sound of the door being burst through , and the deafening bang it made against the door-stop in the wall , sent her shooting up into a sitting position with a deafening scream that not only startled me but rattled me , too .
her scream cut off after that terrible bang .
after each click of his thumb he muttered , bang .
i was at the front door , and with somewhat more force that i intended to use , i flung it open , causing it to bang against the wooden railing and come flying back towards me .
james turns the street corner onto bang avenue nearly tripping over himself as he stumbled back after almost bumping into a woman taller and better built than james was .
all together close to the sky final fight beyond death shades secrets for ever a hundred years later big bang know more your comments are welcome !
big bang far in the future .
the bang and black smoke halted all grizzly firing for a moment .
anyhow , while at this comic book convention , looking through boxes , two big bang theory nerds looked in my direction and simply stated , i didnt know niggers read comic books .
a minute later there was a bang on the hatch and i opened the intercom .
to be technical , the year was something like 13,800,000,000 because humanity had , somewhere along the line , changed the year-counting system to make the start of year zero the moment of the big bang .
you turn a computer on and bang !
this ones pretty rickety , and the walls and the fug should make sure no one can hear if we bang around a bit .
they hit her with a family-sized feast of flash , bang , and lead .
expansion of the universe : the universe was thought to be expanding with a big bang .
if were all here because of some big bang 14 billion years ago , then what went boom ?
the door to the lab slides up into the ceiling with a bang .
* * * steve strode into the house as if he owned the place , allowing the screen door to bang noisily behind him .
for the moment , no matter how loud and enthusiastic the crowd , the inevitable conclusion of our mass marches was not a bang but a whimper .
youll get the cosmologists clever answer : time started after the big bang so your question makes no sense , hehehehe !
charles would often debate the big bang theory , to him it spat in the face of the laws of physics and needed some real evidence and , in truth , it was all just speculation .
our minds tirelessly awaited a sudden bang or a soft far away boom that might signal the end of days .
there is a loud bang , louder than anything i have ever heard .
he wanted a woman he could hike the andes mountains with , bang in the tent until daylight , then talk politics or science or books with over a cup of coffee and a breakfast fire .
i can have rose bang those out , frog thought .
in this type vehicle the flair was quick and low , one quick movement to get the nose out of the way then , bang it 's on the ground .
as she put a little more pressure on , a bang came from the machine .
what the hell is all that escapes my mouth , before a deafening bang from a transformer blowing behind us drowns me out .
one of the guns goes off with a bang and a set of beakers shatters around me .
all i remember was the loud bang and as i looked back for the briefest second i saw he had turned both creatures into road kill .
again the bang , smith immediately pulled out his machete .
than from the south side of the park , a huge bang cut through the complete silence in the air .
i open my mouth to ask what shes planning to do , but my words are cut off by a burst of crackling noise and then a massive bang .
this time she kicked the locker with a loud bang .
these assassins usually go out with a bang , if you know what i mean .
a few weeks later , nathan arrived home one night with a bang .
janelle pounds her fist on the cells bars and a loud bang rings throughout the room .
the guy just strolled in and then , bang .
we bang in some posts and firmly attach a tree protector .
robb swung up a hardened suitcase with a bang and clinked open the two plastic snaps .
i surmise that i would probably get more satisfying results , and more bang for my buck , with one of those sexbots i keep hearing about , andromedas !
we are now gathered here together to bang the bridesmaidsum , i am most welcome , most soy-tain-ly welcomewaittune that mother up gidget , like my brains are honking geese shit through a goose , a geese , a gander , a moose , a moose , a nothing but a mongoose , hee-hee-hee !
nice place , she called out , hearing him bang around upstairs .
chapter 14 ash 1 streaks of light dart across his vision , before a bang sounds and he is thrown backwards .
as he sat with his back resting on the combat-pod 's petal , he felt the vibrations from the bang of another bullet denting the thick metal ; those things can survive most impacts , bullets were never going to do much , merely a scare tactic .
strom closed his eyes as she roared , before hearing a loud bang followed by equipment clattering to the floor .
like , for a while i called you jerry and you called me beth and bang i went back to professor and you went back to calling me nothing , actually .
a loud bang and a flash erupt from inside the inn , making us jump .
that bang just woke a lot of people up .
but what about that bang ?
an enormous bang rents the air .
we lift it together and send it rolling away with a bang .
they bang on the walls as they trot down the rusty stairs , creating a riot of sounds , and becca can hear and see other people start to come out of other rooms , whooping and shouting in pure glee .
there are voices , and then another bang .
becca reaches the door and touches the knob , and suddenly , theres a splintering bang right beside her head .
even if we had a hundred thousand soldiers , we would not be able to get through in a full frontal firefight why dont we just bang dem salauds up from a ways away , hein ?
his hand shot up and latched around malachis collar , thrust him up against the wall with a bang and the cigarette fell from his lips .
on the third jerk , the lever gave way with a bang which echoed down the alley .
he rushed forward and seizing the hermit by the collar of his robe and thrusting him up with a bang against the door , snarled : what happened to her !
he lowered the torch and lifted the fallen cabinets off the desk-top with a loud moan and bang that sent one last rat scuttling out the door .
almost immediately following the flash was the bang : a powerful , short range sonic pulse .
his body jolted when a loud bang came from the corridor followed by a womans scream and the thud of a body hitting the floor .
a bang sounded in the wall near the duct , and lexa , covered with dust , slid out of the opening .
listen i bang on the door once again .
everything was about to vanish in one almighty bang !
so we started over the bridge , and about halfway across there was this loud bang .
then there was another bang , and everything went really fast .
when they fired those rpgs it only made a single report ... just swing and bang .
our teeny , tiny universe may have started 13.8 billion years ago born from the remains of the previous occupant during an event that has come to be known as the big bang .
down here we try to recreate the big bang on a small scale , the explosion that took place 13.8 billion years ago which created our universe .
the atoms being projected would collide with other atoms and form the explosions that would reveal new mattermatter that holds the various structures of atoms together , the matter that would reveal the secrets of how the universe began within the first second after the big bang explosion .
we call this explosion the big bang .
everything we see todaystars , planets , galaxieseverything comes from this big bang .
the lattice shut with a quick bang !
the smash collided with the robots with a loud bang , shattering them , and sending their splintered remains flying backwards .
excellent were getting there , and showing them that were back with a bang .
brynna whispered when we heard a long bang against the wall .
i can assure you that citizens have been around a lot longer than clones ; some say we were here before the big bang and came from universe b. ha !
at the third call , she 'd bang the gavel and that would be that .
`` for the third time of asking ... '' hurry up ... bang !
`` how much of a bang should that give us ? ''
he heard a clunk along with a bang sound coming from the drawbridge that refused to budge opening as he heard in response `` inappropriate animal detected . ''
the three of them jumped when the first bang hit the door .
everett was still for just a moment , and then slowly nodded his head , grab some grenades : frags , concussion , and flash bang .
he pulled a flash bang out , pulled the pin , and threw it into the room beyond .
a loud bang brought nova back to the present .
he was oblivious to the atoms flying past his head , to the big bang and big crunch happening over and over again .
in front of it pieces of rock and dust blew out on a wave in front of the bang .
she thought about how every grain was made of atoms that had once been part of the big bang .
that seemed all fine and dandy until a few generations passed and somebodies , a government or three , no doubt , got in an argument and set off the first big bang of the troubles .
the girl said , `` i thought you were going to knock me down and bang me . ''
`` you 'll bang me in the car . ''
you know , he thought , in this scramble suit i could hit her over the head and bang her forever and who 'd know who did it ?
behind her , she heard the men grunt , heard them bang into the crossbeams , swearing .
but it had a couple of incidents , and some bad visuals , and bang - the dc-10 's history .
i thought , well , we 'll bang up a few ships and then i 'll get mine and it 'll be over .
gottstein said , `` am i wrong , or is n't that the situation that prevailed in our own universe before the time of the big bang - one vast body containing all the universal mass . ''
`` and when the big bang takes place , '' said gottstein , `` can we still extract energy from the cosmeg-universe ? ''
indeed , it is by inducing the conditions required for the big bang that we may be setting up a new land of universe that will eventually grow hospitable to life . ''
there was a shuddering bang that rattled the whole car , and an abrupt drop-off in the vibration , as if something has broken clean off .
`` ya got ta bang .
once that woman gets an idea in her head , it takes over and grows like the big bang . ''
the details of the factoid came back to her now : there 'd been something on the discovery channel ( the only television that dess ever watched ) about how the snow on old tvs actually showed leftover radiation from the big bang , the explosion that had made the universe .
the new shapes scrawled across it were spirals and pinwheels - like galaxies , the dregs of the big bang .
you could tell where the universe was headed based on the dregs of the big bang .
it was still expanding from the bang , all its parts moving gradually away from the center .
unless ... '' part of dess 's brain wanted to explain the whole thing to jonathan : about snow on tv screens , the big bang , and the shapes of galaxies and tea leaves .
what if everyone on the outside was permanently frozen and everyone in the inside was lunch meat - most of humanity gone with a whimper , the rest with a bang ?
his answer was cut off by a sudden bang beneath the car , a sound like a watermelon hitting concrete at eighty miles an hour .
then , with a parting bang , the cactus patch fell behind them .
i slapped magazines into both guns , confident that i knew them well enough to be sure they 'd go bang when i pulled the trigger .
`` by the end of this journey we 'll reveal the secrets of the universe , the origins of life , and the cause of the big bang . ''
`` what 's the big bang ? ''
`` time as you know it began with the big bang . ''
the kah-gash could draw everything back through time to the moment of the big bang , eliminate all that that has happened since , and restore the original universe . ''
`` art said the pieces never turned up in demons who were alive before the big bang . ''
so just before the big bang , i had the dinosaur stand over him , soak up the blast . ''
matt began to bang on his high chair with his spoon .
i think you 'll all get a bang out of this , dear friends .
or is this the smallest big bang ever ?
or perhaps this is that one nanosecond before the bang , the stressed-out little singularity 's eternity of internal monologue .
to think of breaking a rule was like talking about the time before the bang or a temperature below absolute zero : a category error , nothing else .
one flare rose a hundred meters , and when it exploded , with a hideous echoing bang , the specials hunkered and unholstered their neural whips .
`` they 're like bang sticks for sharks .
seating himself at his out-of-tune harpsichord , arnie opened a book of scarlatti sonatas and began to bang away at one of his favorites , a cross-hand one on which he had been practicing for months .
there was an unpleasant kinetic quality to their movements , a jerkiness , they seemed either to bang into one another or to be about to .
`` just find something-anything-you can get your hands on and bang away at somebody 's head if they come charging .
`` we do n't have time to- '' a loud clanging sound cut the man off , a metallic bang that shot through the air like a cannon .
a loud bang cut through the air , coming from the stairs .
a bang sounded from above , a deeper thump than the footsteps , but it still sounded like metal .
i just let her bang the doors .
i was angry and i listened to her bang around in the bedroom .
she 'd probably bang you if you did n't take it so godawful seriously . ''
time that grinds down as he comes up , slowing as if the universal clock set in motion by the big bang is running out of steam .
his head hammered against the floor ; hall slipped his foot beneath the back of leavitt 's head and let him bang against his toes .
sticking it into his robe was no good ; it would dangle , bang against surfaces , impede his climb , maybe cut him .
i think it must have rolled across - `` the plane took a dizzying rollercoaster leap , came down with a jarring smack , and the drinks trolley fell over with a bang .
`` your bang and olufsen ?
there had been a second loud bang , and he found himself wondering if maybe the gellers '' gas grill had exploded .
add twelve fuel pods to twelve pounds of irish and you got a very big bang potential .
mom had quickly noticed that every bang and bump on jessica was accompanied by a grass stain .
`` bang these together , jess . ''
then , eighteen billion years ago , it exploded outward from that pinpoint - in what was known as the big bang .
`` said it was a total head bang , like she was crowding into his mind and he was getting into hers . ''
and tell me why anyone would be content like you merely to bang out music . ''
that stanton thing is going to up and bang honest abe over the head .
`` have you thought of , you know , just bang ? ''
i bang my elbow against stone and bring my hands up to my head to remove the blindfold .
but the man 's head continued to bang up and down as if he were trying to knock himself unconscious .
at the same time , gray watched his dagger wing through the smoky air , bang the trash bin , and bounce off .
not nearly enough bang . ''
a fast bang echoed .
all the available ore got made at the big bang , and we 're not doin ' another one of those .
what were they talking about , getting it over- bang .
a loud bang ripped through the air as micah 's shot made contact with the side of one shuttle , and the two boys beside us promptly let out a `` whoop ! ''
the shuttle i 'd seen earlier began to spin erratically and plummeted to the ground with a loud bang .
if you make one more disparaging remark about marian , i 'm going to bang your face against the wall until some sense gets knocked into you . ''
i want them to bang their heads against those closed borders for a while and to try living without the profits they 're bleeding out of arendia .
then he attempted to bang his breastplate in a salute , but hit himself in the nose with his fist instead .
`` did you want me to weep and wail and bang my head against a tree , or something ? ''
i slammed off of a table in the hallway , knocking it over with a clattering bang .
another rattling bang shuddered through the building swaying us all back and forth .
i bang my elbow on the door frame as we bust into the kitchen .
and the others smelled the hot blood in him , and came silent on his trail , stalking him with packs of pale white spiders big as hounds - `` the door opened with a bang , and bran 's heart leapt up into his mouth in sudden fear , but it was only maester luwin , with hodor looming in the stairway behind him .
a score or more of walder frey 's sons and grandsons began to bang their cups again , shouting , `` to bed !
overhead i hear someone bang on our door .
he 'd drink 3 whiskey sours , bang his mistress , then fly to the moon .
the tantric got inside quickly and slammed the door with a metallic bang .
she could hit you bang centre where it hurt most .
i just need to before the divers finished speaking , theres a loud yet muffled bang .
the gun goes off again , this time with a deafening bang .
tulu praises , clapping her hands as the bracelets bang against her bony wrists .
oncei loved ya like a sister bang !
i just blow that big baddie bang theory , right out of the milky way galaxy .
the twin-guards bang their fists upon the bars as i roll my naked feet and look for my boots .
i elegantly drag the dress train across the rough patio concrete , stomping in my high sandals towards the ship , then bang on the hand pad .
i hear trumpets sound and the drums bang , while flutes toots .
the ram ship accidentally plows its metal into the walls of colored flames and then prettily implodes in colors of green , orange , and red with an ear-deafening boom then bang then bong .
i bang both palms on the table as it really rocks and rolls with a tiny touch of t-flair .
she must be doing a really bang up job .
rita words softly with the slave part since her mind like my mind is too scared to think as i watch the blackening clouds and feel with t-power of telepathy the interacting air masses bang against carriers steel plating while the hurricane winds shift swiftly from a strong gust into fighter hurricane greatness .
12:04 p.m. my bedroom door slams with a loud bang as the tray nosily rattles between the hands as argus smiles with a goofy smirk , presenting the good smelly food while he rumbles in his deep bass drum to me .
dallas roller balls his pupil deep into his skull then twists his body towards the kitchen as you hear the garage door slamming with a bang for his exit out the house .
so , cecil got someone to bang the boards over the french doors .
teens gather around the setting of worn covered tan chairs and green growing over watered plants while they scan and bang hands and finger pads at their personal cells .
the door blasted off its hinges and hit the floor with a thunderous bang .
with a bang , one of the doors swung open , and a long-haired mystic with striped white and black skin like a zebra climbed out of the door .
she heard the loud bang as the cages door closed , and then the tick of a lock .
it was pretty obvious she was going to get kicked outso why not go out with a bang ?
the ascend the stairs and there is a loud bang as the collapsible ladder to the attic is pulled down .
the door shuts with a bang behind them as they run inside , and it is bolted up in about five different places .
every so often , there is a bang or loud collection of yelps somewhere in the distance , but i do my best to ignore it .
when she is gone , the two men spend the duration of this time roaring in anger at the men who took her and bang the door in fury , the sandy-haired man receives quite a bad beating for this .
as they impact the floor , there is a loud bang and everything returns to normal speed .
the crack and bang of glass breaking .
dude , i dont wan na watch owen bang old mrs. goolsby , casper whined , though he was quiet enough about it that i didnt need to worry about waking mom .
if she was going to die anyway , she might as well go out with a bang , kira decided and thought of a retort .
there 's the smashing of glass and then a loud bang and i can see the explosion of blinding light even behind my closed eyelids .
he left out of the room , the door closing with a loud bang .
the bridge fell into place with a loud bang as we began to cross it quickly .
the back door in the kitchen opens and closes with a loud bang .
when the loud bang of a door slamming rings through the house , i jump up .
without thinking , i bang on the door in frustration .
i 'll bet $ 50 that i bang this little virgin by spring break !
the portal closed with a bang and then all was silent .
the books started to rumble , then jumped up and down , one shot out onto the floor with a bang .
it dropped from its perch , clamored down the wall , missed the caldron by inches , and landed on the floor with a bang .
i force my door open , intending to run over to emilys side , but then stop , cringing at a loud bang , followed by the excruciating sound of an engine whining .
the train arrived bang on time , to be honest , that came as more of a shock than a welcome !
another loud bang sounded and more lights dotted across the sky .
i cry and bang my fist against his chest .
a janitor stopped to gawk , letting his trash can roll into the wall with a bang .
janelle slid the window open with a bang .
the door flew open with a loud bang .
the door slid open with a bang .
leslie whimpered as a loud bang sounded outside .
a wooden ramp descended from it with a bang .
suddenly , there was a loud bang , and a firework exploded over the arena .
our summer vacations commenced with an unexpected and unwanted pre-fourth of july bang .
the bang is so loud i want to cover my ears , and two of the other boys do .
rema was about to rush forward when a loud metal bang came from inside the barn .
the front of lenneks chair came down with a bang .
there was a loud bang , and they jumped apart .
the door slammed shut , the bang echoing through the unknown .
dont bang your knees .
i rushed into the house , letting the screen door bang behind me .
this one is going to end with a big bang !
i flash back mentally into a seventh time line when i was kidnapped , blindfolded , and abducted to a small secluded ocean island of resort by rann we had a great time then it ended with a bang from exploding red bricks of dynamic set by rita .
i gingerly lift a golden-tinted fork in a right eating hand about .001 inches from the tablecloth then bang with a musical ting of a-sharp on the delicate bone-china plate while nitpicking at my food .
i hear with big tele-ears , since eyelashes are closed for pretend fun of sleep , a long food tray bang against the jail doors archway .
ugghh , i groan , reaching for a sunshine soda and stumbling over a broken coat rack to reach the door before he can bang any louder .
as i think about how ecstatic i am to see the boys , dhelia slams her toshiba shut with bang .
a humming and a bang came from a back closet .
she took off , throwing open the door with a fierce bang , sprinting off into the street .
my memories started with a bang .
id assumed hed do that , so when i blocked his blow , i didnt let go of his hands ; instead , i immediately placed my foot forward for leverage and pulled him toward me so that he tripped on my legs and then bang , he fell , and i won .
tristan would get caught up in their laughter , and when he was least expecting it , bang !
seven the 2nd experiment began with a bang , as the orange eyed man revealed an automatic weapon from his jacket , which he aimed at the glass ceiling .
there was no sound and then bang .
honestly , i dont know what has gotten into you lately , mommy says , her hands lightly massaging my arms and shoulders as i bang down on random keys .
i say loudly , trying to catch her attention between each bang .
if i were to talk about the , uh , act of coitusi watch too much of the big bang theoryi may just run from the room before any details are exchanged .
the final room of the hallwayand my last option for this hall before i need to climb another flight of stairs , i shove open the door a bit too hard , watching it aim for the wall , and before i can stop it , it connects with a loud bang , alerting the occupants to my stupidity .
and it was as i was standing there thinking these thoughts that i heard the great creak of grinding hinges and watched as the massive door slowly swung shut with a flat , hollow bang .
i could hear an animal tipping over a trash can with a loud bang !
were riding with the cast of the big bang theory !
drunkenly hopping to the bathroom , i had to really concentrate as not to bang my leg in the dark or disturb jerro .
after listening to his mumblings , he would bang his way throughout the whole house .
suddenly , we heard a huge bang .
in her attempts to make me sound good to the doctor , mam had dropped me smack bang in the centre of an awkward situation .
leightons eleventh birthday was august 4th , just four days before henri was due to turn eighteen , but neither boy was keen for a party , especially when it was announced that clives funeral had been arranged for a date smack bang between the two .
she slammed down onto the floor , causing chairs to fall , making a loud bang .
i bang my head against it .
when we get to valdezs warehouse i bang on the door as if my balled up paw has the ability to go through the solid oak .
the lack of depth perception caused him to stumble and bang his forehead on the door trim .
there was a deafening bang and the team were blinded by the flash of light .
by the time the loud bang had sounded , jack was already a good five yards away from the bullet 's target .
chapter thirty-three big bang i woke up screaming .
a loud bang ripped through the night air and i jumped , sending a shower of debris rolling down the other side of the embankment .
she wanted to bang her head on the window to save some pride .
just then , we hear a loud bang upstairs over our heads .
may as well go out with a bang .
she dropped the heavy book on the table with a bang .
there was a loud bang from the trees .
with a grunt , connor slammed the minivans door shut with a bang .
there was a loud bang , and leah was thrown into the wall .
but then there was another bang !
then they heard the door of the desert island dining kitchen suddenly bang open and the crash of pots and pans being knocked to the floor .
keys rattled in the front door and she heard it bang open .
and amidst the knee-high grasses , theres a gigantic tree bang in the middle , with a trunk so thick you cant circle it with your arms .
it was at that moment eric noticed a flash of light outside the window , followed by a very loud bang .
he never realised that in the very next few seconds his perceptions of life , his grasp on reality as he knew it and his limited understanding of travel would all come literally crashing head-on into him with a bang .
if you want to have a tiny taster of what happened next , to find out how erics life would be come crashing down with a bang ! , youll have to read on , as i 've included a taster chapter from the next novel in the series , the kylapitar the next novel in the eric peterson series .
look , you managed to save your cover last time , saying you saw flashes of lights and heard a bang as you were walking up to the door to bring some news for eric from the school about his playful abduction by the young thug armer .
we are only seated ten minutes when the throne room doors fly open and bang against the walls causing the floor and the table to shake .
there was a loud bang on their door early the next morning .
thirty yards away , it struck an elm tree and burst apart with a brilliant bang : splinters of bark flew in every direction .
aliah gripped the sack in his left hand and let the book bang against his leg .
i punched him , bang on the nose .
well , if you go to the center of it , spin around for ten seconds , bang your head really hard , then you wouldnt know where you were , so youd be lost , like in a maze .
it seemed like every grimm in the entire hospital was trying to bang down our door .
i was still sitting in the same spot , zoned out imagining what would have to happen to form the bond , when the bang of the door opening made me jump .
so i did what anyone with a lack of patience would do ; i rang the doorbell again and then used my fist to bang on the door .
we braced ourselves for the shot and heard a loud bang .
i was under the sink when i heard a loud bang .
i want to bang my head against something .
she walked aimlessly along the seashore in a world of her own and walked slap bang into a tubby looking lad wearing stupid looking shorts that were too small for him .
that 's what the bang was , thought jen .
so unlike the spectral range of earths colours , the lack of orange and yellow , and many of the softer shades , made the apex of summer feel as though we were living smack bang in the middle of a digitally-enhanced comic-book fantasia .
the man screamed as the door shook violently with each bang .
his hair flinging around as he jumped and rocked , it was obvious that they were going out with a bang .
finally they rounded into one last chorus and after the song ended with an abrupt bang , there was a moment of silence before the crowd applauded .
shadow boy seems pretty determined he continued , nodding at the other stage where the masked guitarist was leading the other two guitarists in a synchronized head bang .
i bang on steering column then start the engine .
when he walked into the dorm room this semester , on move-in day , carrying his oversized duffel bag crammed with his favorite worn jeans , t-shirts , hoodies , and sneakers , a guitar case slung across his back , and a rather large box with his books and computer , he plopped everything down on the floor with a bang .
the theory was that it was going to expand a certain distance outwards , then , due to gravitational forces , it would slow down ; start to collapse in on itself , contract to a pin head and explode out in another big bang .
skylar tried to push brooke off of her but brooke was relentless , she threw punches but only about two of them landed before skylar flung her off of her and into midair before she smacked the floor with a heavy bang .
quite how he had managed to end up slap bang in the middle of such a scenario was anyones guess , but the reality was far grimmer than he could ever have imagined .
ryan butler ; creator of sharp objects and things that go bang !
you got your powers with a bang , and that means youll be a very powerful guardian , izzy explained .
the words barely left grampas mouth when the roof of the cave flew back with an earth-shattering bang .
*** i didnt mean to let the door bang into the wall when i came in .
then , i fold my fist , raising it bang the nails off the wood , hearing .
suddenly there was a loud bang .
because i know that you just drop off the trays on the counter , you dont have to bang them out in a trash can like we do at school .
go stand in the corner and bang your head against the wall until i tell you to stop .
he walked over to the furthest corner of the room and started to bang his head on the wall .
with so many tall buildings around us , the bang of the shot echoed in the cavernous street .
then , either to terrify harry or to whip the dogs into a further frenzy , or perhaps both bang !
her voice was accompanied by a loud bang .
there was a bang at the door.oh my god , thought kurma.hes going to break down the door .
jocks like to bang their own drum .
suddenly , an ear-splitting bang echoes through the gym , and i jump back in shock .
then ruth continued , `` erasmus darwin was the scientific poet who , in the first part of his two-part poem the botanic garden , actually identified the big bang theory before the eventually accredited scientists did . ''
one junior bragged , i bang my girlfriend every night .
with a bang the fog door shattered .
with a bang the door flew open and up popped a goblins head , followed quickly by the rest of him .
it swung wide on its hinges to bang against the stone .
seems convenient that we came along when we did , dont you think , out there , slap bang in the middle of the wastelands ?
i repress an urge to bang my head against the wall .
the door of the store opened with a loud bang .
i know i always bang on about what a total waste of time it isand dont get me wrong , i stand by my opinion .
i could bang into her in the yard , but with the total silence how could i speak without being noticed ?
she wanted to bang her fists against the rocks in frustration but didnt for fear of alerting the guards .
as i made an awkward turn in the black and white hall the wide front door burst open with a bang .
they throw him in a room identical to brecken 's and shut the door with a loud bang .
not long , i heard a bang from your bedroom and when i looked in you were lying on the floor .
the door opened and bounced off the wall with a bang and renn broke the kiss , standing up quickly .
my fists bang down on his chest .
when shane made it halfway across the hangar , walking toward the buses , the door flung open again , a loud bang echoing through the building .
the violent bang of the hangar door against the building evoked a chorus of screams .
i shove the library door open with just a little too much force and it slams against the wall with a loud bang , making me jump up and gasp .
i turn and start walking back down the hallway but hear a loud , splitting bang behind me .
i long for more , but the door swings open , hitting the wall with a bang .
i run back to the door and bang on it .
they went around to the back of the tank to be out of the guards immediate line of sight when suddenly they heard a quiet bang on the back of the boat .
they looked at each other and shrugged , but when the bang happened a second time , they ducked down to the floor and quietly pulled a tarp up about 3 feet from the ground to block themselves .
a loud bang on the door made me jump .
god , i want to bang his head with my crutches .
the door of my cell opened with a bang and i looked up , shocked to see both vander and annessa standing in the opening .
nikolas rolled , letting the metal swing across the stage and bang into the bumgardners tank .
it continued to bang and bounce against granite boulders until a pine tree stopped it .
he smacked his head a couple of times , trying to bang out the water , but it was hopeless .
soldiers woke up their roommates with a chilled barrel to their head , followed by ear splitting bang : a toll to end them all .
do you have to bang on my door like that ?
a loud bang blared behind me .
the loud bang from one of the gym doors slamming prompted most of the girls to hurry over and take their sides for the next match .
the suited man reached out to grab the hood of the cloaked figure , but there was suddenly a flash of light and a loud bang , and the next thing peyton saw was the suited man rolling through the air before crashing hard into the wall on the opposite side of the room , before collapsing to the floor .
what you mean is a good fuck , a bloody good bang thatll break your partners balls .
the resulting shower of smaller particles blown from the sunspots have formed with a loud bang and a cloud of dust life forms on the cold , dead and dark moon .
the observers think the loud bang , the cold moon and the cloud of dust are all related to life .
then the sounds of bang , boom , ping , ting , crack , crash , ding , dong ring and echo over and over against my eardrums .
my heart skips a beat seeing earth as a tiny dot of bright of neon vivid colors then hear a bang .
i bang on the door a couple of times , and when it opens , i get on at once .
berwyn finally appears after i bang on the door a few more times .
five rocks hiss then bang with a soft sound hitting the wall and the claws of the budi .
then i hear a click and a bang .
i heard a loud bang and i think i should be lying down now .
so am i. i heard another bang and saw another body falling in front of me .
huron was always talking about girls hed like to bang and movies he thought were rad .
hey rey , i know who you should bang , huron said , as if they had been discussing options for the past ten minutes .
my elbow hit the ground with a bang , and i swallowed a mouthful of chocolate .
one sharp bang split the silence .
the washroom door opened with a bang , and a stampede of excited heels came clicking in .
shaking my head at myself , i bounced off my bed and headed towards the closet , sliding the doors open with a bang to my left , showcasing a railing filled with clothing that for the last week had become way too loose on me .
she leans in toward me but theres a loud bang on the door .
i reach for a shampoo bottle and bang it on the window glass .
before i could even massage his worries a loud bang was heard from the other side of the lunch room .
i groan and bang my head against the wall .
she shoves me into the large art supply closet and i bang into giant rolls of colored paper .
the thud was soon followed by another loud bang , and then the sound of wrenching gears and tearing cables .
all you really need to know , though , is that its gon na make a really big bang .
he takes a minute to unlock sallys locker , and then pulls the door open with a bang .
all ten seconds , then bang !
we could hit the clubs , bang some bitches , party down , whatever , itll be fun .
just when the shit was turning south , a flash lit the screen , followed by a loud bang inside the house .
but a lot of speculation abounded about the source of the bang and the subsequent steam cloud that could be seen from town .
not a bang , a pop .
this time the gun went bang .
i dug the hemp bang containing our profits from underneath the seat and opened it up .
just in case a detainee became violent , hed be able to jump out of his seat , backpedal to the door and bang on it , summoning immediate intervention from the jail officers .
boom , bang , done , the young man seated across the table from him remarked , clapping his hands together .
patrick was startled to hear someone bang on the other door to the toilet .
this country is simply not the door had slammed , cutting off hugos sentence with a bang .
the caption read bang .
tara set down her pint with a bang , spilling beer .
he thinks i want to bang you .
im here from italy , and i want to bang my girlfriend .
broken leg , bang on the head , lots o bruises .
she recognised the bang she had heard earlier , it was the noise the cellar trap door made when flung open or dropped down closed .
he didnt even bang her .
i guess my question then is whether the cycle you are looking for evolved along with life itself or has always been there , a cycle that came out of the big bang and has resonated through all things ever since ?
like terence mckenna said the reductionists have one very hard swallow : the big bang .
the big bang pushes us but mckennas eschaton pulls us toward an ever more complex future .
mike may have started the night off with a bang , but someone else had stolen the show for these people .
blake hung up the phone with a bang .
he looked up at her in shock as she heard a muffled bang .
one of the trend terms of those days was bang like a nail meant making a goal .
she screams , pushing the door up with her foot , hearing it bang against the upper shelf , the glasses clinking against each other .
if it looks like no ones here and im not in the back yard , then im in the basement , or upstairs , so bang on the floor and the ceiling with one of the brooms off that rack and ill come down , or up , or whatever .
i followed because i heard her shoes making an uneven gait , and then a bang when she bumped into the wall as she yelled , oops , have to pee .
andrews face reddened noticeably , and in one swift movement he stood up , pushing his chair back against the wall with a bang , before placing both palms on the conference table a leaning over towards me .
don admired his handiwork , set the delay on the flash bang to one second and ascended the stairs .
at the same moment there was a deafening bang which came close to perforating his eardrums and which disrupted his balance .
picking up the remaining pieces of the flash bang grenade , she threw them down the tunnel onto the unused track and closed the door behind her .
at least we can sell off her company and bang another few million into the treasurys coffers .
she heard the front door slam with a bang behind him .
chapter 8 - the starting line on your mark , get set the starters words ring out over the public address system , bang !
the door shuts with a bang .
dad puts on his best jeans and is stomping his feet into his boots , bang !
i jump up in my seat at the sound of a bang .
i can understand people getting cross about idiots who bang on about straight cucumbers - we have enough problems in the uk at the moment trying to convince people that the eu is a good thing , and with the debate hotting up about the single currency , this sort of thing doesnt help .
only now and then did someone bang on the garage door , usually clutching a cardboard box full of broken bits and pieces , and other things which just needed a touch of paint , and even more that were beyond his skills to repair , and which got carefully taken apart for use as spares .
and what about shutting everything down with a bang , rather than a gentle haemorrhaging , alistair ?
i pull my right hand over my head and bang on the arrowhead three more times .
daniel had pulled back girry slightly , as if protecting him from the sudden bang , and both boys looked up questioningly .
chapter 4 just visiting a loud bang woke arowin up from his sleep inside the forest that is his home .
he then hears a louder bang .
george presses on his watch and something falls from the ceiling followed by a loud bang .
in the underground base , george is shaken as a big hole was created down the hall from his table followed by a loud bang as another bomb came down causing all the power to go out .
parachuted in , walked twenty miles and made a nice big bang .
ivan took chads hand , opened his closet door , and locked chad inside , knowing that he knew better than to bang on the door and make a scene .
he ran up to the sliding doors and began to bang his fists against them , yelling for someone to come to the door .
he also had a long-standing invitation to visit the cern large hadron collider facility in switzerland , which was also being used to destroy particles at enormous temperatures and pressures , although not to create fusion but rather to discover the conditions which existed immediately after the big bang .
when its working fully , we hope it will create the conditions that existed immediately after the big bang .
we wanted her to stay where she was for at least a little while so we could learn as much as possible in order to get the most bang for the buck .
and while he figured out why his pistol wouldnt go bang , id have had time enough to kill him and drink a cup of coffee .
that 's all i remember except a bang and pain in my shoulder .
put in a wall air conditioner/heater unit high up in the front hallway wall or somewhere where nobody can bang their head or feet on it .
this year , slam bang in the middle of the project timeline , it had reported a lapse .
bradys office door received the same rough treatment and the water in his fish tank rocked from the bang .
a second later he heard the bang .
id barely put on frankies blindfold and stuffed the gag in his mouth when the door burst open and slammed against the wall with a bang .
he makes out hes going to bang it down on the table ; then , when its less than half a centimetre away , he stops ; and puts it down very slowly , delicately .
they have even begun to sketch out a new scenario : a bomb attached to the games , a big bang during games time , which would produce the shared experience that tony has been dreaming of .
dinkys schoolmate stephen even said bang each time he left fly .
and youre driving along and suddenly , smack , the kids taken a swipe at the back of your head , or chopped you on the neck , and its not because hes a real nasty piece of work , but they cant communicate and they get frustrated and the first you know about it is : bang !
years afterwards youd already left the band so i dont think you know about this she started saying it wasnt an orgy , it wasnt even a gang bang , it was gang rape .
( 7 ) in the lap of the gods on south strand , canary wharf , dinky dutta happens to be walking past a shop advertising the gift of bang and olufsen .
some distance away , could not have been less than half a mile , but we saw the flash of light and heard it half a second later crack , bang , whoosh !
the bang it made as it shut caused them to jump and gave him their attention .
i look back at the sheet music again , trying to work out where i 'm going wrong , and i almost miss a note when there 's a bang on the glass .
should he just rush upstairs and bang on her door , looking crazed like this , like he felt , his eyes popping out of his head and his heart pounding , clothes dirty , a tijuana beggar ?
she slammed the door with a bang .
he placed his bottle on the table with a bang .
asked john while he inserted two pads into the coffee-machine and closed the lid with a bang .
the world will not end with a bang but with a whisper .
and the bang is loud ?
a shot or a bang would have caught their attention .
he clamped his teeth shut , put his arms out at his sides , and lowered his weight , though he had to bang his knees against the wall to do it .
a loud bang echoed from behind clarice that made her jump .
one eye was concealed behind a long wavy bang , and her gaze darted forward , searching for her target .
a bang fell over my eye , glowing with moroccan oil .
she 'd nailed him right there in her marble lobby : you want to bang some queens debutante , you 'd better not be doing it here .
after the big bang , london had become a prisoner of the paper prosperity of its money changers , who 'd been loosed in the temple .
after the big bang , the city had become a bustling beehive of brash , ambitious young men and women whose emblem , fittingly , seemed to be the outrageous new headquarters lloyds had built for itself , a monstrous spaceship dropped remorselessly into the middle of greek revival facades and victorian respectability .
and after the deregulation of big bang , wholesale pursuit of profit had become the city 's guiding principle .
lets do it tomorrow , my birthday , at least we finish with a bang . ''
the only thing i know is that i am a goddess with a bang , one that knows how to kill , really does , even if i lost my best and only friend .
he had n't heard a bang , not even a scrape .
every so often , one of the guys used it to bang a groupie .
at one point we too believed in things like the big bang theory , the speed of light being the fastest an object can travel , however all of our beliefs were proven wrong when another older , wiser , alien race more advance then us came to our planet to enlighten our minds towards the universe and space travel .
he took aim at his chest and fired ; steve was surprised at how loud the shot was as the loud bang echoed through the mountains .
almost immediately , he heard the door bang open and the guard shouted something down the hallway .
once again justin ; bang on the money !
part two rememberance chapter 1 bang .
we end it with a bang , he replied , taking a drag off his cigarette .
the flash and loud bang forced the entire hallway into silence .
hell , might as well go out with a good bang and set the world on fire , watch it burn over the horizon until were all specks of cosmic dust and theres nothing left but stars to wish on .
ben had barely avoided the pitfall that took the life of the other man , and managed to bang up his watch a little in the process of escaping .
one asking for her brother to be delivered of the demons tormenting him and causing him to bite off pieces of his skin ; another asking for her sister to be healed of the need to constantly bang her head against a wall ; still another beseeched the lord to cure her mother of her witchcraft .
he felt ready to bang his head against the wall .
and , to sara 's horror , people bang pairing up and slow dancing .
another loud bang was followed by crashing glass from the kitchen .
edward was having a good time playing tricks on his family until he heard a door close with a loud bang on the second floor .
when i open the outside door to the secret passage , sometimes it creates a draft that will cause some of the doors to bang shut .
slammed backwards against the wall , karlas skull bounced off the wood panelling with a bang that made her head ring .
a few seconds later she heard the front door shut with a bang .
the black and white image blurs a bit , a shakes as the truck crashes through the gate with a loud bang .
..yes , alright another ten days if you have no viable information by the end of the month , well be finding another county official.-speaking of finding replacements , have you had any luck locating the replacement we discussed for carl forrester ? -..no one is irreplaceable , not even you.-remember that.-he replaced the receiver with a bang .
there was a deafening bang .
there was a heart-stopping bang as the wooden cover lifted away from its frame , but i couldnt afford to wait and see if pete had heard .
i heard a creak behind me , then a bang .
before i reached the panel , a loud bang of heavy metal startled me .
then , the driver-side door opened with a bang , and yellow 's body was pulled out onto the ground .
then , bang , i 'm history , if you know what i mean , '' i remarked with a nervous grin .
as the man sat next to him got up , his flip down seat sprung back with a bang .
down by the river , and the distant bang of a hammer on sheet metal and the release of gas signify at least one pair of human hands at work .
he falls backwards into the room , slap bang onto the bones of his arse .
they had him bang to rights for perverting the course of justice , and would have added accessory charges to heap on the pressure if needed .
with her statement kiel is bang to rights .
when he was just seconds away he heard a loud bang , followed closely by three more .
jake looked around at the street that had started the day with a bang .
without any warning a loud bang caused andrew arnold to move the phone away from his ear , lessening the deafening sound erupting from the handset .
that loud bang , which he could hear without the aid of his phone , was the sound of a handgun being fired .
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ a bang caused jake to wake up with a jump .
jake had heard a second loud bang that he had assumed to be the echo from his shot .
they had ascended the staircase and were turning towards the hallway that would lead them towards cleavers tower at the rear of the manor , when a lone bang echoed from the far side of the main hall .
cardew had politely cut his tirade short with an explanation of the need to attend the station also before they had a chance to parade chris before the local magistrates and get their pious blessings to bang him up pending dubious charges , or worse , rescind his life-time parole .
holtingham will be the catalyst for the big bang .
`` smack bang up against it graham . ''
but a few ounces of verbal semtex in some wanker 's business hand can still blow a lot of fingers off , cause a really loud bang . ''
you jazzmen , bang altogether drums , traps , banjoes , horns , tin cans make two people fight on the top of a stairway and scratch each other 's eyes in a clinch tumbling down the stairs .
dont mind me , it was because of my confuse state due to heavy bang at the door .
i heard an heavy bang at the bathroom door .
a bang gear me up .
time has come for departure ; japtan had signalled me with heavy bang on the door .
and it doesnt flash , it doesnt go bang .
theres no flash or bang .
in the unlikely event he ever got the chance to roar round that deserted airfield , rhyllann decided hed use third gear there , bang the gear lever into fifth for the straight rhyllann drifted off to sleep just before he crossed the finishing line .
the chess game ended with a bang on the chess clock , some pieces fell over and the two people , one tall black guy and one short , stocky greek guy , proceeded to argue about what happened and how the pieces stood before the accident happened .
so what was his vision slaves everywhere so he could bang them all ?
zacharys senses expanded as rapidly as the first second of the big bang and he noted that the flight or fight response of his body had been initiated .
and with a bunch of slaves to bang , zachary added .
maybe he wanted his great-great-great grandchildren to be able to bang their slaves too , said zachary .
of course , the chinese guy was n't hurt by this bang .
the expanse of my world blew out like the big bang that created the cosmos , until it had encircled the world and all it contained , making it my domain , my slave .
i waited till he 'd finished , wiped the wet sides and placed it on a beermat , then i closed the door with a bang so he 'd hear .
i bang on the window and she jumps .
it would go something like crash , bang , slice , snap , splash , gurgle , eulogy .
a couple of seconds after they opened fire , a hail of m84 flash bang grenades fell around the terrorists .
another cycle , the whirring , the bang .
he no longer bothered with a quiet entrance but flung the door wide , hitting the wall with a bang that reverberated up and down the hall .
everyone took this false start to be the real thing and squeezed their triggers clicks reverberated around the room followed by a second loud bang .
the second chamber exploded and the flash at the end of barrel appeared a split second before the deafening bang filled the room .
he took the end of the barrel , spun around and threw the gun across the lawn , sending it sliding and scraping its way across the street , to bang against the curb on the other side .
i didnt bang the tree too hard .
i pretend to squeeze a pretend trigger and say bang until i jump so high that i almost fall off the roof when evan shows up for the next shift .
a second later , i hear a loud bang and i think rons voice cursing .
gilby had to come back to the podium and bang the gavel several times to bring order back to the room .
as i realized what happened , all at once i heard a loud bang , people screaming , and something hitting the floor .
they ended up at club bang on sunset .
he had a limited capacity , but would produce a stupendous bang .
he reached for her hand just as the speakers popped with a loud bang .
the huge bang produced twisted metal and shattered glass .
the doors opened with a bang and a group of guys , all wearing letter jackets , stumbled into the theater .
id want triple the normal rate if they did , chrissy ; if the pakis wanted to bang our daughter , theyd have to triple their price , he declared in a business like sense .
he had not heard any loud bang but more of a muffled type explosion .
`` you are one of the best.the marketing department has been doing a bang up job , but if we do n't get this new drug on the market , there will be no marketing department to run .
ill do that , '' the man said angrily , and hung up with a bang .
what was that big bang ?
sam dropped into a chair with a bang .
tristen grayer liked to go out with a bang .
flight tgf107 touched down with a bang , a wobble and a skid .
he hesitated and pulled away as he heard loud bang and pops ; making the hallway sound like the fourth of july fireworks show .
we all look down to see the little puff of dust emerge and faint bang as he lands .
`` the convention will please come to order , '' drawls the speaker repeatedly as he continues to bang the gavel .
* * * * one last shot ( complete new story ) its the end of the human adventure , and were going out with a bang .
the girls pretending to be amber which she is not , when a loud bang echoes from the television plasma .
the sharp bang and resounding screams in the church drew attention away from jake and towards her .
then a second bang !
lucinda shrieked at a loud bang from somewhere outside .
there was no bang , just a strange noise like a sheet of paper tearing fast .
lucinda was about to say something when they both heard a noise , a bang , close , below them , dulled by the thick floor .
the electronic door whooshed open with a bang .
when there was a lot of wind it would bang all night long and keep her awake and she 'd wonder when her dad would finally get around to fixing the damn thing .
no bang for your buck .
i dont bang teeth when i kiss .
but you are somewhere thats right , you are in your wifes flat and you wont even open the door for me , and i gave it a good bang .
remember , no sports or any other activity where you could bang that head for a few weeks .
`` the bang is secondary , fool , '' said achim .
a sickening bang against metal and the thud of bodies colliding rang up to me .
kevin jumped to the unexpected bang .
the bang rang out in the room .
a loud bang echoed in the salon as my head met the tile .
a loud bang on the outside of the moliterno door caused my heart to jump in my chest .
suddenly , there was a metallic bang as the lock came right away from the strip .
here , ill get a stone to bang em .
soon as the door opens , bang .
they bang my head against the wall on their way downstairs .
perhaps the bang on the head did some good , he said .
lets get something and see if we can bang a few holes in it .
she had been carted around the world with linda and her lovers , gone through puberty with a bang , and started acting out when she was twelve .
she told about detonating a flash bang that caused the obnoxious light and noise after the lights went out to distract the drug dealers .
the grenade exploded with a satisfying bang .
a whistling sound sped past rontegos ear and was followed a split second later by the bang of the pistol that sent the bullet close to rafaels head .
before aeniah could become angered further a loud bang was heard coming from the screen .
sure enough there was a tremendous bang upon the door .
there was a loud bang and a flash in front of his eyes ; a short , sharp cry resounded as the radio operator tumbled backward , still tied to the chair .
a loud bang resounded on the recording followed by heavy clatter .
he walked over and threw the doors open with a loud bang .
she motioned for the tired and weary entourage to proceed back to the bus , and as they walked she waited by the vault , watching as it was closed with a loud bang .
the stone cracked against the ground and made a bang that echoed throughout the caverns .
it was as if some faculty of her brain , which had never before been accessed , had turned itself on to bid farewell to this world with a bang , with a firework show of perception and lights .
think youll finally get to bang her now that you told her you love her ?
yells at him to bang on the wall if the image is okay .
so i came up with a plan for the day : find a church , receive absolution , bang brenda , then volunteer at a soup kitchen .
more bang than a bb gun , but not much more .
`` was n't the big bang proposed by harvard astronomer edwin hubble ? ''
`` my point is that my father had always believed in god 's involvement in the big bang .
`` scientists have known since 1918 , '' vittoria said , `` that two kinds of matter were created in the big bang .
therefore a guy looking for acres and isolation and maximum bang for the buck would stay well away from it .
she wondered if she should just bang on the door until someone inside let her in .
a hell of a bang .
for her , the holidays began in late october and steadily gathered momentum until the big bang , a ten-hour marathon on christmas day with four meals and a packed house .
reacher listened to their feet on the stairs and waited for the street door to bang and then he stepped back to the bedroom .
i heard the door of the cabin bang shut , and then my body took over .
then i turned and took two steps inside , keeping close to the door so that neither of them could bang it shut .
so we come up to make an investigation , sort of , and when we put the question to this little tramp she slams my friend with an ice-pick bang on the think-pot .
well , the minutes and the seconds ticked by , and then , bang on time , at five minutes to midnight , i heard a rush of rubber soles on the stairs and then all hell broke loose . ''
you 'd be too frightened of the bang . ''
in the instant of opening and closing the door , bond debated whether to bang it shut , to shake her out of her mood , or to close it softly .
bond heard the bang of the door being opened behind him and the rattle of the men piling down the ladder .
by god , that had been an expensive bang !
she brushed back her bang of black hair coquettishly and replied .
i got a bang on the head '' -- he touched his right temple -- `` somewhere along the line on that job you sent me to do in japan .
they roughed me up a bit and in the process i must have got another bang on the head because suddenly i remembered who i was and that i was n't a japanese fisherman which was what i thought i was .
mr. scaramanga must have thought there were burglars about when he heard that window bang .
`` well , it certainly went with a bang , '' said basildon gratefully .
i saw the smoke and i heard the bang of the explosion a split second before the cliff came down .
so he was getting somewhere already-into the gangster world with a bang .
a pause , a bang of the hammer , a look of sincere reproach towards the ringside seats where the big money sat .
and the raised hammer fell with a bang .
there was a flash of yellow light near the tail rotor and the distant bang of an explosion .
he pulled up the window with a bang .
then bang goes the cipher machine !
he heard the baffle bang shut .
there was the bang of a swing door .
time for a haircut soon , i 'd say , but the uniform 's bang on .
or there may be a big bang somewhere else in the world .
they might have been spots in my vision , from fatigue , or from the bang on the head .
she set down one of the pots with a bang .
the bang was deafening in the small hospital room .
it 's nothing you did n't expect to find , but still you clench your fist and bang it on the rim of the steering wheel .
as she slipped her key into the front door , she heard a loud bang .
angel 's going for the big bang . ''
after breathing fire for three pages , it finished with a bang .
`` and you 're going for the big bang . ''
he faced durant and said , `` tell me more about- '' a bang startled him , then the ceiling-mounted camera in the corner exploded in a shower of sparks .
a pop came from outside , then a bang .
she heard a rapid bang of gunfire .
when the mighty fall , they crash with a bang . ''
`` the beautiful sonof a bitch who was my father embezzled fourhundred thousand from the chase manhattan whilehe was a trust officer , and when he was caught , went bang .
if kropodkin had been a show-off or if kretek 's crew had been up for a gang bang on the mess table , randi knew she would have been in trouble .
thunder cracked overhead and all at once the downpour hit the thatch roof with the bang of a shotgun .
behind him , he could hear the fire door bang open , the sound of hurried footsteps on the stairs behind him .
'biyao bang zhu , ' he said , telling the man he needed help badly and would pay for it .
'ring bang mang ! '
`` made for quite the bang .
we turned around and felt the breeze on our backs and heard a door bang at the rear of the house .
then the gust would die away and the spring would reassert itself and the door would bang back into the frame .
the magnesium-based stun grenade exploded with a great flash and bang directly in the center of their semicircle , only a foot or two from most of them .
every light extinguished with a loud bang , except for the three computer monitors .
the nurse pointed at one of three rooms , her face pasty with fear , and he heard a door bang shut in that direction .
my guess is that the crescent shield is planning a big bang somewhere .
well , at least go oat with a bang .
more volunteers appeared from nowhere , and the kitchen hummed with the pleasant clutter and bang of happy people busy with their work .
a loud bang at the door scared the hell out of me .
there was a huge metallic bang .
he tried a third time , hard enough to worry about the noise he was making , bang , and the message got through .
and then , at the intersection of state street and gorham , a scream of brakes and a hearty metallic bang had interrupted the conversation .
jack 's grief , which has been sharpening itself underground , once again rises up to stab him , as if for the first time , bang , dead-center in the heart .
him with foot in bear trap : `` if it is n't , he 'll just have to bang on the doors . ''
`` if it is n't , he 'll just have to bang on the doors . ''
`` then let him bang . ''
the thought was followed by the image of a balloon being blown up ... and up ... and up ... and finally exploding with a loud bang .
`` you keep saying that , '' i say , continue to bang at the door , panting and trembling with fear .
crossbow bolt bang in his forehead .
the most important moment of his life arrived not with a bang as he 'd always expected , but with the quiet rustle of wind through the trees and a serene breeze brushing his cheeks .
besides , most men would bang a jabberwocky ... or a hole in the wall if a jabberwocky was n't available . ''
tired as she was , eshe was in a fine dudgeon , and all wound up to blast armand for his inconsideration in waking her , but was brought up short when she dragged the door open and found a round little mortal woman about to bang her door again with the head of a vacuum cleaner .
`` like nicholas , '' bricker pointed out , making armand 's eyes slide sharply his way as he explained , `` nicholas 's memories end with his crossing the parking lot , and then , bang , he was opening his eyes in his basement to find the dead mortal in his lap and blood everywhere . ''
it started with a bang , of course , or actually an axing , and drina rolled her eyes at the antics on screen .
and then , bang , nothing at all .
she 'd have found a way to fall off the ladder , if nothing else , or bang it against the house .
she wanted to bang kim 's stupid head into the floor , but did n't dare , because she knew she would n't be able to stop .
`` rachel is n't a lady , '' he said as he shut the drawer with a bang .
like the big bang that started the universe ! ''
they say space is still ringing from the bang like a big bell , but we re so small we ca n't hear it .
but the elf would have none of his courtesy , and with her head high , she stalked up the stairs and into the house with a loud bang of the screen door .
as it was , he had to bang on the door a good five minutes or so before a bleary young maid opened it cautiously .
i replaced the brush and shut the locker with a bang .
as the last human passed through the gate , it closed behind them with a loud , final bang that echoed across the empty fields .
but , at that moment , whether from a timed latch or some kind of wire that i could n't see , all the cage doors opened with a bang , and the bleeders leaped up , howling .
they were dragging a small guy out of the booth it was only a small shed , really when suddenly there was this huge bang and a big cloud of smoke covered them all .
the wolf-man and ladies were about halfway down the rows of seats when there was a big bang !
`` i 'll bang on the cab if you start going the wrong way ... okay ? ''
i could even hear her feet bang together .
a bang sounded at the door .
too late , however , for the oddgob exploded with a terrific bang .
alexandria heard the bang of the basement door as they moved into the narrow stone hall leading to the sleeping chamber , but aidan himself made no sound .
the clap of thunder was deafening , as was the bang as the bolts scorched earth and shattered gravestones .
i bang on his door .
i sigh and bang the handle of the knife on the top of his head .
there was a sharp bang , and i jumped .
andy clapped her hands over her ears as it went off with a balance-destroying bang , and lit the night sky up like a sunny day .
down the hall , something exploded with a bang .
a sharp bang drew my attention to the house we had passed , an elegant snow castle with turrets and towers gracing one corner of the yard .
it was as loud as a foghorn , and she heard a sharp bang as either eve or shane hit their head on the hood of the car as they straightened up .
i shake and bang on the locked door .
he kissed her on the lips , and in a few minutes she heard the front door bang shut .
the woman grabbed her groceries and hurried into her house , shutting the door with a bang and locking it with a harsh rasp of metal .
put the demon curse in it , and bang !
the bang of the heavy door slamming shut shot through me .
there was another bang from outside , closer this time , and the lights flickered .
she shouted , jumping when a loud bang shook her .
myrnin came in from the back room , carrying a load of books , which he dropped with a loud bang on the floor to glare at the two of them .
go bang on his door and ask .
`` run for the door , bang on it while you 're opening it .
she heard his door slam before she made it to the top , and raced down the hall to bang her fist on the wood .
grace wanted to bang her head against the wall .
and even if i did , i would n't believe it could happen like this , just bang , out of the blue , like getting hit by a train when you 're not looking , without any warning or even any attraction to the person beforehand ... .
michael wrapped a fist in the back of the boy 's jersey and yanked him off his feet , throwing him down with a bang flat on his back .
back on the stairs , she heard the monitored door swing open with a bang as her pursuer thundered down behind her , running hard and gaining on her fast .
phineas heard more doors on the van bang shut .
like , oh , say , a dead guy coming in here to bang you ?
bright lights , big bang .
when he started to bang his skull against the dirty wallpaper , leaving a black stain where his ear was , she planted one and only one thought in his mind .
john buried that blade so deep and hard that after the flash and bang faded , he needed a two-handed grip and a full-body pull to free the weapon out of the asphalt .
yeah , he 'd been shocked , but that did n't mean he wanted to ... you know , bang her or some shit .
tegan dropped into the nearest chair as soon as he heard the boathouse door bang shut on elise 's heels .
myrnin shrugged and closed the book , which he dropped with a bang on the pile next to him .
the corporal could bang his big drum all he liked .
miranda wanted to bang her head against the top of the car at how idiotic she was .
just after p.e. , romy and i were standing by her locker when there was suddenly an explosive bang from farther down the hallway .
while keith continued to bang away , all eyes in my room were on me .
ivy shoved the can back under the sink , slamming the door with a loud bang .
`` bang , '' i whispered , then pulled the gun back to me and tucked it in at the small of my back .
claire heard the thump of footsteps outside , and then a bang as shane fetched up against the locked door .
seconds later , eve hit the other side with a bang and began rattling the knob .
nope , thats a turn , eve panted , fought the wheel , and somehowclaire had no idea howgot the car to make the impossible corner with only a little bang and scrape up against the concrete wall .
kaitlyn tried to bang lydia 's head against the headboard , but did n't have enough leverage .
i 'll tell you what the big bang was , lestat .
this may be the last chance you get to bang your drums and brag about your valor .
there was a sudden bang .
a final bang resounded and cole peered around the door jam .
`` you 'll have to bang on the window really hard , `` i told uncle drac , who is quite shy and usually leaves all the loud stuff to aunt tabby .
my mom closed the attic door with a bang .
the air pressure shifted with a bang .
`` we just bang on it with rocks , doc , but it seems to work . ''
before he could use the knocker to bang on the door , i grabbed his arm .
it clattered to the floor with a loud , reverberating bang , almost as if someone had fired a gun inside the restaurant .
maybe you should bang on all the doors or yell fire . ''
ted is determined to go out with a bang , not a whimper .
`` sod it , i 'll go out with a bang , '' spade declared , sliding his remaining chips into the center of the table .
`` though i doubt you 've ever been forced to nonstop bang a woman hyped up on the undead voodoo version of spanish fly , have you ? ''
without waiting for his reply , i shut the closet door with a bang and whirled back around , kicking his clothes and shoes under the bed .
but it was too late now to do anything but huddle inside and hope that the barrel would somehow hold up against the chunks of stone that were raining down all around us- bang .
especially when i heard parts of the upper floors crumble and bang against the ceiling but not crash through .
the table was looking better and better to bang my head against .
my lips pinched as i heard the door bang open , and i heard him say , sounding playful , `` sweetheart ... what did you think of the shirt ? ''
every year the party changed locations , but this house had been foreclosed on and mentioned as a possibility and , bang , it was a done deal .
i glanced at the queen , who seemed to be entranced by the commotion , apparently gearing up for the werewolves to bang her door down .
in reality , gunfire sounded more like a loud pop or a car backfiring than a big explosive bang .
`` better to go out with a bang than a whimper , right ? ''
the shots kept firing as mark watched benji swoop down and karate chop each of the guns out of their hands and then throw them all onto the ground with a bang .
she lifted it up with her hand and let it fall , making a very loud bang which echoed through her ears .
she began to undress and get into her pajamas when she heard a loud bang .
a shadow suddenly jumped from overhead and another bang echoed throughout .
ever since i came back to myself after the big bang , so to speak , i knew i had to give permission if anybody wanted to take my blood .
the bang from the gun bursts out ; a cloud of acrid smoke evaporates quickly , leaving behind only the smell of copper and burning .
there 's a bang on the door , and i turn , startled .
fists began to bang on the door .
christmas passes like thanksgiving , without a bang .
mr. tierney 's book comes down with a bang .
but then there was a bang and lauren lornet shot into the hall , sniffling , probably crying over some boy drama or fight with her parents or something normal .
i imagine juliet sneaking up to her room in the dark , and the silence , through the atmosphere of sleep so thick it feels solid , the lullaby of creaking floorboards and quietly hissing radiators , the slow revolutions of people orbiting wordlessly around one another ... . and then ... bang .
now , my character would be eighteen - legally able to bang the twenty-something stud .
a deafening bang shook my every bone .
what is this , the big bang for casters ? ''
she crashed and felt her elbow bang sharply , as lance stepped between jason and nina , expertly sliding her out of harm 's way .
i could feel aiden 's eyes on me and i wanted to bang my head on the table .
a bang and then a figure zips across the cave .
our lips nally met-in a full-on head bang that was n't anything close to a romantic kiss .
i 'd set le for one bang of a kiss followed by one sensational minute of kissing .
svetla 's hair was cut in a long , hard bang , so low it brushed her eyes , and it was shellacked with hairspray so it scarcely moved , all in order to hide her eyebrows , on which karou had wasted a shing in a fit of spite around christmastime .
instead she just flicks a bang off my forehead .
i have to carry it with both hands , half bent over , letting the bucket bang against my shins .
just as i 'm about to scoot past the door i hear a loud bang from inside the room .
i bring the rifle up to my shoulder , swing the muzzle toward her , think : bang .
she passes out of view , then returns with a large , leather-bound book , which she sets down on her side of the counter with a bang .
he says something , but his face is swallowed by a crescendo of sound as the two guitar players bang furiously on their instruments .
it takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust , but when they do i see that asher has his dick in his hand and he 's jerking off in his chair , only he 's turned sideways so that his pumping fist wo n't bang the underbelly of his desk .
i scream into the night , across the water , and then bang my fist against the concrete wall , trying to get my trigger finger to work , but no matter what i do , no matter how hard i try , i just ca n't seem to blow my brains out .
seconds later a loud bang rocketed through the car .
`` i 'm committed to- '' but then a bang on the door cut me off , and i had a bad feeling that liz had fallen from bex 's shoulders and knocked herself unconscious on the doorknob .
i stopped in the corridor , felt liz , then bex bang into me as i listened for something-anything-to give us an excuse to turn around .
free-falling , i felt my head bang against the metal shaft .
ambassador , are you- '' i raised my hand and started to bang , but then i heard the sounds of a struggle on the other side .
i only had to bang on the door for about three seconds before it was flung open , and call stood before me .
then i bang my head on the steering wheel .
will joins me in sitting on the window sill ; our feet bang against the wall .
the gates bang open .
a furious spring wind had hurled itself against the farmhouse all night , howling and whistling , causing the shutters to slam against the clapboards with a repetitive bang !
i had to bang my fist on the dash four times before the engine caught , but i told myself it was n't necessarily a sign of a lemon .
i bang on leah 's bedroom door .
setrakus ra slams his staff down on the stone floor with another thundering bang .
wanting to bang my head against the steering wheel , i groaned .
by hour number two , he wanted to bang his head against the wall .
yes , i 'm perfectly capable of remembering- '' a loud bang from above and behind them cut her off , made thomas jump .
i run over to the chain fence , bang through the gate , then feel jase 's hands at my waist , lifting me up so i 'm nearly to the top of our tall slippery one , close enough to throw one leg over .
i take his hand , squeezing mine , stepping closer as we hear the front door bang open .
i bang the back of my head against the steel bars , but the thoughts wo n't go away .
it was n't like she could bang on isaac 's door , begging for him to come back .
my fingers bang on the keys .
but it ai n't like i 'm hurting anybody , and bobby big boy gets a big bang out of the fantasy too , i know because the very second i start singing and skipping he goes mad , jumping like some tiny furry ballerina .
for some stupid reason i bang on the doors , yell , `` mom ? ''
and then i bang on the doors of the korean catholic church , and yell up to father chee who lives above the church , but no lights go on .
even tarver glances up at them , restless , picking up the pace so that i stumble and bang my knees on the rocks .
she made a move towards him only to bang up against another of ethan 's shields .
instead she straightened her spine and followed derren until he stopped her smack bang in the center of the room .
i squat beside the truck 's fuel tank and grab hold of the metal cap , praying one of those counterintuitive prayers that this bad boy is topped off-or better , half-full , since fumes will give us the biggest bang for the buck .
i want this so much ... then , without warning , i 'm hit with a sharp stab of guilt , right smack bang in my chest .
i did n't mean that i think you're- '' `` a brainless , superficial girl who does n't know that the milky way is something bigger than a candy bar or that the big bang theory is n't just a television show ? ''
later , she heard the door to the house bang open , heard her father 's unsteady footsteps coming down the hall , the tentative scratch of his fingers at her door .
yeah , i 'm pretty sure that bang i just heard was my heart hitting the floor .
lacing my fingers over the back of my neck , i spun around , wanting to bang my forehead against the wall until everything made sense again .
that girl always could bang out some serious ping-pong , no matter how much she 's had to drink .
i bang my chin hard and then lie flat as christian leaps over me , bringing his blade down hard on an evil twin 's black dagger .
it connects with his head with a heavy bang .
i want to bang my head into the glass .
and these are probably double rows of teeth marks , but it 's hard to tell ... ... '' behind them , there was a massive bang , and they all turned as a young man yelled and dropped something to the ground , which smoked and hissed .
the door slammed shut with a loud bang .
and bang , there it was .
did n't arthur deserve some more bang for his buck ?
i can take her back behind a tree again and just bang the shit out of her until she 's crying out my name and i get a few more moments away from the helpless , drowning feeling inside me-get the control i need .
there was more gunfire , but peter heard that only faintly and as nothing more substantial than distant pops , like the bang snaps he and his friends used to throw at one another on a dare .
another rumble , but this time she heard the distant bang and then the jump and tink and slide of rocks slithering down the walls .
from above came a hard bang and a thunk as rocks ricocheted and rebounded before slamming down in a stony fusillade .
the table toppled with a gigantic bang .
beyond tom , from the kitchen , came the enormous bang of a door smashing drywall .
there 's a door there and more room for her to lie ... '' there came a sudden hard bang , not the blast of a shotgun but the slam of stout wood against brick .
i wanted to bang my head on the table or scream my guts out .
without taking his eyes off the road , hunter reached behind him and slid the window shut with a bang .
his head hit the ceiling with a bang and rob started shaking him up and down , hitting his head with each motion .
rachel stared at it for a moment , then shut the window with a bang .
his mother 's shout and subsequent knock on the bedroom door brought him back to reality with a bang .
