Loss of any language or social skills, at any age.
Other changes include the reduction in size or loss of tail fins, the closure of gill slits, thickening of the skin, the development of eyelids, and certain changes in dentition and tongue structure.
Technology permits innovations like conservation tillage, a farming process which helps prevent land loss to erosion, reduces water pollution, and enhances carbon sequestration.
Davis believed the loss of General Johnston "was the turning point of our fate."
Loss of third-weak verbs ending in w (which merge with verbs ending in y).
There were multiple reasons for this: the severe deterioration of food supplies, especially in cities, the failure of Southern railroads, the loss of control of the main rivers, foraging by Northern armies, and the seizure of animals and crops by Confederate armies.
In water, aluminium acts as a toxiс agent on gill-breathing animals such as fish when the water is acidic, in which aluminium may precipitate on gills, which causes loss of plasma- and hemolymph ions leading to osmoregulatory failure.
His fortitude and silent submission to the will of God on the loss of his two sons are referred to as an excellent example to men how to glorify God in the midst of great affliction.
Assuming no loss of time when moving a car from one station to another, the longest stage on the assembly line determines the throughput (20 minutes for the engine installation) so a car can be produced every 20 minutes, once the first car taking 35 minutes has been produced.
The laparoscopic method speeds recovery time and reduces blood loss and infection as compared to the traditional "open" method.
61.3: 343–366. . On loss of patent in the USA in 1917.
The most serious consequence of this battle was not the loss of their possessions in Gaul to the Franks; with Ostrogothic help, much of the Gallic territory was recovered, Herwig Wolfram notes, perhaps as far as Toulouse.
The reported annual loss fish, calculates to >10 billion USD.
The oil price increases since 2003 made it more than profitable to extract this oil, which in the past would give little profit or even a loss.
However, it was not enough to prevent the loss of Vicki Bourne's Senate seat in NSW.
Throughout the sleep period Mission Control in Houston monitored a slow but steady oxygen loss.
It is characterized by a gradual loss in language functioning while other cognitive domains are mostly preserved, such as memory and personality.
They did, however, give the Panthers their only regular-season loss.
We have nothing but love and respect for her memory and for her loved ones left behind still grieving her loss.
He twice ran away from home without permission to hear his elder brother play violin concertos in neighboring churches on festival days (resulting in the loss of his beloved sugar), and he recounted being chastised by his father after failing to greet a local priest with proper respect.
The Giallorossi were on top of the table at one point, before a loss to Sampdoria later in the season.
A flight attendant who was present in the cabin subsequently filed a lawsuit against Boeing, stating that she was diagnosed with neurotoxic disorder due to her exposure to the fumes, which caused her to experience memory loss, tremors, and severe headaches.
Because of the view that anal sex is not "real sex" and therefore does not result in virginity loss, or pregnancy, teenagers and other young people may consider vaginal intercourse riskier than anal intercourse and believe that a STI can only result from vaginal intercourse.
After the match, a furious Heenan blamed Roussimoff for the title loss and after shouting at him, slapped him in the face; an angry Roussimoff responded with a slap of his own that sent Heenan staggering from the ring.
The loss of the empire in the 1820s hurt the economy of the region, particularly the cities that had benefited from the trade and ship building.
A 2012 meta-analysis concluded that grey matter loss is greater in patients treated with first generation antipsychotics relative to those treated with atypicals, and hypothesized a protective effect of atypicals as one possible explanation.
An army and even a nation might be based upon and around a particularly strong, canny, or charismatic leader, whose loss could paralyze the ability of both to make war.
Limb loss can present significant or even drastic practical limitations.
The day-to-day risks are generally small because the transactions involve small differences in price, so an execution failure will generally cause a small loss (unless the trade is very big or the price moves rapidly).
Active research focuses on the mechanisms driving the evolution of regressive traits, such as the loss of eyes, in A. mexicanus.
The lead and arsenic significantly suppress the zinc loss.
In another Pali sutta, the Buddha outlines how "eight worldly conditions", "keep the world turning around...Gain and loss, fame and disrepute, praise and blame, pleasure and pain."
These systems attracted a particular type of user who used the BBS as a unique type of communications medium, and when these local systems were crowded from the market in the 1990s, their loss was lamented for many years.
Other issues include: deforestation, due to the uncontrolled cutting-down of trees for fuel; and habitat loss threatens wildlife populations.
"The head of distribution said, 'Let's dump it and take a loss.'
For the offense, a violation of these rules results in loss of possession; for the defense, most leagues reset the shot clock and the offensive team is given possession of the ball out of bounds.
When using basic strategy, the long-term house advantage (the expected loss of the player) is minimized.
Accountants originally used black ink in ledgers to indicate profit, and red ink to indicate a loss.
Otherwise, without loss of generality,  But  Hence, by the IVT, there is a point  between  and  at which .
Wheeler, P. E. (1984) "The Evolution of Bipedality and Loss of Functional Body Hair in Hominoids."
The Ravens suffered a loss at home to the Cincinnati Bengals in the final game of the season that prevented them from earning a playoff berth.
While Buckner was singled out as responsible for the loss, many observers—as well as both Wilson and Buckner—have noted that even if Buckner had fielded the ball cleanly, the speedy Wilson probably would have still been safe, leaving the game-winning run at third with two out.
When indexed to weapon mass and cost of development and storage, biological weapons possess destructive potential and loss of life far in excess of nuclear, chemical or conventional weapons.
More derived castorids have less complex occlusion, upper tooth rows that diverge posteriorly, larger second premolars compared to molars, loss of P3 and stapedius, and more grooved palatine with a palatine foramen shifted towards the front.
The Gross national product (GNP) fell substantially during Karmal's rule because of the conflict; trade and transport was disrupted with loss of labor and capital.
To illustrate significance of genetic diversity loss, assume the average metapopulation size is 35 animals based on 140 animals spread across four populations (140/4=35).
After his third loss of Samarkand, Babur gave full attention to the conquest of North India, launching a campaign; he reached the Chenab River, now in Pakistan, in 1519.
In 1986, Bombardier acquired Canadair for C$120 million from the Government of Canada after it recorded the largest corporate loss in Canadian history.
The loss of such a large portion of British America, at the time Britain's most populous overseas possession, is seen by some historians as the event defining the transition between the "first" and "second" empires, in which Britain shifted its attention away from the Americas to Asia, the Pacific and later Africa.
If a mutual is large, or is expected to grow if it can raise capital by a conversion, its managers derive more value from a conversion but do not suffer much loss of perks than if the bank were small.
For example, David J. Eicher called Gettysburg a "strategic loss for the Confederacy" and James M. McPherson wrote that "Lee and his men would go on to earn further laurels.
Knight was recorded berating an NCAA volunteer at a March 1995 post-game press conference following a 65–60 loss to Missouri in the first round of the NCAA tournament held in Boise, Idaho.
This resulted in the Huguenots assimilating by the middle of the 18th century, with a loss in the use and knowledge of French.
And by  1945, 2 days after the last heavy bombing mission in Europe, the rate of aircraft loss was so low that replacement aircraft were no longer arriving and the number of bombers per bomb group was reduced.
It was also the biggest finals loss in the history of the competition which eclipsed the previous record set by Newtown when they defeated St George 55–7 in the 1944 finals series.
The king is the most valuable piece — attacks on the king must be immediately countered, and if this is impossible, immediate loss of the game ensues (see Check and checkmate below).
Studies have attempted to determine whether there is a monetary loss for industries affected by copyright infringement by predicting what portion of pirated works would have been formally purchased if they had not been freely available.
After 10 rounds, the expected loss will be 10 × 1 × 5.26% = 0.53.
Lifestyle changes include weight loss, decreased salt intake, physical exercise, and a healthy diet.
Croatia suffered great loss of life in the war, and while there was some late effort to establish a Croatian section of the Empire, ultimately the military defeat led to the establishment of a separate South Slavic state, which would later be named Yugoslavia.
Neuronal loss and gliosis are also seen.
In 1755, Joseph Black proved that this was due to the loss of carbon dioxide, which as a gas had not been recognised by the ancient Romans.
The remaining 15% of comatose cases result from trauma, excessive blood loss, malnutrition, hypothermia, hyperthermia, abnormal glucose levels, and many other biological disorders.
In a later letter, Lewis stated that his experience of the horrors of war, along with the loss of his mother and unhappiness in school, were the basis of his pessimism and atheism.
In the long term, effective weight loss or maintenance depends on calorie restriction, not the ratio of macronutrients in a diet.
Then, over millions of years, the heat and pressure of deep burial caused the loss of water, methane and carbon dioxide and increased in the proportion of carbon.
Alport syndrome – Can be passed on genetically, usually as X-linked dominant, but also as both an autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive disorder, sufferers have problems with their kidneys and eyes, loss of hearing can also develop during the childhood or adolescent years.
The bulk of the deforestation was located at the Caribbean slopes of Nicaragua with a loss of  of forest in the period from 2001 to 2010.
The most significant aspect of their loss, according to Carter, is the extent to which they might have provided musical links between Monteverdi's early Mantuan operas and those he wrote in Venice after 1638: "Without these links ... it is hard to a produce a coherent account of his development as a composer for the stage".
Symptoms may include goiter, poor length growth in infants, reduced adult stature, thickened skin, hair loss, enlarged tongue, a protruding abdomen; delayed bone maturation and puberty in children; and mental deterioration, neurological impairment, impeded ovulation, and infertility in adults.
After suffering another major loss at a battle in Fairfield, the Pequots asked for a truce and peace terms.
However, proponents of the cruise missile counter that the weapon can not be blamed for poor target selection and the same argument applies to other types of UAVs: they are cheaper than human pilots when total training and infrastructure costs are taken into account, not to mention the risk of loss of personnel.
Other sources report a total loss of 4150 people, and 180 million people were affected.
The loss ended a spectacular season for the Cubs, one that brought alive a slumbering franchise and made the Cubs relevant for a whole new generation of Cubs fans.
On 11 March 2014, two days after an FA Cup quarter-final loss to Sheffield United, and with Charlton sitting bottom of the table, Powell was sacked and leaked private emails suggested that this was due to a rift with the owner.
The loss of sodium and chloride ions compensates for the osmotic effect of the higher concentration of organic molecules inside the cell.
He had a record of issuing unrealistic orders and persistently attempting to fight unwinnable battles, leading to the loss of his best troops.
As a rule of thumb, if the condition number , then you may lose up to  digits of accuracy on top of what would be lost to the numerical method due to loss of precision from arithmetic methods.
This heat loss through the glass keeps the internal bulb temperature steady with the result that the two sides of the vanes develop a temperature difference.
The FAA enforces minimum emergency descent rates for aircraft and noting Concorde's higher operating altitude, concluded that the best response to pressure loss would be a rapid descent.
Severe hair loss occurs most often with drugs such as doxorubicin, daunorubicin, paclitaxel, docetaxel, cyclophosphamide, ifosfamide and etoposide.
Loss of texts at the end of the Qin Dynasty
The 2003 loss estimates by these firms range from $13 billion (worms and viruses only) to $226 billion (for all forms of covert attacks).
Mental effects may include an intense feeling of happiness, sexual arousal, loss of contact with reality, or agitation.
Hewlett-Packard's PC business had similar challenges like Compaq but this was offset by HP's extremely lucrative printer business, while IBM sold PCs at a loss but used them to lock in multi-year services contracts with customers.
Many smaller cacti have globe-shaped stems, combining the highest possible volume for water storage, with the lowest possible surface area for water loss from transpiration.
Loss of touch sensation in the feet, ankles, and legs, as well as in the hands, wrists, and arms occurs with various types of the disease.
The acceptable trade-off between loss of audio quality and transmission or storage size depends upon the application.
Such aspects of illness can include lethargy, depression, loss of appetite, sleepiness, hyperalgesia, and inability to concentrate.
Most predictions of forestry related biodiversity loss are based on species-area models, with an underlying assumption that as the forest declines species diversity will decline similarly.
During this five-year period, the biggest forest area loss occurred in the tropics, particularly in South America and Africa.
Despite the loss, linebacker Chuck Howley was named the Super Bowl MVP, the first and only time in Super Bowl history that the game's MVP did not come from the winning team.
The 2008 season ended in a 52–21 loss at the San Diego Chargers, giving the Broncos an 8–8 record and their third straight season out of the playoffs.
A judge arrives compensatory number by considering both the type of contract, and the loss incurred.
That year, the loss of North Vietnam to the communists and the rejection of his proposed European Defence Community (EDC) were serious defeats, but he remained optimistic in his opposition to the spread of communism, saying "Long faces don't win wars".
Demeter declined them both, on account of her mourning over the loss of Persephone.
Even a mild degree of hearing loss can have negative consequences for speech, language understanding, and academics.
Traction bars – rear struts fixed to rear axle to keep rear axle from twisting, causing wheel hop and loss of traction; slapper bars.
1 MSC corresponded to the loss of power over one mile (approximately 1.6 km) of standard telephone cable at a frequency of  radians per second (795.8 Hz), and matched closely the smallest attenuation detectable to a listener.
The denaturing process and the associated loss of activity can be measured using techniques such as dual-polarization interferometry, CD, QCM-D and MP-SPR.
Crash dieting can produce weight loss but without professional supervision all along, the extreme reduction in calories and potential unbalance in the diet's composition can lead to detrimental effects, including sudden death.
This shows that the body cannot precisely compensate for errors in energy/calorie intake, countering the Set-Point Theory and potentially explaining both weight loss and weight gain such as obesity.
While the city has seen the loss of some traditional market sites, Moore Street remains one of the city's oldest trading districts.
Since the nominal values of these new issues were lower than their intrinsic worth as metals, the state was minting these coins at a loss.
Restructuring of heavy industry also continued: the Caterpillar plant on the city's north side closed, causing another wave of job loss.
The dry clutch eliminates the power loss from oil viscosity drag on the engine, even though the engagement may not be as smooth as the oil-bath versions, but the clutch plates can wear more rapidly.
Contemporary records describing the battle of Hemmingstedt make no reference to the loss of the original Dannebrog, although the capitulation state that all Danish banners lost in 1500 were to be returned.
Ellington said that, although he still considered the men guilty, the three would likely be acquitted if a new trial were held because of the powerful legal counsel representing them now, the loss of evidence over time, and the change of heart among some of the witnesses.
Unlike credit cards, loss or theft reported more than two business days after being discovered is capped at $500 (vs. $50 for credit cards), and if reported more than 60 calendar days after the statement is sent all the money in the account may be lost.
Another failure was the loss of the star tracker.
This is sometimes known as the variation margin where the futures exchange will draw money out of the losing party's margin account and put it into the other party's thus ensuring that the correct daily loss or profit is reflected in the respective account.
Uncertainty in economics is an unknown prospect of gain or loss, whether quantifiable as risk or not.
Often in a post-colonial context, the growing recognition and use of indigenous education methods can be a response to the erosion and loss of indigenous knowledge and language through the processes of colonialism.
Loss of claimed territories since 1830
The  wavelength is especially important for optical communications because standard single mode optical fibers have minimal loss at this particular wavelength.
Two of the most popular are "OIL RIG" (Oxidation Is Loss, Reduction Is Gain) and "LEO" the lion says "GER" (Lose Electrons: Oxidation, Gain Electrons: Reduction).
Many ecosystems become degraded through human impacts, such as soil loss, air and water pollution, habitat fragmentation, water diversion, fire suppression, and introduced species and invasive species.
through the increased risk of injury when defending offspring against predators, the loss of mating opportunities whilst rearing offspring, and an increase in the time to the next reproduction.
(2) 27 September 2020 – The Defense Ministry of Azerbaijan confirmed the loss of one helicopter but said that the crew survived the crash.
Expressive aphasia, also known as Broca's aphasia, is a type of aphasia characterized by partial loss of the ability to produce language (spoken, manual, or written), although comprehension generally remains intact.
The negative resistance of the active device cancels the (positive) internal loss resistance in the resonator, in effect creating a resonator with no damping, which generates spontaneous continuous oscillations at its resonant frequency.
Lewis felt that producing an hour of "reasonable quality drama" a week was the maximum that any broadcasting system could generate without loss of integrity.
This led to a number of problems, such as loss of the spouses' original nationality, the spouse losing the right to consular assistance (since consular assistance cannot be provided to nationals under the jurisdiction of a foreign state of which they are also nationals), and becoming subject to military service obligations.
Earthquakes that caused the greatest loss of life, while powerful, were deadly because of their proximity to either heavily populated areas or the ocean, where earthquakes often create tsunamis that can devastate communities thousands of kilometers away.
 Enron Oil, Enron's flourishing petroleum marketing operation, reports loss of $85 million in 8-K filings.
After a 17-point Second Semi-Final loss to South Melbourne, Essendon defeated Fitzroy (who had beaten South Melbourne) in the 1923 Grand Final (then known as a "Challenge Final" due to its different finals format): Essendon 8.15 (63) to Fitzroy 6.10 (46).
If an ineligible receiver is beyond the neutral zone when a forward pass crossing the neutral zone is thrown, a foul of "ineligible receiver downfield" (resulting in a penalty of five yards, but no loss of down) is called.
In 2011 the group of Radek Wojtak of the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen collected data from 8000 galaxy clusters and found that the light coming from the cluster centers tended to be red-shifted compared to the cluster edges, confirming the energy loss due to gravity.
As a third factor, Hintzsche mentions the minimal blood loss which Kocher achieved.
Heat loss from industrial processes vary per unit of volume for pipes, tanks and other vessels in a relationship somewhat similar to the square–cube law.
In 1889, at age 45, he suffered a collapse and afterward a complete loss of his mental faculties.
Provinces that experienced an actual population loss during these years were in the east and the northeast-Pohjois-Karjala, Mikkeli, and Kuopio.
To compensate for the loss of manufacturer teams, four new teams were accepted entry into the 2010 season ahead of a much anticipated 'cost-cap'.
These theories encompass the loss of information already retained in long-term memory or the inability to encode new information again.
Sudden reductions in traction can cause loss of control and accidents.
This loss of nitrogen caused by a fire produces a long-term reduction in the fertility of the soil, but this fecundity can potentially be recovered as molecular nitrogen in the atmosphere is "fixed" and converted to ammonia by natural phenomena such as lightning and by leguminous plants that are "nitrogen-fixing" such as clover, peas, and green beans.
Additionally, gay males may regard fellatio as a way of maintaining their virginities, with penile-anal penetration defined as resulting in virginity loss, while other gay males may define fellatio as their main form of sexual activity.
1985 – The Provisional Irish Republican Army carries out a mortar attack on the Royal Ulster Constabulary police station at Newry, killing nine officers in the highest loss of life for the RUC on a single day.
One approach to remove the risk of such loss of accuracy is the design and analysis of numerically stable algorithms, which is an aim of the branch of mathematics known as numerical analysis.
Drake's fleet suffered great attrition; he scuttled both Christopher and the flyboat Swan due to loss of men on the Atlantic crossing.
This loss was described as "historic" in its proportions and "unthinkable".
The flight control computer (FLCC) accepts pilot input from the stick and rudder controls and manipulates the control surfaces in such a way as to produce the desired result without inducing control loss.
On 8 January, the Saudi admitted the loss of an aircraft but due to technical reasons.
Later measurements confirmed Singer's big "if" caveat: Shklovsky overestimated Phobos' rate of altitude loss due to bad early data.
The 23rd Armoured Brigade was destroyed, with the loss of 40 tanks destroyed and 47 badly damaged.
 The so-called Ingvaeonic nasal spirant law, with loss of /n/ before voiceless fricatives: e.g.
They often have a high frequency loss with better hearing in the low frequencies and one ear is typically worse than the other.
Record loss and preservation
This has created a chronic problem for Greece, in terms of loss of capital as well as human resources, since many of those students opt to seek employment in the countries they studied, after completing their studies.
The loss of Normandy by King John in 1204 isolated the Channel Islands from mainland Europe.
After the tournament, Hagi retired from the national team, only to change his mind after a few months and participate in UEFA Euro 2000, during which he was sent off in the 2–0 quarter-final loss against eventual runners-up Italy; this was his final international appearance.
Before this loss, DNA methylation allows the adequate expansion of the genome.
The ablation zone is the region where there is a net loss in glacier mass.
Once a prosperous steel town, it has suffered drastic population loss due to overseas competition and restructuring of the industry, falling by 61 percent from its peak of 178,320 in 1960.
This is often not an ideal solution for GIF images, both because the loss of spatial resolution typically makes an image look fuzzy on the screen, and because the dithering patterns often interfere with the compressibility of the image data, working against GIF's main purpose.
Here the adventure concerns the loss of Denmark to the Swedes as well as Hading's attempts to reclaim it with the help of giants and Odin.
Affixes can then be subject to various phonological processes such as assimilation, vowel centering to the schwa, phoneme loss, and fusion, and these processes can reduce or even eliminate the distinctions between cases.
In 2008, Collingwood inflicted Geelong's only home-and-away loss, by a massive 86 points, but the teams did not meet in the finals.
But testing might not have revealed the problem; the Lewis Research Center was never able to replicate the problem on Earth, and it was assumed to be the combination of loss of lubricant during transportation, vibration during launch by the IUS, and a prolonged period of time in the vacuum of space where bare metal touching could undergo cold welding.
In compensation for the loss of freedom, Napoleon gave the people new hospitals and asylums, beautified and modernized Paris, and built a modern railroad and transportation system that dramatically improved commerce, and helped the many small farmers as well.
On 26 December 2004 during the Christmas holiday and Boxing Day celebration, several Dutch people in Thailand and the other part across of South and Southeast Asia were among thousands of people killed by the magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami off Indonesian island's west coast of Sumatra, which suffered from the significant loss of Dutch lives.
Some people may use insulin to induce weight loss, whereas for others this may be due to malingering or factitious disorder, which is a psychiatric disorder.
The loss is attributable to several factors.
The accident effectively put an end to Joseph's career as a cricketer, and his subsequent earnings as a shopkeeper were not enough to compensate for the loss of the primary source of family income.
Loss of motor skills
Although all levels are present in this version and feature their correct layouts, their architecture details are somewhat simplified and there is some loss in overall lighting quality.
The poem Þrymskviða tells of Thor's loss of his hammer, Mjöllnir, to the jötnar and quest to get it back.
Proponents of the concept argue that hydrostatic shock can produce remote neural damage and produce incapacitation more quickly than blood loss effects.
The ongoing 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, the 6% Goods and Services Tax, and the high cost of living were all the factors in Najib's loss.
Despite the loss of major industrial districts France produced an enormous output of munitions that armed both the French and the American armies.
The general local elections of October 2000 marked the loss of control of the Democrats over the local governments and a victory for the Socialists.
The effect of vasopressin on the kidney tubules is to reabsorb water from the distal convoluted tubules and collecting ducts, thus preventing aggravation of the water loss via the urine.
On the other hand, without careful thought, foals bred without a potential market for them may wind up being sold at a loss, and in a worst-case scenario, sold for "salvage" value—a euphemism for sale to slaughter as horsemeat.
Margaret Tudor wrote letters to her father declaring her homesickness, but Henry could do nothing but mourn the loss of his family and honor the terms of the peace treaty he had agreed to with the King of Scotland.
The surge in the mass killings by poachers involved in the illegal ivory trade along with habitat loss is threatening African elephant populations.
Hubris often indicates a loss of contact with reality and an overestimation of one's own competence, accomplishments or capabilities.
The ram may be damaged by freezing in winter, or loss of air in the pressure vessel leading to excess stress on the ram parts.
Symptoms of hydrocodone overdose include narrowed or widened pupils; slow, shallow, or stopped breathing; slowed or stopped heartbeat; cold, clammy, or blue skin; excessive sleepiness; loss of consciousness; seizures; or death.
In 1947 the British Indian Empire was partitioned into two independent dominions, a Hindu-majority Dominion of India and a Muslim-majority Dominion of Pakistan, amid large-scale loss of life and an unprecedented migration.
Al-Fatah alliance, whose main components are militia groups affiliated with the Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces, sustained its crushing loss and snatched 17 seats.
Similar to TCP congestion control on the internet, frame loss is built into the operation of 802.11.
Development of prevocalic s to h in Proto-Greek, with later loss of h between vowels.
In 1838 John Hall patented the use of roasted tap cinder (iron silicate) for the furnace bottom, greatly reducing the loss of iron through increased slag caused by a sand lined bottom.
Broadly speaking, risk is the likelihood that something bad will happen that causes harm to an informational asset (or the loss of the asset).
As a probation to avoid further sanction, Inter agreed to have a three-year aggregate break-even from 2015 to 2018, with the 2015–16 season being allowed to have a net loss of a maximum of €30 million, followed by break-even in the 2016–17 season and onwards.
Furthermore, as the accounting profession formally recognizes in financial accounting standards, the premium cannot be so large that there is not a reasonable chance of a significant loss to the insurer.
A combined ratio of less than 100% indicates an underwriting profit, while anything over 100 indicates an underwriting loss.
Marine insurance and marine cargo insurance cover the loss or damage of vessels at sea or on inland waterways, and of cargo in transit, regardless of the method of transit.
Any factor that causes a greater likelihood of loss should theoretically be charged a higher rate.
A power-off interrupt predicts imminent loss of power, allowing the computer to perform an orderly shut-down while there still remains enough power to do so.
Subsequent analyses have identified thousands of examples of intron loss and gain events, and it has been proposed that the emergence of eukaryotes, or the initial stages of eukaryotic evolution, involved an intron invasion.
By late-March, having achieved their initial aims with surprising speed and little loss, albeit against enemies ill-prepared to resist them, the Japanese paused to consider their next moves.
As with many other drugs, users may also injure themselves due to loss of coordination or impaired judgment, especially if they attempt to operate machinery.
Since 2010, Japan has experienced net population loss due to falling birth rates and minimal immigration, despite having one of the highest life expectancies in the world, at 85.00 years  (it stood at 81.25 as of 2006).
Unitas started the season with a 38–0 loss to the Washington Redskins.
In April 2012, the UK closed this loophole, leading to the closure of many island businesses and the loss of a number of jobs on the island.
Donne mourned her deeply, and wrote of his love and loss in his 17th Holy Sonnet.
This was the worst general election result of the 20th century for the Conservatives, seeing the loss of all the party's seats in Wales and Scotland.
Organised by a small group of Catholic nobility, the October 1641 Irish Rebellion was the cumulative effect of land confiscation, loss of political control, anti-Catholic measures and economic decline.
The Loss of Odin's Eye 
The pain of the loss of her mother was compounded when some of the personal effects her mother had left her were stolen.
Davis's renewed service in the Senate was interrupted in early 1858 by an illness that began as a severe cold and which threatened him with the loss of his left eye.
The jaguar is threatened by loss and fragmentation of habitat, illegal killing in retaliation for livestock depredation and for illegal trade in jaguar body parts.
He became one of the scapegoats (along with James Longstreet) blamed for Lee's loss at Gettysburg by proponents of the postbellum Lost Cause movement, such as Jubal Early.
Loss of Normandy, 1202–1204
At less than 4 g, no visual problems or loss of consciousness were experienced.
Prayer shawls, or shawls in which the crafter meditates or says prayers of their faith while hand knitting with the intent on comforting the recipient, are donated to those experiencing loss or stress.
Marx described this loss as commodity fetishism, in which the things that people produce, commodities, appear to have a life and movement of their own to which humans and their behaviour merely adapt.
"Kaddish" covered topics including mourning chosen family, reproductive loss, illness, ritual writing, suicide, queer and trans burial, tattoos and conversion status, and state violence.
Utamaro was apparently very upset by the loss of his long-time friend and supporter.
The following day after a loss in Milwaukee to the Lakers, Abdul-Jabbar confirmed to reporters his desire to play in another city.
It is important to distinguish the pathophysiology of marasmus and kwashiorkor when it comes to treating malnourished children who may have hypovolemic shock that is cause by an acute loss of salt and water.
If we suppose our extraneous observer to be a being of pure reason, devoid of instincts himself and unaware of the way in which all instincts in general and aggression in particular can miscarry, he would be at a complete loss how to explain history at all.
a "flash" knockout, when a very transient (less than three seconds) loss of consciousness occurs (in the context of a knock-down) and the recipient often maintains awareness and memory of the combat.
Disregarding loss or gain however, the sum of the kinetic and potential energy remains constant.
During this period, Bush had suffered a series of bereavements, including the loss of guitarist Alan Murphy, who had started working with her on The Tour of Life in 1979, and her mother Hannah, to whom she was exceptionally close.
These studies demonstrated no significant loss in LSD concentration at 25 °C for up to four weeks.
Walton argues that although the two are comparable "the metaphor of the dam bursting carries with it no essential element of a sequence of steps from an initial action through a gray zone with its accompanying loss of control eventuated in the ultimate outcome of the ruinous disaster.
The share of ethnic Latvians fell from 75% (1,472,612) in 1935 to 52% (1,387,757) in 1989, after human loss in World War II and human deportation and other repressive measures.
When the Nazi Party came into power in Germany, German–Lithuanian relations worsened considerably as the Nazis did not want to accept the loss of the Klaipėda Region (German: Memelland).
This resulted in a speed loss of 200 km/h.
He withdrew from the Asian hard-court swing due to a wrist injury suffered during the Australian Davis Cup playoff loss to Belgium.
Lederman began to suffer from memory loss in 2011 and, after struggling with medical bills, he had to sell his Nobel medal for $765,000 to cover the costs in 2015.
Loss of  before  (CL  > VL ) but this influence on the later development of Romance languages was limited from written influence, analogy, and learned borrowings.
Since the coastal wetlands support an economically important coastal fishery, the loss of wetlands is adversely affecting this industry.
An eight-year-old Indonesian boy died from blood loss after an attack in  2007.
The decline is believed to be mainly due to loss of suitable habitat, attacks by foxes and dogs and disturbance at nesting sites.
The light at the image plane, however, fills a larger solid angle so the luminance comes out to be the same assuming there is no loss at the lens.
In the song "Power and Glory" from Lou Reed's 1992 album Magic and Loss, Reed recalls the experience of seeing his friend dying of cancer and makes reference to the myth, "I saw isotopes introduced into his lungs / trying to stop the cancerous spread / And it made me think of Leda and The Swan / and gold being made from lead"
The character's abrupt hair loss has been made reference to several times over the course of his history.
Lowenstein reports that the premium of Royal Dutch had increased to about 22%, which implies that LTCM incurred a large loss on this arbitrage strategy.
There are cases of intolerance or allergic reaction to dietary lycopene, which may cause diarrhea, nausea, stomach pain or cramps, gas, and loss of appetite.
Sea otters are vulnerable to oil spills and the indirect effects of overfishing; the black-footed ferret, a relative of the European polecat, suffers from the loss of American prairie; and wolverine populations are slowly declining because of habitat destruction and persecution.
These breakups are due to the presence of deadweight loss and inefficiency in a monopolistic market, causing the Government to intervene on behalf of consumers and society in order to incite competition.
Mormons claim the martyrdom of the apostles led to a loss of priesthood authority to administer the church and its ordinances.
Some dystrophies cause progressive weakness and loss of muscle function, which may result in severe physical disability and a life-threatening deterioration of respiratory muscles or heart.
After a shock first-round, straight set, loss to Jelena Dokić at Wimbledon, Hingis bounced back to reach her third consecutive US Open final, where she lost to 17-year-old Serena Williams.
In 1998, the Labour Party's loss in a parliamentary vote led the Prime Minister to call an early election.
This loss of still more territory provoked considerable outrage among Mexicans, but Santa Anna claimed that he needed money to rebuild the army from the war.
That loss was made up for in November 2011 when a Liberal Democrat councillor on St Austell town council, Derek Collins, defected to MK, claiming that his former party had 'failed Cornwall'.
The loss of this status left the Jewish and Christian communities with conversion to Islam, death, or exile.
In a zero-sum game, this is identical to minimizing one's own maximum loss, and to maximizing one's own minimum gain.
In one encounter, 13 Zeros shot down 27 I-15s and I-16s in under three minutes without loss.
A similar effect would have occurred if Mercury had been in synchronous rotation: the alternating gain and loss of rotation over revolution would have caused a libration of 23.65° in longitude.
Escapees can adversely impact local ecosystems through hybridization and loss of genetic diversity in native stocks, increase negative interactions within an ecosystem (such as predation and competition), disease transmission and habitat changes (from trophic cascades and ecosystem shifts to varying sediment regimes and thus turbidity).
As soon as Ibn Mu'ammar disowned them, Wahhabis were subject to excommunication (Takfir); exposing themselves to loss of lives and property.
The Vikings beat the New York Giants, 44–7, in Week 17 to help the team clinch the second seed in the conference and a first-round-bye with an Eagles loss later that same day.
Longtime Expos play-by-play broadcaster Dave Van Horne later argued that the loss of badly-needed corporate support "really started a long, downward spiral" for the team.
Their withdrawal would have meant a political retreat and the loss of Pisa and Mantua.
If God, as the supra-sensory ground and goal, of all reality, is dead; if the supra-sensory world of the Ideas has suffered the loss of its obligatory, and above it, its vitalizing and up-building power, then nothing more remains to which Man can cling, and by which he can orient himself.
With the loss of India, Burma lost relevance and obtained independence from the British.
The jet pilots claimed six Sturmoviks for the loss of three Messerschmitts.
Due to the closures and loss of ticket sales, many theatre companies were placed in financial peril.
On the other hand, high drug concentrations, or microtubule mutations that depolymerize the microtubules, can restore cell migration but there is a loss of directionality.
Tlacahuepan was remembered as a hero despite the loss, and many songs were dedicated to him to be remembered through poetry.
'[...] is he at a loss there?'
For the special case where  is a joint probability distribution and the loss function is the negative log likelihood  a risk minimization algorithm is said to perform generative training, because  can be regarded as a generative model that explains how the data were generated.
Numbness usually occurs after the tingling has passed with a loss of position sense.
In 1866 the United States cancelled the Reciprocity Treaty, leading to loss of trade with New England and prompting a desire to build trade within British North America, and Fenian raids increased support for union.
Eventually restored as a kingdom (albeit in legislative union with Denmark) in 1661, Norway saw its land area decrease in the 17th century with the loss of the provinces Båhuslen, Jemtland, and Herjedalen to Sweden, as the result of a number of disastrous wars with Sweden.
It has been a long-standing cause for concern that a preemptive strike or retaliatory strike on Seoul using this arsenal of artillery north of the Demilitarized Zone would lead to a massive loss of life in Seoul.
Following its loss during the Spanish–American War of 1898, Spain ceded Guam to the United States and sold the remainder of the Marianas (i.e., the Northern Marianas), along with the Caroline Islands, to Germany under the German–Spanish Treaty of 1899.
In English law, the right to claim for purely economic loss is limited to a number of 'special' and clearly defined circumstances, often related to the nature of the duty to the plaintiff as between clients and lawyers, financial advisers, and other professions where money is central to the consultative services.
The sugar industry on the island never fully recovered and during the general depression that followed the loss of the West Indian sugar monopoly, Nevis fell on hard times and the island became one of the poorest in the region.
Subsequent loss of the nasal/oral contrast in vowels may result in nasal consonants becoming part of the phoneme inventory.
In 1976, Wallace Muhammad estimated the Nation's net worth to be $46 million, although revealed it had a severe cash flow problem, owed millions in back taxes to the Internal Revenue Service, and was making a loss with its agricultural operations.
A loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers brought the record to 4–2, but the team bounced back with a 62–7 blowout win against the struggling Indianapolis Colts.
The Giants began the 2012 season with a home loss to the Cowboys, but rebounded to finish October with a 6–2 record and on a four-game winning streak that included a 26–3 road victory against the eventual NFC champion San Francisco 49ers.
The film failed at the box office and was a major loss for Coppola's new Zoetrope Studios.
Following the loss of the Space Shuttle Challenger in 1986, NR-1 was used to search for, identify, and recover critical parts of the Challenger craft.
However, Mexico would have been much more severely affected by job loss and reduction of economic growth in both the short term and long term.
In the next 20 months, mines delivered by aircraft sank or damaged 164 Axis ships with the loss of 94 aircraft.
Urban sprawl and farmland severances contribute to the loss of thousands of acres of productive agricultural land in Ontario each year.
Loss of final consonants.
Osteoporosis may be due to lower-than-normal maximum bone mass and greater-than-normal bone loss.
Bone loss can be a feature of complex regional pain syndrome.
A study done in 2010 found that the prolonged exposure to aircraft noise around the Kadena Air Base and other military bases cause health issues such as a disrupted sleep pattern, high blood pressure, weakening of the immune system in children, and a loss of hearing.
Total evaporative water loss (TEWL) is statistically lower in the common ostrich than in membering ratites.
Moreover, varying surface temperatures within the respiratory tract contribute differently to overall heat and water loss through panting.
The Luftwaffe reported the loss of only 35 aircraft on the first day of combat.
As early as 1576, Edward de Vere was writing about this subject in his poem Loss of Good Name, which Steven W. May described as "a defiant lyric without precedent in English Renaissance verse."
On the other hand, while supporting a continuity in the Bible about the absence of preternatural gifts () with regard to the ophitic event, Haag never makes any reference to the discontinuity of the loss of access to the tree of life.
The U.S. said it would share some of its intelligence and reconnaissance information with European allies to make up for any loss of critical information from the end of the Treaty.
Compared to Old World monkeys, apes have more mobile shoulder joints and arms due to the dorsal position of the scapula, broad ribcages that are flatter front-to-back, a shorter, less mobile spine, and with lower vertebrae greatly reduced - resulting in tail loss in some species.
On grounds of avoiding a potentially serious financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to give them a bailout, eventually at a future loss to taxpayers and to the Portuguese people in general.
Spurred by the Pakistan Movement, which sought a homeland for the Muslims of British India, and election victories in 1946 by the All-India Muslim League, Pakistan gained independence in 1947 after the Partition of the British Indian Empire, which awarded separate statehood to its Muslim-majority regions and was accompanied by an unparalleled mass migration and loss of life.
This treaty standardized the filing date requirements, standardized the application and forms, allows for electronic communication and filing, and avoids unintentional loss of rights, and simplifies patent office procedures.
The Steelers won the inaugural game played at Baltimore's M&T Bank Stadium in , 20–13, and three years later the Ravens handed the Steelers their first-ever loss at Heinz Field, 13–10.
In those four defeats, their average margin of loss was just under 5 points.
By 1989, inflation reached almost 3,000 percent and 7,000 percent in 1990, with Peru experiencing a GDP loss of twenty-four percent in the last three years of García's tenure.
In 2011, the company posted a loss of €1.3 billion, but earned a net profit in Q1 and Q2 2012, however the management wanted €1.1 billion cost-cutting which was an increase from €800 million and may cut another 2,200 jobs until end of 2014.
The solution containing water, ammonia, and adenine is then left to air dry, with the adenine losing solubility due to the loss of ammonia gas that previously made the solution basic and capable of dissolving adenine, thus causing it to crystallize into a pure white powder that can be stored.
By setting up multiple lasers and mirrors, the amount of energy loss is minimized, also since the lenses are coated with antireflective material, the light intensity remains relatively the same from when it left the laser to when it hits the wafer.
For example, polyester chains grow by reaction of alcohol and carboxylic acid groups to form ester links with loss of water.
The main reasons for the extinction of the passenger pigeon were the massive scale of hunting, the rapid loss of habitat, and the extremely social lifestyle of the bird, which made it highly vulnerable to the former factors.
Mixed oxygen/carbon attack and by this a loss of selectivity is usually observed if the reaction rate reaches diffusion control.
Respiration through the whole surface of the body makes them vulnerable to fluid loss, and restricts them to environments where dehydration is unlikely: sea and freshwater, moist terrestrial environments such as leaf litter or between grains of soil, and as parasites within other animals.
The program reports errors, packet loss, and a statistical summary of the results, typically including the minimum, maximum, the mean round-trip times, and standard deviation of the mean.
Polar bears continue to be listed as a species of special concern in Canada because of their sensitivity to overharvest and because of an expected range contraction caused by loss of Arctic sea ice.
Hydroxyproline is a critical component of collagen, which becomes unstable upon its loss.
Newly acquired pubs are often renamed by the new owners, and many people resent the loss of traditional names, especially if their favourite regional beer disappears at the same time.
Martínez pitched effectively in his second-ever World Series start, but left the game in the 7th inning trailing, 2–1, and wound up taking the loss.
On 5 June, 473 B-29s struck Kobe by day and destroyed  of buildings for the loss of 11 bombers.
The Chinese translation of the Upāsikaśila Sūtra, as well as the Pāli version of the Sigālovāda Sutta, speak of ill consequences such as loss of wealth, ill health, a bad reputation and "stupidity", concluding in a rebirth in hell.
Generally, this was placed in the context of a contracting planet Earth due to heat loss in the course of a relatively short geological time.
Unfortunately, the loss of the kits came during Lockheed test pilot Tony LeVier's four-month morale-boosting tour of P-38 bases.
One night, Ochs was attacked and strangled by robbers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, which damaged his vocal cords, causing a loss of the top three notes in his vocal range.
“The Politics of Loss and Its Remains in Common Threads: Stories from the Quilt.” Rhetoric & Public Affairs 10(4):681–700.
Without loss of generality, let the ground state be in the -th direction:
The fall in productivity could also be attributed to several macro-economic factors, such as the loss in productivity observed across UK due to Brexit, which may create a mini-recession in the region.
In French, most of these secondary final consonants (as well as primary ones) were lost before around 1700, but tertiary final consonants later arose through the loss of  < -a.
Citing the economic theories of Arthur Laffer, Reagan promoted the proposed tax cuts as potentially stimulating the economy enough to expand the tax base, offsetting the revenue loss due to reduced rates of taxation, a theory that entered political discussion as the Laffer curve.
Nixon was in the hospital when the 1974 midterm elections were held, and Watergate and the pardon were contributing factors to the Republican loss of 43 seats in the House and three in the Senate.
Because of radon's rapid loss to air and comparatively rapid decay, radon is used in hydrologic research that studies the interaction between groundwater and streams.
1904 – Danish ship SS Norge foundered on Hasselwood Rock with the loss of nearly all its 750 passengers.
Most variants of reality television have proven to be a comparative failure in reruns, due to a number of factors (high cast turnover, loss of the element of surprise, overall hostility toward the format, and lack of media cross-promotion among them); some self-contained and personality-driven reality shows have been successfully rerun.
Allied to rival political factions, the parties are grieving ("One lot already grieving") because their endless warfare has led to the destruction of both parties, rather than a grief from the loss of their ill-fated offspring as the play sets forth, which appears to be a solely poetic creation within this context.
However, at higher frequencies (such as visible light), dielectric loss may increase absorption significantly, reducing the material's transparency to these frequencies.
 Return on margin, a judge of performance based on the net gain or net loss compared to the perceived risk
They had not suffered the loss of national statehood as was the case with Poland.
The following is a scatter plot of actual astronomical northward equinox moments as numerically integrated by SOLEX 11 using DE421 mode with extended (80-bit) floating point precision, high integration order (18th order), and forced solar mass loss ("forced" means taken into account at all times).
Further increase in speed introduces a pressure loss due to the presence of the turbomachinery as the epr drops below one.
This method may cause a greater loss by water damage and therefore may not be suitable.
After a loss to Atlético Madrid in the Copa del Rey final, Pérez announced the departure of José Mourinho at the end of the season by "mutual agreement".
Many species of rats are island endemics, some of which have become endangered due to habitat loss or competition with the brown, black, or Polynesian rat.
Treatment apparently has no effect on the recovery of hearing loss.
Both his father and grandfather were at one time Governors of the Castle, and following the loss of Annandale to Comyn in 1295, it was their principal residence.
 Loss of voiced aspirates: PIE *bʰ, *dʰ, *gʰ → *b, *d, *g
Loss of water from the ECF compartment increases the sodium concentration, a condition called hypernatremia.
He has also explored the importance of childhood, loss of innocence, and the need for parental figures.
Initially, a flu epidemic was blamed for the loss of life.
Bone density and bone loss
Signs and symptoms of selenosis include a garlic odor on the breath, gastrointestinal disorders, hair loss, sloughing of nails, fatigue, irritability, and neurological damage.
However, they were stunned in the NFC divisional round, losing 36–24 to what was believed to be an inferior Minnesota Vikings team, their third straight playoff loss.
Herbert broke numerous sophomore records, but despite his and the rest of the team's efforts, the Chargers missed the playoffs in a week 18 win-or-tie-or-go home overtime loss to the Raiders.
Sadly, it appears that she committed suicide at the age of fifty-five, perhaps due to the loss of support from her own people.
Moreover, when Spain joined the euro zone, it lost the recourse of resorting to competitive devaluations, risking a permanent and cumulative loss of competitive due to inflation.
However, this conjecture was invalidated in 2007 when Josh Jordan and Roman Khorkov extended the misère analysis up to 12 spots : the 12-spot misère game is a win, and not the conjectured loss.
In laboratory conditions, is also due to a partial loss of the sample.
Steam escapes and boiler explosions (typically BLEVEs) can and have in the past caused great loss of life.
Electron energy loss spectroscopy in transmission electron microscopy.
), by a mechanism that is presently not understood, but not due to loss of enzymatic activity or a decrease in the conformational stability of the SOD1 protein.
Thermoregulation: Eccrine (sweat) glands and dilated blood vessels (increased superficial perfusion) aid heat loss, while constricted vessels greatly reduce cutaneous blood flow and conserve heat.
A primary reason for OEM's inability to coordinate communications and information-sharing in the early hours of the WTC response was the loss of its emergency operations center, located on the twenty third floor of 7 World Trade Center which had been evacuated after debris from tower's collapse struck the building, igniting several fires.
The resulting pressure waves and aerodynamic forces destroyed the orbiter, resulting in the loss of all the crew.
Twice Discovery was chosen as the "Return To Flight" Orbiter, first in 1988 after the loss of Challenger in 1986, and then again for the twin "Return To Flight" missions in July 2005 and July 2006 after the Columbia disaster in 2003.
Combining realism with surrealism and irony, Manto's works such as the celebrated short story Toba Tek Singh are aesthetic masterpieces that continue to give profound insight into the nature of human loss, violence, and devastation.
Long-term stays in space reveal issues with bone and muscle loss in low gravity, immune system suppression, and radiation exposure.
1860 – The steamship  sinks on Lake Michigan, with the loss of around 300 lives.
On icy moons, especially Europa, sputtering of photolyzed water from the surface leads to net loss of hydrogen and accumulation of oxygen-rich materials that may be important for life.
In an interview with Gary Stiffelman, who represents Eminem, Aerosmith, and TLC, he explained why Napster was a problem for record labels: loss in revenue.
The system also needs to be kept in excellent electric isolation in order to prevent loss of energy.
It was the first submarine combat loss since World War II.
However, it is now widely understood that blue supergiants are natural progenitors of some supernovae, although there is still speculation that the evolution of such stars could require mass loss involving a binary companion.
The Patriots had lost to Miami there 18 consecutive times, including a 30–27 loss in their 15th game of the season.
and again the real part of this expression causes no loss of information.
However, First defensive tackle Alan Page tackled running back Garrett for a 1-yard loss, and then safety Paul Krause intercepted Dawson's pass at the 7-yard line on the next play turning the ball back over to the Vikings.
The Kansas City Chiefs also failed to score a touchdown in their 31-9 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Super Bowl LV in February 2021.
Then Greenwood sacked Staubach for a 12-yard loss.
Jones tackled Harris for an 8-yard loss on the next play, but a subsequent holding penalty on Henderson gave Pittsburgh a first down at the Dallas 25-yard line.
However, the Redskins chose to wear their white uniforms and burgundy pants for the game; in their previous Super Bowl loss to Miami, the Redskins were required to wear their burgundy and gold uniforms as the home team.
On first down, running back Harry Sydney fumbled a pitch from Montana and was downed for a 10-yard loss after he dove on the ball.
The loss cost the Cowboys a playoff berth, as they lost a tiebreaker with the NFC East rival Giants.
In 1995, the Steelers overcame a 3–4 start (including a 20–16 upset loss to the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars) to win eight of their final nine games and finished with an  record, the second-best in the AFC.
Through declassified papers of American intelligence agencies the wider implications and effects of the program were examined and revealed that due to the potential neutralization of its arsenal and resulting loss of a balancing power factor, SDI was a cause of grave concern for the Soviet Union and her primary successor state Russia.
The spinal cord is most often affected in such cases, but the optic nerves may show demyelination, loss of axons and gliosis.
Additionally, dialog in "The Measure of a Man" indicates that the loss of a starship automatically leads to a JAG court-martial.
However, there are certain exceptions to this rule, including: not having enough room to house for every individual observing, the loss of another loved one, and the inability to conduct services in the home.
However, McGinest sacked Warner for a 16-yard loss on second down, pushing the Rams back to their 46-yard line.
It seems that after the loss of a limb, cells draw together to form a clump known as a blastema.
The United Nations World Tourism Organization estimated that global international tourist arrivals might decrease by 58% to 78% in 2020, leading to a potential loss of US$0.9–1.2 trillion in international tourism receipts.
Since the economic loss rule would eliminate these benefits if applied strictly, there is an exception to allow the misrepresentation tort if not related to a contract.
 Adiabatic process: occurs without loss or gain of energy by heat
A number of factors can exacerbate the loss of tradition, including industrialization, globalization, and the assimilation or marginalization of specific cultural groups.
Think tanks emerged because of the high prestige of expertise and the heavy demand for unofficial diplomacy necessitated by the loss of formal diplomatic recognition.
Besides the cost of ameliorating damaged areas and the loss of at least part of the initial investment in them, salinization and chemicalization of land have reduced agricultural productivity in Central Asia by an estimated 20–25%.
Deadweight loss does not account for the effect taxes have in leveling the business playing field.
Compensating for the immense bulk of the animal, many bones throughout the skeleton were hollowed, reducing its weight without significant loss of strength.
Packet loss is considered to be the result of network congestion and the congestion window size is reduced dramatically as a precaution.
This arises from Earth's loss of angular momentum and the consequent increase in length of day.
Some programmers wrote machine-language programs that increases the speed to up to 2,000 bits per second without a loss of reliability on their tape recorders.
They argue that unrestricted use of digital resources causes misinformation, fake news, crime, and terrorism, as well as problems of a different nature such as confusion, manipulation, insecurity, and loss of confidence.
After week 6's loss to the Falcons, defensive coordinator Mike Smith was fired and linebackers coach Mark Duffner was named the interim defensive coordinator.
Designing energy efficient transformers for lower loss requires a larger core, good-quality silicon steel, or even amorphous steel for the core and thicker wire, increasing initial cost.
Insufficient levels of testosterone in men may lead to abnormalities including frailty and bone loss.
5)	The final objection says that the ultimate loss of a single soul means the defeat of omnipotence.
In order to verify that the loss of function of tumor suppressor genes causes increased tumorigenicity, interstitial deletion experiments on  chromosome 13q14 were conducted to observe the effect of deleting the loci for the Rb gene.
The American passenger liner Paris was stranded on the Manacles in 1899, with no loss of life.
The loss of even a squadron of torpedo boats to enemy fire would be more than outweighed by the sinking of a capital ship.
The second business, a clothing distributor named Taito Yoko, struggled financially as a result of employee carelessness and constant loss of products.
 acute visual loss (sudden blindness)
Technically, this is not a loss of citizenship but rather a voiding of the purported naturalization and a declaration that the immigrant never was a citizen of the United States.
That loss can then lead to men becoming socially isolated very quickly.
Chernihiv region, in central Ukraine northeast of Kyiv, lost 170,600 people or 12% of its 1989 population, the highest percentage loss in of any region in Ukraine.
4 °C warming would lead to significantly increased risks, with potential impacts including widespread loss of biodiversity and reduced global and regional food security.
On the other hand, umlaut may have still been partly allophonic, and the loss of the conditioning sound may have triggered an "un-umlauting" of the preceding vowel.
There was no major damage to the carrier but the aircraft was a total loss.
Their first game in the Pac-12 was at USC on September 10, 2011, and resulted in a 23–14 Utah loss.
The scientists measuring the health of almost 30 glaciers around the world found that ice loss reached record levels in 2006.
In addition, an UNRWA spokesperson was quoted in The Forward as saying that staff members had been sanctioned, "including loss of pay" and that remaining allegations were "under assessment".
In 1989, a U-2R of 9th Reconnaissance Wing (RW), Detachment 5, flying out of Patrick Air Force Base, Florida successfully photographed a space shuttle launch for NASA to assist in identifying the cause of tile loss during launch, which had been discovered in the initial post-Challenger missions.
The nobility that was closely associated with the Holy See at the time of the Papal States continued to be associated with the Papal Court after the loss of these territories, generally with merely nominal duties (see Papal Master of the Horse, Prefecture of the Pontifical Household, Hereditary officers of the Roman Curia, Black Nobility).
Some aircraft instruments (Attitude Indicator (AI) and the Heading Indicator (HI)) are typically vacuum-powered, as protection against loss of all (electrically powered) instruments, since early aircraft often did not have electrical systems, and since there are two readily available sources of vacuum on a moving aircraft, the engine and an external venturi.
These researchers proposed that, like accipitrids, the dromaeosaur would then begin to feed on the animal while it was still alive, and prey death would eventually result from blood loss and organ failure.
General Burgoyne never recovered from this loss and eventually surrendered the remainder of his 6,000-man force at Saratoga, New York, on October 17 that year.
The loss destroyed all hopes of Fordham playing in the Rose Bowl and  taught Lombardi a lesson he would never forget — never to underestimate your opponent.
This erosion process results in a steady loss of low-mass hydrogen, helium, and oxygen ions, whereas higher-mass molecules, such as carbon dioxide, are more likely to be retained.
In 2005, a director of the Pentagon's testing office stated that in a loss of power while hovering below , emergency landings "are not likely to be survivable."
Wenders has worked with photographic images of desolate landscapes and themes of memory, time, loss, nostalgia and movement.
Another estimate of the demographic loss of the civilian population in the France during the war, put total excess deaths at 264,000 to 284,000, not including an additional 100,000 to 120,000 Spanish flu deaths.
Failure to follow these rules can result in the loss of legitimacy for the just-war-belligerent.
In 1909, one fire caused the loss of his family's home in Okemah a month after it was completed.
Waves are usually defined in media which allow most or all of a wave's energy to propagate without loss.
The result,  in favor of the Bears, remains the worst one-sided loss in NFL history.
For touch typists, in addition, reaching the function and cursor keys generally requires them to take their fingers off the "home keys" with consequent loss of typing rhythm.
How our convictions slowly changed from total non-involvement to total commitment as we realized that loss of freedom anywhere increased the danger to our own freedom.
The increase in divorces in the 1980s and 1990s turned Farrell's writing toward two issues: the poverty of couples' communication and children's loss of their father in child custody cases.
(In a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey, Houston acknowledged that drug use had been the reason for her weight loss.)
Following his injury problems and loss of form in 1890 and 1891, Grace rallied somewhat during the next three seasons and reached 1,000 runs each time.
In February 1896, Professor John Daniel and Dr. William Lofland Dudley of Vanderbilt University reported hair loss after Dr. Dudley was X-rayed.
As a consequence of this loss, Biddle noted that his squadron was forced to return to Norfolk Navy Yard early.
According to Herzog, 334 of these aircraft were shot down by the IAF in air-to-air combat for the loss of only five Israeli planes.
Deforestation, biodiversity loss and environmental degradation
Following the unification of the Median and Persian empires in 550 BCE, Cyrus the Great and later his son Cambyses II curtailed the powers of the Magi after they had attempted to sow dissent following their loss of influence.
Business relationships called 360 deals—an arrangement in which a company provides support for an artist, and, in exchange, the artist pays the company a percentage of revenue earned not only from sales of recorded music, but also live performances and publishing—became a popular response by record labels to the loss of music sales attributed to online copyright infringement.
December 12 – WWII:  sinks after a collision with  off the coast of Scotland, with the loss of 124 men.
WWII: The Battle of Cape Bon Is fought off Cape Bon, Tunisia: Italian cruisers Alberico da Barbiano and Alberto da Giussano are sunk without loss to the Allies.
British auxiliary steamer  sinks in a storm in the Bay of Biscay, on passage from the Thames to Australia, with the loss of 244 people, and only 19 survivors.
February 20, 1841 – The Governor Fenner, carrying emigrants to the United States, sinks off Holyhead (Wales) with the loss of 123 lives.
November 8 – WWII:  is sunk by a naval mine off Cape Otway, Australia (the first United States Merchant Marine loss of the war).
June 30 – A total loss of coolant occurs at the Embalse Nuclear Power Station, Argentina.
November 14 – Great Storm of 1854 in the Black Sea: 19 British transport and other ships (plus 2 French) supporting the Crimean War are wrecked with the loss of at least 287 men.
October 5 – British airship R101 crashes in France en route to India, on its maiden long-range flight, resulting in the loss of 48 lives.
February 6 – Chinese junk Tek Sing sinks in the South China Sea, with the loss of around 1,600 people on board.
Because the processor has duplex hardware, one active side, and one standby side, a failure of one side of the processor will not necessarily result in a loss of switching.
Great fire in Constantinople with loss of Palace of Lausus and - along with it - the famous Zeus from Olympia.
September 7 – The German crusaders suffer a natural disaster near Constantinople, when part of their encampment is swept away by a flash flood with considerable loss of life.
Mutations result in a spectrum of activity effects ranging from destabilizing 5αR2 to complete loss of activity.
Under such conditions, many soldiers suffered a crippling loss of morale, while veterans were kept at the front until they were killed, wounded, or incapacitated by battle fatigue or illness.
Over the next century, the deforestation led to a loss of biodiversity, wind and water-based soil erosion, and soil salinity.
For example, a sudden loss of power or faulty interconnect might cause a process in a critical section to experience an unrecoverable error or otherwise be unable to continue.
 An indemnity guarantees compensation equal to the amount of loss subject to the indemnity, while a warranty only guarantees compensation for the reduction in value of the acquired asset due to the warranted fact being untrue (and the beneficiary must prove such diminution in value).
Wet aging is accomplished using vacuum packaging to reduce spoilage and yield loss.
An explanation in terms of solar cycles in loss of solar magnetic flux was proposed in 2012.
However, since, like in the re-spinning variant, all players only come into the game if and when each of the players before them has caught an empty chamber, the all-game loss probability for player  is  for   and  for .
It can also lead to temporary loss of bladder control under moments of extreme fear.
For all these reasons, Carol hoped that having Gigurtu was Prime Minister would win him Hitler's good-will, and thus prevented any further loss of territory.
Early intervention with surgery or radiation is recommended to prevent progressive hearing loss.
In 1928, to recover from the loss of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, Disney came up with the idea of a mouse character named Mortimer while on a train headed to California, producing a few simple drawings.
If pure nitrous oxide is inhaled without oxygen mixed in, this can eventually lead to oxygen deprivation resulting in loss of blood pressure, fainting and even heart attacks.
To this end, an internationally important aspect is a strong bundling of existing resources and the networking of existing specialist competencies in order to prevent any loss or damage to cultural property or to keep damage as low as possible.
The network attempted to fill its loss of the NFL by going after the rights to the National Hockey League, which it again lost to Fox.
Consequences include corrosion damage, reduced plant growth, erosion due to loss of plant cover and soil structure, and water quality problems due to sedimentation.
This syndrome is generally characterized by the acute onset of asymmetric limb weakness or paralysis in the absence of sensory loss.
The loss of mass specific to antimatter annihilation requires a modification of the relativistic rocket equation given as
Mitterrand was twice forced by the loss of a parliamentary majority into "cohabitation governments" with conservative cabinets led, respectively, by Jacques Chirac (1986–1988), and Édouard Balladur (1993–1995).
In addition to the aforementioned potential for acute kidney injury, animal studies suggest these acute injuries may progress to scar formation, resulting in loss of functional renal volume.
In addition to restricting the manoeuvre of Coalition forces, the destruction of the dam would deny critical power needs to the surrounding area, as well as cause massive flooding and loss of Iraqi civilian life.
However, the depression was multicausal, with its severity compounded by a coincidence of multiple sudden external shocks, including loss of Soviet trade, the savings and loan crisis and early 1990s recession in the West, with the internal overheating that had been brewing throughout the 1980s.
Motor symptoms include a loss of fine motor control leading to clumsiness, poor balance and tremors.
For comparison, the Roman statesman Cicero held a view much more in line with modern-day medical wisdom that loss of mental function was not inevitable in the elderly and "affected only those old men who were weak-willed".
This posture is also used to prevent water loss and involves the frog squatting close to the substrate with its hands and feet tucked under its chin and body.
However, the keynote of his foreign and domestic policy was maintaining Swedish independence of action, often in the face of French demands, and the acquisition of Norway as a compensation for the loss of Finland.
Although Altgeld and his adherents urged voters to distinguish between Cleveland and his party, the Democrats lost 113 seats in the House in the 1894 midterm elections, the greatest loss by a majority party in congressional history.
In another project study on government oversight, it was seen that while the auditors colluded to present audit reports that pleased their clients, the times they didn't resulted in a loss of business.
But his long game of cat and mouse with Nelson had worn him down, and he was suffering from a loss of nerve.
Holyfield had retired in 1994 following the loss of his championship to Michael Moorer.
Analysed using a "quantum of funds" method (not an "Orbis corporate connections" method), Zucman shows Ireland as the largest EU-28 corporate tax haven, and the major route for Zucman's estimated annual loss of 20% in EU-28 corporate tax revenues.
Monetary damages included actual expenses incurred in preparing for the wedding, plus damages for emotional distress and loss of other marriage prospects.
Sustained Aboriginal attacks on settlers, the burning of crops and the mass killing of livestock were more obviously acts of resistance to the loss of traditional land and food resources.
Henry II Jasomirgott was named Duke of Austria in compensation for his loss of Bavaria.
The larger of the company's two ships, the William, wrecked on the reef at the north end of what is now called Eleuthera Island, with the loss of all provisions.
I could not resign myself to the loss of a being on whom I counted to make invisible the unavoidable blemishes of my soul."
After sunset, however, the clear, dry air permits rapid loss of heat, and the nights are cool to chilly.
55% (C3S), 19% (C2S), 10% (C3A), 7% (C4AF), 2.8% MgO, 2.9% (SO3), 1.0% ignition loss, and 1.0% free CaO (utilizing Cement chemist notation).
That summer Garfield suffered from jaundice and significant weight loss.
Blaine, an acute judge of popular sentiment, was at a loss to explain the size of the Democratic vote.
However, this loss of a major funding source increased pressure on parties to solicit funding from corporate and individual wealth.
Sunk after an attack by a German U-boat in January 1942, the Hamilton was the U.S. Coast Guard's first loss of World War II.
In physics, attenuation or, in some contexts, extinction is the gradual loss of flux intensity through a medium.
The term is also used in telephone practice and synonymous with the insertion loss that result from bridging an impedance across a circuit.
The lack of CM, or its ineffectual implementation, can be very expensive and sometimes can have such catastrophic consequences such as failure of equipment or loss of life.
 Dropout (communications), a momentary loss of signal 
In telecommunication, the free-space path loss (FSPL) is the attenuation of radio energy between the feedpoints of two antennas that results from the combination of the receiving antenna's capture area plus the obstacle-free, line-of-sight path through free space (usually air).
The power loss per square meter in the ground is proportional to the square of the transmitter current density  flowing in the earth.
Jitter can cause a display monitor to flicker, affect the performance of processors in personal computers, introduce clicks or other undesired effects in audio signals, and cause loss of transmitted data between network devices.
If the net gain expressed in dB is negative, it is also called the net loss.
Speed of response is a particularly major issue in dynamically reconfigurable systems, where a delay of one millionth of a second can result in the loss of large amounts of transmitted data.
On the other hand, a tunnel may act as a waveguide, resulting in a path loss exponent less than 2.
In the 1960s and early 1970s some parts of Bath were unsympathetically redeveloped, resulting in the loss of some 18th- and 19th-century buildings.
The router queue of packets waiting to be sent also introduces a potential cause of packet loss.
where RL(dB) is the return loss in dB, Pi is the incident power and Pr is the reflected power.
Risk - a possible event which could lead to damage, harm, or loss.
subtracting the power level obtained at the output of the fiber under test from the power level obtained at the output of the reference fiber, to get the transmission loss of the fiber under test.
The manufacturer often supplies a chart showing the loss in dB/m at a range of frequencies.
A waveguide is a structure that guides waves, such as electromagnetic waves or sound, with minimal loss of energy by restricting the transmission of energy to one direction.
 Aperture-to-medium coupling loss
The passenger manifest was lost with the collision, but the sinking of Lady Elgin resulted in the loss of about 300 lives in what was called "one of the greatest marine horrors on record".
In response to the tragedy, numerous Sherpa climbing guides walked off the job and most climbing companies pulled out in respect for the Sherpa people mourning the loss.
In 2014, Barlow suffered the loss of Buck, his beloved Maine Coon cat that he believed to be a bodhisattva; the cat had many fans on social media.
The Duar War (1864–65) lasted only five months and, despite some battlefield victories by Bhutanese forces, resulted in Bhutan's defeat, loss of part of its sovereign territory, and forced cession of formerly occupied territories.
Gunns Limited v Marr & Ors – forestry company filed writ against 20 individuals and organisations for loss of reputation
The loss of the shell may also have resulted from evolutionary pressure to increase maneuverability, resulting in a more fish-like habit.
Anorexia simply manifests as a decreased or loss of appetite.
Turbin said he was seriously considering leaving because of the loss of Walls and D'Angelo, but he stuck it out for another year.
The primary issue was the loss of productivity, as merchant shipping in convoy has to travel at the speed of the slowest vessel in the convoy and spent a considerable amount of time in ports waiting for the next convoy to depart.
Arkansas did not appeal the loss.
Unlike the arthropods, the velvet worms are unable to control the openings of their tracheae; the tracheae are always open, entailing considerable water loss in arid conditions.
Melbourne's government mooted more ideas to introduce greater democracy, such as the devolution of powers to the Legislative Council of Lower Canada, which greatly alarmed the King, who feared it would eventually lead to the loss of the colony.
Evidence from Gaul and Germania suggests there was substantial loss of skills and techniques in artillery further west.
Despite the loss of Beijing and the death of the emperor, the Ming were not yet totally destroyed.
In order to maintain its military campaign in China with the major loss of petroleum trade with the United States, Japan saw the best means to secure an alternative source of petroleum in the petroleum-rich and natural-resources-rich Southeast Asia.
Following his 2008 presidential election loss, McCain began adopting more orthodox conservative views; the magazine National Journal rated McCain along with seven of his colleagues as the "most conservative" Senators for 2010 and he achieved his first 100 percent rating from the American Conservative Union for that year.
After the mid-1950s, McCarthyism began to decline, mainly due to Joseph McCarthy's gradual loss of public popularity and credibility after several of his accusations were found to be false, and sustained opposition from the U.S. Supreme Court led by Chief Justice Earl Warren on human rights grounds.
The resulting activity shift in the biofilm (and resulting acid production within the biofilm, at the tooth surface) is associated with an imbalance between demineralization and remineralisation leading to net mineral loss within dental hard tissues (enamel and then dentin), the sign and symptom being a carious lesion.
This is characterized by a loss of consciousness which may lead to the person collapsing.
Retrograde amnesia is most marked for events occurring in the weeks or months before treatment, with one study showing that although some people lose memories from years prior to treatment, recovery of such memories was "virtually complete" by seven months post-treatment, with the only enduring loss being memories in the weeks and months prior to the treatment.
In October 2009, she appeared in the original cast of Love, Loss, and What I Wore.
Pseudogene sequences appear to accumulate mutations more rapidly than coding sequences due to a loss of selective pressure.
The Danish government paid fifty dollars for every slave the plantation owners had owned and recognized that the slaves' release had caused a financial loss for the owners.
The greatest source of fluid loss during exercise is through perspiration, but as long as fluid intake is roughly equivalent to the rate of perspiration, hydration levels will be maintained.
The declarer must have more points than his opponents to win the hand, a tie is counted as a loss.
But we are at a loss to know what considerations were offered him to induce him to depart.
If there is no change in fluid loss, giving desmopressin can determine if DI is caused by:
48 (depicting a lover rejected, but coming to terms with his painful loss through renunciation and forgiveness); and Myrthen, a collection of songs, including poems by Goethe, Rückert, Heine, Byron, Burns and Moore.
In 1998, a National Park Service and Portland State University aerial photographic inventory showed a 13 percent loss in park-wide glacial volume since Austin Post's inventory in 1971.
Marine ecosystems are particularly important, although inappropriate bioprospecting can increase biodiversity loss, as well as violating the laws of the communities and states from which the resources are taken.
Rates of decline in biodiversity in this sixth mass extinction match or exceed rates of loss in the five previous mass extinction events in the fossil record.
Since the satellite is so far above Earth, the radio signal is attenuated due to free-space path loss, so the signal received on Earth is very, very weak.
Some of the signs are weight loss, panting, sickness, and greasy coat.
At the end of the war, Denmark was forced to cede Norway to Sweden mainly as a compensation for the loss of Finland which the other coalition members agreed to, but because Norway had signed its own constitution on 17 May 1814 Sweden initiated the Swedish–Norwegian War of 1814.
In Denmark, the loss of  caused a political crisis,  or the Easter Crisis, as it happened during the Easter of 1920.
The Venetian fortresses were conquered in a series of Ottoman-Venetian Wars: the first war, lasting from 1463 to 1479, saw much fighting in the Peloponnese, resulting in the loss of Argos, while Modon and Coron fell in 1500 during the second war.
The entropy of this distribution is available in closed form: assuming  (without loss of generality), then
I bow down to people who actually have to deal with the loss of a child."
It suffered with the loss of industrial jobs in the 1960s and later, the shifting of population west of the city.
A fever is usually accompanied by sickness behavior, which consists of lethargy, depression, loss of appetite, sleepiness, hyperalgesia, and the inability to concentrate.
In radio frequency systems, where the cable length is comparable to the wavelength of the signals transmitted, a uniform cable characteristic impedance is important to minimize loss.
This loss may trigger cell death.
Ctesias writes that Cambyses, despondent from the loss of family members, stabbed himself in the thigh while working with a piece of wood, and died eleven days later from the wound.
A planned tour of Australia and New Zealand was postponed after the King suffered an arterial blockage in his right leg, which threatened the loss of the leg and was treated with a right lumbar sympathectomy in March 1949.
It results in less blood loss and has fewer early and late complications for the mother, as well as allowing her to consider a vaginal birth in the next pregnancy.
The idea that a hare could reproduce without loss of virginity led to an association with the Virgin Mary, with hares sometimes occurring in illuminated manuscripts and Northern European paintings of the Virgin and Christ Child.
The deadweight loss due to monopoly pricing would then be the economic benefit foregone by customers with a marginal benefit of between $0.10 and $0.60 per nail.
This $40 is referred to as the deadweight loss.
Organic matter could be transferred from corals to sponges by all these pathways, but DOM likely makes up the largest fraction, as the majority (56 to 80%) of coral mucus dissolves in the water column, and coral loss of fixed carbon due to expulsion of Symbiodinium is typically negligible (0.01%) compared with mucus release (up to ~40%).
The reputation of Margaret's marriage suffered as a result, although she herself was not openly blamed for the loss.
A combination is also possible, e.g., sudden loss of albedo in the Arctic Ocean as sea ice melts, followed by more gradual thermal expansion of the water.
It has been argued that clock shifts correlate with decreased economic efficiency, and that in 2000 the daylight-saving effect implied an estimated one-day loss of $31 billion on U.S. stock exchanges, Others have asserted that the observed results depend on methodology and disputed the findings, though the original authors have refuted points raised by disputers.
Feijenoord lost the first leg 1–0 in Italy but overcame the loss in their own stadium with a 2–0 win, securing a place in the quarter-finals, where they faced ASK Vorwärts Berlin.
A typical loss for 800 kV lines is 2.6% over 800 km.
Sleep disturbances and weight loss are also associated symptoms.
She felt "aged" by "the loss of my beloved child".
Wells Fargo claims that BDA is responsible for the loss, as the thieves gained access to the legitimate SWIFT credentials of a BDA employee and sent fully authenticated SWIFT messages.
All who are occupied with the reading or writing of scientific literature have assuredly very often felt the want of a common scientific language, and regretted the great loss of time and trouble caused by the multiplicity of languages employed in scientific literature.
Effects consist of the following: bleeding upon probing, increased gingival exudate, pronounced gingival inflammatory response to plaque levels, associated in some instances with bone loss but without tooth detachment.
Davis said her loss of the award was "not primarily an attack against me but rather against the very spirit of the indivisibility of justice."
The President of China, Xi Jinping said: "His death is the loss of an old friend for China."
They had four children in what proved to be a long and happy marriage, though both struggled to overcome the loss of their eldest child, Gwenith, at the age of 7, during the interwar influenza epidemic.
The loss of this artillery platform doomed the Union position at the Chancellorsville crossroads as well, and the Army of the Potomac began a fighting retreat to positions circling United States Ford.
To prevent the loss of federal funds due to unacceptable dust levels in the Las Vegas valley, in 2003 the Nevada Air Quality Management division (under direction of Clark County officials) created the massive "Don't Be a Dusthole" campaign.
His followers favoured craft production over industrial manufacture and were concerned about the loss of traditional skills, but they were more troubled by the effects of the factory system than by machinery itself.
The loss was blamed on the uncharismatic new leader Melkert, the perceived arrogance of the PvdA and the inability to answer to the right-wing populist issues Fortuyn raised, especially immigration and integration.
The linear deterministic approach to nature and technology promoted a fragmented perception of reality, and a loss of the ability to foresee, to adequately evaluate, in all their complexity, global crises in ecology, civilization and education.
The high prevalence of sensorineural hearing loss in Turner syndrome appears to be related to SHOX deficiency.
Models suggest that coextinction is the most common form of biodiversity loss.
However, faced with a no-confidence motion, the first successful one in Japanese history, and the loss of the support of his backers, he was forced to resign in February 1913.
Certain infections during pregnancy, such as cytomegalovirus, syphilis and rubella, may also cause hearing loss in the child.
loss of sound localization
The underlying causal link between the association of hearing loss and falls is yet to be elucidated.
The majority of hearing loss is not due to age, but due to noise exposure.
People who sustain head injury are especially vulnerable to hearing loss or tinnitus, either temporary or permanent.
The severity of a hearing loss is ranked according to ranges of nominal thresholds in which a sound must be so it can be detected by an individual.
Ear protection, if used correctly, can reduce noise to safer levels, but often, providing them is not sufficient to prevent hearing loss.
A 2017 report by the World Health Organization estimated the costs of unaddressed hearing loss and the cost-effectiveness of interventions, for the health-care sector, for the education sector and as broad societal costs.
An attempt to save the sub failed, resulting in the death of forty sailors and the loss of four nuclear torpedoes.
If the final direction of motion after scattering is close to the field line (specifically, if it falls within the loss cone) then the electron will hit the atmosphere.
loss of clean beaches) is not measured.
The Almohad ministers were careful to negotiate a series of truces with the Christian kingdoms, which remained more-or-less in place for next fifteen years (the loss of Alcácer do Sal to the Kingdom of Portugal in 1217 was an exception).
A man who performs sexual acts with a virgin must "endow her and have her to wife", and if the father, who is responsible for her, says no, then a man must pay a dowry to compensate for her loss of virginity and future chance of marriage.
The inherited neurological disorders Machado–Joseph disease, ataxia telangiectasia, and Friedreich's ataxia cause progressive neurodegeneration linked to cerebellar loss.
Newspapers across China blamed the fire on (non-KMT) arsonists, but the blaze contributed to a nationwide loss of support for the KMT.
In cold climates dark skin entails more heat loss by radiation.
Physical factors such as oxygen availability, pH, and light conditions may affect overall oxygen consumption and how much carbon is loss from zooplankton in the form of respired CO2.
During storage, the electrons injected into the floating gate may drift through the insulator, especially at increased temperature, and cause charge loss, reverting the cell into erased state.
Since disease progression is the result of degeneration of neurons, the roles of proteins showing loss of nerve tissue such as neurofilaments, tau, and N-acetylaspartate are under investigation.
Also crucial to the end of this era of piracy was the loss of the pirates' last Caribbean safe haven at Nassau.
This degree of loss of area, widespread pollution, algal blooms and declines of invertebrate and vertebrate fauna have resulted in the classification of this ecosystem as endangered.
However, at the time of this determination, optical fibers commonly exhibited light loss as high as 1,000 dB/km and even more.
Protein kinases can be classed as catalytically active (canonical) or as pseudokinases, reflecting the evolutionary loss of one or more of the catalytic amino acids that position or hydrolyse ATP.
Miloš Forman's childhood was marked by the early loss of his parents.
Hours after docking, a malfunction of its thrusters causes a temporary loss of control of the station, spinning it up to 45 degrees from its normal orbital attitude.
With a  adjustment to the German figure of  to include lightly wounded, following the views of McRandle and Quirk; the loss rate is similar to the estimate for French casualties.
Medical errors—treatment for conditions diagnosed via this method which do not actually exist (false positive result) or a false sense of security when a serious condition is not diagnosed by this method (false negative result)—could lead to improper or delayed treatment and even loss of life.
When the accused failed to stop the given behavior, he took the risk of causing the given loss or damage.
Pressure on the optic nerve behind the globe can lead to visual field defects and vision loss, as well.
The Archers originally centred on the lives of three farmers; Dan Archer, farming efficiently with little cash, Walter Gabriel, farming inefficiently with little cash, and George Fairbrother, a wealthy businessman farming at a loss for tax purposes (which one could do in those days).
People who experience hearing loss after acquiring a mastery of spoken language as well as those who are hard-of-hearing commonly identify with this model.
Local media began following the drama surrounding county politics (specifically that of the newly created county executive position); the loss of Corning (and eventually the machine) led to a lack of interest in city politics.
However, at the beginning of the 9th century, Alphonse II's will cursed the Visigoths, blaming them for the loss of Hispania.
A depressed mood is a predictable response to certain types of life occurrences, such as loss of status, divorce, or death of a child or spouse.
The Treaty of Khotyn was signed on 9 October 1621 which resulted in no territorial gain or loss, but Sigismund was to relinquish his claims on Moldavia and the Ottoman Empire was prevented from marching into Poland.
Much of U2's songwriting and music is also motivated by contemplations of loss and anguish, coupled with hopefulness and resilience, themes that are central to The Joshua Tree.
Davenport attributed the loss to her having resumed training only three weeks prior to the start of the tournament.
The size of this inland sea remained largely stable from the 15th century onwards due to improvements in dikes, but when storms pushed North Sea water into the inlet, the Zuiderzee became a volatile cauldron of water, frequently resulting in flooding and the loss of ships.
In third generation pressure cookers, the device will detect the vessel has reached the required cooking temperature/pressure and will maintain it for the programmed time, generally without further loss of steam.
Windows 98 introduced a utility to convert existing hard disks from FAT16 to FAT32 without loss of data.
Cyradis, still grieving over the loss of Toth and unable to consult her people, is terrified of making the wrong choice, until Polgara removes her blindfold.
However, dieting generally does not result in a >10% loss of body weight: diets typically reduce total body mass by about 8% in the short term, over 3–12 months, and by about 3.2% over the long term.
The loss of Taiwan would become a rallying point for the Chinese nationalist movement in the years that followed.
In Star Trek Into Darkness, Spock Prime is described as living on 'New Vulcan' while the younger Spock remains aboard the Enterprise struggling with the loss of his homeworld, as well as his relationships with Uhura and James T. Kirk.
Recently, in 2012, Gujarat began an experiment to reduce water loss due to evaporation in canals and to increase sustainability in the area by constructing solar panels over the canals.
The feed horn minimizes the mismatch loss between the antenna and the waveguide.
Betelgeuse's time spent as a red supergiant can be estimated by comparing mass loss rates to the observed circumstellar material, as well as the abundances of heavy elements at the surface.
Transient global amnesia is a dramatic, sudden, temporary, near-total loss of short-term memory.
Critical Hits (or simply "crits"), can inflict additional concussion hits, bleeding (subtracted from concussion hits at the start of each new round), broken bones, loss of limbs or extremities, internal organ damage and outright death.
A scientific review in 2013 found similar decrease in weight and body composition and improvements in pregnancy rate, menstrual regularity, ovulation, hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance, lipids, and quality of life to occur with weight loss independent of diet composition.
On 26 December 2004 during a Christmas holiday and Boxing Day celebration, nearly hundred of Danish people in Thailand and other parts of South and Southeast Asia were among thousands of people killed by the magnitude 9.0 earthquake and tsunami, which resulted in the significant loss of Scandinavian lives.
Using these machines may cause clothes to shrink, become less soft (due to loss of short soft fibers/ lint) and fade.
Fiji's loss of skilled workers was the world's fourth highest, behind Guyana, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago.
In May 2015, Arena issued Songs of Love & Loss in France.
 Rescaling individual color channels result in a loss of resolution from the original image
Overexposure at concentrations of 11% or more may cause dizziness, loss of concentration, central nervous system depression or cardiac arrhythmia.
Although there was a stated goal of recovering the "lost northern lands", paranoia within the royal family and a constant string of disruptions to the throne caused the loss of support among many officials.
In 1897, the first coach came to the program with Charles Hall, who led the team to a record of 7 wins and 1 loss, earning the Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association championship.
The loss of employment caused Schenectady's population to decline by nearly one-third from 1950 into the late 20th century.
However, imposing an optimal tariff will often lead to the foreign country increasing their tariffs as well, leading to a loss of welfare in both countries.
To help small landlords, The Tax Reform Act of 1986 included a temporary $25,000 net rental loss deduction, provided that the property was not personally used for the greater of 14 days or 10% of rental days, and adjusted gross income was less than $100,000.
The loss of that base would allow the Paraguayans to reach the proper Andes.
Ménière's disease (MD) is a disorder of the inner ear that is characterized by potentially severe and incapacitating episodes of vertigo, tinnitus, hearing loss, and a fullness in the ear.
Hearing loss usually fluctuates in the beginning stages and becomes more permanent in later stages.
Wildfire risk is the chance that a wildfire will start in or reach a particular area and the potential loss of human values if it does.
Carl Phelpstead, 'Hair Today, Gone Tomorrow:  Hair Loss, the Tonsure, and Masculinity in Medieval Iceland', Scandinavian Studies, 85 (2013), 1–19 (p. 5), .
Effectively NEB wrote off its estimated £7 million investment into Sinclair Radionics as a loss.
Elements of the 101st, based in and around the city, witnessed the attack and escaped loss.
Gait apraxia: The loss of ability to have normal function of the lower limbs such as walking.
They have not been shown to cause direct damage to the enlarged storage roots, but plants can have reduced height if there was loss of enlarged root weight.
Researchers have concluded that "Because these neurons are a pivotal source of norepinephrine throughout the brainstem and forebrain and are involved in the regulation of diverse functions disrupted in Rett syndrome, such as respiration and cognition, we hypothesize that the locus coeruleus is a critical site at which loss of MECP2 results in CNS dysfunction."
Caution should be exercised in treatment with laser surgery since it causes a loss of retinal tissue.
The conference defined symptoms of AIDS in Africa as "prolonged fever for a month or more, weight loss of over 10% and prolonged diarrhea".
The restricting type describes presentations in which weight loss is attained through dieting, fasting, and/or excessive exercise, with an absence of binge/purge behaviors.
Net loss of one person every 14 minutes
There are no stops during the fight, except for loss, lifting, or penalties.
Burr lost the election to little known Morgan Lewis, in what was the most significant margin of loss in New York's history up to that time.
In the following aftermath of the elections to the Mazhilis which were held on 10 January 2021, the ruling Nur Otan swept a comfortable majority of 76 seats despite a loss eight seats in contrary to the 2016 election.
The Dream, as they were named, played their first regular-season game on May 17, which was a 67–100 loss to the Connecticut Sun.
This quickly led to the loss of seven U-boats.
Multiple births are related to increased risk of pregnancy loss, obstetrical complications, prematurity, and neonatal morbidity with the potential for long term damage.
Mölders and Leutnant Hans von Hahn shot down the Hurricanes of Sergeant R. M. Perry and J. Winn for no loss.
Many exotic varieties were produced until World War I, which halted breeding programs and led to the loss of some species.
Any dishonest use of the flock had to be repaid tenfold, but loss due to disease or wild beasts fell upon the owner.
Loss of mercury in the amalgamation process was a source of environmental contamination.
Despite a catastrophic loss of gliders and troops loads at sea, the British 1st Airlanding Brigade captured the Ponte Grande bridge south of Syracuse.
He's haunted by the memory of a dog attack during his youth, which resulted in the loss of his genitalia.
He realized that many changes that occur to physical attributes during space flight, such as loss of bone and muscle mass and blood plasma, are the same as changes that occur due to aging.
The Supreme Court of Canada has held that deprivation is satisfied on proof of detriment, prejudice or risk of prejudice; it is not essential that there be actual loss.
Experiments of Costin and Wimbush (1961) showed that the tree canopies of non-cloud forests intercept and evaporate 20 percent more of the precipitation than cloud forests, which means a loss to the land component of the hydrological cycle.
This flow reversal, temperature depression, and removal of the spring flood peak, has led to the drying out and loss of many billabongs and has harmed the populations of native fish of the Murray River such as the iconic Murray Cod.
Habitat loss and fragmentation is the primary cause of decline.
Applying free trade to the high cost producer and not the low cost producer as well can lead to trade diversion and a net economic loss.
And notwithstanding all this loss of blood,
Since 1950, the city has experienced sustained population loss, some of which was the result of suburbanization.
After his loss in the general election, he is appointed Secretary of State by President-elect Santos (regular: seasons 6–7).
Afrikaans evolved from the Dutch vernacular of South Holland (Hollandic dialect) spoken by the mainly Dutch settlers of what is now South Africa, where it gradually began to develop distinguishing characteristics in the course of the 18th century, including the loss of verbal conjugation (save for 5 modal verbs), as well as grammatical case and gender.
We mention the theoretical calculation that incomplete ionization occurs whenever there is parallel resonant excitation into a common level with ionization loss.
He concluded that this formed an exacerbating factor but that police, seeking to rationalise their loss of control, overestimated the element of drunkenness in the crowd.
People with panic attacks often report a fear of dying or heart attack, flashing vision or other visual disturbances, faintness or nausea, numbness throughout the body, shortness of breath and hyperventilation, or loss of body control.
Without loss of generality we assume
After an exchange of carrier air attacks, Allied surface ships were forced to retreat from the battle area with the loss of one carrier sunk (Hornet) and another () heavily damaged.
The other two companies landed to the left of B/743 without initial loss.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,002,000 in the US and Canada and $1,555,000 elsewhere but because of its high cost incurred an ultimate loss of $96,000.
This functions as an upward biological pump, reversing an earlier presumption that whales accelerate the loss of nutrients to the bottom.
It showed Godard's "engagement with the most advanced thinking of the day, as expressed in the work of Claude Lévi-Strauss and Roland Barthes" and its fragmentation and abstraction reflected also "his loss of faith in the familiar Hollywood styles."
China was fined war reparations of 450,000,000 taels of fine silver (≈ @ 1.2 ozt/tael) for the loss that it caused.
Peak loss is very important for low voltage rectifiers (for example, 12 V or less) but is insignificant in high-voltage applications such as HVDC power transmission systems.
The experience of loss at such a young age shaped Urquhart's writing, particularly Whirlpool, whose protagonist was similarly a young widow.
He was relieved on 8 July again by Johannes Franz, who commanded the boat until her loss on 20 September 1939.
Philpott argues that the German army was exhausted by the end of 1916, with loss of morale and the cumulative effects of attrition and frequent defeats causing it to collapse in 1918, a process which began on the Somme, echoing Churchill's argument that the German soldiery was never the same again.
Like many other organisms, fireflies are directly affected by land-use change (e.g., loss of habitat area and connectivity), which is identified as the main driver of biodiversity changes in terrestrial ecosystems.
West German cities close to the former border of East and West Germany experienced a disproportionate loss of market access relative to other West German cities which were not as greatly affected by the reunification of Germany.
Individual stations are unlikely to sell gasoline at a loss, and the profit margin—typically between 7 and 11 cents a US gallon (2–3 cents per liter)—that they make from gasoline sales is limited by competitive pressures: a gas station which charges more than others will lose customers to them.
The small decrease in conductivity on melting of pure metals is due to the loss of long range crystalline order.
Among the group is Jim Conklin, who has been shot in the side and is suffering delirium from blood loss.
The loss of dorsal sutures may arise from the proparian state, such as in some Eodiscina like Weymouthia, all Agnostina, and some Phacopina such as Ductina.
Writing several decades after Smith in 1808, Robert Torrens articulated a preliminary definition of comparative advantage as the loss from the closing of trade:
The loss resulted in 130 deaths (including 4 Royal Navy personnel), under the command of Frigate Captain Georges Louis Nicolas Blaison.
The SUGEN facility was shut down in 2003 by Pfizer, with the loss of more than 300 jobs, and several programs were transferred to Pfizer.
Captured wild lovebirds also may mourn the loss of association with a mate or a flock.
Businessmen were generally opposed, fearing heavy-handed government controls and taxes, and loss of foreign markets.
Henry Field, to whom she had expressed a loss of faith while in prison.
His performance in William Inge's A Loss of Roses on Broadway garnered him a 1960 Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actor in a Play and a 1960 Theatre World Award.
In 2018, a study in northern South Australia indicates that fetal/calf loss average 18.6%, with no significant reduction due to dingo baiting.
For this reason variability due to eruptions and mass loss is fairly common among giants and supergiants.
The return may consist of a gain (profit) or a loss realized from the sale of a property or an investment, unrealized capital appreciation (or depreciation), or investment income such as dividends, interest, or rental income, or a combination of capital gain and income.
Under these conditions, investors can then be assumed to act rationally: their investment decision must be calculated or a loss is sure to follow; correspondingly, where an arbitrage opportunity presents itself, then arbitrageurs will exploit it, reinforcing this equilibrium.
These lines could be purchased at a fraction of their real value as given a choice between a below-value offer for their shares or the total loss of their investment, shareholders naturally chose the former.
In the wake of his loss in the 1976 leadership race, Mulroney battled alcohol abuse and depression for several years; he credits his loyal wife Mila with helping him recover.
Among older individuals, Crohn's disease may manifest as weight loss, usually related to decreased food intake, since individuals with intestinal symptoms from Crohn's disease often feel better when they do not eat and might lose their appetite.
The classic symptoms of untreated coeliac disease include pale, loose, or greasy stools (steatorrhoea), and weight loss or failure to gain weight.
In chronic pancreatitis weight loss, fatty stool, and diarrhea may occur.
At first, Rivers had concluded that his loss of visual imagery had resulted from his lack of attention and interest in it.
Rapid weight loss and muscle aches sometimes also accompany dysentery, while nausea and vomiting are rare.
While the inner elements are sections of refractive lenses, the outer elements are reflecting prisms, each of which performs two refractions and one total internal reflection, avoiding the light loss that occurs in reflection from a silvered mirror.
Compounds such as difructose anhydride may be created from the monosaccharides after water loss.
Loss of publishing control 
Other, non-standard higher-powered single-strand optics commonly known as "BiDi" (bi-directional) utilize wavelength pairs in the 1490/1550 nm range, and are capable of reaching distances of 20, 40 and 80 km, or greater depending on module cost, fiber path loss, splices, connectors and patch panels.
His lack of compassion — never once expressing grief at the loss of the Titanic or sorrow for those who had lost family when she sank is, according to Butler, compatible with sociopathy.
Critic Henry Pleasants has stated that it was a loss of physical strength and breath-support that led to Callas's vocal problems, saying,Singing, and especially opera singing, requires physical strength.
In zebrafish, knockout of this gene causes a loss of dopaminergic function in the ventral diencephalon and the fish display a hyperactive/impulsive phenotype.
Antony's subsequent loss of manhood seemingly "signifies his lost Romanness, and Act 3, Scene 10, is a virtual litany of his lost and feminised self, his "wounder chance".
The soft-margin support vector machine described above is an example of an empirical risk minimization (ERM) algorithm for the hinge loss.
In 2005, ESC — which automatically applies the brakes to avoid a loss of steering control — become compulsory for carriers of dangerous goods without data recorders in the Canadian province of Quebec.
It also resulted in the loss of the WFL's national television deal (see below), rendering the league all but invisible.
Hiryū had eight Zeros aloft, along with 12 more from the other carriers, and collectively they accounted for 5 of the British bombers for the loss of 1 of Hiryūs Zeros.
The loss of Sōryū and three other IJN carriers at Midway was a crucial strategic defeat for Japan and contributed significantly to the Allies' ultimate victory in the Pacific.
In a series of running encounters with Scottish privateers at sea, and various shore batteries (particularly at Burntisland) the Dutch were seen off with the loss of three ships damaged.
In 1936, Zhou wrote about the loss of humanity and empathy of traditional bushido during the deterioration of the Second World War.
 All collisions are elastic and all motion is frictionless (no energy loss in motion or collision)
1999: Sixth Wimbledon title and loss of No.
Another condition,  bald sea urchin disease, causes loss of spines and skin lesions and is believed to be bacterial in origin.
From the theory of MDPs it is known that, without loss of generality, the search can be restricted to the set of so-called stationary policies.
In the season finale against the Philadelphia Phillies on 4 October, he made his major league pitching debut, completing the final inning and allowing one run and two hits in a 7–2 loss.
Alexander the Great sends an army under the command of Pharnuches of Lycia which is promptly annihilated with a loss of more than 2,000 infantry and 300 cavalry.
In response, many Devils fans wore Mickey Mouse apparel when the Oilers returned to New Jersey on January 15, 1984, despite a 5–4 loss.
In the ensuing years, Betser and the Netanyahu brothers – Iddo and Benjamin, all Sayeret Matkal veterans – argued in increasingly public forums about who was to blame for the unexpected early firefight that caused Yonatan's death and partial loss of tactical surprise.
After the loss to the Islanders, the last of the Broad Street Bullies guard moved on.
In negotiations for a new contract with CBC, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman had reportedly recognized the broadcaster's financial difficulties, and had offered CBC a smaller package which would have consisted of a national doubleheader on Saturday nights (as opposed to regional coverage of multiple games), reduced playoff coverage, and the loss of digital rights and the All-Star Game.
Uncontrolled air infiltration from poor weatherization / weatherstripping / draft-proofing can contribute up to 40% of heat loss during winter; however, strategic placement of operable windows or vents can enhance convection, cross-ventilation, and summer cooling when the outside air is of a comfortable temperature and relative humidity.
After the supplements that he had taken were analyzed to prove his claims, the USOC accepted his claim of inadvertent use, since a dietary supplement he ingested was found to contain ma huang, the Chinese name for Ephedra sinica, an ephedrine-bearing plant which was then marketed as a weight loss aid.
In 2014, it lost $84 million, and in 2013, it suffered a loss of $64 million.
There were several accidents in Titan II silos resulting in loss of life and/or serious injuries.
The Lutheran church also recorded a loss of 74,421 adherents between 2001 and 2016.
There are times where an athlete may participate on low energy leading to the deterioration in technique or form, resulting in a slower reaction time, loss in stability of muscle joints, and allowing an injury to occur.
It is "the dominant tree species in the Australian plantation estate" – so much so that many Australians are concerned by the resulting loss of native wildlife habitat.
Many American soldiers who had been in Mỹ Lai during the massacre accepted personal responsibility for the loss of civilian lives.
The dual loss of the Emperor and the majority of decorated military leadership creates a power vacuum of chaos and instability.
Some farmers fear the loss of their smaller livestock, while others consider them an ally in controlling rabbits, voles, and other rodents, which eat crops.
In neoclassical economics, market failure is a situation in which the allocation of goods and services by a free market is not Pareto efficient, often leading to a net loss of economic value.
A direct consequence of the invasion was the almost total elimination of the old English aristocracy and the loss of English control over the Catholic Church in England.
Other medical complications include infection, permanent loss of hair, repetitive stress injury, carpal tunnel syndrome, and gastrointestinal obstruction as a result of trichophagia.
the clearing of land for agricultural purposes and the international demand for tropical timber are contributing to deforestation; soil erosion from overgrazing and poor cultivation methods (including slash-and-burn agriculture); desertification; loss of biodiversity; industrial pollution of water supplies used for drinking and irrigation
Only 14 have catchment areas that exceed , yet the greatest amount of loss of forest cover in the entire river system per square kilometer has occurred in this region due to heavy unchecked demand for natural resources.
He sold the unit in 2018 for $6.35 million, incurring a loss.
The loss of these two farmsteads, which organise the grazing of these nature-rich pastures, would put them at risk.
After this heavy loss, they abandoned any further enterprise in the Gambia.
After 50 minutes of surgery, she was pronounced dead from blood loss and cardiac arrest at 1:05 p.m. (CST).
On top of that, he suffers the loss of his first wife when their daughter is only three and of his daughter when she is only 25.
If any urgent red flags are present such as visual loss, new seizures, new weakness, new confusion, further workup with imaging and possibly a lumbar puncture should be done (see red flags section for more details).
The Japanese had established a firm foothold on Chinese territory with the loss of only four killed and 140 wounded.
The revision of 1963 accommodated the loss of Dutch New Guinea to Indonesia.
However, other morals can often be taken from the story itself; for instance, that arrogance or overconfidence in one's abilities may lead to failure or the loss of an event, race, or contest.
The five cardinal signs are heat, pain, redness, swelling, and loss of function (Latin calor, dolor, rubor, tumor, and functio laesa).
Tragedy struck hours after the team's first-round loss to the Bruins, when defenseman Steve Chiasson was thrown from his pickup truck and killed in a single-vehicle drunk-driving accident.
Popp stayed on to coach the team during the 2007 season, and the team suffered its first losing season since coming back to Montreal in 1996, with an 8–10 record, hindered by the loss of starting quarterback Anthony Calvillo, who left the team near the end of the season to be with his wife who was sick.
However, since the final product is a copy of the original, there is a generation loss of quality.
Crosby realised that Mullin's tape recorder technology would enable him to pre-record his radio show with high sound quality and that these tapes could be replayed many times with no appreciable loss of quality.
The Athenians fined him for reminding them of their loss.
Specifically, the development of the entrenched river reduces the amount of ground water due to water loss through infiltration.
Signs and symptoms may include enlarged lymph nodes, fever, drenching sweats, unintended weight loss, itching, and constantly feeling tired.
It was published by ECMA in 2009 as Technical Report number 98 to avoid loss of the historical record,
The book opens with a Kentucky farmer named Arthur Shelby facing the loss of his farm because of debts.
The declines in population resulted from hunting and habitat destruction, but a consequence has been a loss of most of the species' genetic diversity.
The scheme attempts to relieve pressure on the city centre, but as of 2010, ran at an annual loss of £1 million.
The monetary loss caused by Les Lettres françaises led to its ceasing publication in 1972.
In July–August 1914, Alekhine was leading an international Mannheim tournament, the 19th DSB Congress (German Chess Federation Congress) in Mannheim, Germany, with nine wins, one draw and one loss, when World War I broke out.
Agriculture imposes negative externalities upon society through public land and other public resource use, biodiversity loss, erosion, pesticides, nutrient pollution, subsidized water usage, subsidy payments and assorted other problems.
The streak ended after a 10-point loss to Memphis Grizzlies.
The loss at the NBA Finals lingered into the 1975–76 season, as they won 12 fewer games than last year, and in the playoffs they were eliminated by the Cleveland Cavaliers in seven games.
The collapse culminated with a loss to the Detroit Pistons on the final night of the season, which eliminated the Bucks from the playoffs and gave the division to the Pistons.
They resumed play on July 31, with a 153–149 loss against the Houston Rockets.
On the downside, with a 121–102 loss to the Houston Rockets, the Timberwolves fell to 17–65, finishing last in the Western Conference for the second straight year.
On March 14, 2014, the Jazz were officially eliminated from playoff contention with a 96–87 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
On January 12, the Clippers 13 game home win streak came to an end with a 104–101 loss to the Orlando Magic.
 Knowledge retention also known as Knowledge Continuation: activities addressing the challenge of knowledge loss as a result of people leaving
 Loss of inflections may be explained by contact with Celtic tribes and inter-marriage.
Coming off their disappointing playoff loss, the Stars would get off to a shaky start to the 2003–04 season, as they played mediocre hockey through the first three months of the season, posting a sub-.500 record.
A storm in 1859 that caused the loss of the Royal Charter inspired FitzRoy to develop charts to allow predictions to be made, which he called "forecasting the weather", thus coining the term "weather forecast".
Furthermore, a German who enlists in the armed forces of a state they are also a citizen of risks the loss of their citizenship
Freaks was a box-office bomb, recording a total loss of $164,000.
While the hurricane caused catastrophic impact in eastern portions of the county, the Lake Okeechobee region suffered a much heavier loss of life.
Nikephoros continued to ravage the Cilician countryside, defeating the governor of Tarsus, ibn al-Zayyat, in open battle; al-Zayyat later committed suicide on account of the loss.
The slaves were eventually sold at a loss in the West Indies.
The later years of his reign were marked by two major military disasters that had long-term effects: the beginning of the Muslim conquest of Sicily, and the loss of Crete to the Saracens.
Bancroft emphasized the nobility of Walter Raleigh, the treachery of Simon Fernandes, the threat of the Secotan, the courage of the colonists, and the uncanny tragedy of their loss.
The loss of these territories seriously impacted the state's ability to function.
Visual field loss is the most specific sign of the condition, though it occurs later in the course of the disease.
The invention of the ophthalmoscope by Hermann Helmholtz in 1851 enabled ophthalmologists for the first time to identify the pathological hallmark of glaucoma, the excavation of the optic nerve head due to retinal ganglion cell loss.
This allowed higher transmission speed without data loss and without requiring such frequent attention from the computer.
In 1990, a Price Waterhouse audit of BCCI revealed an unaccountable loss of hundreds of millions of dollars.
As for Seneca himself, his age and diet were blamed for slow loss of blood and extended pain rather than a quick death.
By the following year, Rank had run up an overdraft of £16 million (the equivalent of £ in ), and announced a loss of £3.5 million, mainly due to big budget flops.
The loss of one digit of each hand and foot, aside from the increase in volume of the remainder, does not affect his manual dexterity.
Apart from these typical symptoms, rectal bleeding, unexpected weight loss and increased inflammatory markers require further medical examination and investigation.
Loss of control may occur if one wing tip stalls in ground effect.
If the noise is still Gaussian and has a covariance matrix proportional to the identity matrix (that is, the components of the vector  are iid), but the information-bearing signal  is non-Gaussian (which is a common scenario), PCA at least minimizes an upper bound on the information loss, which is defined as
However, the economic crisis of April 1893 resulted in Thurber's husband's loss of income, and directly influenced the National Conservatory's funding.
Unlike the Holy See, however, which is sovereign over Vatican City and thus has clear territorial separation of its sovereign area and that of Italy, SMOM has had no territory since the loss of the island of Malta in 1798, other than only those current properties with extraterritoriality listed above.
Consequently, the Duron inherited the Thunderbird's reduction in sensitivity to L2 cache size, allowing AMD to make their L2 cache higher latency and lower bandwidth to lessen processor complexity and allow better manufacturing yields without incurring a significant performance loss.
In actuality, Perkins absorbed much of the financial loss, and their partnership continued for several more years, with Brown nearly breaking even by 1854.
The symptoms include headache, heaviness in the head, sluggish movements, general redness and warm to touch feel of the body, prominent, distended and tense vessels, fullness of the pulse, distension of the skin, coloured and dense urine, loss of appetite, weak eyesight, impairment of thinking, yawning, drowsiness, vascular rupture, and hemorrhagic stroke.
The net effect was a $55.8 million loss on sales of $613.5 million for fiscal 1994 (ending January 1994).
After nearly ten months of siege, the loss at Fort Stedman was a devastating blow for Lee's army, setting up the Confederate defeat at Five Forks on April 1, the Union breakthrough at Petersburg on April 2, the surrender of the city of Petersburg at dawn on April 3, and Richmond that same evening.
Higher power can overcome the loss to rain fade.
 Sparta suffers the effects of a severe earthquake leading to a large loss of life.
Unaware of any friendly submarines in the area and receiving no reply to her challenge, Georgian rammed P.514, which sank with the loss of all hands.
Superpower collapse is the societal collapse of a superpower nation state; the term is most often used to describe the dissolution of the Soviet Union but also can be applied to the loss of the United Kingdom's superpower status through the decline of the British Empire.
He seems to get some pleasure from focusing on loss.
A sixth century AD poet, Dioscorus of Aphrodito, composed a poem where Apollo calls Daphne and Hyacinthus his two greatest loves, and mourns their loss.
It is thought it is mainly due to rebound after weight loss from melting ice caps after the last Ice Age, intensive erosion during glaciation and some processes in the lithosphere and mantle.
With the loss of Bringle Sands, Huth believes that the US will win the atomic bomb race.
The loss of regions traditionally within the vital regional trading area of countries like Japan would encourage the front-line countries to compromise politically with communism.
As Mervyn Pumpkinhead remarks: "He's gotta be the tragic figure standing out in the rain, mournin' the loss of his beloved.
However, the accumulation of GAGs in the brain usually leads to the slowing of development from ages 1–3, and then a loss of previously learned skills until death.
The first intercollegiate athletic event at Rutgers was a baseball game on May 2, 1866, against Princeton in which they suffered a 40–2 loss.
But the word sacrifice also occurs in metaphorical use to describe doing good for others or taking a short-term loss in return for a greater power gain, such as in a game of chess.
With the certain loss of the prized colony, the queen announced her intention to abdicate, doing so on 4 September 1948.
Both had different trainers for the rematch, with Arguello having fired Eddie Futch, blaming Futch for his loss.
The loss of Messenia is particularly damaging to the Spartans, since the territory comprises one-third of Sparta's territory and contains half of their helot population.
This signal loss can be over some or all of the signal bandwidth.
Lesser symptoms include loss of body mass, nasal congestion, sleep disturbance, excess flatulence, and puffiness of the face.
The Brazilian clergy had long been understaffed, undisciplined and poorly educated, leading to a great loss of respect for the Catholic Church.
Group attacked German shipping at sea, losing 36 aircraft, while Coastal Command launched 143 attacks in the same period, losing 52 aircraft; by the end of the year, 698 ships had been attacked and 41 of these sunk for the loss of 123 aircraft.
This loss was at least in part due to the enmity of the Metelli.In 116 BC he barely won election as praetor for the following year, coming in last, and was promptly accused of  (electoral corruption).
Because the star is much smaller than the Sun, the mass loss per unit surface area from Proxima Centauri may be eight times that from the solar surface.
In 2008 after having invested €20 million in R&D on Hoodia as a potential ingredient in dietary supplements for weight loss, Unilever terminated the project because their clinical studies did not show that Hoodia was safe and effective enough to bring to market.
Features of the medical history may point to the cause, such as the speed of onset of swelling, pain, and other constitutional symptoms such as fevers or weight loss.
On September 17, 2005, at the U.S. Airways Center in Phoenix, Arizona, Chávez suffered a TKO loss to until then little-known Grover Wiley in the 115th bout of his career, retiring in his corner before the start of the 5th round, after injuring his right hand.
The second confirmed PAF F-104 loss occurred several days later on 17 December when Flight Lieutenant Samad Changezi of No.
His loss deprived Epaminondas of his greatest Theban political ally.
Following a 1–3 loss at Sporting de Gijón on 2 November 2008, Numancia had conceded a total of 200 goals in the top division in slightly more than three seasons, reaching 44th in the all-time list.
Clinical otosclerosis is found in about 1% of people, although it is more common in forms that do not cause noticeable hearing loss.
As Psamathe grieved over the loss of her child, Crotopus discovered about the secret child, and under the assumption she had acted like a harlot and was lying about Apollo, sentenced her to death.
Sting wrote the set of pop-rock songs "in a year of global pandemic, personal loss, separation, disruption, lockdown and extraordinary social and political turmoil".
When the anemia comes on quickly, symptoms may include confusion, feeling faint, loss of consciousness, and increased thirst.
Copán's defeat had wider implications due to the fracturing of the city's domain and the loss of the key Motagua River trade route to Quiriguá.
He sold the property in 2012 for $12.8 million, incurring a loss.
 Online weight loss plans
Crash diets are very-low-calorie diets used for the purpose of very fast weight loss.
On the last matchday, a brace from Ricardo Oliveira proved insufficient in a 2–3 away loss against Mallorca, with the team totalling 42 points to Osasuna's 43.
The anti-cancer medication capecitabine may cause the loss of fingerprints.
After a 4–1 loss to West Ham on the last league game of the season, Watford confirmed their highest ever points tally and finish in English Premier League football of 50 points and 11th place respectively, although they did finish 2nd with 71 points in the 1982–83 season of the English Football League.
Osbourne has also shown symptoms of mild hearing loss, as depicted in the television show, The Osbournes, where he often asks his family to repeat what they say.
In one test, patients with partial loss of vision—having either macular degeneration (a disease that degenerates the retina) or keratoconus—were selected to view images using the technology.
They also found that egg production increased with flight loss because of a more limited food supply.
The loss of echolocation (or conversely, the lack of its evolution) may be due to the uncoupling of flight and echolocation in megabats.
Its disadvantages are inflexibility, a reliance on the shock effect of mass (with a resulting high cost in lives and material), and overall inability to exploit unexpected success or respond to unexpected loss.
The Bruins' season came to a premature end in a first-round loss in the 1973 playoffs, losing Esposito to injury in that first round.
Once Siegfried has subdued Brunhild, Gunther takes Siegfried's place and takes Brunhild's virginity, which results in the loss of her superhuman strength.
In June 2010, it was reported that Perry suffered from hearing loss, but that he was improving after his diagnosis of Guillain–Barré syndrome.
Coral reefs can reduce wave energy by 97%, helping to prevent loss of life and property damage.
Vélez won her first 10 pro fights before suffering her first loss as a professional, in her first defense of the WIBA title.
In those with mild symptoms, weight loss, exercise, and decreasing caffeine intake are recommended, although the quality of the evidence for exercise is low.
Loss of the presidency of Mexico
Despite his loss, the party he founded in 1994, Perú Posible, gained popularity and influence over the next few years.
Environmental factors, including toxins, radiation, and ultraviolet light have cumulative effects which are worsened by the loss of protective and restorative mechanisms due to alterations in gene expression and chemical processes within the eye.
Loss of smell has also been found to be more predictive of COVID-19 than all other symptoms, including fever, cough or fatigue, based on a survey of 2 million participants in the UK and US.
A 2013 study compared topical adenosine with minoxidil in male androgenetic alopecia, finding it was as potent as minoxidil (in overall treatment outcomes) but with higher satisfaction rate with patients due to “faster prevention of hair loss and appearance of the newly grown hairs” (further trials were called for to clarify the findings).
The third hull loss occurred on July 6, 2013, when a 777-200ER, operating as Asiana Airlines Flight 214, crashed while landing at San Francisco International Airport after touching down short of the runway.
Nevertheless, modern conclusions are that the loss was actually due to a failure of command on the part of Perseus, as well as the peculiar stance of the Companion cavalry, who did not engage the enemy.
The 1972 Olympic men's basketball gold medal game, marking the first ever loss for the US in Olympic play, is arguably the most controversial in Olympic history.
In those cultures, female virginity is closely interwoven with personal or even family honor, especially those known as shame societies, in which the loss of virginity before marriage is a matter of deep shame.
Duval falls in love with Maya Toitovna and guides her through particularly challenging psychological episodes throughout most of the series, dying late in Blue Mars of heart arrhythmia when Maya displays signs of very heavy temporary memory loss.
Heather Oberdorf had sued the company in 2016 over a dog leash that snapped, causing permanent loss of vision in one eye.
Shawnee leaders feared the loss of their hunting lands, which were vital to their survival.
His last league match was a 5–2 loss to Liverpool at Anfield.
The team then avenged this loss the following year, beating Vanderbilt in 2015 for its first NCAA baseball title.
It was the only South Dakota county to remain loyal to Herbert Hoover in his landslide 1932 loss.
Like most counties in the Rust Belt, Luzerne witnessed population loss and urban decay.
The change in policy was first announced in the United States in February 1990, following the loss of a case before the US Supreme Court by Jimmy Swaggart Ministries on the issue of sales tax exemption for religious groups.
Loss of Dobrzyń (1329)
So in large magnets there is a minimum amount of heat loss that can't be reduced.
The recent visual brightening is considered to be largely caused by a decrease in the extinction, due to thinning dust or a reduction in mass loss, rather than an underlying change in the luminosity.
When added to the 150 million workdays missed by employees suffering from a cold, the total economic impact of cold-related work loss exceeds $20 billion per year.
In the last decade, this population loss has been reversed, and it is estimated that both Hamilton County and the City of Cincinnati have grown their populations.
There never was a loss of life or major disaster because of a system malfunction.
As an example: If a company lists a loss on a fixed asset impairment line in their income statement, the notes may state the reason for the impairment by describing how the asset became impaired.
In the 1840s the parish had 5,937 residents, slightly reduced by the loss of Finsbury Park but comprised  taking in besides its own village, the established hamlets of Muswell Hill, Crouch End, Stroud Green, and part of Highgate.
With the loss of the big sawmills of the Missouri Lumber and Mining Company, and the closing of the Mid-Continent Iron Company, the population of Carter County began a decline that did not reverse until about 1970.
This means reducing the size of transferred data to half, with a loss of quality.
Labour remained the largest group, with 22 councillors, a nett loss of 14, while the Conservatives had five seats, down by six.
Furthermore, in reporting on Earl Haakon's death the saga reports that this was "felt to be a great loss, his later years having been very peaceful".
For other communities, such as Mollie, the loss of the gas and oil workers meant that the local post office was a "waste of time", and consumer demand at the general store was significantly diminished.
Its majority loss during Soviet Union existence coinciding with great irrigation projects.
Some property owners were able to sell, likely at a loss.
Unable to bear his loss, Atum sent a fiery messenger, the Eye of Ra, to find his children.
At the same time, the lumber industry declined, also causing a loss of jobs.
"Maybe the loss was the people who died.
The club's 2011 season took a dramatic turn when the Demons suffered its second greatest loss in League history, going down to Geelong at Kardinia Park in round 19 by 186 points.
An antenna receiving the radio waves must have the same polarization as the transmitting antenna, or it will suffer a severe loss of reception.
The extent to which Theophrastus followed Aristotle's doctrines, or defined them more accurately, or conceived them in a different form, and what additional structures of thought he placed upon them, can only be partially determined because of the loss of so many of his writings.
On 29 April 1959 a Douglas DC-3 crashed onto Sierra de Valdemeca, Cuenca after being diverted due to bad weather with the loss of all 28 occupants.
She also outlined her position on emancipation in A Plan for the Gradual Abolition of Slavery in the United States Without Danger of Loss to the Citizens of the South (1825).
Other secondary changes such as loss of muscle fibres following acquired muscle weakness are likely to compound the weakness arising from the upper motor neuron lesion.
In 1885, Rachmaninoff suffered a further loss when his sister Yelena died at age eighteen of pernicious anaemia.
A late loss to Viswanathan Anand knocked him out of first place, and Kramnik finished with 8/13, tying for second place with Alexei Shirov behind Carlsen's 8½ points.
Still smarting from the loss of star players to Collingwood, Richmond set themselves for war with Collingwood in 1984 by signing three of their players: John Annear, Craig Stewart and Phil Walsh.
The most common pronunciation of speakers of modern Indian languages is "rita", with short i and short a, due to the loss of the vocalic r by the successor languages to Sanskrit, the prakrits and modern Indo-Aryan languages.
The death of seven employees at once was the largest combined loss in DIA's history.
The loss of both consuls was a major blow to Roman morale, as the Republic had lost its two senior military commanders in a single battle, while the formidable Carthaginian army was still at large in Italy.
Ende was at a loss to think of a way out of the adventure, but cutting the episode struck him as disingenuous.
Since then there has been a continuous loss of territory to the neighbouring cities of Altona (later itself a part of Hamburg), Hamburg and Norderstedt.
In 2018, the company's revenue was $7.7 billion with a net loss of $187.55 million.
In her role she advocates for equal opportunities and a better quality of life for people with hearing loss.
1863, General Jessup, barque, 193 tons, Captain Hodge, no loss of life.
While undergoing the loss of much of her family, she also had to take care of her surviving son without financial support.
These alterations are assumed to result from a disturbed sensory input, caused by hearing loss.
These mammals are widely distributed across Australia but habitat loss and degradation following European settlement in Victoria has meant this species is now listed as threatened.
The second type is known as adult-onset hearing loss.
However, under any circumstances the loss of the ring affects me deeply."
The Allied loss was about 5,000, the French 3,000.
The 1970 United States Census showed a loss of 15,000 residents, which reflected an increase of almost 50% in the number of Black residents, which grew from 27,700 to 40,000, and a simultaneous decline of 30% in the city's white population, which dropped from 89,000 to 61,000.
Experiments have shown that the sunk cost fallacy and loss aversion are common; hence economic rationality—as assumed by much of economics—is limited.
The fragments from that engine damaged three of its four hydraulic systems resulting in fluid loss in them.
He sold St. Marie's Grange at a considerable financial loss, and moved temporarily to Cheyne Walk in Chelsea, London.
It is important for plant species with seed banks in the soil to have in place erosion and stormwater runoff controls to prevent their loss from otherwise suitable habitat.
The gradual resettlement of Tuvaluans in New Zealand means a loss of isolation for speakers from the larger society they are joining that situates them as a minority-language community.
The price of economic planning is the loss of economic freedom.
The loss of the paper companies and associated jobs devastated the area and the city struggled to recover.
Second,  the loss of existing connection.
Some treatments, especially certain chemotherapy drugs given during the first trimester, increase the risk of birth defects and pregnancy loss (spontaneous abortions and stillbirths).
Colloid pressure in these cases can be lost due to a number of different factors, but primarily decreased colloid production or increased loss of colloids through glomerular filtration.
Maxene Andrews of The Andrews Sisters, said that his entire demeanor changed after the tragic loss of his son, saying, "He didn't seem as fun-loving and as warm ...
The result of this disastrous defeat was the loss of the Eastern Roman Empire's Anatolian heartland, and was one of the root causes of the First Crusade.
Their spherical bottom and vertical sides reduce mass loss when pouring, make them easier to wash out, and allow convenient monitoring of the contents.
A boost was given by public works, including harbour development, and an export trade in wool and grain from the 1860s, following the loss of a number of vessels off the coast, construction of a breakwater design by engineer John McGregor started in 1871.
At 17:00 near Cuverville it knocked out two Panzer IVs for the loss of four tanks and then cleared Grentheville which had been bypassed earlier in the day by the 3rd RTR and several prisoners were taken.
According to an Arizona Department of Agriculture report in February 2007, there was a 75% to 95% loss of crop and trees.
Waterways have mostly been channelized, causing loss of aquatic and riparian wildlife habitat.
With the loss of the X-2, the search for many of the answers to the riddles of high-Mach flight had to be postponed until the arrival of the most ambitious of the rocket planes—the North American X-15.
The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the accident was caused by contaminated fuel obtained from the improper handling of the airfield's fuel tanks and the pilot's improper actions after the power loss, as well as other factors.
Though hundreds of homes and structures were destroyed, the loss of life would have been greater if it were not for two motorcycle police officers that noisily warned as many people as possible.
This results in longer switching times, and hence higher switching loss compared to a power MOSFET.
After three decades of population loss, Brownsville gained population for the first time in over 40 years in the 2010 US Census.
In 2015, the distribution center closed with a loss of 164 jobs.
In 1957, the CA&E ceased to carry passengers because of a dramatic drop in ridership from the loss of a one-seat ride by the construction of the Eisenhower Expressway (I-290) and the general increase in use of personal automobiles.
With the decline of industry, from the mid-20th century on and the loss of jobs, Brooklyn has suffered high unemployment and problems similar to those of East St. Louis.
Following the loss of passenger service at the airport from 2001 to 2003, the Greater Rockford Airport underwent several name changes, becoming the Chicago Rockford International Airport in 2007.
The origins of Sheridan, which started out as Millwood, are vague, owing partly to the loss of all the town's records in 1913 when a disastrous fire destroyed the town hall and many other buildings.
This did not, however, mean the loss of the imago Dei (image of God).
Her autobiography, titled Don't Look Back, We're Not Going That Way, which was published in 2004, recounts the early detection of her breast cancer, the loss of her husband Dennis, her nervous breakdown, her single motherhood, and other experiences such as a history of bulimia.
Any loss of civilian life is regrettable."
But the result to the investor is the same, loss of value according to his measurement, so focusing strictly on default does not include all risk.
Royston, due to the loss of a lucrative government contract in one of its other companies, filed for bankruptcy in 1968.
In 1996 Total Petroleum closed their refinery in Ark City with a loss of 170 jobs.
Following its loss of city status, it was reincorporated in 1946.
On 5 September 1983, members of the 42d Air Refueling Squadron escorted a crippled F-4E Phantom II over the Atlantic Ocean after it experienced the loss of an engine.
Memories of this loss are still strong among older county residents.
The South Hadley football team won the Division II Super Bowl vs. Putnum in 2010 after completing a season with only one loss to Division I for Longmeadow.
Phelps is credited with steering the crippled aircraft away from residential areas and preventing further loss of life.
Uptake and loss of mineral nutrients by papyrus in tropical swamps.
The community never recovered from both the fire and the loss of the Seat, and lost the majority of its population.
During the 50 years after that population loss, Henderson's economy increasingly centered on agriculture.
In Tennessee Williams' play A Streetcar Named Desire, fictional Laurel native Blanche DuBois is known here as a "woman of loose morals" who, after the loss of her family estate 'Belle Reve', frequents the Hotel Flamingo as told to Stanley by the merchant Kiefaber.
The loss of 250 jobs in the Magnolia plant closing heightened interest in a more diverse industrial base.
Rawls's biographer Thomas Pogge calls the loss of the brothers the "most important events in John's childhood."
Unfortunately, an electrical fire occurred on the night of July 23, 1973, and the historic library was deemed a total loss.
Saddened by the loss, the people of Great Falls began a drive to rename the base after him.
The city suffered an economic downturn in the 1980s with the loss of its remaining manufacturing sector jobs in glass and textiles.
The township has suffered grave loss in the Covid-19 pandemic.
Under the command of Chief James Knight, and again with the assistance of mutual aid companies including the Finderne Fire Department, fire loss was restricted to three residential buildings.
As they were leaving, Lennon saw a cutaway electric guitar by the stage door, picked it up and walked off with it, later saying that the trip "wasn't a total loss."
Lyrics can vary, but are typically introspective and surreal, and deal with the dark themes of isolation, gloom, disillusionment, loss, life, death, etc.
In January 2014, the company announced closure of this facility by 2017, citing loss of patent exclusivity on Diovan as a major factor in the decision.
With the decline of the railroad and the loss of textile factory jobs to foreign markets, West Jefferson's economy is increasingly devoted to the tourism industry.
With the loss of  jobs and manufacturing the town lost a large portion of its water and sewer customers.
It is considered the main cause of tooth loss for adults worldwide.
When Loretta goes to see Ronny at his bakery, he reveals that he has a wooden prosthetic hand and blames Johnny for his loss in a moment of inattention, after which his fiancée left him.
It has shared in the loss of jobs due to unskilled labor outsourcing and population migration to more populous urban areas.
The escaping Confederates retreated toward Tahlequah, leading to a loss of morale and desertions among the Cherokee Confederate supporters.
The population was 2,756 at the 2010 census, a loss of 14.7 percent from the figure of 3,231 recorded in 2000.
As a direct result of the loss of mill employment, the number of people living in Homestead dwindled.
Due to the loss of the Clay Works, Patton’s population has had a major decline.
Subsequently, despite the local loss of industry, the fact that the population was 5,652 at the 2010 census indicates that the former farmlands have been attractive to building developers.
Despite the loss of its historic movie and vaudeville theaters, Norristown is home to two performing arts centers (the Montgomery County Cultural Center and Centre Theatre) and one professional theater company, Theatre Horizon.
Others are concerned that the bypass will mean a loss of business that the traffic on the highway brings to restaurants and hotels along the current route.
In 1938, a major hurricane caused much property damage and the loss of more than 300 lives in the Narragansett Bay region.
This is a common cause of partial hearing loss and is the reason why users of firearms or heavy machinery often wear earmuffs or earplugs.
Bloodgood surrendered Brentwood that day, which was a significant loss for the Federals.
Investigation revealed that the accident was caused by the captain's decision to penetrate an area of heavy weather followed by a structural overstress and failure of the airframe while attempting recovery from loss of control during a steep 180° turn executed in an attempt to escape the weather.
In the changes following the loss of FIM World Championship status after the 1976 event, the Lightweight TT event was dropped with the 250 cc machines running for the Junior TT in place of the now defunct 350 cc formula.
The skirmishing involved heavy artillery fire, but Gordon's men retreated without loss of the important supply wagons.
With the loss of jobs, an exodus of residents ensued.
Despite the massive destruction, no serious injuries were reported and there was no loss of life.
In 1945, eighty German prisoners of war from Camp Fredonia in Little Kohler, Wisconsin were contracted to work at the Herbert A. Nieman Canning Company in the village to make up for the loss of labor due to local men fighting in World War II.
Vaughan drew on personal loss in two well-known poems: "The World" and "They Are All Gone into the World of Light".
It also marked the temporary loss of authority of the House of Karen, whose members were exiled in the regions of Tabaristan and Zabulistan, which was away from the Sasanian court in Ctesiphon.
In 1957, to replace the loss of its long-established licensing arrangements with RCA Victor and Columbia Records (Columbia USA cut its ties with EMI in 1951), EMI entered the American market by acquiring 96% of the stock for Capitol Records USA.
He was also concerned about alliances with semi-independent generals supporting the Nationalist government, and was concerned that a major loss of military forces would enable his Communist Chinese adversaries to gain the upper hand.
By the end of the third day de Ruyter had already secured strategic victory, as the loss of ships and damage to the remainder would have prevented the English fleet interfering with the Dutch East Indies trade or preventing a French fleet joining the Dutch.
It was Ali's only loss without "going the distance" for a judges' decision.
During those formative years he also suffered the loss of all three of his brothers.
Note that while the above formulation avoids catastrophic cancellation between  and , there remains a form of cancellation between the terms  and  of the discriminant, which can still lead to loss of up to half of correct significant digits.
Examples include a loss of a neutral conductor or shorted lines on the high voltage system.
The film chronicles the rise and fall of popular contestant Charles Van Doren after the fixed loss of Herb Stempel and Goodwin's subsequent probe.
Symptoms may include severe pain, swelling of the abdomen, fever, or weight loss.
In the case of the Javelin, a stall warning device was developed and implemented for the Javelin following the early loss of an aircraft to such conditions.
Being a protocol for devices connected to the same printed circuit board, it does not require the same tolerance for transmission errors as a protocol for communication over longer distances, and thus, this loss of efficiency is not particular to PCIe.
Originally it was considered to be an impossible site for a light, but the loss of the steamer Bussorah with all thirty-three hands on her maiden voyage in 1863 and of an astonishing 24 vessels in the area in a storm on 30–31 December 1865 encouraged positive action.
This sinking was followed by the loss of the brig Ann on another reef in March 1842.
The largest single loss in modern lamps is due to the lower energy of each photon of visible light, compared to the energy of the UV photons that generated them (a phenomenon called Stokes shift).
Miscarriage, also known in medical terms as a spontaneous abortion and pregnancy loss, is the death of an embryo or fetus before it is able to survive independently.
Some facilities acknowledge the loss.
The loss of animals from ecological communities is also known as defaunation.
However, this had also closed by 2005 with the loss of 120 jobs.
According to MGM records, the film earned $1,403,000 in the US and Canada and $902,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $128,000.
This later indeed proved to be possible, although it was eventually to be the first artificial nuclear transmutation reaction in 1932, demonstrated by Cockcroft and Walton, that proved the first successful test of Einstein's theory regarding mass loss with energy gain.
A revival began in the late 18th century in eastern Ukraine with overlapping literary and academic phases at a time when nostalgia for the Cossack past and resentment at the loss of autonomy still lingered on.
While REE levels varied between men and women, the group most at risk were children because REEs can impact the neurological development of children, affecting their IQ and potentially causing memory loss.
He would take the loss.
Lightship LV-82 Buffalo foundered in Lake Erie near Buffalo, during the Great Lakes Storm of 1913 with the loss of six lives.
These behavioral damages can be lack of control, inability to conduct oneself in a mature manner, aggressive behavior, loss of conduct, anxiety, depression, personality disorders, excessive drug intake, bi-polar disorder, confusion, higher tolerance levels, irritability, and inappropriate sexual behaviors with others and self.
Its members, known as "Eternals" and by the roles they hold, prioritize the reduction of human suffering, at the cost of a loss to technology, art, and other endeavors which are prevented from existing when judged to have a detrimental effect.
Priorities in fighting wildfires include preventing the loss of life and property as well as ecological damage.
(This term can be confused with spinal shock which is a recoverable loss of function of the spinal cord after injury and does not refer to the hemodynamic instability.)
 Has already caused loss of life, health detriments, property damage, or environmental damage
However, his attack was not reinforced, resulting in the loss of much of his division.
The loss left people believing that Schmeling was past his prime.
All else equal, an investor will want a higher return on an illiquid asset than a liquid one, to compensate for the loss of the option to sell it at any time.
The D-alanyl-D-serine variation causes a six-fold loss of affinity between vancomycin and the peptide, likely due to steric hindrance.
Any condition that decreases heat production, increases heat loss, or impairs thermoregulation, however, may contribute.
When rate-dependent hysteresis is due to dissipative effects like friction, it is associated with power loss.
Specifically, scar tissue forms in the tunica albuginea, the thick sheath of tissue surrounding the corpora cavernosa, causing pain, abnormal curvature, erectile dysfunction, indentation, loss of girth and shortening.
His reasoning that the strength gains would outweigh any loss in flexibility raised concerns over his physiological strategy.
In the 1960s and early 1970s, gay or bisexual performers "knew that being 'out' would lead to prurient media attention, loss of record contracts ... the tabloids became obsessively interested in the contents of celebrity closets".Randall, (2009), p. 107.
Despite Bolivia finishing last in the group, Erwin Sanchez made team history after scoring the nation's first World Cup goal in a 3–1 loss to Spain.
Inhibition, on the contrary, is associated with self-protection, avoiding threats or danger, vigilance, loss of motivation and an overall reduction in activity.
As the loss of proteins from the body progresses, the suffering will gradually become symptomatic.
The FRC said that PwC had insufficient audit evidence as to the adequacy of loan loss provisions.
Just like in Iran where a lack of firearms led to a defeat in 1473, Russia's lack of firearms is blamed for the loss at Muscovite in 1501.
Value at risk (VaR) is a measure of the risk of loss for investments.
Also some try to incorporate the economic cost of harm not measured in daily financial statements, such as loss of market confidence or employee morale, impairment of brand names or lawsuits.
The most serious loss materially seems to have been the emperor's extravagant baggage train.
Symptoms of withdrawal commonly include nausea, vomiting, and loss of appetite.
In October and November 1995, U.S. and Cambodian specialists conducted an underwater recovery of the Knife 31 crash site where they located numerous remains, personal effects and aircraft debris associated with the loss.
Weaver's allies attributed his loss to "the meanest kind of wire pulling", but Weaver shrugged off the defeat and aimed instead at the gubernatorial nomination in 1875.
During the final stages of the war, in March 1945, Budějovice's marshalling yard was twice targeted by United States Army Air Forces raids that greatly damaged the city and caused great loss of life.
After the second loss to Ali, Liston stayed out of the ring for more than a year.
The first two raised $700,000 for people who had suffered financial loss due to effects on the U.S. economy.
Garrison recovered slowly from the loss of his wife and began to attend Spiritualist circles in the hope of communicating with Helen.
Friends of the museum and literary groups concerned with the loss of a Bronte connection were dismayed at the prospect of the museum closing and campaigned to keep it open.
Symptoms of CUD include lack of motivation, decreased concentration, and loss of interest in other activities, tolerance, and dependence.
The first proposal for the construction of the navigation was in 1719, but the traders of Ipswich objected, fearing loss of trade.
Tornadoes have caused loss of life and property damage in Drumright on at least two occasions: on April 2, 1956, when five people were killed and several homes, a school, and the public library were damaged; and on June 8, 1974, when 12 people were killed, a nursing home was destroyed, and about 100 homes were damaged or destroyed.
Despite a considerable loss of authority in the empire, Ferdinand remained active in imperial politics.
On May 11, 2014, a fast-moving wildfire in the area began, causing much destruction and loss of homes in the Fritch area, which was evacuated by authorities.
In 2017, it was revealed Intel's Skylake and Kaby Lake processors had a bug with their implementation of hyper-threading that could cause data loss.
Elevators and other rooms with metallic conducting frames and walls simulate a Faraday cage effect, leading to a loss of signal and "dead zones" for users of cellular phones, radios, and other electronic devices that require external electromagnetic signals.
The Strood canal basin, long orphaned by the loss of the tunnel, was back-filled in 1986 and has now been built over.
A series with Ken Patera intensified after a loss, with Morales recovering to defeat him to win the WWF Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship on December 8, 1980.
Due to the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, Hawaiian Airlines reported a net loss of over $100 million for the Q2 of 2020.
On October 25, 2010, American Airlines Flight 1640, a 757 flying between Miami and Boston, safely returned to Miami after suffering the loss of a  fuselage section at an altitude of approximately .
Since claims can take time to be reported and then paid, the profit or loss for each syndicate took time to realise.
Production of woollen cloth at Bank Bottom Mill ceased in 2003, with the loss of 244 jobs.
There is usually a sudden loss of blood supply and nutrients to the optic nerve head.
The world was outraged by the loss of knowledge that these demonstrators had caused, and instead of supporting their cause and drawing people's attention to the issue of apartheid, the international community denounced their actions at Amsterdam's South African Institute.
Typically, the documents a beneficiary has to present in order to receive payment include a commercial invoice, bill of lading, and a document proving the shipment was insured against loss or damage in transit.
An attempt at Salafist expansion among the Cham in Vietnam has been halted by Vietnamese government controls, however, the loss of the Salafis among Chams has been to be benefit of Tablighi Jamaat.
In 2005, MAS suffered yet another period of unprofitability, reporting a loss of RM1.3 billion.
It was a matter of humiliation one after another, the loss of faith in the Manchu Dynasty.
Some scientists argue that plastid genome loss is unlikely since even non-photosynthetic plastids contain genes necessary to complete various biosynthetic pathways, such as heme biosynthesis.
But Matilda was not resigned to the loss, and secured the support of the Scottish king, David, her maternal uncle, and in 1138 the support of her half-brother, Robert, Earl of Gloucester, an illegitimate son of Henry I.
Frazier was eager to get back at Mathis for his only amateur loss and knocked out two opponents to get to the finals.
The loss of his son was a major blow to Tiberius, personally and politically.
The capsule suffered a partial loss of pressure during the flight, but Ham's space suit prevented him from suffering any harm.
Subsequent research has supported this, and weight loss is a first line treatment in type 2 diabetes.
Though pre-release television broadcast rights had been sold to CBS for over $10 million, the film produced a net loss of $10.4 million for Motown and Universal.
Hughes was a strong supporter of Australia's participation in World War I and, after the loss of 28,000 men as casualties (killed, wounded and missing) in July and August 1916, Generals Birdwood and White of the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) persuaded Hughes that conscription was necessary if Australia was to sustain its contribution to the war effort.
New Zealand redeemed the loss by defeating Ireland in Dublin in the return game two weeks later, by 21–9.
Death occurs at a loss of between fifteen and twenty-five percent of the body water.
For most variegation, the mutation involved is the loss of the chloroplasts in the mutated tissue, so that part of the plant tissue has no green pigment and no photosynthetic ability.
The method involves exposing a clean weighed piece of the metal or alloy to the corrosive environment for a specified time followed by cleaning to remove corrosion products and weighing the piece to determine the loss of weight.
Barings was brought down in 1995 by a massive trading loss caused by fraudulent trading by its head derivatives trader in Singapore since 1992, Nick Leeson.
Radio communications were lost with Pioneer 10 on January 23, 2003, because of the loss of electric power for its radio transmitter, with the probe at a distance of  from Earth.
The king and his minister hoped that by supplying the Americans with arms and officers, they might restore French influence in North America, and exact revenge against Britain for the loss in the Seven Years' War.
The Rock's WCW Championship was renamed the unbranded "World Championship" following the Alliance's loss.
This was his third failure seeking the position, and after the loss he resolved to return to his home in England.
 Log-distance path loss model
A mutation in the seed region of miR-96 causes hereditary progressive hearing loss.
The reason for requiring the periodic reboot of the common core system (CCS) is that its failure when continuously powered could lead to a loss of the common data network (CDN) message age validation, which filters out stale data from key flight control displays.
West Germany went through to the second round despite a loss against Denmark.
If General Greene's estimate of the total American loss was accurate, then they had between 1,160 and 1,260 killed, wounded or deserted during the battle.
Though both sides suffered about 3,000 casualties in the bitter fighting, the Austrians finally retreated with the loss of 13 artillery pieces.
English medical writer Philip Barrow noted in 1583 that if delirium (or "frenisy") resolves, it may be followed by a loss of memory and reasoning power.
The Russians probably lost one-third of their cavalry and admitted the loss of 2,114-foot soldiers.
The shock of the surgery, massive loss of blood, poor after-care and the risk of infection meant the chances of survival following amputation were not good.
Her family's loss of wealth caused her to change her plans.
The loss of the Thirteen Colonies marked the transition between the "first" and "second" empires, in which Britain shifted its attention away from the Americas to Asia, the Pacific and later Africa.
The initial horizontal integration and the vertical integration that arose in this industry resulted in numerous issues, including issues of environmental disparity, loss of work, pollution, animal rights, and overall general public health.
When loss of iron is not sufficiently compensated by intake of iron from the diet, a state of iron deficiency develops over time.
Others argued that Tyson, knowing he was on his way to another knockout loss, was looking for a way out of the fight.
As a consequence of this military loss, the Dominion fled the station and withdrew to Cardassian territory.
In the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) the towns suffered plundering and destruction which led to a loss of power; Potsdam became the new capital, and the court left the town of Brandenburg.
The loss of the canal and the direct rail link encouraged dependency on road transport.
Between 1900 and 1916, Nebraska had five undefeated seasons and completed a stretch of 34 consecutive games without a loss, still a program record.
Commentators believed that an unexpectedly bad set of balance of payments figures (a £31-million trade deficit) published three days before the election and a loss of national prestige after the England football team's defeat by West Germany on 14 June in the World Cup contributed to the Labour defeat.
For his next seven bouts, Basilio only went 3-3-1, but he was able to avenge his loss to Giosa by winning a ten-round decision over him in Syracuse.
After Labour leader Neil Kinnock resigned following the Party's surprise loss in the 1992 general election to new Conservative leader John Major, Smith was elected his successor in July 1992.
A further maritime tragedy occurred in 1907, with the loss of the  and 12 of her crew, off Disappointment Island.
This was followed up less than a year later by another crushing defeat at Shire, with over 20,000 men either killed or captured and the loss of even more equipment.
This was the first operational loss of a C-5 Galaxy.
On the strength of this, the L&M management did purchase the locomotive, subsequently reselling it at a loss to the Bolton and Leigh Railway where it worked until 1844.
The album Earthquake Weather was a critical and commercial flop, and resulted in the loss of his contract with Sony Records.
In 2002, Smith's photograph was named the best rock and roll photograph of all time by Q magazine, commenting that "it captures the ultimate rock'n'roll moment – total loss of control".
Historians regret the loss of the work, as it must have thrown much light on a very eventful period, embracing the war against Sertorius (died 72 BC), the campaigns of Lucullus against Mithradates VI of Pontus (75-66 BC), and the victories of Pompey in the East (66–62 BC).
British Omegas are not allowed to emigrate so as to prevent further loss of labour.
The greatest loss of life occurred with the wreck of Loch Sloy on 24 April 1899 at Maupertuis Bay, when 31 people were drowned, and one initial survivor subsequently perished.
Yzerman played his last professional hockey game on May 1, 2006, a loss to the Edmonton Oilers in Game 6 of the first round of the 2006 playoffs and knocking Detroit out of the playoffs.
This act of "oppression" caused no loss to Gay.
For example, pebble bed reactors are designed so that complete loss of coolant for an indefinite period does not result in the reactor overheating.
In 1880, the city experienced an outbreak of cholera and smallpox leading to the loss of many lives.
 In a 1967 review of MoMA's New Documents exhibition, which featured the work of Diane Arbus, Lee Friedlander, and Garry Winogrand, Max Kozloff wrote, "What these photographers have in common is a complete loss of faith in the mass media as vehicle, or even market for their work.
No crew were injured but the aircraft was a total loss.
The Huguenot political movement was crippled by the loss of many of its prominent aristocratic leaders, as well as many re-conversions by the rank and file.
Conner's 1983 loss and the subsequent 1987 victory are the basis of the 1992 American Zoetrope film Wind.
They said in a press release on 4 December 1980: "We wish it to be known that the loss of our dear friend and the deep respect we have for his family, together with the sense of undivided harmony felt by ourselves and our manager, have led us to decide that we could not continue as we were."
With the shift of the Exchequer of Pleas towards a common law court and loss of its equitable jurisdiction by the Administration of Justice Act 1841, the Chancery became the only national equitable body in the English legal system.
Entitled Something for the Future it consisted of a sculpture of four meerkats "as a symbol of unity and safety" as "whenever Britain is in crisis or, as a nation, is experiencing sadness and loss (for example, after Princess Diana's funeral), the next programme on television is 'Meerkats United.'"
Since World War II, improvements in both engine power and armament generally led to a loss of interest in building bomber destroyers as a specific class of aircraft.
He argued that this would reduce the overall loss rate as it would have the benefit of increasing the Lancaster's cruise speed by up to  (assuming the bomb load was not increased at the same time), and thus make the bomber harder to shoot down.
Saddened, Pintor - encouraged by Owen's family - resumed his career by avenging his loss to Davila, retaining the title by unanimous decision.
Termites and ants may also retard soil profile development by denuding large areas of soil around their nests, leading to increased loss of soil by erosion.
It was Graf's second consecutive loss to Novotna, and dating back to their 1991 Australian Open quarterfinal match, Jana had won three of their last five meetings.
Williams rebounded from the French Open loss a couple weeks later at the 2003 Wimbledon Championships, defeating Henin in the semifinals and Venus in the final.
This loss ended a 27-match winning streak for Williams as well as a 50-match winning streak at Premier-Mandatory events, and also a 19-match winning streak at the particular event.
Norovirus infection is characterized by nausea, vomiting, watery diarrhea, abdominal pain, and in some cases, loss of taste.
Archaeologists claim that detector hobbyists take an artifact-centric approach, removing these from their context resulting in a permanent loss of historical information.
Despite its lengthy string of military defeats, the Mexican government was reluctant to agree to the loss of California and New Mexico.
Gladstone warned that if Parnell retained the leadership, it would mean the loss of the next election, the end of their alliance, and also of Home Rule.
The Robisons' decision to effectively reduce the Spiders to minor league status, along with other intra-league raiding such as that conducted by the Dodgers and to a lesser extent the Pittsburgh Pirates, unwittingly helped pave the way to the National League's loss of its major league monopoly.
Extreme Weight Loss (2011–15)
This also led to some loss of contact between the 'west' and the 'east' of the Islamic world.
The low blood volume (hypovolemia) caused by gastrointestinal fluid loss can lead to organ failure in the pancreas, kidney, liver, and GI tract and progress to shock.
Shrinkage (accounting), loss of product inventory due to theft, damage, spoilage, etc.
Various factors, such as vowel harmony, assimilation with nasals, or the effect of the presence of laryngeals in the Indo-European (IE) roots as well as their subsequent loss in most daughter languages, mean that a language may have several different vowels representing a single vowel in the parent language.
In 1998, a team of surgeons from the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center attempted to transplant a group of brain cells to Alma Cerasini, who had suffered a severe stroke that caused the loss of mobility in her right limbs as well as had limited speech.
In Afrikaans, the circumflex marks a vowel with a lengthened pronunciation, often arising from compensatory lengthening due to the loss of  from the original Dutch form.
At the 2014 Internazionali BNL d'Italia, Williams failed to force three sets in a loss for the first time that year, falling 4–6, 2–6 to Carla Suárez Navarro.
The remaining grassland is only lightly grazed allowing ingress of bramble and thorn and a loss of its ancient down pasture character.
She initially thought that she would not be able to sing again after the effects of the coronavirus on her lungs and continued to suffer memory loss because of it.
It was relinquished after there had been a considerable loss of family wealth due to support given to Charles I. Warren Hastings attended Westminster School, where he coincided with the future Prime Ministers Lord Shelburne and the Duke of Portland and with the poet William Cowper.
Reading's heaviest loss was an 18–0 defeat against Preston North End in the FA Cup 1st round on 27 January 1894.
His loss of prestige might have been greater had the government not, in turn, overplayed their own hand.
The biggest single loss for the IRA, however, came in Dublin.
Along with a fickle public, Hammer would go on to explain in this album that he felt many of his so-called friends he helped staff, used and betrayed him which contributed to a majority of his financial loss (best explained in the song "Keep On" and the bio from this album).
The result was a devastating war that not only ended without conquests, but also led to the loss of the South Jutlandic areas that he had already obtained.
Radio stations were threatened with the loss of their licenses if they failed to comply.
All newspaper decisions are officially regarded as “no decision” bouts and are not counted as a win, loss or draw.
He discussed his loss of stereoscopic vision caused by the treatment, which eventually resulted in right-eye blindness, in an article and later in his book The Mind's Eye.
In cases of severe hair loss, limited success has been achieved by using the corticosteroid medications clobetasol or fluocinonide, corticosteroid injections, or cream.
The case describes women as having dependency upon men in a manner such that women needed their rights to be preserved by the state; their "rights" were in effect, to have maternal gender roles, again however to the loss of some of their contractual liberties.
At least 90% of the water influx is from rain falling on the lake's surface and at least 90% of the water loss is from direct evaporation.
Mellencamp is also one of the founding members of Farm Aid, an organization that began in 1985 with a concert in Champaign, Illinois, to raise awareness about the loss of family farms and to raise funds to keep farm families on their land.
Wallis later encounters Gibson, clearly affected by the loss of the crewmen, but Gibson stresses the squadron knew what they were facing but they went in regardless of the odds.
After beginning with four draws, followed by a loss, Capablanca placed second at the New York 1924 chess tournament with the score of 14½/20 (+10−1=9), 1½ points behind Lasker, and 2½ ahead of third-placed Alekhine.
was essentially the 53rd U.S. submarine loss of the war.
However, some think there is no need to abandon their tribal beliefs to be replaced by new religions which may lead to the loss of their identity and culture.
The film ends with Chorus detailing the history after the events of the film, culminating in the loss of the French throne by Henry VI.
Modern analytical methods have revealed lanolin possesses a number of important chemical and physical similarities to human stratum corneum lipids; the lipids which help regulate the rate of water loss across the epidermis and govern the hydration state of the skin.
Despite this failure and its attendant financial loss, Greeley published the thrice-weekly Constitutionalist, which mostly printed lottery results.
In 1977, he was given his first England cap by Don Revie, in a 2–0 loss against the Netherlands.
These tears are commonly shed from the eyes of parents who love their children but suffer having them be taken away so soon, theme of loss for those who are loved.
Commercial and industrial front-loaders used by businesses (described below) usually do not use the bellows, and instead, require all small objects to be placed in a mesh bag to prevent loss near the basket opening.
Common constitutional signs and symptoms of the HFMD include fever, nausea, vomiting, feeling tired, generalized discomfort, loss of appetite, and irritability in infants and toddlers.
Antibacterial action of substances produced by lichens is related to their ability to disrupt bacterial proteins with a subsequent loss of bacterial metabolic capacity.
A 2–1 loss to Benfica in the Taça de Portugal final, held 10 days before, prevented another treble-winning season.
The addition of the two molecules typically proceeds in a step-wise fashion to the addition product, usually in equilibrium, and with loss of a water molecule (hence the name condensation).
Strychnine poisoning demands aggressive management with early control of muscle spasms, intubation for loss of airway control, toxin removal (decontamination), intravenous hydration and potentially active cooling efforts in the context of hyperthermia as well as hemodialysis in kidney failure (to note, strychnine has not been shown to be removed by hemodialysis).
The company underwent massive restructuring, and in August 1990, it eliminated its bank debt, but still ended the year with a record net loss.
Stilwell ordered the American troops to pull out of Guilin and managed to persuade a reluctant Chiang to accept the loss of Guilin.
Despite the loss of Denny the band still possessed four vocalists, including the emerging voices of Nicol and Swarbrick, whose tones would dominate the sound of this period.
Alteration occurs at all scales from molecular loss and substitution, through crystallite reorganization, porosity and microstructural changes, and in many cases, to disintegration of the complete unit.
Because of this there is something uniquely personal contained in the photograph of Barthes's mother that cannot be removed from his subjective state: the recurrent feeling of loss experienced whenever he looks at it.
Intelligent and a perfectionist, she became increasingly depressed after her marriage and the loss of her career.
There is no loss due to smoke and convection current.
The coffin or container is inserted (charged) into the cremator as quickly as possible to avoid heat loss.
When this spirit is unsatisfied and venting resentment, it causes the mother to experience frequent crying, loss of appetite, and trouble sleeping, known collectively as "sakit meroyan".
At worst, it can lead to catastrophic failure and loss of life.
A 230 V distribution system will use less conductor material than a 120 V system to deliver a given amount of power because the current, and consequently the resistive loss, is lower.
The remote exchange interprets this loss of tone to mean the exchange's tandem is attempting to place another call.
Both pilots flew with 51° Stormo C.T., the most successful Italian unit over Malta, having reportedly achieved a score of 97 aircraft destroyed for the loss of only 17 Folgores.
These scholars argued that the coming of the mechanized industry at the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, such as the introduction of industrial textile processes, resulted in a loss of light handwork for women, removing a reason to maintain the practice.
If an area of the cortex that is responsible for a certain function is damaged, it will only result in the loss of that particular function or aspect, functions that other parts of the visual cortex are responsible for remain intact.
In his leader, Rothermere argued that the Treaty of Versailles was too harsh towards the Reich and claimed that the German economy was being crippled by the loss of the German colonial empire in Africa as he argued that without African colonies to exploit that the German economic recovery from the Great Depression was fragile and shallow.
There are no comprehensive figures, but a sample of chalk sites in England surveyed in 1966 and 1980 showed a 20% loss in that period and an assessment of chalk grassland in Dorset found that over 50% had been lost between the mid-1950s and the early 1990s.
 Columbia: The Tragic Loss, a documentary that focuses on Ilan Ramon
They were followed seconds and minutes later by several other problems, including loss of tire pressure indications on the left main gear and then indications of excessive structural heating".
The fighters were moved in October to Hatzor Airbase from the Herzliya strip due to its unsuitability in rainy conditions, probable loss of clandestine status, moving front lines which made former British bases safe for use, and a shift in the balance of air superiority towards the Israelis.
The over-convergence associated with the extra accommodation required to overcome a hyperopic refractive error can precipitate a loss of binocular control and lead to the development of esotropia.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) package insert on statins includes a warning about the potential for non-serious and reversible cognitive side effects with the medication (memory loss, confusion).
On October 8, 2005, he suffered a controversial loss against Bobby Pacquiao, the brother of Manny Pacquiao from the Philippines in a 10-round split decision.
This stage causes the main physical and microbial changes through the large amount of water loss.
Subjects tend to use circumlocutions, in which they speak around the word they can not find, to make up for their loss.
The medicalization of infertility has unwittingly led to a disregard for the emotional responses that couples experience, which include distress, loss of control, stigmatization, and a disruption in the developmental trajectory of adulthood.
In Week 7, Sanders had a strong performance, setting several then career highs, with 30 rushing attempts for 184-yards in a 23–20 loss against the Green Bay Packers.
In Week 7 against the Minnesota Vikings, Sanders had 16 attempts for 52-yards and scored his first rushing touchdown since Week 1, in the 14–31 loss.
In Week 8 against the Washington Redskins, Sanders had 20 attempts for 76-yards in the 30–36 loss.
In Week 14, Sanders had 30 attempts for 137-yards and a touchdown in the 30–33 loss.
There may be loss of small amounts of brown fluid and staining of the underwear.
Many of these desert fish species are endangered due to their limited and tenuous habitat, as well as loss of habitat due to human consumption of groundwater and diversion of surface water, as well as the introduction of species such as sportfish for recreation (see: Rio Grande Silvery Minnow v. Bureau of Reclamation).
The loss of their coach was a factor in the team's so-so finish to the season, which ended with a record of 25–9.
In accordance, DHT is involved in the pathophysiology of benign prostatic hyperplasia, pattern hair loss, and hirsutism, and 5α-reductase inhibitors are used to treat these conditions.
Sanjuro is reluctant to fight and tries to dissuade Hanbei, but Hanbei is furious at his loss of dignity and declares he can only find ease by killing Sanjuro.
In 2007, Elliott appeared on an ABC's Extreme Makeover and awarded four scholarships for a weight loss program to four underprivileged teens.
Frustrated with the loss of the 8th Panzer and the missed opportunity to advance on Leningrad, Manstein returned to Dno.
Lightweight gold coin that did not meet these qualifications would have the loss in value fall upon the depositor.
Rebranding and loss of franchise
The ATR was generally the best choice, since it was extremely scalable; whilst the Ethernet of the time suffered serious performance loss as extra machines were added to the network, this was not true of ATR, which could easily have over a hundred machines on one network.
Postlethwaite continued acting almost to the end of 2010, showing clear signs of weight loss during his last performances.
The refusal of high-spirited Montenegrin clans to pay tax any longer was the cause of the Pasha's invasion during the reign of the Hadjuk Bishop Rufim, when the Turks were driven back with heavy loss in Battle of Lješkopolje in 1604.
Without loss of generality, the zero-point energy is chosen to be zero, with the following result:
The other characteristic of this era is the gradual loss of its northern and eastern possessions to the rising Songhai Empire and the movement of the Mali's economic focus from the trans-Saharan trade routes to the burgeoning commerce along the coast.
The tribulations of its population and the loss of its independence meant that the cultural distinctiveness of Melos faded away as it was absorbed into mainstream Greek culture.
 Heavy (TV series), reality show on A&E that chronicles extreme weight loss
Notable also is the loss of through services between Liverpool and Scotland; these were due to be reinstated in December 2018 but have now been further delayed until at least May 2019.
It was later determined that the Comet's wing profile experienced a loss of lift at a high angle of attack, and its engine inlets also suffered a lack of pressure recovery in the same conditions.
These flamingos are mainly restricted to salt lagoons and soda lakes but these areas are vulnerable to habitat loss and water pollution.
He has fought three times since his last loss (2012, 2015, and most recently in November 2017), all wins against inferior competition and all in South America (two wins by knockout and one win by 8-round unanimous decision).
[...] Following the loss of the vision of the universe proper to medieval Christian worldview, [...] this science ignores or denies the existence of any reality other than that of the material aspect of nature".
In 1977, at the age of 92, Adelaide Rickenbacker was completely blind, suffering from failing health, and still grieving severely from the loss of her husband.
This setback was followed in June 1942 by the catastrophic loss of four fleet carriers at the Battle of Midway, the first decisive defeat for the Imperial Japanese Navy.
It is believed this was due to the emotional stress she had been suffering over the loss of her two Red Arrows colleagues the previous year.
The solid is unstable with respect to loss of water and formation of titanium dioxide.
Devastated by the loss of her only remaining parent, Prevost began drinking heavily and developed an addiction to alcohol.
The rate of evaporation heat loss is directly related to the vapor pressure at the skin surface and the amount of moisture present on the skin.
Loss of junipers may be a factor in southern Spain and north-west Africa, as may upland forestation in the UK.
However, in a system with an infinite size and no loss, the two are equal.
Reprisal was renamed  after the loss of .
However, the magnesium ion is not directly involved in the photosynthetic function and can be replaced by other divalent ions with little loss of activity.
There is no major loss of content, with analytical mechanics in the old sense now expressed in terms of symplectic topology, based on the newer theory of manifolds.
However, the opposing processes of gene duplication, horizontal gene transfer, and introgression balance out gene loss, providing a source of new genetic material").
Minimizing the number of generations in captivity is another effective method for reducing the loss of genetic diversity in captive populations.
These declines in population were the result of hunting and habitat destruction, but the random consequences have also caused a great loss in species diversity.
Parole board chairwoman Lisa Holley told journalists of her surprise at the forgiving attitude of the families, saying, "I think the most overwhelming part of it for me was the depth of forgiveness of many of these families that have sustained such a loss."
Since an alkaline battery's voltage drops significantly as the charge drops, most consumer applications are well equipped to deal with the slightly lower Ni–Cd cell voltage with no noticeable loss of performance.
The BFD investigated possible causes of ignition, the rapid spread of the fire and the catastrophic loss of life.
Cupronickel lacks a copper color due to nickel's high electronegativity, which causes a loss of one electron in copper's d-shell (leaving 9 electrons in the d-shell versus pure copper's typical 10 electrons).
In 2014, Flamengo won the League of the Americas without a single loss, defeating Pinheiros in the final.
traumatic brain injury, intracranial haemorrhage, hypoxic encephalopathy) consistent with the irreversible loss of neurological function."
If a current  is delivered to the terminals of an antenna, then a power of 2 rad will be radiated and a power of 2 loss will be lost as heat.
He caused damage valued at approximately £200,000, not counting the loss of irreplaceable books and documents.
All the sets and costumes were destroyed in a fire and had to be replaced, which amounted to a loss of almost $2 million.
Search engines can change their algorithms, impacting a website's search engine ranking, possibly resulting in a serious loss of traffic.
The new PzGr.39/43 could be fired without loss of pressure until the barrel was worn out, thus requiring no restriction.
In 1944, he published Noah's Shoes, a metaphoric account of the building and loss of his studio, casting himself as Noah.
Survivalism may be limited to preparing for a personal emergency, such as job loss or being stranded in the wild or under adverse weather conditions.
This was scant loss for her, as she owned more than one tenement and every member of the Chief Pleas was entitled to only one vote.
The loss of Akagi and the three other IJN carriers at Midway, comprising two thirds of Japan's total number of fleet carriers and the experienced core of the First Air Fleet, was a crucial strategic defeat for Japan and contributed significantly to Japan's ultimate defeat in the war.
In the first half of 2012, Gaumont recorded a profit of €7.7 million, which reversed the €0.6 million loss from the first half of 2011.
During the course of Tasmin development, TVR was short of funds to pay suppliers and this problem was compounded in late 1979 with the short-term loss of £100,000 worth of M Series cars that were impounded by the US federal government for non-compliance with emissions regulations.
Finally, the loss of Leyte opened the way for the invasion of the Ryukyu Islands in 1945.
Daughter languages other than Hittite, did not preserve the laryngeals themselves, but inherited sounds derived from the merger of these laryngeals with PIE short vowels and the subsequent loss of those laryngeals.
H loss adjacent to other sounds
The McKinley administration did not cite the explosion as a casus belli, but others were already inclined to go to war with Spain over perceived atrocities and loss of control in Cuba.
Drury went forward with the investigative report, which aided in Byrne's loss to Harold Washington in the 1983 Democratic mayoral primary and would help earn Drury a Chicago Emmy Award for Individual Excellence (the first of four Emmys during his career).
Two weeks later, one day after the Cowboys' 27–17 loss to the Detroit Lions, a team that had come into the game tied with the Chiefs, Giants, and Rams for the worst record in the NFL, Schramm said on his radio show, "There's an old saying, 'If the teacher doesn't teach, the student doesn't learn'."
Despite being effectively removed from power, the international scrutiny was no major loss to Leopold II—who died in Brussels on 17 December 1909—or to the concessionary companies in the Congo.
Lebedev had just come off a controversial split decision loss to Marco Huck.
Ahmed Shafiq said that his death was a loss to Egypt because he was a "unique religious leader and a distinguished character in the national history.
Badly damaged by the loss of a propeller, the ship sailed to Rosyth under heavy escort for repairs on 15 October.
However, when private equity purchases a larger firm, the experience of being managed by private equity may lead to loss of product quality and low morale among the employees.
Low suffered partial hearing loss as a child before becoming deaf in both ears due to an untreated infection and a small grain of rice.
When kitesurfing in strong winds, body heat loss is reduced by wearing a wetsuit.
of the Final Act of the Congress of Vienna) and added that the governments of the contracting parties should "without loss of time, ... [find] the most effectual measures for the entire and definitive abolition of a Commerce so odious, and so strongly condemned by the laws of religion and of nature".
In the league Brann finished eighth (of 14 teams) and in the national cup they reached the final 16 but was eliminated after an 8–0 loss away to Molde FK.
A reduction or loss of air pressure signals each car to apply its brakes, using the compressed air in its reservoirs.
Although there was no loss of life, the resultant flooding covered  of land, affecting 1,072 houses and commercial properties, with £150,000 worth of livestock killed and £50,000 of feed and grain destroyed.
Article 81 of the German constitution states the possibility that the President can by this means keep a government capable of action even in case of loss of a constructive majority in the Bundestag.
To determine a bond's rating, a credit rating agency analyzes the accounts of the issuer and the legal agreements attached to the bond to produce what is effectively a forecast of the bond's chance of default, expected loss, or a similar metric.
This was the first loss of life suffered by Biloxis crew.
Later, in a 1993 interview, Bhutto stated that supporting proxy wars in Punjab and Kashmir was the "one right thing" undertaken by Zia, presenting these in part as revenge for India's role in "the humiliating loss of Bangladesh".
An audit in September 2019 revealed that PIA had operated 46 empty flights between 2016 and 2017, without any passengers causing a loss of $1.1 million to the airline.
If heart failure, loss of consciousness, or heart related chest pain occur due to AS the outcomes are worse.
On 11 May, United's unbeaten run was ended by Leicester City with a 2–1 loss at Old Trafford, after Solskjær drastically changed his starting line-up due to fixture congestion.
After recovering from this loss, he  defeated Joe Orewa to win the International Boxing Council's super bantamweight title on September 10, 1990.
Sims, her antiaircraft battery crippled by gun failures, took three direct hits and sank quickly with a heavy loss of life.
The loss is usually sensory and motor, which means that both sensation and control are lost.
This technology is promised to allow for fewer spokes, lower wheel weight and inertia, increased wheel stiffness, with no loss of durability.
To prevent this loss and to ensure that revenue received from that post continued, the Asante staged their last invasion of the coast in 1873.
Many of the songs on the album address the pressures of fame and dealing with the resulting loss of privacy.
Although it suffers a degree of predation and parasitism, the main threats to the species are habitat loss, disturbance and a reduction of its insect prey through pesticide use.
Using on-camera flash will give a very harsh light, which results in a loss of shadows in the image, because the only lightsource is in practically the same place as the camera.
The biggest loss came on May 2, 1916, when Zapata lost Cuernavaca to enemy forces, which now numbered some 30,000 troops.
In July 2020, Canon recorded its first ever quarterly loss due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
During the 1972 strike, violent confrontations between striking NUM and non-striking NACODS members led to an agreement that NACODS members could stay off work without loss of pay if they were faced with aggressive picketing.
Clinical signs of the chronic phase include weight loss, pale gums due to anemia, bleeding due to thrombocytopenia, vasculitis, lymphadenopathy, dyspnea, coughing, polyuria, polydipsia, lameness, ophthalmic diseases such as retinal hemorrhage and anterior uveitis, and neurological disease.
After the loss in the 2010 World Cup Qualifier, Daei was fired as head coach after the match.
The turtle dove is featured in a number of folk songs about love and loss, including "There Is a Tavern in the Town".
“Anomalies: The Endowment Effect, Loss Aversion, and Status Quo Bias.” Journal of Economic Perspectives 5 (1): 193–206.
Many people began recounting stories of burns, hair loss and worse in technical journals as early as 1896.
It was Navratilova's only professional double bagel loss (one she later avenged with a crushing 6–2, 6–0 defeat of Evert in the finals of the same Amelia Island event in 1984).
If the condition has been brought on by stress, stress reduction techniques may be prescribed, or if overweight, weight loss may be indicated.
A Soviet report from the period identifies four T-35s lost on 30 June in this area with the loss of 15 crew.
Other signs and symptoms reported included spontaneous mouth and nosebleeds, miscarriages for pregnant women, a peculiar smell, teeth, and hair falling, delirium, dizziness, insomnia, loss of hearing or smell, blurred vision, and impaired color vision.
On that date, the submarine entered the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard for refueling and an extensive overhaul bringing it up to the SUBSAFE standard put in place after the loss of Thresher.
Flight recorder data from the single cosmonaut outfitted with biomedical sensors showed cardiac arrest occurred within 40 seconds of pressure loss.
This can be used to determine the probability of packet loss or delay, according to various assumptions made about whether blocked calls are aborted (Erlang B formula) or queued until served (Erlang C formula).
Atropine blocks a subset of acetylcholine receptors known as muscarinic acetylcholine receptors (mAchRs), so that the buildup of acetylcholine produced by loss of the acetylcholinesterase function has a reduced effect on their target receptor.
In England's second 2014 World Cup group match against Uruguay at the Arena Corinthians, Rooney scored his first ever goal at a World Cup finals with a 75th-minute equaliser in a 2–1 loss.
The first wave of bombers arrived too early at a designated rendezvous point, and while maneuvering to maintain station, two B-52s collided, which resulted in the loss of both bombers and eight crewmen.
They also won 38 seats in the Senate (a gain of 3 seats), and 114 seats in the Chamber of Deputies (a loss of 28 seats).
People that have been infected by COVID-19 may have symptoms such as a fever, dry cough, loss of smell and taste, or shortness of breath.
Pattern hair loss by age 50 affects about half of men and a quarter of women.
Trichotillomania is the loss of hair caused by compulsive pulling and bending of the hairs.
Other causes of hair loss include:
They typically work better to prevent further hair loss, than to regrow lost hair.
Instead of attempting to conceal their hair loss, some people embrace it by either doing nothing about it or sporting a shaved head.
This type of gas loss from a planet into space is known as planetary wind.
After Federer's 1–6, 6–1, 6–4, 7–6 loss to Nadal in the final, Wilander said that "Federer, today, unfortunately came out with no balls... you don't find too many champions in any sport in the world without heart or balls.
His father, Claude Du Roc, was a captain of the dragoons that retired to Pont-à-Mousson due to hearing loss.
The island was conquered but at a heavy cost, and the loss of life sparked mass protests from civilians in the United States.
Second, they noted that historical manuscripts are vulnerable to destruction or loss.
Hitler claimed that the technique had been used by Jews to blame Germany's loss in  on German general Erich Ludendorff, who was a prominent nationalist political leader in the Weimar Republic.
The process generally involves the addition of new lithium to replenish the loss of lithium in the cathode due to degradation from cycling.
As a consequence of this loss Biddle noted his squadron was forced to return to Norfolk Navy Yard early.
In the Greco-Italian War, CR.42 pilots claimed 162 kills, for the loss of 29 aircraft.
MSE is a risk function, corresponding to the expected value of the squared error loss.
The only tank loss sustained by the British Army was a Challenger 2 of the Queen's Royal Lancers that was hit by another Challenger 2, killing two crew members.
There is no statutory protection of a building or object on the local list but many receive a degree of protection from loss through being in a Conservation Area or through planning policy.
This stage contained various consonant and vowel shifts, the loss of the contrastive accent inherited from PIE for a uniform accent on the first syllable of the word root, and the beginnings of the reduction of the resulting unstressed syllables.
For example, Donald Ringe assumes for Proto-Germanic an early loss of the PIE imperfect aspect (something that also occurred in most other branches), followed by merging of the aspectual categories present-aorist and the mood categories indicative-subjunctive.
These are solid state dehydration reactions, and involve the loss of volatiles such as water or carbon dioxide.
He had recently suffered the loss of his beloved second wife Arabella in childbirth.
Little damage was inflicted on the refinery and only one small ship was sunk for the loss of one of VT-3's Avengers.
Port Vale's largest Football League victory was a 9–1 win over Chesterfield in the Second Division in 1932, while the heaviest loss was 10–0 to Sheffield United in 1892 in the same division.
In Luang Prabang, Wat Xieng Thong was constructed perhaps in compensation for the loss of status as the former capital of Lan Xang, and in Nakhon Phanom major renovations were made to That Phanom.
Srichaphan ended his junior career after a first round loss at the 1997 Wimbledon Championships.
General Macomb wrote to his father that the American loss "in the land battle" was 115 killed and 130 wounded, a figure which suggests considerable casualties among the militia and volunteers.
In August 1918, the Naval Court of Inquiry appointed to investigate the loss of the cruiser concluded that San Diego had been sunk by a mine, mentioning that six contact mines had been located by naval forces in the vicinity of the spot where she had sunk.
He suffered great personal loss with the early and untimely deaths of his second son, youngest son and wife along with others quite close to him in rapid succession, which bore very heavily on his heart.
Chester Wilmot states that this was a serious loss, as there were only 36 Tiger tanks in Normandy.
In October, Iowa underwent a period of overhaul and modernization, which resulted in the addition of the SK-2 Radar and the loss of a number of 20 mm and 40 mm gun mounts.
By the end of the day, 10 Gladiators had been destroyed for the loss of three German aircraft.
An altered taste has effects on food choice and intake and can lead to weight loss, malnutrition, impaired immunity, and a decline in health.
The means proposed for the extinction of the debt are described by Lord Overstone as "a sort of hocus-pocus machinery," supposed to work "without loss to any one," and consequently unsound.
A recount granted the PNP an additional seat, resulting in a one-seat loss.
Tristan answers, after some hesitation, that he loves anyone who punishes him no matter how crude or lowly they are and desires the loss of his self amid all the punishments, eventually "becoming" the punishments himself.
Bacon was deeply affected by the loss of Dyer, and had recently lost four other friends and his nanny.
Lockhart struggled with the loss of his parents and sister.
The loss of his most aggressive and combat experienced carrier admiral, Halsey, on the eve of this crisis was a severe blow to Nimitz.
The announcement in early 2005 that Durham SU had been operating with a large annual loss has prompted serious debate on the future of the organisation and the building in which it is currently based.
The loss of Egypt was a major blow to the authority of Ali, who was bogged down battling Kharijite defectors in Iraq and whose grip in Basra and Iraq's eastern and southern dependencies was eroding.
At 01:35 on 27 October, Hornet finally sank with the loss of 140 of her 2,200 sailors; 21 aircraft went down with the ship.
After the election loss in 2011, a group called "Independent COPE" was elected to COPE's Executive Board.
Reasons behind the decline remain unclear, although suggestions include habitat loss, pesticide contamination, and human disturbance.
Although themes of death are apparent in Deep Space Nine previous seasons, "Far Beyond the Stars" details how Sisko copes with the loss of a friend on a deeper psychological level.
With the loss of Horniman, Synge, and the Fays, the Abbey under Robinson tended to drift, suffering from falling public interest and box office returns.
The receiving feed antenna must also have vertical polarization to receive them;  if the feed is horizontal (horizontal polarization) the antenna will suffer a severe loss of gain.
In addition to the above verse-setting by Coperario, both Thomas Tomkins and Thomas Weelkes composed settings of "When David heard", a Biblical passage in which King David laments the loss of his son Absalom in battle; it is thought that both settings were directly inspired by the death of the prince.
By 1727, the price of silver guaranteed that pennies were struck at a loss.
The role of the Eddington limit in today's research lies in explaining the very high mass loss rates seen in for example the series of outbursts of η Carinae in 1840–1860.
After many years of operating profitably, Monarch Group, the parent company of Monarch Airlines and Cosmos Holidays, reported a large pre-tax loss of £32.3m in the financial year ending in 2009.
This reduction in the number of visiting ships caused a serious loss of revenue to Ngāpuhi.
Survivors would have to disembark quickly to minimize loss of life.
In February 1968, the RLAF suffered a serious loss, when a flight of three T-28s on a close air support mission in poor weather flew headlong into a ridge in Military Region 2.
The yard was last profitable in 2015 and the following year it had an operating loss of £6 million.
The different characteristic features have been linked to the loss of specific genes.
The low freeboard meant that these ships were unsuitable for ocean-going duties and were always at risk of swamping, flooding and possible loss.
It is declining due to egg collection, human disturbance and the loss of coastal wetlands in China.
In previous versions of Windows, removing a buggy LSP could result in corruption of the Winsock catalog in the registry, potentially resulting in a loss of all network connectivity.
Feuds with team management over a loss of playing time resulted in his being traded to the Red Sox in the middle of the  season.
He posted seven more wins that year before suffering his first loss at the hands of Wayne McGee by a decision in six rounds.
NK cells apparently evolved as an evolutionary response to this adaptation (the loss of the MHC eliminates CD4/CD8 action, so another immune cell evolved to fulfill the function).
Campaign leaders looked to employees in workplace (and not their bosses) as an opportunity to make up for the expected loss.
 Adiabatic flame; i.e., no loss of heat to the atmosphere (may differ in certain parts)
The loss of writing ability may present with other language or neurological disorders; disorders appearing commonly with agraphia are alexia, aphasia, dysarthria, agnosia, acalculia and apraxia.
After twelve days of restart, their average capacity loss had exceeded 50 percent.
The draining, filling, and general destruction of wetlands causes a loss in their breeding habitats.
The studio's final film, 2011's Zemeckis-produced Mars Needs Moms, was the second-worst box office failure in history, with a net loss of roughly $130 million.
Using Hollywood accounting methods, Fox had declared Alien a financial loss despite its earnings of over $100million against a $9–$11million budget.
However, Louisiana Tech avenged the previous year's championship game loss with a 9-point victory and went on to win the title.
Though the team lost to the Cleveland Indians in the 1998 American League Division Series, Garciaparra had an outstanding postseason debut in the series, batting .333 with 3 homers and 11 RBI in the 4 game loss.
Habitat loss is the largest known cause of nesting failure, with flooding and drought being recurrent problems.
These mechanisms are intended to prevent only accidental data loss or attacks by computer viruses.
In Europe based on EMA, metreleptin should be used in addition to diet to treat lipodystrophy, where patients have loss of fatty tissue under the skin and build-up of fat elsewhere in the body such as in the liver and muscles.
Muir felt a great loss from the destruction of the valley, his last major battle.
Prolonged duration of otitis media is associated with ossicular complications and, together with persistent tympanic membrane perforation, contributes to the severity of the disease and hearing loss.
It discourages reckless behaviour and needless loss by forcing potential defendants to take every possible precaution.
In 2005, the SPÖ improved their result slightly to 60.7%, before losing the absolute majority with a loss of 11% at the following election in 2010, finishing with 49.2% of the vote.
Such treatment led to loss of body tissues, and when prisoners became skeletal, the so-called Muselmann were murdered by gas or bullets when examined by camp doctors.
Two days later, he set a new season-high with 14 points in a loss to the Houston Rockets, starting at center for the Heat in his sixth straight game.
 managing crops to reduce water loss
Conservation biology is concerned with phenomena that affect the maintenance, loss, and restoration of biodiversity and the science of sustaining evolutionary processes that engender genetic, population, species, and ecosystem diversity.
It works by showing that the defendant's mind was not in control of the body's movements at the relevant time and that this loss of control was not foreseeable.
Because the majority of Africa remains dependent on an agricultural lifestyle and 80 to 90 percent of all families in rural Africa rely upon producing their own food, water scarcity translates to a loss of food security.
Index insurance eliminates the loss verification step, thereby mitigating a significant transaction cost.
If they did not wish to lose control, they would not consume, so loss of control must be within the scope of their intention by continuing to consume.
The loss of British protection left Faisal's government more vulnerable to a French takeover.
According to Mikkelson, the writing style and content—including a lengthy description of an LSD trip but relatively little about "the loss of [the diarist's] one true love", school, gossip or ordinary "chit-chat"— seems uncharacteristic of a teenage girl's diary.
Second loss of US citizenship and extradition to Germany
The ambitious wars waged by King Charles XII, however, led to the loss of that status after the Great Northern War, 1700–1721.
Morrison suffered the first loss of his career, losing by 5th-round knockout.
She served in World War II, sank the German submarines  and , and was rendered a constructive loss by air attack off Ramree Island, Burma on 11 February 1945, she was finally broken up at Milford Haven in November 1948.
The former had the desired effect of gaining the respect of the local Indians; the latter only served to frighten and scatter them, resulting in loss of trade and income.
The iconic  was a total loss.
The other loss occurred in 1901 at Brighton Beach in a heat where the judges determined that the driver was "not driving to win", much to the fury of the crowd.
Vicars left nothing in his will to his half-brother Pierce Charles de Lacy O'Mahony, on the grounds that Mahony had repudiated a promise to recompense Vicars for the loss of income caused by his resignation.
For public health and environmental decisions, the loss is simply a verbal description of the outcome, such as increased cancer incidence or incidence of birth defects.
Other contributing factors include the state of the water itself, distance from a solid footing, physical impairment, or prior loss of consciousness.
These problems—perceived weakness of the unions, loss of control over jobs, drop in demand, and competition—decreased the faith of miners in their union.
The SJU basketball team ended the 2012–2013 season with a loss to Augsburg in the quarterfinal round of the MIAC playoffs.
Also, no Tornado loss is attributed to enemy aircraft as per the Royal Air Force and the Italian Air Force.
The Finance Bill of 2016 is intended to address some of this loss by making it compulsory for taxpayers to operate on “secure systems”.
Today, it is threatened by poaching, loss and fragmentation of habitat, and was estimated at comprising fewer than 2,500 wild individuals by 2011.
A kernel panic (sometimes abbreviated as KP) is a safety measure taken by an operating system's kernel upon detecting an internal fatal error in which either it is unable to safely recover or continuing to run the system  would have a higher risk of major data loss.
During the 2011 winter-over season, station manager Renee-Nicole Douceur experienced a stroke on August 27, resulting in loss of vision and cognitive function.
As of 2004, the USDA made no mention of scrapie in its Sheep and Goats Death Loss circular.
With their increasingly esoteric writing standing in contrast to the magazine's more accessible competitors, such as Melody Maker, the NME soon began to alienate its readership; it is estimated that within several years, the magazine suffered the loss of half its circulation, in large part due to the new direction of Penman and his colleagues.
At this point the body "mines" the muscles and vital organs for energy, and loss of bone marrow becomes life-threatening.
Evert rebounded with another clay court streak that reached 64 matches (including titles at the 1979 and 1980 French Open) before ending with a semifinal loss to eventual winner Hana Mandlíková at the 1981 French Open (a record of 189 victories in 191 matches on clay from 1973 to 1981).
Financial cryptography is the use of cryptography in applications in which financial loss could result from subversion of the message system.
His progress was halted when he was KO'd in the first round by Jerry Quarry, which was followed by another loss to a journeyman Bob Stallings.
Emperor penguin feathers emerge from the skin after they have grown to a third of their total length, and before old feathers are lost, to help reduce heat loss.
The events at Jonestown constituted the greatest single loss of American civilian life in a deliberate act until the incidents of September 11, 2001.
The loss also left the board dependent on the biased information offered by the parties in dispute before it, leading to poor decision-making and far less success in the courts.
It refers to utter loss, eternal destruction, and disassociation."
Freight traffic between Germany and Italy, which could be routed via the Lötschberg line meant that the company was able to offset the loss of transit via Delle.
Meanwhile, to the north, in the Duchy of Savoy, the Marquis of La Hoguette took Montmélian (the region's last remaining stronghold) on 22 December – a major loss for the Grand Alliance.
As a result, the USSR only demanded the northern, overwhelmingly Ukrainian part, arguing that it was a "reparation for the great loss produced to the Soviet Union and Bassarabia's population by twenty-two years of Romanian domination of Bassarabia".
The Federalists had a 1-seat net loss and the Democratic-Republicans had a 2-seat net gain.
National Republican (NR): 1-seat net loss
He enlisted for military service in the Franco-Prussian War in 1870, then was demobilised after the disastrous French defeat in 1871 and the French loss to Germany of much of the province of Lorraine, including Meisenthal where he had done his apprenticeship.
Not too long after signing the contract, Riise decided to take a break from professional football, stating a loss of motivation fuelled the decision.
The CPA has acknowledged that the failure to meter the oil shipments resulted in some oil smuggling—an avoidable loss of Iraq's oil that was Bremer's responsibility.
The 2007 report by PWC revealed a collective loss of £9 million for 2005–06, although six clubs – Falkirk, Hibernian, Inverness CT, Kilmarnock, Motherwell and Rangers – made a profit.
They also showed that gradient-echo images, which depend on a form of loss of magnetization called T2* decay, produced the best images.
Loss of contrast between coronal stops  and post-alveolar affricates  due to palatalization of the earlier, before vowels such as , , , and .
 postural instability, loss of consciousness, and frequent falls;
Contributing factors to the caregiver burden in DLB are emotional fluctuations, apathy, psychosis, aggression, agitation, and night-time behaviors such as parasomnias, that lead to a loss of independence earlier than in AD.
Mandated by the 21st Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act (CVAA) and established by the FCC, the NDBEDP will aid individuals with combined vision and hearing loss connect with family, friends and their community by distributing accessible communications technology.
In the Mood is mentioned in conjunction with the musician Joe Loss in Episode Six of Series Four of Are You Being Served?, entitled O What a Tangled Web.
Orthorexic behaviors can often lead to malnutrition and weight loss, and it is often associated with anorexia nervosa.
The drinks would serve as a loss leader, with customers subsequently upsold towards higher-priced food products.
A Reuters report of the match noted that the British squad's loss may have been in part to fatigue, as the players arrived in Paris only on the morning of the match.
The airline was struck hard by the 2001 airline recession, making a loss that year of DKK 341 million.
Then "lose" them one by one, trying to feel each loss, until you have lost them all as happens in old age.
where ω is the angular frequency at which the stored energy and power loss are measured.
On another occasion, the Admiral said, "I know nothing of him prejudicial as a man, but I do know that no Navy can boast a better officer and I deem him a great loss both to the Navy and to his country."
Those who knew Cochran have said that the loss bothered her for the rest of her life.
Aeroflot Flight 03, a Tu-104A (СССР-42366), crashed in a swamp near Kuruna, Nanaysky District following an unexplained loss of control, killing all 86 on board; autopilot problems were blamed.
German propagandists feared the triple loss might be too damaging to morale.
This can lead to widespread disruption across the network and potentially a huge loss in revenue.
Keystone mutualists are organisms that participate in mutually beneficial interaction, the loss of which would have a profound impact upon the ecosystem as a whole.
While most are not domesticated, mallards are so successful at coexisting in human regions that the main conservation risk they pose comes from the loss of genetic diversity among a region's traditional ducks once humans and mallards colonise an area.
JNI incurs considerable overhead and performance loss under certain circumstances:
This analysis claims that once the economic benefits of hotels, restaurants and other tourist amenities are considered, hunting whales is a net economic loss.
In June Wimmer countersued Merkur Bank for the loss of his shares in Motorenwerke Zschopau GmbH.
Loss of residential property value: homes near an undesirable development may be less desirable for potential buyers.
In the retail industry, the word "shrinkage" (or "shrink") can be used to refer to merchandise lost by shoplifting, but the word also includes loss by other means, such as waste, uninsured damage to products, and theft by store employees.
During the War of the Spanish Succession Dénia was besieged by 9,000 French troops in June 1707, who broke down several sections of the town walls using cannon, but their attacks in July were repulsed by the small garrison with great loss of life to the attackers resulting in the siege being raised after 27 days.
Transfer of motor skills: the gain or loss in the capability for performance in one task as a result of practice and experience on some other task.
The choice of Ferraro was viewed as a gamble, and pundits were uncertain whether it would result in a net gain or loss of votes for the Mondale campaign.
These conditions can cause visual suppression of areas of the dissimilar images by the brain such as to avoid diplopia, resulting in a loss of visual acuity in the suppressed eye and in extreme cases in blindness in an otherwise functional eye.
The hypermetabolic state that may persist for years after a major burn can result in a decrease in bone density and a loss of muscle mass.
Although some heterokont relatives of the brown algae lack plastids in their cells, scientists believe this is a result of evolutionary loss of that organelle in those groups rather than independent acquisition by the several photosynthetic members.
This deceleration, which is produced by a normal shock, creates a total pressure loss which limits the upper operating point of a ramjet engine.
New findings propose that an earlier onset leads to a longer disease duration without loss of ambulation or the need for the use of a wheelchair.
But the process of loss of historical and cultural continuity appeared to have happened also with some of the non-reservation remnant Lenape Indians of Delaware.
 04/13/07: Mars Global Surveyor: Report Reveals Reasons for Loss.
Similar to Bait pricing, retailers use leader pricing to entice customers to come into the stores by advertising items, the loss leaders, at a low price.
His reputation was well earned and he took Edinburgh Castle without the loss of a single man.
Angelo's motive for forswearing his betrothal with Mariana was the loss of her dowry at sea.
After a tyre change, Räikkönen's race ended halfway into the next lap when he crashed into the barrier at turn 4 because of a loss of rear grip.
Between 1996 and 2006, there was extensive skepticism about a universal and predictable "emotional pathway" that leads from distress to "recovery" with an appreciation that grief is a more complex process of adapting to loss than stage and phase models have previously suggested.
Among those persons who have been bereaved within the previous three months of a given report, those who report many intrusive thoughts about the deceased show ventral amygdala and rostral anterior cingulate cortex hyperactivity to reminders of their loss.
The survivor of a spouse who died of an illness has a different experience of such loss than a survivor of a spouse who died by an act of violence.
This loss differs from the death of a child in that the grief process is prolonged or denied because of hope that the relationship will be restored.
There is evidence that animals experience grief in the loss of their group member, a mate, or their owner for many days.
Facing continued loss of market share to the trucking industry, the railroad industry and its unions asked the federal government for deregulation.
Unlike the mainstream Human Torch, Ultimate Johnny's power sometimes have detrimental effects on his health, specifically causing unhealthy levels of weight loss and exhaustion.
Recent reports on recombinant PYY 3-36 suggest that this agent may contribute to weight loss by suppressing appetite.
The foundation's focus has three main objectives: climate change and renewable energy development, combating the loss of biodiversity, and improving universal access to clean water.
(Boies' record in other cases was mixed, however, including a high-visibility loss in the 2000 Bush v. Gore Florida election dispute.)
Instead of embracing the coming truth, the narrator clings to poetry to hide from the loss of pleasure.
He said of himself ‘In my early boyhood it was a sheet that tried to choke me in the night.’ He also described several incidents in the Peter Pan stories that indicate that he was familiar with an awareness of a loss of muscle tone whilst in a dream-like state.
He discovered that memory loss occurred rapidly over the first few hours or days, but showed a more steady, gradual decline over subsequent days, weeks, and months.
    My richest Gain I count but Loss,
In that game, the Wild suffered a 3–0 loss to the Colorado Avalanche.
These include significant human persecution, especially hunting, and also the loss of steppe and non-intensive agricultural areas (particularly in Morocco), pesticide poisoning, disturbance, and dam construction.
The progression of many terminal diseases are characterized by loss of autonomy, in various manners and extents.
A tuned circuit connected to a negative resistance which cancels some but not all of its parasitic loss resistance (so ) will not oscillate, but the negative resistance will decrease the damping in the circuit (moving its poles toward the jω axis), increasing its Q factor so it has a narrower bandwidth and more selectivity.
| 1974-07-31|| Loss ||align=left| Thongdeg Sor.
The following year, a potential game-tying finger roll by Ewing rimmed out in the dwindling seconds of Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals, resulting in a loss to the Indiana Pacers.
It is likely that Watson, who went on to a successful career despite the attack and the loss of his leg below the knee, commissioned the painting as a lesson for other unfortunates, including orphans like himself, in the fact that even the severest adversity can be overcome.
Mauresmo next suffered a first-round loss at the Wimbledon warm-up tournament in Eastbourne.
On the same night, 300 Americans attacked Lighthouse Island and burned the lighthouse, killing several British soldiers and capturing 23 at the loss of one life.
This led to a wave of indictments in Indiana, more national scandals, the rapid loss of tens of thousands of members, and the end of the second wave of Klan activity in the late 1920s.
Despite this, in January 1558 the French took Calais; held by the English since 1347, its loss severely diminished their future ability to intervene directly in mainland Europe.
The attack is the largest loss of US troops at sea due to enemy action in a single incident.
The Tornadoes then ended their 1929 season with a 10–0 loss to Frankford.
There they played the worst game of their existence, a 45–0 blowout loss to the Jeffs in front of 2,700 fans.
Loss leading is widely used in supermarkets and budget-priced retail outlets where the store as a means of generating store traffic.
The Scots were decisively beaten at the Battle of Neville's Cross with heavy loss and their king was captured.
The pain may be temporarily alleviated with anaesthetic eye drops for the examination; however, they are not used for continued treatment, as anaesthesia of the eye interferes with corneal healing, and may lead to corneal ulceration and even loss of the eye.
In January 1996, he sold the team for $750,000—a significant loss, based on his own estimates—to a group of investors called Ark-La-Tex Football Association, who intended to move the team to Shreveport as a replacement for the Shreveport Pirates, who had collapsed under the mismanagement of infamous CFL owner Bernard Glieberman.
The Lions had a little trouble getting back on track, as they suffered a loss to Winnipeg and a tie with Calgary.
His uncle marries and his wife bears an heir, ensuring the loss of the expected inheritance.
A galleon of treasure was captured, and the overall loss to Spain was estimated at £2,000,000.
Riddick Bowe's boxing record stands at 43 wins and 1 loss, with 33 knockouts.
A local increase in concentration of TNF will cause the cardinal signs of Inflammation to occur: heat, swelling, redness, pain and loss of function.
Cleveland would lose the series in six games, and following the loss in Game 6, James immediately left the floor without shaking hands with his opponents, which was an act that many media members viewed as unsportsmanlike.
Larsson took to the pitch for the final time in Helsingborg's 2–0 Allsvenskan loss to Djurgården on 28 October 2009, and was given a standing ovation from the crowd.
Her husband's loss came shortly after the passing of the Mental Health System Act, which sought to do much of what she had wished for during her tenure.
While initially blaming the loss on his rival Ignatieff, Harper later said that it was due to his pro-Israeli stance.
A 2015 review examined whether CI implantation to treat people with bilateral hearing loss had any effect on tinnitus.
This means that the amphisbaenians’ loss of limbs occurred only once.
His debut was made at Home Depot Center before a record crowd of nearly 35,000, including many celebrities, coming on in the 78th minute in a 1–0 loss to Chelsea in a match during the World Series of Football tournament.
Trauma to the vena cava is usually fatal as unstoppable excessive blood loss occurs.
This received mixed reactions; on one hand, the people welcomed the reunification of Macedon; on the other hand, they resented their loss of freedom and the harsher rule of the Romans.
The final game of the Championship was an away loss to Ireland, in which Gould scored his last international points with a dropped goal.
Non-fatal cases of monkeypox can result in permanent vision loss due to damage of the cornea.
The loss of the American monopoly on nuclear weapons marked the first tit-for-tat of the nuclear arms race.
If BC>AC and Weber's test lateralizes to abnormal side then it is Conductive hearing loss.
On 14 January of the following year, after a 0–2 away loss to Valencia that left the Andalusians in 12th place, Jiménez was relieved of his duties, and was replaced by Spanish manager Unai Emery.
The capacitor can be recharged more rapidly than a battery and can be recharged many times without loss of capacity; however, the running time is limited by the relative bulk of capacitors compared to electrochemical batteries.
This confirmed the 1940 loss of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina to the Soviet Union and the Treaty of Craiova, which returned Southern Dobruja to Bulgaria.
The value at frequency ½ is referred to as the maximum scalloping loss of the window, which is one metric used to compare windows.
Without loss of generality assume  is positive since otherwise you simply take the eigenvector , also associated to .
They lost their first five games, including the first ever ABA game, a 134–129 loss to the Oakland Oaks on the road.
The leaf loss coincides with the dry season in tropical, subtropical, and arid regions.
The quality of Bosin's painting did not decline because of his vision loss, but it did make the work more difficult for him.
On October 20, 2020, during the 2002 MLS Cup final a record was established when a crowd of 61,316 attended a Revolution 1–0 loss against the Los Angeles Galaxy.
Also, without any form of energy storage during times of high solar generation, companies must rapidly increase generation around the time of sunset to compensate for the loss of solar generation.
Cade's research team discovered that football players were losing up to 18 pounds (8.2 kilograms) during the three hours of a college football game, and that ninety to ninety-five percent of that loss was water.
(On the occasion of his primary loss to David Dinkins) "The people have spoken...and they must be punished."
The next season, the Rock recovered from the championship game loss by finishing first overall for the fourth straight year.
Bourassa's attacks depleted Laurier's strength in Quebec and contributed to the Liberal Party's loss in the 1911 election.
Both systems became inoperative after the loss of that engine.
Comparative genomic analysis reveals that many mammalian species are experiencing a similar loss of function in their heterozygous sex chromosome.
Visitor's have an opportunity to tour the depths of a Springhill coal mine, hear stories of the disaster of 1891, the 1916 subterranean fire which raged through the galleries, the loss of 39 men in the 1956 explosion and the major “bump” in 1958 which killed 75 men.
Fixation of the stapes within the oval window causes a conductive hearing loss.
S. Rosen and P. Olin, Hearing loss and coronary heart disease, Archives of Otolaryngology'', 82:236 (1965)
Ralph's heir (his grandson Ralph Neville, 2nd Earl of Westmorland) as the representative of the senior line, disputed the loss of his inheritance, and although he agreed to a settlement in 1443, it was on unequal terms – Salisbury kept the great Neville possessions of Middleham and Sheriff Hutton, as well as the more recent grant of Penrith.
After the loss, Curry went to Valley Hospital in Las Vegas and learned that he had fought Linton with acute pancreatitis.
Instead he predicted that unusual but predictable isotopic compositions would be found within thermally condensed interstellar grains that had condensed during mass loss from stars of differing types.
It was Mamby's eleventh loss in his last 14 fights.
Jurisdiction-dependent means of home loss include adverse possession, unpaid property taxation and corruption such as in circumstances of a failed state.
A recent figure was released citing a 46.4% decrease from 2007 to 2012, the most loss in any small hub airport.
Hypovolemic shock occurs due to loss of blood from the gastrointestinal bleeding caused by the iron.
After a 0–0 draw at home against France, they lost 3–0 against the Netherlands and 1–2 in the rematch against France three days later; the latter result being their fourth loss in six competitive matches.
In fact, the spruces may be planted not only throughout the spring planting period provided that the period of most active shoot elongation is avoided, but virtually throughout the whole growing season, with little loss of performance other than some reduction in increment.
The silver toys long made by the family firm were generally too light to require assaying, but silver plate had to be sent over  to the nearest assay office, at Chester, to be assayed and hallmarked, with the attendant risks of damage and loss.
Public reaction to these moves was mixed, with some bemoaning the loss of a counterbalance to the overall materialism of downtown, while others, particularly those involved in real estate, looked positively on the availability of the land which the cultural institutions left behind.
As the Mississauga were short of animals to hunt and fish to catch in Lake Ontario, the loss of presents from the Crown was a painful blow and in 1802 the Mississauga removed Brant as their chief agent.
The loss in the secretary's race (to Kevin White, a future mayor of Boston) was particularly close.
He authored an amendment to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act called the Medical Loss Ratio, which required that insurance companies spend at least 80% of premiums on actual health care costs, and 85% for large group plans.
The park administration argued the prevention of water loss saves the park money, since water would have to be added to the lakes only once per year instead of three times.
Like the cut rule, the axiom of identity is somewhat redundant: the completeness of atomic initial sequents states that the rule can be restricted to atomic formulas without any loss of provability.
India recovered from a less than convincing victory against minnows Netherlands and a loss to Australia in the league stage and embarked on a dream run winning eight consecutive matches to qualify for the World Cup Finals for the first time since 1983.
This was governed and restricted by the law of Entail, which prevented estates from being divided up amongst female heirs and therefore also prevented the loss of clan territories.
The deadweight loss associated with unions is 0.2 to 0.5 percent of GDP, which is similar to monopolies in product markets.
Metformin use is typically associated with weight loss.
The primary heat loss across an uninsulated air-filled space is natural convection, which occurs because of changes in air density with temperature.
The construction of the approach roads and toll plaza resulted in the permanent loss of some wet pastureland.
Following the Grey Cup loss, head coach Ken Miller resigned and became Vice President of Football operations.
Supported by Germany to enable the creation of a Finnish sovereign state, the movement was one of many means by which Germany intended to weaken Russia and to cause Russia's loss of its western provinces and dependencies.
First, damage of the inner ear hair cells can result in irreversible hearing loss.
For example, porosity in a weld or metal loss.
Near-total to total power loss is likely for up to several weeks and water will likely also be lost or contaminated.
After a string of mixed results, including two wins against rivals South Sydney, but a poor loss to Newcastle left Wests Tigers 9th on the ladder, a point away from the top 8 at the end of the full season.
He expressed his sorrow and grief at the loss of Lee.
It failed with most viewers, as the loss of Leonard Rossiter removed some affection for the series.
Maintain price: Another reaction is to hope that the competitor has made a mistake, but if the competitor's action does make inroads into a merchant's share, this can soon mean customers lose confidence and a subsequent a loss of sales.
Selma promises to keep his secret and confides in him about her advancing vision loss.
 A Loss For Words – American pop punk band
Their hold, typically, has been upon working-class Protestant neighbourhoods and housing estates where they have compensated for the loss of the confidence they enjoyed as district defenders in early years of the Troubles with racketeering and intimidation.
The entire business portion of the village is one vast mass of ruins, and the loss of property is consequently immense.
Increasing traffic, demolition of historic buildings, commercial encroachment into historic neighborhoods, and the loss of open space led to the beginning of grass roots preservation efforts.
In 1945, sixty German prisoners of war from Camp Fredonia in Little Kohler, Wisconsin were contracted to work at Krier Preserving Company in the village to make up for the loss of labor due to local men fighting in World War II.
Briefly, the young rappers thought they had lost everything with the loss of their friend and mentor.
As historian Emma Wilby noted, "their problems... were primarily rooted in the struggle for physical survival—the lack of food or money, bereavement, sickness, loss of livelihood and so on", and the familiar offered them a way out of this by giving them magical powers.
Signs vary, but may include vomiting (especially if blood is present), weight loss, anemia, and lack of appetite.
The Sixth Directorate was responsible for maintaining the Center S covert listening post in Syria prior to its loss to the Free Syrian Army in 2014.
Arce rebounded from the loss by defeating future champion Tomás Rojas by 6th-round technical knockout.
Plants that produced antimicrobial compounds could prevent loss of valuable nutrients gained from insects within the pitcher.
He rebounded the following week by winning a record-extending ninth title at the Gerry Weber Open in Halle, doing so without the loss of a set.
The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable causes of the accident were improperly installed electrical wiring that led to an in-flight fire which damaged the aircraft's systems causing a loss of control and improper maintenance and inspection of the aircraft.
There were no injuries other than smoke inhalation affecting the crew, but the plane burned on the ground for hours into the night, though most of the cargo survived, the aircraft was a total loss, with multiple holes burned through the roof skin.
In these Chen deplored China's lack of economic progress and the people's loss of confidence in the Party.
However, at 2007 general election the Labour Party failed to increase its seat total and had a net loss of 1 seat, returning with 20 seats.
The company reported a record annual loss of $989 million.
Downfall and loss of influence after death 
For example, during a task the scaffolder (expert) might need to manage and control for frustration and loss of interest that could be experienced by the learner.
Antbirds are neither targeted by the pet trade nor large enough to be hunted; the principal cause of the decline in antbird species is habitat loss.
To cope with the loss, her father enrolled her in theater therapy.
The main threat to pittas is habitat loss in the form of rapid deforestation, but they are also targeted by the cage-bird trade.
During the following years, Ivan and Stephen coordinated their diplomacy, which enabled Ivan to persuade Alexander to acknowledge the loss of significant territories to Moscow in February 1494.
Infections: The increased susceptibility of people with nephrotic syndrome to infections can be a result of the leakage of immunoglobulins from the blood, the loss of proteins in general, and the presence of oedematous fluid (which acts as a breeding ground for infections).
Joseph Burger fought and was wounded in the Civil War, resulting in the loss of his right arm and was awarded the Medal of Honor at the age of 14.
Feeling a grand sense of loss at court and unable to assert his authority, the Tongzhi Emperor returned to his former habits.
Conservative elements in England consider the partition of India to be the moment that the British Empire ceased to be a world power, following Curzon's dictum: "the loss of India would mean that Britain drop straight away to a third rate power."
Colonel Bella finds the brothers, but feeling the already too-great loss of the war, the colonel is unable to kill them, so he motions them on.
Coming to terms with her father's disappearance may be interpreted as a requiem for those lost to the 20th century, something that may have been influenced by Gibson coming to terms with the loss of his own father.
Afterwards the foil is cooled to a temperature of 77 K to prevent a loss of H before the implantation can take place.
Further development has significantly impacted the biodiversity of the island, resulting in the loss of much of the native fauna and flora.
Creative nonfiction may be structured like traditional fiction narratives, as is true of Fenton Johnson's story of love and loss, Geography of the Heart, and Virginia Holman's Rescuing Patty Hearst.
Not only does this cause some reduction in the amount of light the system collects, it also causes a loss in contrast in the image due to diffraction effects of the obstruction as well as diffraction spikes caused by most secondary support structures.
On 4 June 1967, a British Midland International Canadair C-4 Argonaut (registration G-ALHG) was inbound from Palma and crashed near the centre of Stockport after loss of engine power due to fuel problems and an aborted approach to Manchester Airport, with 72 fatalities.
However, Al-Husayni's death is said to have led to a loss of morale among his forces.
The refund contains the deposit and the value that remained on the card three hours after the loss is reported, minus a HK$30 card cost and a HK$20 handling fee.
The decision was taken to close the City Road studios and relocate to a smaller purpose-built complex housing a newsroom and studio, resulting in the loss of up to 30 jobs.
The probable cause of the crash was loss of control on takeoff due to ice and snow adhering to the aircraft.
The ferry operator said in a letter to residents that annual fuel expenses had risen from HK$20 million in 2001 to a projected HK$80 million this year and it had been operating at a deficit, with an accumulated loss of more than HK$120 million since 2001.
The situation worsened in 1828 when the war in the south ended with Brazil's loss of Cisplatina, which would become the independent republic of Uruguay.
After going 0-for-3 with a strikeout in the Rockies' 8-0 road loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers on May 21, 1993 (a rare start and, even more rare, only the fourth time all season he was in a game from the first pitch to the final out), Murphy did not play in the next 4 games.
Jim Bunning (named to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1996) was the winning pitcher while Bill Stoneman took the loss.
A loss to the Calgary Flames not only kept the North Stars out of the playoffs, but also assured them of the worst record in the league.
On 8 April 2013, Abu Ghaith's attorneys were considering a request for change of venue, since New York City received the greatest loss from the attacks on 11 September 2001.
The next few years saw a considerable loss of revenue and influence for the northern tribes.
His parents have become cold and withdrawn towards him after the loss of their youngest son, and he secretly hopes the death of the murderer will awaken his parents to his presence again.
 Loss of license "in the news"
 the level of destruction involved in the ship's loss
His final appearance in a Vikings uniform was mop-up duty late in a playoff loss to San Francisco.
However, two bad snaps on special teams led to a 19–16 loss.
Kawiti initially refused to sign the Treaty of Waitangi on 6 February 1840, believing that it would inevitably lead to further European encroachment and the loss of Māori land.
The French army arrived by sea under the command of general Charles Oudinot, and, despite an early loss to Garibaldi, the French, with the help of the Austrians, eventually defeated the Roman Republic.
Those who refused military service were subject to fines or loss of their land.
In most susceptible mammals, the clinical signs include fever, lethargy, loss of appetite, signs of sepsis, and possibly death.
BLsMaximum blood loss without ANH before homologous blood transfusion is required
These claims were denied by Air New Zealand, noting it had funded Ansett's loss of A$180 million in the last year.
Despite the loss of Martin, Seger's 1978 album Stranger in Town was also a success.
In the time between power loss and RAT deployment, batteries are used.
Since 2002 it has been listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List as it is widely distributed although threatened by habitat loss and hunting in parts of its range.
It is doubtful if australopithecines and earlier Homo were sufficiently mobile to make hair loss an advantageous trait, whereas H. ergaster was clearly adapted for long-distance travel and noted for inhabiting lower altitudes (and open, hot savannah environments) than their ancestors.
 Skin atrophy – loss of elasticity, the skin resembles tissue paper, 'lizard skin' appearance
He was never at a loss, and no counsel was more adept at preparing the way to meet the difficulties of the case."
— emphasized the Social Darwinist themes of ethnic crisis and loss of national territory, but many considered these too far from the usual themes of ceremonial music to be acceptable.
Prominent film critic Roger Ebert voiced the grief of many Chicagoans at the loss of Field's when he wrote in his column on September 21, 2005:
There was a loss of interest in sports and performance cars from 1972 onward, and newly mandated safety and emissions regulations caused many American cars to become heavy and suffer from drivability problems.
Many power poles in Puerto Rico held a disproportionate number of electrical conductors, resulting in greater power loss than would otherwise be expected for the conditions experienced.
In a public statement during one healing Mass on 13 May 2008, Aquino said that her blood tests indicated that she was responding well to treatment, although her hair and appetite loss were apparent.
A commercial failure, the brand was a significant financial loss for RJR and was quickly taken off the market.
 Loss of sensation in the nipple or breast skin;
Three days later, Iron Man approaches Mary Jane Watson in Grant Park while she is mourning the loss of her club and offers her a job working for him.
Germany's overseas colonies were divided between a number of Allied countries, most notably the United Kingdom in Africa, but it was the loss of the territory that composed the newly independent Polish state, including the German city of Danzig and the separation of East Prussia from the rest of Germany, that caused the greatest outrage.
The default tax status for LLCs with multiple members is as a partnership, which is required to report income and loss on IRS Form 1065.
Citing Bridge to Terabithia in particular, the committee noted that "Paterson's unflinching yet redemptive treatment of tragedy and loss helped pave the way for ever more realistic writing for young people."
The vessel was a total loss, but there were no reported injuries, and no pollution to the waterway.
After evidence was submitted to Lloyd's of London for the loss, they paid Zapata for the claim.
Daily exposure to noise at such levels for as little as 30 minutes can lead to hearing loss.
As he himself explained, the sadness over his loss had finally caught up with him.
Dead in the water, she sank stern first, with the loss of 250 officers and men.
In keeping with his traditionalist stance, he saw this process as one of gradual decay in which the human life world began to encroach gradually on the divine with an attendant growth of sentimentality and loss of meaning.
However, Ford does cite several system limitations regarding fuel loss and impact speeds.
Although methotrexate for autoimmune diseases is taken in lower doses than it is for cancer, side effects such as hair loss, nausea, headaches, and skin pigmentation are still common.
It has featured critical segments on gun control, astrology, Feng Shui, environmental issues, PETA, weight loss, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the war on drugs.
On October 31, 2011, a Gulfstream G150 carrying NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick ran off the end of Key West's runway after experiencing a loss in braking action upon landing.
Risk factors for gallstones include birth control pills, pregnancy, a family history of gallstones, obesity, diabetes, liver disease, or rapid weight loss.
With the loss of apparatus which occurred as a result of the September 11 attacks, FDNY began to use engines made by other companies, including Ferrara, KME, and E-One.
After being discharged from the Naval Reserve because of his partial loss of hearing, Kottke attended St.
Dev achieved his best test bowling performance in a loss at Motera Stadium, Ahmedabad with a return of 9/83.
Here the pixies were victorious and still visit the area, whilst the fairies are said to have left after their loss.
Moreover, the massive demand for men to fight in the war meant that few Glaswegian families escaped personal loss of some kind.
Shortly after their takeoff and at a very low altitude, the Piper Cherokee banked abruptly to port, with an extreme increase in the rate of turn and corresponding loss of altitude; the wing hit a tree and sheared off, and the out-of-control plane flipped over and crashed into an earthen bank, bursting into flames.
Despite the loss of their language, the ethnic group remains distinct, and has left a lasting impression on the American West.
Duration of flow:- During high flow rates heat loss is faster than rewarming, and gas temperature will drop.
Nonetheless, the hub operated at a loss even during its heyday in the early 1990s, like the similarly sized hub American had at Raleigh/Durham.
Along the Outer Banks, navigational challenges posed by the Diamond Shoals area off Cape Hatteras, caused the loss of thousands of ships and an unknown number of human lives.
The nationalistic Gheg chieftains and the Tosk landowners often came to terms with the Italians, and later the Germans, to prevent the loss of their wealth and power.
It was reported that "A shaft twelve foot by ten had been sunk seventy-seven fathoms" (141 metres) "(the deepest a pit had been sunk in any part of Europe) to a three-yard thick coal seam (the Main Band) in twenty-three months, using thirty barrels of gunpowder, and without any loss of life or limb by the workforce'.
Hearing the news of the loss of the Rhine legions, Galba panicked.
Perry assessed Petra's game while losing the first set of the final and won the next three for the loss of seven games.
Biogenic sulfuric acid reacts with sewerage materials and most generally causes mass loss, cracking of the sewer pipes and ultimately, structural collapse.
Santo was deeply saddened by the loss of teammate Ken Hubbs, the Cubs second baseman, killed in a plane crash just prior to the 1964 season.
While it was a major success every free movie cost the company two dollars, but the hope was that it would attract enough new subscribers to cover the loss.
The loss of a tempo with 9...h6 gives White enough time to complete the Nbd2–f1–g3 manoeuver, and the pawn move can also weaken Black's kingside.
The musket shots hit Hindman in the jaw, throat, and hands, and he died eight hours later due to significant blood loss.
As of August 2015, with the loss of area air defence and (temporarily) resupply capabilities, the RCN was then classified as a Rank 5 navy (offshore regional coastal defence) on the Todd-Lindberg navy classification system of naval strength, dropping from Rank 3 (multiregional power projection) in 2005.
The cyclicity of the vacuum demanded by the Wightman axioms means that they describe only the superselection sector of the vacuum; again, that is not a great loss of generality.
Rain events can trigger dissolved glyphosate loss in transport-prone soils.
At the time, P-Orridge was in Thailand undertaking famine relief work; fearing arrest and loss of child custody upon return to the UK, P-Orridge stayed out of the country for several years, settling in the United States.
The trees once hid the house from passers-by on U.S. Route 70, but their loss left the mansion in plain sight.
Whitmore professed no regret that Tauranga-ika had been taken without resistance: "My object was to gain possession of the district and if I could do this without loss and without putting too heavy a strain on my raw troops they would be encouraged."
The bone loss leads to some degree of collapse and deformity of the femoral head and sometimes secondary changes to the shape of the hip socket.
This theme is visited throughout the album, which is lyrically filled with childhood recollections of loss, displacement, anger and hopelessness.
Class 2 Operations where loss of position keeping capability may cause personnel injury, pollution, or damage with large economic consequences.
Carter's only touchdown came on December 17 at the Rams; his 74-yard touchdown run that clinched home-field advantage for the 49ers constituted roughly one-sixth of his productivity in terms of yardage on the ground, and he lost four fumbles at home the following Sunday in a 13–10 loss to the Saints.
For example, if some property P(x,y) of real numbers is known to be symmetric in x and y, namely that P(x,y) is equivalent to P(y,x), then in proving that P(x,y) holds for every x and y, one may assume, "without loss of generality", that x ≤ y.
Not closing the back mostly results in a loss.
The considerable loss felt by the English literary community at his death was evident from the elegies that it inspired.
PAL forecast its net profits would reach $32.32 million for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2008, a profit goal of $26.28 million in 2009, and an expected $47.41 million for 2010, but these proved difficult to achieve, and a large loss was announced in early 2009 causing some concern.
Since the overall phase is not determined in quantum mechanics, without loss of generality, in time-independent theory it can be assumed that  is purely real.
A larger than expected response resulted in the temporary loss of functionality for Via's website.
Prior had pitched a scoreless game up to this point, but the Florida Marlins went on to win the series in seven games after an eighth inning eight-run rally in that game, in which Prior received the loss.
It has been falsely rumored that a Desilu loss during this time was Carol Burnett, who declined to star in a sitcom for the studio in favor of The Carol Burnett Show, a weekly variety show that lasted 11 seasons.
The Yugoslav wars and consequent loss of market, as well as mismanagement and/or non-transparent privatization, brought further economic trouble for all the former republics of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
There are two ways to diagnose RBD:  by documenting a history of complex, dream-enactment sleep behaviors, or by polysomnography recording of these behaviors along with REM sleep atonia loss.
Despite the loss, Leicester remained unbeaten at home in the 2016–17 Champions League.
Yodel (which operates via Home Delivery Network Ltd.) suffered a £130 million loss in 2011.
An impairment loss is determined by subtracting the asset's fair value from the asset's book/carrying value.
Also, in the U.S. a loss on the sale of the taxpayer's principal residence or other personal assets is not allowed as a deduction except to the extent due to casualty or theft.
Absorption is the loss of energy that occurs when a sound wave reflects off of a surface, and refers to both the sound energy transmitted through and dissipated by the surface material.
In 1656, Admiral Robert Blake totally destroyed a Spanish silver fleet of 16 ships for the loss of none of his own, despite being under fire from shore batteries and attacking and withdrawing on the tide.
More severe consequences can include suffocation, loss of consciousness, coma, and death.
The Cinque Ports indeed later sank with the loss of most of her crew.
Dave Bartlett and Vanessa Hunt, the two paramedics who were called to the scene of Kelly's death, have since spoken publicly with their opinion that there was not enough blood at the location to justify the belief that he had died from blood loss.
Although Zambrano was not pitching at the time the runs were scored, he was charged with the loss, as the base runners who scored were his responsibility.
He also supported local civic organizations, including the Union Rescue Mission, the Scottish Rite Masons (who awarded him its highest honor of the Grand Cross), and the Lions World Services for the Blind, whose training school in Little Rock he completed in 1999 following the loss of his vision due to macular degeneration.
However, after both the September 11 attacks and Hurricane Sandy, special Newark–33rd Street services were operated to compensate for the complete loss of service to Lower Manhattan.
This was notably used to give Bad News Brown his first WWF loss at a Madison Square Garden house show before it was discarded altogether.
Unsubstantiated reports suggest Microsoft vendor Hitachi, Danger's storage area network (SAN) provider may have had a part in the temporary data loss.
Lex blames Superboy for destroying his experiment and his hair loss, accusing the Boy of Steel of jealousy over his brilliance.
According to Hunt's widow and other children, the two sons took advantage of Hunt's loss of lucidity by coaching and exploiting him for financial gain and furthermore falsified accounts of Hunt's supposed confession.
However, when the loss of a final vowel would result in an impossible final cluster (e.g.
Following the loss, Roddy Piper defeated Mountie with a sleeper hold two days later at the 1992 Royal Rumble, and Bret later pinned Piper for his second Intercontinental Championship at WrestleMania VIII later that year, making him the first wrestler in the WWF – and one of few wrestlers ever – to pin Piper's shoulders to the mat.
Sable was his valet at WrestleMania XII and after his loss to The Ultimate Warrior, as part of the storyline, he took his aggressions out on her.
Despondent over the loss, Warren escapes the hospital and commandeers his private jet.
On December 8, 2005, Brown announced she had experienced severe and sudden hearing loss in both ears and she had not heard another person's voice in six months.
The loss of the VFA's strongest three clubs to the VFL in 1925 firmly cemented the VFA as the second-tier competition in the state.
On the April 4 episode of Raw, McMahon gloated about Shane's loss at WrestleMania the previous night, before Shane came out, accepted his defeat and said goodbye, leading McMahon to allow Shane to run that nights show, after feeling upstaged by his son.
Aphasia is the loss or impairment of word comprehension or use.
Five days later, Sutcliffe pitched the final game of the series at Jack Murphy Stadium, but posted the loss after giving up four runs in the seventh inning.
If the algorithm is implemented using floating-point arithmetic, then α should get the opposite sign as the k-th coordinate of  where  is to be the pivot coordinate after which all entries are 0 in matrix As final upper triangular form, to avoid loss of significance.
His final NBA game was a loss against Derrick Rose and the Chicago Bulls on February 20, 2010.
The building may be sold in order for the state to recuperate the loss brought to it as a result of the fraudulent privatization of the Institute for Alimentary Research in 2003.
Playing first board for England in the London 1927 Olympiad, he scored 3 wins, 8 draws, and 1 loss (58.4%), leading the English team to what author Árpád Földeák calls an "unexpected but well deserved" third-place finish.
The chlorohydrin process was unattractive for several reasons, including low efficiency and loss of valuable chlorine into calcium chloride.
If the question of socialism was to be posed in Germany, it was essential that we overcome the country's "special loss of identity" ("Identitätsverlust") after World War II, so that we too could "look outwards ... both feet on our ground".
The Paveway III system used a much more sophisticated seeker with a wider field of view and proportional guidance, minimizing the energy loss of course corrections.
JPMorgan Chase analyst Joseph Nadol estimated the program's cash loss to be $45 million per airplane, decreasing as the program moves forward.
The story concerns a retired industrialist suffering from the decline in his mental faculties and the loss of the camaraderie which he used to enjoy with colleagues.
Despite the disapproval of their hard-as-nails Drill Sergeant Cass (Gregory Hines), and the loss of one of the trainees, Pvt.
In the revolution's wake, the cavalry suffered the greatest from the loss of experienced aristocratic officers and NCOs still loyal to the Ancien Régime.
Bradshaw remained undefeated for three months until a loss to The Undertaker via disqualification on the April 1 episode of Raw.
The 19th-century French writer Arnold Boscowitz claimed that "great loss of life and property occurred upon the coasts of Cornwall."
The loss rate for the bombers was expected to be fifty per cent.
Some had even called for his execution after the loss of Menorca (historically called "Minorca" by the British) in 1756.
By July 2009 the house and outbuildings were the subject of ongoing financial and legal problems that resulted in their complete repossession and the apparent loss of deposits by a number of people.
Parties can always attempt to be better informed, but if achieving new information is too costly, and the threat of economic loss from the contract is too great, screening methodologies suggest not participating in the contract at all.
The instrumental tracks were found to mirror the show's tone perfectly, evoking feelings of sorrow and loss.
However, Cervantes came out of retirement due to financial problems and went on boxing until 1983, winning four fights and dropping his last one, a ten-round decision loss to Danny Sanchez on December 9, 1983, at Miami.
Adria sold its shares in Adria Tehnika, to Ljubljana Airport and to the Government, to cover part of the loss.
Silvia deeply mourns the loss of Valentine, who Proteus has told her is rumoured dead.
 Subjective loss of control over how much or what is eaten
In this particular case, cognitive symptoms included insomnia, anxiety, difficulties in concentration, loss of memory for the immediate past, and gradual degeneration of mental state; consisting of confusion, confabulation, and hallucinations.
Several artists drew and painted the terraces before their loss in 1886, most notably Charles Blomfield who visited on more than one occasion.
 Corneal abrasion -  a medical condition involving the loss of the surface epithelial layer of the eye's cornea as a result of trauma to the surface of the eye.
Over the next few months, Kane was involved in sporadic singles matches on episodes of SmackDown, including a loss to CM Punk in May in a qualifying match for the World Heavyweight Championship match for the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view event.
In his later years, he suffered from not only some hearing loss but also sight deterioration due to cataracts.
(IAS 1.88) Some IFRSs require or permit that some components to be excluded from profit or loss and instead to be included in other comprehensive income.
He suffered just one loss as a senior, a 63-62 defeat in a state semi-final game against Columbus North.
While mainly employed to stop blood loss, it was also used in cases of tooth extraction and as a treatment for mental illness.
In total, around 80 to 150 Māori were killed at Ōrākau for the loss of only 16 British soldiers with a further 53 wounded.
managerial techniques, such as profit and loss
Loss of Official Party Status 
Possible side effects include necrosis of the digits, nail loss, and Raynaud syndrome.
After the loss to Nogueira, Cro Cop scored back to back first-round TKO's of Ron Waterman and Yoshihisa Yamamoto.
However, greater reliance on lip-reading may not always make good the effects of age-related hearing loss.
He announced his retirement from professional snooker following his loss to Stephen Maguire in the quarter-finals.
In the operation time of 1944 and 1945, the ANR managed to shoot down 262 Allied aircraft with the loss of 158 in action.Aircraft of the Aces 34 Apostolo: Italian Aces of World War 2
At an unknown beach, Doctor Octopus helped Sandman with his loss of direction and promised to solve Sandman's immortality problem.
Some consonant clusters originate from the loss of a vowel in between two consonants, usually (but not always) due to vowel reduction caused by lack of stress.
An investor or speculator may "buy protection" to hedge the risk of default on a bond or other debt instrument, regardless of whether such investor or speculator holds an interest in or bears any risk of loss relating to such bond or debt instrument.
Additionally, some women may also experience loss of libido and breast pain, particularly when prolactin levels rise initially, as the hormone promotes tissue changes in the breast.
Imbalances caused gold to flow out of the US and a loss of confidence in the United States ability to supply gold for all future claims by dollar holders resulted in escalating demands to convert dollars, ultimately causing the US to end the convertibility of the dollar into gold, thus ending the Bretton Woods system.
That is, the blade should protrude above the piece as little as possible, to prevent the loss of a finger in case of a sawing accident.
Following the loss of the Thirteen Colonies, Sydney, as Home Secretary in the Pitt Government, was given responsibility for devising a plan to settle convicts at Botany Bay.
This causes a body weight loss of 25 to 35%, which stimulates the hen to lose her feathers, but also reinvigorates egg-production.
Increasingly viewing his work with Gilbert as unimportant, beneath his skills and repetitious, Sullivan had intended to resign from the partnership with Gilbert and Richard D'Oyly Carte after Iolanthe, but after a recent financial loss, he concluded that his financial needs required him to continue writing Savoy operas.
Wright paid tribute to Mackerras, saying "Sir Charles was a great conductor and his loss will be deeply felt by musicians and audiences alike", while Rory Jeffes of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra said that Australia had "lost a living treasure".
With the Tibetans retreating from their positions, the invasion was concluded without loss to either side.
Both L. l. bauri  and L. l. menzbieri adult survival rates decreased between 2005 and 2012, probably because of the loss of intertidal staging areas in the Yellow Sea.
The Seafires' best day was 15 August 1945, shooting down eight attacking aircraft for one loss.
12 October 1976 – Indian Airlines Flight 171, a Caravelle VI-N, crashed at Santacruz Airport following a loss of control caused by an uncontained engine failure and in-flight fire, killing all 95 on board.
In 1898, writer Morgan Robertson wrote the short novel Futility, or the Wreck of the Titan, which features a British ocean liner Titan that hits an iceberg and sinks in the North Atlantic with great loss of lives.
Haifa and Tel Aviv have competed against each other for the championship title, and Haifa beat Maccabi Tel Aviv in a number of games, including a 10–0 win in 1988 - a game seen as a "revenge" for the loss of 2–10 in 1949 (another large defeat, at 0–7, took place in 1952).
In addition to diphthongs, Old French had many instances of hiatus between adjacent vowels because of the loss of an intervening consonant.
The main cause of the steep declines in much of Europe is the loss of nests and chicks from early mowing.
In 1183, the Taira loss at the Battle of Kurikara was so severe that they found themselves, several months later, under siege in Kyoto, with Yoshinaka approaching the city from the north and Yukiie from the east.
In 1828 he fell in love with Fanny Greipl, but after a relationship lasting five years, her parents forbade further correspondence, a loss from which he never recovered.
Avian predation is the most common cause of egg loss in the pigeon guillemot.
The species is endemic to central Madagascar, and threatened by severe habitat loss and collection for the international pet trade.
Half of body heat is not lost through the head, and covering the head is no more effective at preventing heat loss than covering any other portion of the body.
However, many communities outside of Galveston also suffered serious damage, with several cities reporting a near or complete loss of all buildings or homes, including Alta Loma, Alvin, Angleton, Brazoria, Brookshire, Chenango, El Campo, Pearland, and Richmond.
Physical punishment of his son caused the chief to suffer a loss of face (or "mana"), and to Māori this warranted a violent retribution.
Napoleon deeply felt the loss of one of his truest friends while the remaining Marshals considered it a good death for a soldier.
A clear explanation for this is lacking, although it may be related to habitat loss due to human development and agriculture.
The reason for its abandonment is usually given as the failure of the water supply, though Akbar's loss of interest may also have been the reason since it was built solely on his whim.
Obstacles to these social reforms included a severe drought in 1814, causing widespread loss of crops and livestock.
Tourism development at Gouara-Déva requires land for development causing further habitat loss.
Niekro's playoff loss came against Seaver.
Further, the recent description of several extinct genera within the Araucariaceae points to complex relationships within the family and a significant loss of diversity since the Cretaceous.
Almost always these electronic versions are available to subscribers immediately upon publication of the paper version, or even before; sometimes they are also made available to non-subscribers, either immediately (by open access journals) or after an embargo of anywhere from two to twenty-four months or more, in order to protect against loss of subscriptions.
Following a first-round loss at the 1993 US Open, she took a 14-month break from competitive pro tennis.
The most controversial point of his tenure as CGS was the restructuring of the regiment system and amalgamation of many regiments into larger ones, leading to the loss of historic regiment names.
The Abbey fell into decline with the loss of Northumbrian power in the early 8th Century, and it was probably destroyed during a sea raid by Vikings on Hartlepool in the 9th Century.
It is threatened by habitat loss, fragmentation, and poaching.
This results in a loss of function in inhibitory neurons within the CNS resulting in systemic muscular contractions.
He stood upright for several minutes until he collapsed and lay unconscious from loss of blood.
He was instrumental in setting up the Nashua Foundation, which helped the city recover from the loss of textile mills in the 1950s, by recruiting new industry, including defense electronics firms and, later, Digital Equipment Corp.
The Russian Government sold Yukos's main production unit, known as Yuganskneftegas, at auction on December 19, 2004 to recover some of US$28 billion in alleged tax debts, following the loss of an appeal by the firm.
Habitat loss has been a concern for the species, but the introduction of the West Nile virus has been seen to be further increasing mortality.
In 2012, she faced a class-action lawsuit alleging false advertising; the suit claimed that her weight loss was the result of exercise, including training for the TV show Dancing With the Stars, not Organic Liaison products.
He was fired, however, following the sixth game of the season that ended in a loss to Vanderbilt.
Shortly after the club's 1–0 loss against Dagenham & Redbridge on 26 November 2013, businessmen Krishna Ganeshan and Chann Sankaran and three Whitehawk players—Michael Boateng, Moses Swaibu and Hakeem Adelakun—were charged with conspiracy to commit bribery over a failed plot to fix the game.
This species is in decline because of loss of habitat; their range has shrunk.
Bad weather aggravated the loss by causing delays in troop movements, allowing a substantial number of PAVN to escape to safety in Laos.
The loss of Berthier's skills at Waterloo was keenly felt by Napoleon, as he later stated succinctly:
With the loss of foreign distributors and the rise of the monopolistic Studio system, Vitagraph was slowly but surely being squeezed out of the business.
Additionally, it can be diagnosed through sarcopenia, or loss of skeletal muscle mass.
The sixth Cup Final loss was also the club's fifth final appearance in eleven years.
On May 12, Wakefield recorded his 2,000th career strikeout against Vernon Wells of the Toronto Blue Jays in a 3–2 loss.
On 12 October 1967, Cyprus Airways Flight 284 operated by BEA de Havilland Comet 4B G-ARCO on behalf of Cyprus Airways, exploded in mid-air over the Mediterranean and crashed into the sea with the loss of all 66 on board.
After the loss West was seen as the ultimate tragic hero: after the game, Bill Russell held his hand, and John Havlicek said: "I love you, Jerry".
Individuals with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency have been found to be particularly susceptible to bronchiectasis, due to the loss of inhibition to enzyme elastase which cleaves elastin.
It also provides a cushion between the hard carbide tip and the hard steel, which softens impact and prevents tip loss and damage—much as a vehicle's suspension helps prevent damage to the tires and the vehicle.
He would also wrestle Lord Steven Regal in a five-match series under Marquess of Queensberry Rules, which aired on WCW Worldwide between April 30 and May 28, in which Flair won the series, with 2 wins, 1 loss, and 2 draws.
Despite the loss of the additional history of Manasseh and Ephraim, several modern-day groups claim descent from them, with varying levels of academic and rabbinical support.
Investor protection through individual is the strategy that one utilizes to minimize loss.
Shortly after this loss, the National Party removed Muldoon from the leadership.
In 1650, George Brydges, 6th Baron Chandos received some financial compensation for the loss of the castle.
The existence of this conure is threatened by habitat loss.
Lafleur scored twice against Patrick Roy, to heavy applause, during the Rangers' 7–5 loss to the Canadiens, and was awarded the first star of the game.
Population growth may be limited by lack of suitable habitat, and there may be local declines due to loss of conifers through storms or replacement by plantations of native deciduous trees.
NOAA determined that the factors influencing any change in conservancy status of the bearded seal may include: loss of sea ice by climate change, bycatch from commercial fishing gear, and hunting.
More recent analysis of Shanidar 1 by Washington University Professor Erik Trinkaus and Dr. Sébastien Villotte of the French National Centre for Scientific Research confirm that bony growths in his ear canals would have resulted in extensive hearing loss.
After Coverdell's loss in 1977, he began working to develop a base for national Republican candidates and a viable statewide Republican Party organization.
He was placed back into the rotation on June 3, 2008, to start in a loss against the Oakland Athletics.
Mexico was eliminated from the group in a 6–0 loss to Germany in Portland, having been outshot 43–2 and unable to force a save from German goalkeeper Silke Rottenberg until the 89th minute.
Such parallelism can be especially advantageous for resource discovery in an ad-hoc wireless network because a randomized skip list can be made robust to the loss of any single node.
I doubt anyone could estimate how long we would have been in the yard had we gone back to the States, and the loss of the Randolph at that particular time would have been crucial.
The selection of Houston actually took many higherups at Langley by surprise and caused some lingering controversy in the surrounding area over the loss and transfer of so many jobs to Houston.
Some evidence suggests that low to moderate alcohol consumption may speed up brain volume loss.
Loss of local government power to state government 
These wounds can cause serious hydroelectrolytic and metabolic alterations including fluid loss, electrolyte imbalances, and increased catabolism
Some people have cravings for salty foods due to the loss of sodium through their urine.
By January 1960, Vickers was experiencing financial difficulties and was concerned that it would not be able to deliver the 35 VC10s without making a loss.
In 1791, Mary Berry wrote of the Duchess of Devonshire's loss of £50,000 in stocks, "the conversation of the town" that her name was to be "posted up as a lame duck".
It is commonly accepted that the loss of Riboflavin has to do with the preparation for freezing rather than the freezing process itself.
His next two appearances both ended in upset defeats to the New York Giants; the first loss in 2007's Super Bowl XLII also prevented Brady and the Patriots from obtaining a perfect 19–0 season.
2017: Third MVP and loss in Super Bowl LII
This is far from the case; though the church became very wealthy over the Middle Ages and was prepared at times to spend lavishly on art, there was also much secular art of equivalent quality which has suffered from a far higher rate of wear and tear, loss and destruction.
Prosopis species cause land erosion due to loss of grassland that are habitats for native plants and animals.
The blow broke one of Knepper's teeth, ruined his embouchure and resulted in the loss of the top octave of his range on the trombone for almost two years.
Limb loss has occurred relatively recently, in the past 3.6 million years or so.
After many setbacks including a change in record label, and the loss of Didz Hammond, the band's third album was significantly delayed.
The Scarsdale diet is a high-protein low-carbohydrate fad diet designed for weight loss created in the 1970s by Herman Tarnower, named for the town in New York where he practiced cardiology, described in the book The Complete Scarsdale Medical Diet plus Dr. Tarnower's Lifetime Keep-Slim Program, which Tarnower wrote with self-help author Samm Sinclair Baker.
Due to loss in viewership, KBS2 experienced major decline in their ratings, majorly affecting shows like Brain at the time.
They include spinal or epidural bleeding, adhesive arachnoiditis and trauma to the spinal cord or spinal nerve roots resulting in weakness or loss of sensation, or even paraplegia.
If the antenna is connected to an electrical load such as a radio receiver, the power received from radio waves striking the antenna is divided proportionally between the radiation resistance and loss resistance of the antenna and the load resistance.
Faced with a choice between economic collapse and withdrawal from its recent conquests (with its attendant loss of face), the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters (GHQ) began planning for a war with the Western powers in April or May 1941.
Stringing the power lines from tree to tree down the street, in March 1886 Stanley powered the system up and was able to expand it to the point where it could light 23 businesses along Main Street with very little power loss over .
Due to a number of factors, the exact nature of which are subject to dispute, this project was considered a steep loss in profit and productivity.
In youth, dendritic spine turnover is relatively high and produces a net loss of spines.
This loss of information loses energy to the surrounding area as heat, because of thermodynamic entropy (Landauer's principle).
After the Peace of Zsitvatorok and the crushing loss in the 1603–18 war with Persia, Sultan Ahmed I decided to build a large mosque in Istanbul to reassert Ottoman power.
Signal termination often requires the installation of a terminator at the beginning and end of a wire or cable to prevent an RF signal from being reflected back from each end, causing interference, or power loss.
Affected children may show red cheeks, nose and lips, loss of hair, teeth, and nails, transient rashes, hypotonia (muscle weakness), and increased sensitivity to light.
A season ending loss to Minnesota in 1992 gave Fry just his second losing season in the last 12 years, as Iowa finished with a 5–7 record.
Nestlings also suffer from parasites, like blow-flies of the genus Protocalliphora, which results in a loss of blood by nestlings.
Germany has no strategic bombers, but her air factors may bomb London - those which survive combat with the RAF (which receives +1 DRM for this kind of combat) each inflict 1 BRP loss.
This loss made him drop out of the top 20 for the first time since August 2001.
Rachel Day of Geek Speak magazine praised Combs' acting on Charmed, noting that the scenes of Piper grieving over the loss of Prue in the season four episode "Hell Hath No Fury" was "superbly done" and showcased her "anger and pain at Pru[e]'s death."
Danny Barker and Louis Armstrong said that it was a great loss to jazz history that there are no recordings of Petit.
Cena blamed his personal and professional troubles on his loss to The Rock the previous year, going so far as admitting his own vanity had cost him the match.
Bradley's run came to an end in the Sweet Sixteen with a loss to the University of Memphis.
After her death, Desi Arnaz remarked, "It’s bad enough to lose one of the great artists we had the honor and the pleasure to work with, but it’s even harder to reconcile the loss of one of your best friends."
Later that year, Dokic played in the qualifying tournament for Wimbledon, where she received a wildcard but suffered a three-set loss to Alexandra Stevenson.
As the cardinality of  is greater than or equal to the cardinality of , one may replace  with , that is, one may suppose, without loss of generality, that  is a basis.
This system, while it would be scaled back after the War of the Eight Princes and the loss of northern China, would remain in place as a Jin institution for the duration of the dynasty's existence, and would be adopted by the succeeding Southern dynasties as well.
Shaw suffered significant loss after the 1998 Russia bond default.
Its bold headlines and large photographs provoked a radical redesign at the Standard, which also suffered the loss of a great many reporters, sub-editors, and advertising to the Eastern Express, tempted by its boasts of generous pay.
In 1791–92, large areas of the Maratha Confederacy suffered massive population loss due to the Doji bara famine.
The conditions in which prisoners were held were "appalling", and led to the widespread loss of life amongst detainees.
To show that a non-trivial intersection of two spheres is a circle, assume (without loss of generality) that one sphere (with radius ) is centered at the origin.
However, the range in much of Europe is contracting because of land drainage, increased fertiliser use, the loss of mown or grazed breeding sites, and over-hunting.
Near loss of SOHO 
Following a loss of royal patronage at the beginning of the 19th century, West began a series of large-scale religious works.
Artifact recovery on Andrea Doria has resulted in additional loss of life.
Retinitis pigmentosa (RP) is a genetic disorder of the eyes that causes loss of vision.
The loss of employment opportunities was further compounded in the 1930s as the government completed rail and road projects, in addition to the cutting of government work budgets.
With these odds, a wager of $10 on each of all 18 starters would result in a net loss if either the favorite or the second favorite were to win.
Overweight for much of his adult life, Roddy later adopted a rigorous diet and exercise program  which resulted in a loss of close to 200 pounds.
In 2015, while May was Home Secretary, an 18% funding cut in the police force had taken place with the loss of around 20,000 police officers.
From 1936 to 1937 Remington Rand went on strike, which resulted in violence and the loss of jobs.
Stardust is individual solid grains that condensed during mass loss from various long-dead stars.
Andrzej Chwalba lists a number of ways in which the Polish military victory in reality turned out being a loss (the fundamental status quo – Poland's sovereign existence – had been preserved).
Mutations in the human sonic hedgehog gene SHH cause holoprosencephaly type 3 HPE3, as a result of the loss of the ventral midline.
A major theme of this film is loss of innocence and the coming of age of the Australian soldiers and of their country.
The prospective loss of the franchise brought Chelverton to the brink of collapse, and London News Radio (soon itself taken over by Reuters) bought LBC to keep it on air until the official handover date of October 1994.
Religious dissimulation or Taqiyya while maintaining mental reservation is considered lawful in Shi'ism "in situations where there is overwhelming danger of loss of life or property and where no danger to religion would occur thereby".
The decision to build a new leisure centre on this site was controversial, as it resulted in the loss of a public car park.
According to other opinions, the small size is due to a readjustment after the loss of two segments, as described in historical documents.
An attempt at Salafist expansion among the Muslim Chams in Vietnam has been halted by Vietnamese government controls, however, the loss of the Salafis among Chams has been to be benefit of Tablighi Jamaat.
The couple joined the Talmadges and the Schencks at the Ambassador Hotel on Park Avenue, with Constance filling the void left by the loss of her sister.
The species is declining due to habitat loss throughout its range.
As a result, his party successfully completed in five months a journey that had taken Eyre twelve and arrived in good health and without the loss of a single horse.
An op-ed of The Washington Post made the assertion that Castle's loss marked the end of the party legacy of Nelson Rockefeller.
This concerted fleeing of business and subsequent loss of thousands of jobs is believed to have hindered Quebec's economy and allowed Toronto to overtake Montreal as Canada's business centre.
The Allies now had new, harsher terms that included the retreat of France to its 1791 boundaries, which meant the loss of Belgium and the Rhineland (in Germany).
The RAF was convinced it was winning the air war, believing that the loss of 259 Spitfires over France in the first six months of 1942 were justified by the reported destruction of 197 German aircraft in the same period.
This was an unforeseen consequence of the Restoration Team using earlier edits of these episodes to minimize generational quality loss, made before certain effects were added.
The number of casualties from her loss is unknown.
Despite the loss of Viipuri on 20 June 1944, Oesch was able to pull the Finnish forces together.
In such a paradigm, no data is ever removed from the disk, so that the operation can be safely stopped even in the event of a power loss.
On 27 September in conditions of poor visibility, the Arctic collided with the French steamer Vesta, and sank with much loss of life, including Catherwood.
If this is not already the case then both A and B can be multiplied by this factor; the factor cancels so the terms are unchanged and there is no loss of generality.
Total loss of 12,530 MW affected approximately five million people on the west coast.
In 1876, aged thirty-seven or thirty-eight, Nicu Sr. was incapacitated by an unknown illness and died, leaving Nicolae and his younger brother George orphans—a loss which, the historian would recall in writing, dominated the image he had of his own childhood.
The subsequent investigation on the loss of Captain, in the form of a court-martial, under Sir James Hope, took place on board HMS Duke of Wellington, in Portsmouth Harbour.
This was almost certainly Australia's worst weather-related maritime disaster of the 20th century with the loss of the coastal steamer Koombana.
Italy's first defeat under Conte came ten games in to his empowerment from a 1–0 international friendly loss against Portugal on 16 June 2015.
Each game will see one win awarded and one loss awarded, except in the event that the competing teams tie in points scored for the week.
Its internal electronics could overheat, triggering an automatic shutdown of an engine with no option for inflight restart, and certain rare atmospheric conditions could cause a loss of engine thrust due to internal icing.
Tumors in the head of the pancreas typically also cause jaundice, pain, loss of appetite, dark urine, and light-colored stools.
As with all Accipiters, Cooper's hawks can presumably only withstand a certain level of loss of habitat before an area becomes essentially unlivable.
Phaethon must face his memories, the reasons for their loss, and his original dream of space exploration, risk, and enterprise in the face of a powerful, mysterious enemy and his Utopian society that treasures its present safety and stability above all else.
From the 13th/14th century to 1797, the area was part of the , the area in southwest Germany ruled by the Austrian Habsburgs, but the Breisgau, along with the rest of the Vorlande, was ceded by them to the former Duke of Modena, a relative, as compensation for his loss of his hereditary lands to the French Cisalpine Republic.
Much of Frank's subsequent work dealt with the impact of the loss of both his daughter and subsequently his son, who died in an Allentown, Pennsylvania hospital in 1994.
By November 1697 he was reconciled to the court, but he suffered the loss of his son and heir, Charles, through an accident to his coach in Wales in July 1698.
At the same time, CHUM announced plans to consolidate the master control departments for CKVR, CFPL, CHRO, CHWI and CKNX at 299 Queen Street West in Toronto, as well as the traffic and programming departments at CFPL, resulting in the loss of approximately nine staff members from CKVR.
In February 2005, CHUM announced plans to consolidate the master control operations for CFPL, CKVR, CHRO, CHWI and CKNX at 299 Queen Street West in Toronto, and consolidating the traffic and programming departments at CFPL in London, resulting in the loss of approximately 13 staff members from CFPL.
Until the 18th century, Catholics faced fines, loss of property and social exclusion, and Catholic priests were hunted down, imprisoned and martyred.
On 24 February 2022, Russia reported the loss of a Su-25 attack jet due to "pilot error."
Declines are mostly due to loss of quality habitat.
This loss of revenue, which would in turn have been used to purchase other goods from other firms, lowers demand for the products of firms in other sectors, causing an overall general reduction in output and thus lowering the demand for labour.
The loss of the original medieval bridge that it replaced caused controversy.
Glover was a signatory to the April 2003 anti-war letter "To the Conscience of the World" that criticized the unilateral American invasion of Iraq that led to "massive loss of civilian life" and "devastation of one of the cultural patrimonies of humanity".
Natural life course events, such as the loss of a job, or birth of a child can prompt involuntary down-shifting.
Dick becomes bitter from his loss.
Poor fishermen refuse to cut and destroy their nets because it would result in too great of an economic loss to save one Irrawaddy dolphin.
He lost the starting job after a 9-6 loss in the seventh game against the Arizona Cardinals, in which he engaged in a heated sideline argument with Jerry Jones.
This second election loss sealed Turner's fate; he would eventually resign in 1990, and was succeeded by Jean Chrétien, who proved to be a more effective leader.
Boreal woodland caribou from a regional population that is declining due to loss of habitat to forest logging range sometimes into the park, but their core habitat lies outside the park to the north.
Jason leaving is a huge loss both professionally and even more so personally ... Jason's energy and belief in what this band could achieve has made it what it is today, and we'll forever be grateful for his enthusiasm, dedication and inspiration over the years."
After the order was finally given to abandon the sinking ship, Madison, who had lapsed into unconsciousness from loss of blood, was lowered into a lifeboat.
In 1934, McCain was praised for loyalty and for performing his duties very well, but his fitness report said he suffered from nervousness, and he was treated for weight loss at Pearl Harbor Naval Hospital.
The result was a claim for restitution from the province of Manitoba, complaining about its loss of many military bases.
He scored his first goal for the club on May 20, 2007, converting a penalty kick in the 68th minute of a 2–1 loss to FC Dallas.
In 1621, Robert Burton published The Anatomy of Melancholy, which looked at the loss of important characters in one's life as leading to depression.
Kiedis and Flea, similarly devastated, were determined to persevere despite the loss of two key members.
Gen. Marsena Patrick: "[Hooker] acts like a man without a plan, & is entirely at a loss what to do, or how to match the enemy, or counteract his movements."
Hip dysplasia and progressive retinal atrophy (PRA) (a degeneration of the retina causing vision loss leading to blindness) are two such diseases for which veterinarians are working on genetic markers to determine carriers.
He also suffered from hearing loss.
Loss of land rights
NewLabour had been established by Jim Anderton, a former Labour MP who quit the party in protest over the economic reforms of Roger Douglas, which were often blamed for Labour's election loss in 1990.
The success of the raid was tempered by the loss of d'Ornano and a T patrol member.
Hot, humid climates cause an increase in heart rate and respiration which increases energy and water loss.
In May 2010, American Pop punk band A Loss for Words released their album Motown Classics, which featured their rendition of the song.
The village of Badioson (Βαδιοσών) where Eustace retires after the loss of his family is unknown, 
Two  pools with the largest man-made waterfalls in the United States comprise the footprints of the Twin Towers, symbolizing the loss of life and the physical void left by the attacks.
For example, when cytotoxic edema occurs in the endothelial cells of the blood-brain barrier, oncotic cell death contributes to loss of integrity of the blood-brain barrier and promotes the progression to vasogenic edema.
It was then found that local differences were present, since heat production and heat loss vary considerably in different parts of the body, although the circulation of the blood tends to bring about a mean temperature of the internal parts.
However, in 1939 the army declared that all modifications to the basic BAR be capable of being retrofitted to earlier M1918 guns with no loss of parts interchangeability.
It is primarily threatened by loss of habitat, habitat degradation, fragmentation and poaching.
Klitschko suffered an upset TKO loss to Sanders.
Postwar proponents of the Lost Cause movement, particularly Jubal Early, but also Maj. Gen. Isaac R. Trimble, who had been assigned to Ewell's staff during the battle, criticized him bitterly in attempts to deflect any blame for the loss of the battle on Robert E. Lee.
On 5 April, the jury of 11 found that a botched advance IRA telephone warning contributed to or caused the 21 deaths and that there had been no error or omission in the police response to the given warning call which might have limited the loss of life.
In the season opener against the Green Bay Packers, the Eagles and McNabb suffered a 16–13 loss.
Despite her confident attitude, Kana is actually very sensitive deep down and cares deeply for her friends, showing almost as much sadness as Rakka for Kuu's loss before grudgingly accepting it.
Ecosystem damage and loss of land
The only confirmed loss of the engagement was that of IAF Mig-21 and a IAF Mi-17 which was lost to a friendly fire.
This energy loss corresponds to decelerating the electron from a speed of about 1.3 million meters per second to zero.
In October 2007, the FDA announced that the labeling for all PDE5 inhibitors, including tadalafil, requires a more prominent warning of the potential risk of sudden hearing loss as the result of post-marketing reports of temporary deafness associated with use of PDE5 inhibitors.
In May 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, management informed staff that the Grafton Street café would close permanently "in the coming weeks", leading to the loss of 110 jobs.
With this loss his ranking went down to 64 for the first time since September 1999.
Leaving or excommunication from the Holdeman Mennonite church is usually considered as following a loss of salvation.
The nest is deep enough that the eggs sit about  below ground level, which helps to minimize heat loss from the cool breezes which occur at the latitudes where the species nests.
The United Kingdom alone suffered the loss of 11.7 million tons, which was 54% of the total Merchant Navy fleet at the outbreak of the Second World War.
In a large nuclear reactor, a loss of coolant accident can damage the core: for example, at Three Mile Island a recent shutdown (SCRAMed) PWR reactor was left for a length of time without cooling water.
In January 2009, RBS announced a loss of £28bn of which £20bn was due to the ABN AMRO acquisition.
Their run ended 37–2 with a loss to the North Carolina Tar Heels in the national championship game.
Whitt recorded his first career hit on September 21, hitting a home run off Jim Colborn of the Milwaukee Brewers in a 3–1 loss.
An imposing and high geological feature, it has served as a triangulation point for maps of the United Kingdom, and has also been the site of several shipwrecks, most infamously that of HMS Eurydice, which sank with the loss of 300 people aboard.
Despite the Russian Empire's loss of the Crimean war and being weakened economically and politically, Alexander II warned in 1856 against further concessions with the words, "forget any dreams".
Their final game before the March 2020 lockdown was a 3-1 loss away at Rochdale, Curtis Tilts only outing in a Rotherham shirt.
General St. Clair's defeat was the most severe loss ever inflicted upon an American army by Indians.
The Loss of the Austrians however greatly exceeds ours; they buried above 300 Men, in different Places, and sent 500 Wounded to Neustadt.
However, the population of the broader municipality has been on a steady rise, offsetting population loss within town limits.
There is extreme ambiguity in Eyak syntax, due in large part to homophony (as in the English loss of subjunctive) and lack of distinction (there is the same ambiguity in third-person singular as in English).
Ginevra prefers death to the loss of her honour (Aria:Sì, morrò).
In the field of health, for example, researchers might measure and study the relationship between dietary intake and measurable physiological effects such as weight loss, controlling for other key variables such as exercise.
The player must guide the frog between opposing lanes of traffic to avoid becoming roadkill, which results in a loss of a life.
A total of at least 56 Iranian crew were killed, while the U.S. suffered the loss of only one helicopter, which crashed apparently by accident, and its two pilots were killed.
The Union forces captured approximately 1,800 troops at Big Black, a loss that the Confederates could ill afford.
If Granby's grief at his son's loss was saddening, the crippling reductions to The Blues, according to William Pitt the Elder doomed "the bravest men the world ever saw to be sent to starve in country villages and forget their prowess."
The shark, when hunting adults, is most likely to ambush a seal with a damaging bite and wait until it is weakened by blood loss to finish the kill.
In 2004, Smoltz finished with 44 saves, but was frustrated with his inability to make an impact as a closer during another Braves' postseason loss.
The Royal National Institute of Blind People (RNIB) is a UK charity offering information, support and advice to almost two million people in the UK with sight loss.
Infection causes acute, non-bloody diarrhea with crampy abdominal pain, which can last for weeks and result in malabsorption and weight loss.
In addition to physical sickness, many of the enslaved became too depressed to eat or function efficiently due to loss of freedom, family, security, and their own humanity.
 Beautifully Flawed: retreat designed for young women ages 14–25 who have experienced traumatic limb loss.
Other interurban lines became, effectively, light rail systems with no street running whatsoever, or they became primarily freight-hauling railroads due to a progressive loss of their initial passenger service over the years.
Depressed at his new loss, Kang retreats from Earth.
As you and the people of Samoa mourn the loss of His Highess Malietoa Tanumafili II, please know that the people of the United States stand at your side."
Platinum use in drugs also may need to be reevaluated, as some of the side effects to these drugs include nausea, hearing loss, and nephrotoxicity.
Loss of coolant accidents (at least those considered in the design) would not cause large-scale fuel failure as the Magnox cladding would retain the bulk of the radioactive material, assuming the reactor was rapidly shutdown (a SCRAM), because the decay heat could be removed by natural circulation of air.
Jean Charest December 14, 1993 – April 29, 1995 (following Kim Campbell's loss of her seat in the general election and resignation and his own ratification as permanent leader)
The effects of nutmeg consumed in large doses are attributed mostly to myristicin, where 1–7 hours following ingestion symptoms include disorientation, giddiness, stupor, and/or stimulation of the central nervous system leading to euphoria, intense hallucinations that alter one's orientation to time and surroundings, feelings of levitation, loss of consciousness, tachycardia, weak pulse, anxiety, and hypertension.
Cognitive impairment, particularly due to heat and exercise is likely to be due to loss of integrity to the blood brain barrier.
Libido loss and erectile failure can occur during treatment with histamine H2 receptor antagonists such as cimetidine,  ranitidine, and risperidone.
In 1834, the Parti canadien presented its 92 resolutions, a series of political demands which expressed a genuine loss of confidence in the British monarchy.
On January 29, 2014, Nowitzki scored his 26,000th point in a 115–117 loss to the Houston Rockets.
In an interview, he stated his dissatisfaction with E's personality, and the loss of the amount of creative input that both Butch and himself had prior to the success of Beautiful Freak.
Dream responded to the loss by stating they will continue with their schedule as currently planned, including an event in Las Vegas, Pride 33: Second Coming which took place on February 24, 2007, Pride's second event outside Japan.
The next day, Good Friday, he defeated the 9,000 troops still loyal to Tewodros at the Battle of Magdala for the loss of only 2 British lives.
Stage 1 Stage 1, also known as induction, is the period between the administration of induction agents and loss of consciousness.
At the election later that year, Tudor led the ALP to a second heavy election loss – 26 seats out of 75.
In her role, she advocates for equal opportunities and better quality of life for people with hearing loss.
It is thought that the forces from the injury disrupt the normal cellular activities in the reticular activating system located in these areas and that this disruption produces the loss of consciousness often seen in concussion.
He may have been the first to use the term "cerebral concussion", and his definition of the condition, a transient loss of function with no physical damage, set the stage for the medical understanding of the condition for centuries.
At first, the least qualified (or most general) gun workers will be transferred into making more butter, and moving these workers has little impact on the opportunity cost of increasing butter production: the loss in gun production will be small.
Any difference indicates a loss
In late November 2016 surveys of 62 reefs showed that long term heat stress from climate change caused a 29% loss of shallow water coral.
Following the loss of its M4 contract in 2013, the reunited Colt was briefly in Chapter 11 bankruptcy, starting in 2015 and emerging in January 2016.
The least intrusive weight loss methods, and those most often recommended, are adjustments to eating patterns and increased physical activity, generally in the form of exercise.
Serious weight loss may reduce quality of life, impair treatment effectiveness or recovery, worsen disease processes and be a risk factor for high mortality rates.
This can cause weight loss.
UNRWA's definition of Other Registered Persons refer to "those who, at the time of original registration did not satisfy all of UNRWA’s Palestine refugee criteria, but who were determined to have suffered significant loss and/or hardship for reasons related to the 1948 conflict in Palestine; they also include persons who belong to the families of other registered persons."
Slower than the MiG, the F-84 was also unable to turn tightly with a maximum instantaneous-turn load of only 3 Gs followed by rapid loss of airspeed.
Two days later, his victim may have been the Bf 109G-4 of Leutnant Helmut Haberda (an experte of 5./JG 52 with 58 victories to his credit), though the Luftwaffe credited the loss to Soviet flak.
In that occasion, despite all her cargo was a total loss, the ship was salvaged and still sails.
This turned out to be Georgia's only loss of the season.
He would later add another hard-luck World Series loss four years later despite another stellar outing giving up one earned run and four hits in seven innings.
They can claim for the injury itself, loss of income, and relatives or dependents may recover small sums to reflect distress.
The concentration of sibutramine in these counterfeit products is at least twice the amount recommended for weight loss.
On 15 January 1977, Linjeflyg Flight 618, tail number SE-FOZ, crashed at Kälvesta on approach to Bromma, due to ice accretion on the tailplane leading to a loss of control.
It won just 8.7% of the vote and 16 seats, a net loss of 21 seats since 2015; it fell to third place, just narrowly outpolling the Social Liberals.
Connecting the islands Honshu and Hokkaido by a fixed link had been considered since the Taishō period (1912–25), but serious surveying commenced only in 1946, induced by the loss of overseas territory at the end of World War II and the need to accommodate returnees.
Morton Thiokol engineers determined that the cold temperatures caused a loss of flexibility in the O-rings that decreased their ability to seal the field joints, which allowed hot gas and soot to flow past the primary O-ring.
A Cochrane review found that adoption of low glycemic index (or load) diets by people who are overweight or obese leads to more weight loss (and better fat control) than use of diets involving higher glycemic index/load or other strategies.
Henry Dawson, on the other hand, gives Howe's loss as 47 killed, 182 wounded and 4 missing.
Censorship and repression intensified, and following his loss of support from the influential Argentine Catholic Church, Perón was ultimately deposed in a violent 1955 coup.
One hundred and two officers and men went down with her, the worst loss of life for an American submarine in wartime.
After suffering a significant loss in popularity as a result of the economic crisis, Papandreou resigned in 2011 and Evangelos Venizelos took over as leader of the party.
In economics, a trade-off is commonly expressed in terms of the opportunity cost of one potential choice, which is the loss of the best available alternative.
With the new lighter weight and smaller engines, Chevrolet promised increase fuel economy without great loss of performance compared to 1976 models.
Experts of economics in Pharaoh's court advise him that killing the male infants of the Israelites would result in loss of manpower.
Since it began being recorded in 1971 until 2018, each year Quebec has had negative interprovincial migration, and among the provinces it has experienced the largest net loss of people due to the effect.
In his review for The Independent, Anthony Quinn thought Rushmore was different than all the many "high-school flicks every week", describing it as a "adolescent tragi-comedy, neurotic-romantic triangle" and a "study in loss and loneliness".
This was followed by a 2–1 loss in the ODI series against Pakistan at home.
A loss leader (also leader) is a pricing strategy where a product is sold at a price below its market cost to stimulate other sales of more profitable goods or services.
The Warner/Reprise Loss Leaders were a series of promotional sampler compilation albums released by Warner Bros. Records throughout the 1970s.
In February 1874, the consortium sold the ship, at a considerable loss, to a partnership of New York businessmen.
However, these designs required an excessive amount of mass loss to generate a satisfactory trail.
This had a major effect on the area's economy, along with the effects of the loss of fishing for communities such as Santa Cruz Acalpixca, San Gregorio Atlapulco and San Luis Tlaxialtemalco.
The play ends with Agnes once again contemplating the loss of her sanity.
Taylor's defence of the World Championship in 1991 ended at the quarter-final stage with a loss to Dennis Priestley, who went on to win his first world title.
The First Test was a high scoring draw held in Lahore, where Harbhajan recorded his worst ever Test figures of 0/176, conceding more than five runs an over in a match where 1,089 runs were scored for the loss of just eight wickets.
May 12 – Capital Airlines Flight 75, a Vickers Viscount 745D flying from New York City to Atlanta, breaks up in flight over Chase, Maryland, due to loss of control in severe turbulence; all 31 on board are killed.
March 6 – Air France Flight 212, a Boeing 707, crashes into the northwestern slope of La Soufrière Mountain in Guadeloupe with the loss of all 63 lives on board.
April 12 – Delta Air Lines Flight 1080, a Lockheed L-1011 Tristar operating a domestic flight in California, United States, experiences a loss of pitch control during takeoff from Los Angeles International Airport due to a malfunctioning elevator; the aircraft is able to land safely with no casualties.
July 13 – Southwest Airlines Flight 2294, a Boeing 737 en route from Nashville, Tennessee, to Baltimore, Maryland, United States, makes an emergency landing in Charleston, West Virginia, after a large hole opens in the skin of the fuselage at  causing a loss of cabin pressure; the aircraft lands safely and no-one is injured.
During most of the ensuing merger process, Rock Island operated at a financial loss.
Fad diets are generally restrictive, and are characterized by promises of fast weight loss or great physical health (notably by "detoxification"), and which are not grounded in sound science.
Over his next nine fights, Rose had a record of eight wins and one loss, with one knockout.
After only two match days, Schalke dismissed David Wagner as head coach on 27 September in the aftermath of the loss against Bremen.
The loss was crushing for Red Sox fans, many of whom blamed Little for leaving Martínez in the game since Martínez had experienced difficulty beyond 100 pitches.
Although boiling reduces the level of sulforaphane, steaming, microwave cooking, and stir frying do not cause a significant loss.
As a result of Martin Harris's loss of the 116 pages of manuscript, Smith said that between July and September 1828, the angel Moroni took back both the plates and the Urim and Thummim as a penalty for his having delivered "the manuscript into the hands of a wicked man."
A UNICEF Nepal issued report noted that child marriage impacts Nepal's development due to loss of productivity, poverty, and health effects.
The 63rd Division had  from  The division was able to close up to the Paddebeek by attacking at night from  a method which took more ground than its attacks in October, for a loss of  and
Individuals who experience symptoms may have diarrhea, abdominal pain, and weight loss.
Cooper twice was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year, and after retiring in 1971 following a controversial loss remained a popular public figure.
Failure to comply could mean the loss of recognition.
He was also sidelined for Dallas' Week 14 loss to the Tennessee Oilers after sustaining an injury the previous week.
Robert's original bequest was augmented by Mary, Queen of Scots, in 1543 and continued to be paid by different bodies throughout the centuries until changes and loss of records due to local government reform in 1975, which led to the stopping of payments.
Its numbers, however, are declining in recent decades, possibly due to the loss of forest habitat in its winter range.
Inevitably, his loss of a regular place in the first team sparked rumours of a transfer during the season.
However, they do not seem to be directly impacted by forest loss, although they might be sensitive to it.
However, due to the loss of the territory of Macedonia immediately following Bulgaria's surrender to the Allied forces, the Macedonian faction fell out of contention leaving the Agrarian and Communist factions struggling for political supremacy.
Kidneys are sometimes embolized prior to surgery to minimize blood loss.
This anxiety is also brought on by a loss of spirituality.
Dental caries results when the demineralization rate is faster than the remineralization and there is net mineral loss.
Operation Rheinübung was a failure, and although the Germans scored a success by sinking "The Mighty Hood", this was offset with the loss of the modern battleship Bismarck, which represented one-quarter of the Kriegsmarines capital ships.
Immediately before the junction is a very shallow stop lock built to prevent the loss of water to the new rival canal from the preexisting Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal.
The manufacturers claim that the authentic taste and feel of olestra offsets this tendency, and some studies have shown that people who consume foods with olestra don't eat more to offset the loss in calories.
Several of his most famous songs tell of the futility or loss of war.
Because they use branch delay slots, fetched just one instruction per cycle, and execute in-order, there is no performance loss.
Nevertheless, the expense of a professional orchestra and the hire of costumes and scenery outweighed the box-office receipts, and the season made a small loss.
He left this role "by mutual consent" on 13 September 2008 after joining other Labour MPs in declaring an MP should stand against Brown, accusing him of "vacillation, loss of international credibility and timorous political manoeuvres that the public cannot understand".
The court was presided over by Vice Admiral Bernard L. Austin, who had presided over the inquiry into the loss of .
No Japanese information indicates that the loss of Scorpion was the result of enemy anti-submarine tactics.
Mutational meltdown (not to be confused with the concept of an error catastrophe) is the accumulation of harmful mutations in a small population, which leads to loss of fitness and decline of the population size, which may lead to further accumulation of deleterious mutations due to fixation by genetic drift.
The Libyan bombings also dashed any hopes BCal had to resume operations on its profitable Gatwick—Tripoli route later that year, resulting in a further loss of expected revenues and profits.
One of Rita's most memorable traits was that following each loss, she would either swear vengeance or complain that she had a headache (the latter becoming one of her trademarks).
The decision resulted in the gradual loss of the characteristics which made Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount Pictures, Universal Studios, Columbia Pictures, RKO Pictures, and 20th Century Fox films immediately identifiable.
Despite the loss of the London Underground steam service to the nearby Great Missenden railway station, an overground service has and still does continue, run by Chiltern Railways.
Loss of recognition was official on 2 January 2009.
In the years following that loss, Bredesen established relationships with city officials and prepared for a second run.
Time: The time from the beginning of an observation period (such as surgery or beginning treatment) to (i) an event, or (ii) end of the study, or (iii) loss of contact or withdrawal from the study.
The loss of their historic station remains a grievance for many Wolverton residents.
Computer controlled dynamic suspension was considered but not applied due to the inherent increase in weight, complexity and loss of predictability of the vehicle.
The loss of the vertical stabilizer and the rudder removed the only means of damping yaw, and the aircraft lost virtually all meaningful yaw stability.
In his final game he went 2–3 with a triple in a 5–3 loss against the pennant winning Cardinals.
BMW, working with Bosch and Continental, developed a system to reduce engine torque to prevent loss of control and applied it to most of the BMW model line for 1992, excluding the E30 and E36.
A father, mourning the loss of his "perle" (pearl), falls asleep in a garden; in his dream, he encounters the 'Pearl-maiden'—a beautiful and heavenly woman—standing across a stream in a strange landscape.
That month, the company posted a second-quarter comparable-store loss of 22%, with internet sales dropping 33%.
Depressed by the loss of life and destruction of the First World War, Ismay turned down the nomination, and "was even seriously thinking of resigning [his] commission" in the Army.
The loss of the opportunity for Hasler and de Baissac to work together to strike a harder blow against the Germans in a combined operation led to the setting up of a Controlling Officer at Whitehall, responsible for avoiding inter-departmental rivalry, duplication or even conflict.
The New Zealand Treasury once estimated the economic loss from Telecom's (now former) monopoly to be in the region of $50–$250 million a year.
Rozz Williams officially left Christian Death after the American shows in April 1985, citing loss of interest and a distaste for touring as reasons for his departure.
Thornton's research into space adaptation sickness noted that the STS-8 astronauts had escaped severe cases, with none suffering loss of motor control; Gardner suffered a "mild case", but was still able to manage effectively, while Brandenstein – who had suffered from induced motion sickness during training operations – was entirely unaffected.
Victims of highwaymen included the Prime Minister Lord North, who wrote in 1774: "I was robbed last night as I expected, our loss was not great, but as the postillion did not stop immediately one of the two highwaymen fired at him – It was at the end of Gunnersbury Lane."
His four-year unbeaten run in the UK Championship ended in December with a 3–9 semi-final loss to Hendry.
This division cut across Evertsen's path and doubling on the Dutch squadron, was able to inflict much loss.
Although no connection to the U.S. Navy's "Grampus" seems to be intended, nor is it even remotely implied, it is still interesting to note that the real "Grampus" disappeared while Melville was serving in the Navy aboard the , the topic of its loss possibly a subject among Melville's shipmates.
On the episode of Dynamite after Full Gear, Jericho and Guevara challenged SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky) for the AEW World Tag Team Championship, but they failed to win when Sky pinned Jericho with a small package, thus suffering his first loss in AEW.
In general longer bolts and smaller diameters of bolt are better at preventing the loss of torque.
The drastic loss of local downtown residents further reduced the viability of streetfront, pedestrian-oriented businesses.
Since 1996, the Netherlands-based Museum Security Network has disseminated news and information related to issues of cultural property loss and recovery.
Under most tabulations, only the Permian-Triassic mass extinction exceeds the Late Ordovician mass extinction in biodiversity loss.
 Contents insurance, insurance that pays for damage to, or loss of, an individual's personal possessions whilst they are located within that individual's home
The established leagues were wary of a new challenge to baseball's antitrust law exemption, when the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Emanuel Celler, a Brooklyn Democrat enraged by his borough's loss of the Dodgers, introduced legislation that would place baseball under antitrust law.
If carried to a logical extreme, the latter would involve supranational planning of major aspects of members' economies and the inevitable loss of national autonomy over domestic investment policy.
Major damage to the belly and landing gear resulted, which caused the loss of hydraulic fluid from three of its four flight control systems.
The program continued to dominate over the competition, even with the loss of two major co-hosts in Champion and Elliott.
Thus, WRN helicase is important for preventing catastrophic telomere loss during DNA replication.
This bird's numbers have declined due to habitat loss in some parts of its range.
Leaving England, he travelled to Egypt where the Stray Verses were written in a somewhat mournful lament at his great loss.
It escaped any involvement in the Troubles until 3 August 1976, when a series of bombings of properties burned out and destroyed several buildings, though with no loss of life.
Owens had his first catch with the Bills when he had a 27-yard play on a 3rd-and-1 in the 25–24 loss to the New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium.
Creditors challenged Vick's spending plan given his loss of salary and suspension from the NFL.
Though bloodshed was to be avoided, and the U.S. government also hoped that its purpose might be attained without the loss of life, both sides prepared for war.
Huge loss of life occurred, including that of the former High Priest Ananias.
Temporary hair loss is a common side effect of minoxidil treatment, a process referred to as "shedding."
In 2010, Ask.com abandoned the search industry, with the loss of 130 search engineering jobs, because it could not compete against more popular search engines such as Google.
Manning threw 194 yards and a touchdown in the loss.
In a season-opening loss in Houston, Manning set career highs with 57 pass attempts and 40 completions, throwing three touchdowns and 433 yards, the fourth highest opening-weekend total ever.
The sandstone gastroliths may have been rendered fragile after deposition by loss of cement caused by the external chemical environment.
She was transferred to the RAN in 1933, and served until her loss from dive bomber attack on 29 June 1941.
"Latta's Lancers" having summarily disposed of the two guardboats (there were no survivors from either Japanese vessel) with no loss to themselves, Lagarto, Haddock, and Sennet formed a scouting line and continued their search.
When this packet loss occurred, the endpoints sent extra packets that repeated the information lost, doubling the incoming rate.
Motives include "to avenge a personal loss, to redeem the family name, to escape a life of sheltered monotony and achieve fame, or to equalize the patriarchal societies in which they live."
At the age of eight, after the loss of both parents, Fanny was brought to Charleston in May 1785, and was raised there by John Laurens's sister Martha Laurens Ramsay and her husband.
Loss was to deliver the map by May 1808.
As a result of the pending loss of principal Irma Cobian, 21 of 22 teachers asked for transfer to other schools.
More seriously, even though there was no real loss, was this incident, mentioned in the same report:
They concluded that a ventilation valve, which was likely open to make the tropical conditions a little more bearable while the submarine was cruising on the surface near the Duke of York Islands, was insecure when the submarine dived, causing a flood of the submarine's engine room and total loss of control of the AE1.
He had been a successful commander in France, in a period of decline for the English, and his death was a great loss to his country.
Hatchery-reared fish are now used to replace fish that were lost from natural events including drought, flood, habitat destruction, or human influences such as over-harvest, pollution, habitat loss due to development and dam construction.
The island was formerly known as Standia, by juncture loss in the phrase στήν Δία (Greek for on Dia).
The rule of the Alliance Party was briefly challenged in the election of March 1977, when a split in the ethnic Fijian vote resulted in the loss of nine seats.
This condition, if not corrected, could result in additional IFSDs of one or more engines, loss of thrust control, and damage to the airplane.
weight loss, exercise programs, quitting smoking) were likely to succeed, over ten times as among those deciding to make life changes at other times of the year.
The loss of so many young men during the Second World War made it difficult for clubs to retain their former status.
Changes such as  to  involve the loss of secondary articulation; in addition,  →  involves the reduction of a trill to a tap.
Boron is often applied to fields as a contaminant in other soil amendments but is not generally adequate to make up the rate of loss by cropping.
In the 2009 elections, the party won 66,086 votes (0.37% of the national total), and 2 seats in Parliament, representing a loss of approximately 50% of its support, and 1 seat, from the preceding elections.
Sid Vicious managed to interfere in the contest and cost Goldberg the match, thus giving him his second career loss, costing him the title and eliminating him from the tournament which was eventually won by Hart at Mayhem in November.
The loss of Chunuk Bair marked the end of the Battle of Sari Bair.
The starter in that year's All-Star Game, he allowed one run in two innings, taking a no decision in the AL's 3–2 loss.
In more complex structures, the p-type and n-type regions may be embedded between the mirrors, requiring a more complex semiconductor process to make electrical contact to the active region, but eliminating electrical power loss in the DBR structure.
when betting on trick shots, may intentionally miss the first or several times and lose a small amount, then raise the bet to an amount well beyond the loss and succeed at the well-practiced feat.
Sega concluded that the superior sales of their version of Mortal Kombat were outweighed by the resulting loss in consumer trust, and cancelled the game's release in Spain to avoid further controversy.
The shear stress is imparted onto the boundary as a result of this loss of velocity.
Loss of the ration card means no entitlement to food.
He had suffered serious knee ligament damage in a loss to Musōyama on the 14th day but he insisted on fighting until the end of the tournament.
While escorting a convoy to Malta on 29 September, the carrier's Fulmars broke up attacks by Italian high-level and torpedo bombers, shooting down one for the loss of one fighter.
He suffered his first loss since coming to ECW to Kane by count-out, on the January 29, 2008 episode of ECW.
 Barak Yalad - "A Loss For Words"
He returned to the lineup and kicked a field goal but missed an extra point attempt in a Week 15 loss to the New York Jets, but then was inactive for the final game of the regular season as well as throughout the Colts' postseason run.
However, the single road XXX Corps had to traverse caused enormous logistical difficulties and, combined with German counterattacks, the operation failed resulting in the loss of much of the 1st Airborne Division during the Battle of Arnhem.
Massive die-offs of the avian populations have occurred, especially after the loss of several species of fish on which they depend.
Bertuzzi scored his first goal with the Flames, deflecting a Dion Phaneuf shot, on October 11, 2008, in a 5–4 overtime loss to the Vancouver Canucks.
In his rookie campaign in 1995–96, Marleau exploded onto the scene in Seattle scoring 32 goals and 74 points, leading his team to a playoff loss to the defending Memorial Cup champions, the Kamloops Blazers, featuring future NHL star Jarome Iginla.
The damage the torpedo inflicted, combined with a jammed rear dive plane, triggered a sequence of events that caused the loss of depth control.
As no armoured support was available to the division after their night attack against the Germans at Ruweisat Ridge, the 4th New Zealand Brigade was shattered, with the loss of around 3,000 men, during the fighting that resulted when German Panzers counter-attacked the New Zealand infantry the following morning.
On October 15, 1991, he broke the PBA all-time record for the most three-point field goals made in a career with 594 three-point conversions after scoring 9 triples in Tivoli's 125–142 loss to Pepsi.
As Gandhi had no intention of implementing the Anandpur Sahib Resolution and feared the loss of Hindu electoral support, and as the Akali Dal also feared losing power, as over 40 SGPC members and 130 Akali leaders, including former legislators, had revolted against Longowal's leadership in favor of Bhindranwale, Akali Dal and central government interests had finally converged.
His emphasis on loss to society, techniques for investigating variation in experiments, and his overall strategy of system, parameter and tolerance design have been influential in improving manufactured quality worldwide.
The loss function is typically chosen to be a norm in an appropriate function space.
1977 gubernatorial loss and aftermath
In the first round, Carlsen lost with black to Kramnik; this was Carlsen's second consecutive loss to Kramnik, and placed his hold on the world No.
This had the greatest impact on small scale commercial and backyard producers relative to total assets compared to industrial chains which primarily experience temporary decreases in exports and loss of consumer confidence.
The loss of these in humans could have been a result of speech and resulting low risk of hyperventilating from normal vocalisation patterns.
Following these victories Appius laid siege to Echetla but after the loss of many troops returned to Messana.
The loss of jobs was attributed to the 2016 demonetisation, and to the effects of the Goods and Services Tax.
Unfortunately, modern film and digital copies are usually made with a highly diffused light source, which causes loss of color saturation and other ill effects due to light scatter within the structure of the screen and emulsion, and by fluorescent or other artificial light which alters the color balance.
Veendam was lost at sea without loss of life after striking a submerged object in 1898, while Maasdam was again sold in 1902 to La Veloce Navigazione Italiana and renamed Citta di Napoli, after which she was used as an emigrant ship for an additional eight years before being sold for scrap at Genoa in 1910.
Many current approaches to mental health treatment focus on changing distressing events and circumstances such as dealing with the death of a loved one, loss of a job, serious illness, terrorist attacks and other traumatic events.
She had already published with some success Im Kampf um Gott "where she exposed the problem of loss of faith (which had been her own for a long time)", several articles, and the study Jesus der Jude that Rilke had read.
In this way, the loss at Kunersdorf was similar to that of the Battle of Hochkirch.
The Alliance had never lost this seat but in the general election of 1987, the loss of this seat led to the narrow defeat of the Alliance Party.
Failure to please their captors meant demotion and loss of privileges and an almost certain death at the hands of their fellow inmates.
His bigotry clouded his judgment, leading to excessive loss of life, ships and war materials.
Alta California and Santa Fe de Nuevo México were captured soon after the start of the war and the last resistance there was subdued in January 1847, but Mexico would not accept the loss of territory.
Taylor made his NFL regular season debut on September 6, 1981, in a 24–10 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
A club receives 3 points for a win, 1 point for a tie, and 0 points for a loss.
After the Axis defeats in Egypt and the subsequent loss of Tripoli (23 January, 1943), the Russian setbacks shook Axis morale.
In 21 career playoff games, Lewis has totaled 214 tackles (135 solo), two sacks, six forced fumbles, one fumble recovery, two interceptions for 54 yards, 15 pass deflections, 10.5 stuffs for a loss, and one touchdown.
Local production of food also allows savings in transportation costs, storage, and in product loss, what results in food cost reduction.
The huge storm surge resulted in broken sea walls and massive property loss.
Hartlepool's largest league victory was a 10–1 win over Barrow in the Fourth Division in 1959, while the heaviest loss was 10–1 to Wrexham in 1962 also in the Fourth Division.
Despite holding the millers to a 2–2 draw in the first leg at Glanford Park, Scunthorpe were once again denied a trip to Wembley with a 2–0 away loss in the second leg.
After beating Queens Park in the play-off semifinal, their season ended with a 2–0 loss to Forfar Athletic in the final.
Hull City's corporate accounts, , show a £25.6 million loss, on revenues of £11 million, after player and management costs of "just under £23 million."
Hamilton would have preferred an attack just before dawn, but Hunter-Weston, citing the loss of company officers, did not, and it is unclear that he was wrong.
During their return to Wilhelmshaven in December, the Republican submarine C-3 was sunk; the Germans claimed this was due to a torpedo fired from U-34, although the Republicans' enquiry claimed its loss was due to an internal explosion.
When all the continents are finally restored, the Demon Lord, who is responsible for the loss of many of the continents, appears and seals away many of the continents again.
The shorter barrels' muzzle velocity loss is unimportant at closer ranges; the impact velocity of the bullet is more than sufficient.
After an eleven-week journey when the fleet was beset by storms, causing the loss of several ships and much of her bridal trousseau, the convoy reached Sluys on 25 December 1429.
It is thought that this type of atmosphere loss may be common to all planets orbiting Sun-like stars closer than around .
Hatching success was found to be about 27.58% and egg loss was due to predation and nest damage.
Wins over the ladder-leading Dragons and the Gold Coast Titans followed until a four-game losing streak ensued; with the club sitting third from last after a round 17 home loss to the Roosters in what was Todd Carney's return to the nation's capital.
The pilot, Lothar Mothes, survived but one crewman was killed in the crash and the third died from blood loss as a result of a severed leg.
Pessimism and loss of confidence
Kampfgeschwader 1, Kampfgeschwader 76 and Kampfgeschwader 77 reported the loss of 18 Ju 88s over enemy territory on 23 June.
Fourth war patrol and loss
However, a worldwide decline in the agricultural equipment market combined with high inflation, high domestic interest rates and a major recession, caused Massey Ferguson to slip into a loss once again.
“With respect to the provenance statement, Mr. McLeod made a false representation, either knowing that it was false and without an honest belief in its truth, or he made the statement recklessly without caring whether it was true or false, with the intent that Mr. Hearn would rely upon it, which he did, to his personal loss.”
Though rare, risks of PAE include unintentional embolization of nearby blood vessels, which can result in loss of blood flow to surrounding areas of the bladder or rectum.
His season ended with a 9–10 loss to Stuart Bingham in the first round of the 2021 World Snooker Championship.
By 2012 BBC wanted to divest itself of the company and in March 2013 confirmed the sale of Lonely Planet to Brad Kelley's NC2 Media for US$77.8 million (£51.5 million), at nearly an £80 million (US$118.89 million) loss.
To support the new state government expenses and to offset the loss of the federal government subsidies, additional taxes would have to be levied on residents.
The flight test program became fraught with technical issues and setbacks, the most dramatic being the  loss of the first prototype.
A sixth game of the Finals was held at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City, and by trailing the series 3–2 the team was one loss away from losing the series.
Such people have very slightly more weight loss initially, equivalent to approximately 100kcal/day, but that the advantage diminishes over time and is ultimately insignificant.
Miller's final game was a loss in the second round of the 1987 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament to Wyoming.
The amount of damage and material loss allowed is compatible with the visual inspection rejection criteria.
The C-87 did not climb well when heavily loaded, a dangerous characteristic when flying out of the unimproved, rain-soaked airfields of India and China; many were lost on takeoff with the loss of just a single engine.
To avoid excessive loss of gas due to inadvertent activation of the valve when the DV is out of the diver's mouth, some second stages have a desensitising mechanism which causes some back-pressure in the housing, by impeding the flow or directing it against the inside of the diaphragm.
After the wind tunnel tests, two wing fences were installed on a more advanced, longer version of the DFS-346, the purpose of fences was to interrupt the spanwise movement of airflow that would otherwise bring the boundary-layer breakdown and transition from attached to stalled airflow with loss of lift and increase of drag.
Recurrent themes in Williams's songs include religion, adolescence, gender issues, anti-commercialism, misunderstood relationships, loss, humor, and geography.
Their numbers have declined in recent years due to loss of habitat.
The Japanese, aware of the loss of Attu and the impending arrival of the larger Allied force, successfully removed their troops on July 28 under the cover of fog, without being detected by the Allies.
Starting the first of April, the French proceeded by boat with little loss 270 river miles up the Tombigbee River.
 Conductive hearing loss (due to fixation of stapes).
Air Berlin's basic fares were nonrefundable and not changeable, so unused flights were a complete loss for the purchaser.
The Soviet Union, while being sympathetic to Pakistan's loss, decided to engage with Pakistan after sending an invitation through Rodionov to Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, who paid a state visit to the Soviet Union in 1972 to strengthen bilateral relations that continued over the years.
This resulted in an ammunition fire aboard Malaya during the Battle of Jutland that nearly resulted in the loss of the ship.
From 2005 through 2010, RDA reported a net loss each year.
After the Battle of the Aegates and Carthage's loss of the war, the town was ceded to Roman control in 241BC.
On 21 February RaboDirect announced that it would be closing down its Irish operations from 16 May 2018, with the loss of 31 jobs.
With the new diesel generators, the type need to rely on the WR-21s only for higher-speed running, and always with graceful degradation to cruising without catastrophic loss of power.
Two Special Weather Bulletins were issued by the Dominion Weather Office, but since it was expected that the storm would pass east of Toronto, few other warnings were given and there were no evacuations, which increased the eventual property damage and loss of life.
Due to its robustness and ease of manufacture, silicon carbide semiconductors are expected to be used widely, creating simpler and higher efficiency charging for hybrid and all-electric vehicles, reducing energy loss, constructing longer-lasting solar and wind energy power converters, and eliminating bulky grid substation transformers.
Lower initial mass gives small fragment ricochets less damage potential, and distance of travel is reduced by more rapid loss of velocity from air resistance.
His loss puts him into a period of deep reflection.
After the loss, Hennig was taken off television to recover from his knee injury.
This amount was increased to $7.5 million in 1949, but it did not fully compensate them for the loss of their important farmlands, homes, towns, and graves.
The loss of Danzig did indeed deeply hurt German national pride and in the interwar period, German nationalists spoke of the "open wound in the east" that was the Free City of Danzig.
The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) built the hatchery in 1973 to offset the loss of fish habitat and spawning grounds in areas blocked by construction of the Lost Creek Dam on the main stem and the Applegate and Elk Creek dams on Rogue tributaries.
Lexington Air Group officially established 1 Jul 1938, disestablished 8 May 1942 after the loss of USS Lexington in the battle of the Battle of the Coral Sea.
The ship was declared a constructive total loss.
The team ended the 2004–2005 season with a third-place finish and a semi-final loss in the playoffs, and finished the 2005–2006 season at the bottom of the SPHL standings.
The greatest threats to the conservation of this genus are the severe loss and degradation of their habitat, and hunting.
These letters and diary entries formed the basis of her book After You: Letters of Love, and Loss, to a Husband and Father.
The threat from fire carries one of the highest risks to loss of life, and the potential to damage property or shut down a business.
On 1 September 2013, Sheedy coached his 679th and final game as a senior coach in the VFL/AFL, which was an 83-point loss against Gold Coast on the Gold Coast, Queensland.
Bell was also a baseball player during his Flint high school years, but was limited due to his vision loss.
Despite the loss in the Supreme Court, the baseball player's union continued to push to eliminate the reserve clause.
Affected dogs can suffer from red hyperpigmentation, lichenification, and hair loss.
A character may also be killed or knocked unconscious by blood loss or a combination of lesser injuries.
To offset Bensheim's loss of the status of district seat, the town got the district leadership of the Nazi Party.
1991 Loss of Small Detail
Body fluid regulation is impaired due to a failure to excrete fluids, or due to fluid loss from vomiting or diarrhea.
Lemurs exhibit behavioral adaptations to complement this trait, including sunning behaviors, hunched sitting, group huddling, and nest sharing, in order to reduce heat loss and conserve energy.
It results in the dead weight welfare loss to the society as a whole.
Pests and weeds, climate change and habitat loss are some of the key threatening processes faced by native plants and animals listed by the Department of Planning, Industry and Environment of New South Wales.
However, design changes for the Mark 2 Buccaneer, the addition of extended wingtips and the position of a new bolt hole, did cause fatigue problems leading to the loss of two aircraft.
Several observers attributed this loss to the pro-Israel policy of Canada at the UN, including Canadian PM Stephen Harper.
On November 21, 2006, Alcoa announced that it planned to close the Waunarlwydd works in Swansea, with the loss of 298 jobs.
Age-related loss of cohesin ties 
The 1960s saw a reduction of the RAF and a loss of independence of the former functional commands.
Hoad and Gonzales both finished with five wins and one loss, but Gonzales won the title on account of his victory over Hoad in their head-to-head match, which had been the first match for both in the event.
This soon led to a loss of support for his re-election bid in 1917.
Glückel suffers the loss of her beloved sister Hendel, who is buried in Emmerich.
From 2008 to 2015, when the government administration ran it, the loss for the seven years was Rs.
A tone split occurs as a result of the loss of the voicing distinction in initial consonants.
Indeed, SCO had never been able to show profits on a consistent basis; through the end of fiscal 1991 SCO had accumulated a total loss of $31 million over its entire existence.
However, anti-assimilation traditionalists on the reservations resisted integration and the resulting loss of their traditional life.
Having flown 113 offensive sorties over the two days of the attack, with only one loss of a Seafire to enemy action, the carrier and her escorts returned to Manus Island on 17 June.
In smokers the inability to exhale fully is due to the loss of elasticity in the lungs.
The sinking was the subject of an inquiry chaired by Mr. Justice Bucknill, but the true causes of the ship's loss were only established when divers examined the wreck after the war.
Two submarines unsuccessfully attempted infiltration during the First World War: on 23 November 1914  was rammed twice before running aground with the capture of her crew, and  was detected by hydrophone and destroyed with the loss of all hands on 28 October 1918.
Pruning back the branches in autumn has a positive influence on fruit yield while a re-pruning in spring can induce an increase of vegetative shoot and thus to fruit yield loss.
Following the loss of Sheffield, a new air defence tactic was devised to try to maximise the task group's remaining assets; the two remaining Type 42 destroyers paired up with the two Type 22 frigates.
 Hedge (finance), an investment made to limit loss
This marked Pendleton's fourth World Series loss in four attempts.
Severe C. maculatus infestations can affect 100% of the stored peas and cause up to 60% loss within a few months.
Lord Baltimore provided Claiborne amnesty for all of his offenses, Virginia laid aside any claim it had to Maryland territory, and Claiborne was indemnified with extensive land grants in Virginia for his loss of Kent Island.
Wallace, and Grant's loss of confidence in Lew Wallace.
There have been over twenty hull loss accidents involving YS-11 aircraft.
Mourning the loss, she requests that his body be preserved in cryogenic suspension, in the hopes that he could someday be revived.
By 19 November, the loss of the ship was accepted in Germany.
The individual is responsible for any damage or loss until the bike is returned to another hub and checked in.
In humans, hearing loss has been reported following carbon monoxide poisoning.
 Smooth or shiny skin and hair loss
A cable subjected to "backhoe fade" is instead a sudden and initially inexplicable loss of signal experienced when a cable is accidentally dug up and damaged or cut.
Further case law to demonstrate this practice is Francovich v Italy where action could be taken against the government by an individual for their failure to implement a directive and the subsequent loss of rights suffered in court.
His death marked the final senior loss for the 10th Division—the division commander, Jackson, and the other brigade commander, Terrill, had also been mortally wounded.
Although devastated by his loss, Rosas exploited her death to raise support for his regime.
Damage can be caused by trauma, or a loss of blood supply known as a stroke.
As a punishment to this loss of gold, all gold held by Government of India was shipped to Bank of England in 1901.
According to data collected by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) between 2008 and 2017, CFITs accounted for six percent of all commercial aircraft accidents, and was categorized as "the second-highest fatal accident category after Loss of Control Inflight (LOCI)."
This avoids searches for an end-marker as in the first method, and avoids the loss of locality of reference as in the second method.
For example, the Buy Quiet program encourages employers to purchase tools and machines that produce less noise and the Safe-In-Sound Award was created to recognize companies and program that excel in the area of hearing loss prevention.
The author of the concept of genocide, Raphael Lemkin, considered Tasmania the site of one of the world's clear cases of genocide and Hughes has described the loss of Aboriginal Tasmanians as "the only true genocide in English colonial history".
Despite the official explanation, some historians continued to believe that the torpedoes caused the ship's loss, while others proposed an accidental explosion inside one of the ship's gun turrets that reached down into the magazine.
Carl Hilty described the period as the first democratic experience in Swiss territory, while within conservatism it is seen as a time of national weakness and loss of independence.
After the destruction of the Power Chamber and the loss of the Turbo powers, Justin elected to remain on Earth to be with his father.
On May 29, 1914, the RMS Empress of Ireland sank in the Saint Lawrence River near this village, with a loss of 1,012 lives.
This downturn has been attributed to the loss of the captive Warsaw Pact trainer market, to which a substantial proportion of the total aircraft manufactured had been historically sold to; allegations about Czechoslovak banks being unable to finance the defense industry and inaction on the part of the Czechoslovak government; and concerns over the quality of manufacturing standards.
Five of the 39 P-36A Hawks at Pearl Harbor, delivered previously by the USS Enterprise, were able to take off during the attack and were credited with shooting down two Japanese Mitsubishi A6M2 Zeros for the loss of one P-36, thereby scoring U.S. aerial victories that were among the first of the Second World War.
The wing was put out of action and the personnel were sent back to Italy aboard the RM Città di Messina, but on 14 January 1941 the ship was sunk by submarine , with the loss of 432 men, including 53 members of the 9°.
"By improving governance of marine fisheries, society could capture a substantial part of this $50 billion annual economic loss.
In 1971, Morton began the season as the starter, but after a loss to the New Orleans Saints, Staubach assumed the role.
The hard problem associated with the evaluation of the discrepancy loss between the approximated and the correct computation can be effectively addressed by resorting to randomization
30 June 1976 RAF Gnat T.1 XM707 of the Red Arrows was abandoned near RAF Kemble following loss of control of tailplane.
In Game 1 against the Spurs, Carter scored a team-high 16 points in a 106–74 loss.
On May 5, 2011, Matsuzaka made his first relief appearance of his MLB career picking up the loss in 1 inning against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim after a 2 and a half-hour rain delay.
Many regarded McLeod's decision as cynical and opportunistic, and some believe that it was intended to boost Liberal fortunes in rural areas following a by-election loss in the rural, socially conservative riding of Victoria—Haliburton.
Signal Loss, a Prisoners of Gravity fan site.
The last major furniture manufacturer to close was Beithcraft (formerly Balfours) which finished in 1983 (after a major fire a few years earlier, which destroyed large sections of the plant) with the loss of 420 jobs.
Dental restorative materials are used to replace tooth structure loss, usually due to dental caries (dental cavities), but also tooth wear and dental trauma.
In June 1995, the company had over $1 billion in backorders and posted a $68 million loss in the fourth quarter of 1995.
As the 100th anniversary of the  sinking took place in 2012, fresh calls were made for "official recognition" of the loss of Lancastria by the British Government.
In August, Wiles travelled to Hong Kong and Singapore where he found a complete loss of control.
In early 2012, Anime News Network reported that Anime Expo suffered a $1.2 million loss in 2010.
The 4 stages are sometimes known as the "Tennis" staging of hypovolemic shock, as the stages of blood loss (under 15% of volume, 15–30% of volume, 30–40% of volume and above 40% of volume) mimic the scores in a game of tennis: 15, 15–30, 30–40 and 40.
Refet had been warned the day before that evacuation may be necessary because of the loss of Beersheba, so plans were prepared for the complete withdrawal from the town during the night of 6/7 November, to a new defensive line on the Wadi Hesi.
The process of preventing blood loss from a vessel or organ of the body is referred to as hemostasis.
In case of loss, the option price is not returned but the out-of-money reward of $5 is granted to the customer.
The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species lists the Stresemann's bushcrow as endangered because of its very restricted range and loss of suitable habitat.
As of early 2017, the population in the wild is believed to have crashed as low as 2,000 individuals due to habitat loss, poaching and hunting, making them far more critically endangered.
He carried on fighting until he succumbed to a loss of blood and collapsed.
 He goes on further to explain the decline of Western influence, stating reasons as to the loss of Western credibility with the rest of the world.
In 394 the forces of the two halves of the Empire again clashed with great loss of life.
The main symptom is pain, causing loss of ability and often stiffness.
The donor's hematocrit or hemoglobin level is tested to make sure that the loss of blood will not make them anemic, and this check is the most common reason that a donor is ineligible.
Rivera becomes a friend with Rex after the loss of Inspector Lorenzo Fabbri.
Data loss and a change in the capacity that the device displays are also signs of a low-level format corruption or a corrupted CIS (Card Information System).
However, flow cytometry can be less effective at detecting extremely rare cell populations, and there is a loss of architectural relationships in the absence of a tissue section.
The two additional reflections at air-glass interfaces inevitably result in some light loss – at least four percent at each interface, if the surfaces are uncoated; they also increase the potential for lens flare problems.
Some reasons include: poaching of the species for meat, habitat loss due to logging and other human activity, and the lack of information and knowledge of this species makes them more susceptible to dangers.
Compressors used in refrigeration systems must exhibit near-zero leakage to avoid the loss of the refrigerant if they are to function for years without service.
The benzene ring of a biologically active compound may often be replaced by a thiophene without loss of activity.
It reported a net loss of US$164 million in the quarter ending April 29, 2017.
Other effects of perception management in fashion include that "a commonplace strategy to circumvent the loss of exclusivity associated with high market share is to leverage the brand by introducing new related brands.
Loss aversion, where the perceived disutility of giving up an object is greater than the utility associated with acquiring it.
In February 2017, Gambaccini sued the Metropolitan Police, citing a loss of £200,000 during his time under investigation.
On 28 November 2009, two logging barges sank causing the loss of 73 lives.
Other symptoms include cardiac arrhythmias (especially in those taking digoxin), fatigue, nausea, vomiting (emesis), loss of appetite, abdominal pain, & paralytic ileus.
The phase angle , storage modulus G', and loss modulus G'' then become:
Though the rebellion she headed on the peninsula lost steam due to loss of funding and the rapid defeat of its few supporters, the money she had previously taken allowed Subh to finance a rebellion in the Maghreb.
Relative polycythemia is often caused by loss of body fluids, such as through burns, dehydration, and stress.
This task proved especially important following the devastating loss of life at Waco and Worcester, along with the June 8 catastrophe at Flint, Michigan, in the same year.
If contraction continues for too long, it can lead to disfigurement and loss of function.
Once unscrewed, oil would leak from the valvetrain into the prechamber, causing a sudden loss of power and large amounts of smoke to flow from the exhaust pipe.
These contractures occur not only in the foot but also in the hand where the loss of the musculature makes the hand appear gaunt and skeletal.
Their individual hair follicles have an active growth period that is longer than that of many other breeds of dogs; combined with the tightly curled coat, which slows the loss of dander and dead hair by trapping it in the curls, an individual Poodle may release less dander and hair into the environment.
He was the first heavyweight champion to lose the title to the man whom he had beaten to become champion since Ezzard Charles's loss to Jersey Joe Walcott in 1951.
Forced induction is also used with reciprocating aircraft engines to negate some of the power loss that occurs as the aircraft climbs to higher altitudes.
Nintendo, in bringing its Famicom system into the North American market as the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1985, looked to avoid the issues with loss of publishing control that had led to the 1983 video game crash and to prevent unauthorized games from being released for the system.
Orthostatic intolerance can result in temporary loss of consciousness and posture, due to the lack of pressure and stroke volume.
Non-global grids also differ by scope, and in general are geometrically optimized (avoid overlaps, gaps or loss of uniformity) for the local use.
By August 1950, Yvon showed only one defeat in twenty three starts, the lone blemish a loss by disqualification, to Billy Snowball.
By that time a number of US ships had been torpedoed with heavy loss of life.
For the remainder of his tenure with RCA Victor, Sedaka never fully recovered from the effects of Beatlemania, the loss of "It Hurts to Be in Love" to Pitney, or the failure of his recordings.
These efforts to avoid excessive loss of human life are appreciated.”
As the Battle of the Atlantic swung irrevocably in favour of the Allies with the loss by the Germans of French bases in August 1944, FAGr 5 withdrew eastwards and the remaining Ju 290s were reassigned to transport duties, including service with KG 200, where they were used to drop agents behind enemy lines and other special missions.
In 1936 the cargo vessel Helēna Faulbaums was wrecked on the island, with the loss of 15 lives.
They are made of soft material designed to contour to each user and can be used by people with mild to moderately severe hearing loss.
These compact electronic devices are designed for people without hearing loss.
Although SBC survived the war intact, it suffered the loss of its investments in a number of large industrial companies.
Macdonald abandoned electoral politics after this loss, and returned to his law practice.
USS St Lo capsized and sank at 11:25 with the loss of 114 men.
Various reasons for Rome's fall have been proposed ever since, including loss of Republicanism, moral decay, military tyranny, class war, slavery, economic stagnation, environmental change, disease, the decline of the Roman race, as well as the inevitable ebb and flow that all civilizations experience.
The greater the deviation from target, the greater is the loss.
On November 28, 1991, Woodson recorded his first career solo sack on Cowboys' quarterback Steve Beuerlein in the Steelers' 20–10 loss to the Dallas Cowboys.
Fighting the fire was further complicated by the loss of water main pressure along the aft of the ship, and by the detonation of hydrostatic fuses and various other ammunition.
A former Red Army Faction member, the collapse of Marxism, coupled with the arrest of his wife and fellow terrorist Petra Hassler-Bock as well as the loss of their children, forces him to go into hiding.
Following the defeat, Hitler denounced Hugenberg and said the loss was a result of his poor leadership.
In 2011, Mars Needs Moms is the last film released by ImageMovers Digital before Disney's stake got absorbed by ImageMovers to a loss of nearly $140 million – the largest box-office bomb of all time in nominal dollar terms.
His disfigurement, compounded with the loss of his family, drives him completely insane and marks the birth of the Joker.
The coup was an apparent success and had been accomplished without loss of life.
Kasparov recovers to win the match 4–2 (three wins, one loss, two draws).
Symptoms may include abdominal pain, cramping, diarrhea, dehydration, fever, nausea, vomiting and weight loss.
The SAS soldiers came under mortar bombardment while evacuating their wounded and the Royal Marines from 7 'Sphinx' Battery of the 29th Commando Regiment Royal Artillery reported the loss of one gunner (Van Rooyen), who suffered a broken arm while taking cover among the rocks during the bombardment.
Some British hospital protocols suspect WE with any one of these symptoms: confusion, decreased consciousness level (or unconsciousness, stupor or coma), memory loss, ataxia or unsteadiness, ophthalmoplegia or nystagmus, and unexplained hypotension with hypothermia.
On July 19, he had four hits, including a home run against Esteban Loaiza, and three RBI in an 11–8 loss to the Blue Jays.
According to Lambert, Ray "behaved like a possessive lover, expecting me to be always here on call...," while Ray continued to dwell on the loss of James Dean.
The scholar Daniel Morris notes that even a Glück poem that uses traditionally happy or idyllic imagery "suggests the author's awareness of mortality, of the loss of innocence".
Because the lake had no outlet, water loss was largely by evaporation, concentrating salts.
With a hardware-managed TLB, the format of the TLB entries is not visible to software and can change from CPU to CPU without causing loss of compatibility for the programs.
Stalin forced the PCI to reject and work against the Marshall Plan, despite the loss of much support from Italian voters who wanted the American aid.
Renal tubular acidosis (proximal type) (Fanconi syndrome) occurs when the PTECs are unable to properly reabsorb glomerular filtrate so that there is increased loss of bicarbonate, glucose, amino acids, and phosphate.
This was partially successful where his body managed to compensate for the loss of adrenaline where Smart Alec was killed in the process.
Symptoms of PTLD are highly variable and nonspecific, and may include fever, weight loss, night sweats, and fatigue.
Whole installations on a single RCD, common in older installations in the UK, are prone to "nuisance" trips that can cause secondary safety problems with loss of lighting and defrosting of food.
The Swedish King as of 1905, Oscar II couldn't accept his loss of Norway.
That game resulted in a 9–2 loss to SUNY Cortland though SUNY Plattsburgh was the first team to hold SUNY Cortland under double digits that entire season.
As habitat loss is the primary threat to most imperiled species, the Endangered Species Act of 1973 allowed the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) to designate specific areas as protected "critical habitat" zones.
An affidavit put into court showed that subject to audit, a loss of £630,000 had been incurred on 31 October 1947, but that a rescue plan could not be drawn up until the audit was completed.
One condition that results in loss of grain crops is called 'lodging', where heavy ears of almost ripe grain bend the stalk until the grain touches the ground, becomes wet, and spoils.
Heat loss is predominantly governed by the thermal gradient between the collector surface and the ambient temperatures.
Earth's internal heat is thermal energy generated from radioactive decay and continual heat loss from Earth's formation.
In addition, income tax preparers (many seasonal), tax lawyers, tax compliance staff in medium-to-large businesses, and software companies which sell tax preparation software could face significant drops, changes, or loss of employment.
Large prey typically dies of blood loss or circulatory shock.
The Battle of Lepanto was far more damaging to the Ottoman navy in sapping experienced manpower than the loss of ships, which were rapidly replaced.
Both disease result in a loss of keratinocyte adhesion.
Phenological mismatches means the loss of many biological interactions and therefore ecosystem functions are also at risk of being negatively effects or lost all together.
Spheres are not subject to mechanical wear, but suffer pressure loss, due to the pressurised nitrogen diffusing through the membrane.
Loss of the AMPKα2 subunit in pancreatic beta cells and hypothalamic neurons decreases the sensitivity of these cells to changes in extracellular glucose concentration.
Despite this, his brothers view him as a pillar of strength and are at a loss when he is injured or absent.
The trauma endured by students and the subsequent repression of their Indigenous language and culture has been credited in part for the loss in number of Blackfoot speakers.
A complication of severe chronic PA is subacute combined degeneration of spinal cord, which leads to distal sensory loss (posterior column), absent ankle reflex, increased knee reflex response, and extensor plantar response.
However, it had two major weaknesses: membership loss as church papists conformed fully to the Church of England, and a shortage of priests.
For example, peripheral neuropathy can cause erectile dysfunction, incontinence and constipation, pupillary dysfunction, and sensory loss depending on the distribution of amyloidosis along different peripheral nerves.
The name recalls an incident around the spring of 1738 when a flash flood on the Bad River inundated the camp of a north-traveling band, causing a large loss of life, including all their horses.
Later, Smith forced New York to turn the ball over on downs by tackling running back Ottis Anderson for a two-yard loss on a fourth-down conversion attempt.
Exposure to UV radiation is associated with skin aging, wrinkle production, liver spots, loss of skin elasticity, erythema (reddening of the skin), sunburn, photokeratitis (snow blindness), ocular melanoma (eye cancer), and infections.
Planning a large endowment fundraising effort ("The Campaign for the Second Decade") Kirkland turned to Hamilton for a guarantee of potential loss of annual funds.
While Michaels denied rumors that he did not want to lose to Hart, and indeed Hart wound up winning the title shortly after Michaels relinquished it, Hart felt certain that Michaels would not have offered a loss in return if he had been staying with the WWF.
The result is no slippage, and virtually no power loss.
Loss of status prior to 1985 amendments 
On 27 July 2005, NASA announced that it was postponing all Shuttle flights until the foam loss problem could be resolved.
Neurological symptoms may include mild to moderate intellectual disability by age 3, communicating hydrocephalus, nerve entrapment, corneal clouding, and some loss of peripheral and night vision.
As pore water pressure rises, a progressive loss of strength of the soil occurs as effective stress is reduced.
He not only held that a clerk receiving a new benefice should give up the old one, but that if the clerk protested about the loss, he should lose both benefices.
The location of the work was the other side of the hill where his father had died and represented the unsettling, free-falling sense of loss.
They may include limb weakness or numbness, loss of memory, vision, and/or intellect, uncontrollable obsessive and/or compulsive behaviors, delusions, headache, cognitive and behavioral problems and sexual dysfunction.
His next two goals came on 19 September at Old Trafford in a 3–2 loss against Manchester United; he scored from a penalty kick in the 64th minute and a free-kick six minutes later to level the game at 2–2.
The overall intent was to help the Conservative Party, Benjamin Disraeli expecting a reward for his sudden and sweeping backing of the reforms discussed, yet it resulted in their loss of the 1868 general election.
Loss aversion coupled with myopia has been shown to explain macroeconomic phenomena, such as the equity premium puzzle.
Loss aversion may be more salient when people compete.
According to the authors, 'this suggests that there may be significant potential for exploiting loss aversion in the pursuit of both optimal public policy and the pursuit of profits'.
Despite the loss of the second prototype and several defects being found in the first prototype, the VI-100 was judged satisfactory and suitable for further development.
Signs and symptoms include: hypoglycemia, hyperpigmentation, dehydration, weight loss , and disorientation.
While for non-disabled people the major issue is the loss of hold baggage, for disabled people the problem tends to be physical damage to wheelchairs and other durable medical equipment due to inappropriate stowage in the hold.
The loss of this milk trade removed most of the goods traffic from the line.
Diseases of the vestibular system can take different forms, and usually induce vertigo and instability or loss of balance, often accompanied by nausea.
Chosen to Team Alfredsson in the All-Star Fantasy Draft, he recorded a goal and an assist in a 12–9 loss to Team Chara.
Commission appointed by the Governor-in-Chief to inquire into the loss of the "Admella" (1859)
Rayner had a very personal reason for supporting Sense's Older Person campaign, wearing hearing aids in both ears, and also had age-related dry macular degeneration (AMD), a sight loss common in older people.
Mice with PCAF deletion are incompetent with respect to learning, and those with CBP deletion seem to suffer from long-term memory loss.
The black smoke resulting from the sudden loss of boiler intake air pressure convinced Yamato and Nagato (which was also firing her main battery at White Plains at the time) that they had scored a direct hit and they shifted fire to other targets.
It is the leading cause of vision loss among people age 50 and older.
It is possible to programatically migrate directives from .htaccess to httpd.conf if this performance loss is a concern.
Following the loss of Eastern, in June 1990 Texas Air rebranded itself as Continental Airlines Holdings, in order to 'reflect the fact that the principal business of the company is Continental', according to Lorenzo.
He scored 58 runs at 29.00 including an unbeaten 36 after India's batting collapsed in a loss to the hosts in a preliminary match.
He claimed that the pandemic and Trump's election loss that followed had "sent him nuts".
The tested patients reported subjective experiences in various sensory domains and exhibited reflexive movement, but none of them displayed loss of consciousness, thus questioning the claustrum's ability to disrupt consciousness when stimulated electrically.
In 1814 With the loss of the Second Republic, Merida is again temporarily incorporated into the Captaincy General of Venezuela.
This can represent a significant loss of heat as an open fireplace can pull away many cubic metres of heated air per hour.
It was probably a great loss for the Shieikan dōjō, but the tradition survived.
Cole stated his sadness at leaving the club, however felt the iconic status Newcastle fans aligned with him was premature and affecting him personally, whilst he cited Newcastle's November loss to Wimbledon F.C as permanently damaging his relationship with Keegan.
An estimated yearly loss of livestock to these plants in the western US was $340 million.
Rabearivelo was deeply affected by this loss and was plunged into grief from which he never recovered.
Diabetic macular edema may be treated with laser photocoagulation, reducing the chance of vision loss.
Discharge agents are used to bleach color from the previously-dyed fabrics and can be used as a reverse tie-dye, where the application of the agent results in loss of color rather than its application.
This loss of consciousness inhibits and endangers those affected and can lead to deadly consequences.
She also alleged that, due to her eventual election loss to independent candidate Cathy McGowan, this funding was scrapped by the newly elected coalition government.
Because this loss occurred to the goddess of love, she decrees that love will henceforth be mixed with suspicion, fear, and sadness and that love will be "fickle, false and full of fraud".
The tax treatment of negative gearing (also termed "rental loss offset against other income") varies.
The De Ruyter sank at about 02:30 the next morning with the loss of 367 men, including Admiral Doorman and Captain Lacomblé.
The lack of interest on the part of the Venezuelan Criollos is often explained by their fear that the loss of the removal of Spanish control might bring about a revolution that would destroy their own power in Venezuela.
Loss of normal adult descending pyramidal control of the reflex arc to suppress extensor withdrawal results in the upgoing toes in the plantar reflex known as Babinski's sign.
If ICC are important intermediaries in motor neurotransmission, then loss of these cells could reduce communication between the enteric nervous system and the smooth muscle syncytium, resulting in reduced neural regulation of motility.
The availability of stereo headphones and smartphones or tablets equipped with sound reproduction systems led to the appearance of new audiologic diagnostic methods which help people identify their degree of hearing loss without assistance.
Malarchuk is known for surviving a life-threatening injury during a 1989 NHL game when a player's skate made contact with his neck, slicing his carotid artery and partially slicing his jugular vein, causing immediate massive blood loss.
The baby died aged only three months, and Dostoevsky blamed himself for the loss.
As St Giles' is attested almost a century earlier, this was likely a re-consecration to correct the loss of any record of the original consecration.
Most black people acquired land through private transactions, with ownership peaking at  in 1910, before an extended financial recession caused problems that resulted in the loss of property for many.
Despite the close nature of their pool, Georgia were impressive in all matches, including a tight match against Scotland which was lost 15–6, thus missing a bonus point narrowly and a 41–10 loss against England, which featured a man-of-the-match performance by flanker Mamuka Gorgodze.
The Germans expect a return visit to Berlin and put up a better defence; the British lose 22 bombers, a very high 11.8 percent loss rate.
The loss of Egret and damage to Athabaskan lead the Allies to halt antisubmarine patrols in the Bay of Biscay by surface ships.
The Fifth Air Forces commander, Major General George Kenney, claims 175 Japanese aircraft destroyed in the raids of October 23–25; the Japanese admit a loss of nine of their planes shot down and 25 destroyed on the ground.
Twenty-four bombers do not return, a 4.6 percent loss rate.
235 Eighth Air Force bombers escorted by 111 fighters raid the shipyard and industrial areas in Kiel with the loss of 10 bombers and seven fighters.
January 30–31 (overnight) – 534 British bombers raid Berlin with the loss of 33 of their number (6.2 percent of the force).
192 British bombers attack the railway yards at Aulnoye, France, without loss.
April 29–30 – 132 British bombers make accurate attacks on the explosives factory at St. Médard En Jalles, France, and the Michelin tire factory at Clermont-Ferrand, France, without loss to themselves.
122 British bombers raid a six-way road junction in Normandy with the loss of two aircraft.
166 British bombers strike the synthetic oil plant at Bottrop, Germany, badly damaging the northern part of the plant in exchange for the loss of eight aircraft.
November 17 – The U.S. submarine  torpedoes and sinks the Japanese aircraft carrier Shinyo with the loss of 1,130 lives.
(Severe phase errors result in picture grain and loss of color saturation in the PAL scheme.)
Offshore, Rabaul-based Japanese aircraft damage a U.S. transport, which becomes a total loss.
January 3–4 – U.S. Navy Task Force 38 begins its support of the U.S. invasion of Lingayen Gulf with carrier air strikes against Japanese forces and facilities on Formosa, the Pescadores, the Sakishima Gunto, and Okinawa, with the loss of 22 U.S. aircraft.
During the April 11 and 13 strikes, their aircraft shoot down at least 16 Japanese planes, destroy additional Japanese aircraft on the ground, and strike airfields and road and railroad targets, for the loss of three British aircraft.
DiPietro signed a professional tryout contract on October 25, 2013 with the Carolina Hurricanes' AHL affiliate, Charlotte Checkers, playing his first game 5 days later in which he stopped 25 of 29 shots in a 5–2 loss to the Grand Rapids Griffins.
It is the worst aviation accident in history at the time, and no greater loss of life will occur in a single air crash until 1950.
April 7 – The German submarine UB-53 sees an airship accidentally catch fire and crash into the sea near the Strait of Otranto with the loss of all hands.
March 23 – A U.S. Air Force Douglas C-124A Globemaster II disappears over the North Atlantic Ocean during a flight from Loring Air Force Base in Limestone, Maine, to RAF Lakenheath in England, with the loss of all 53 people on board.
The Cuban Air Force has suffered four aircraft shot down and at least five destroyed on the ground during the invasion, while the exiles have lost seven B-26 Invaders with the loss of 10 Cubans and four Americans aboard them, and one C-46 and its crew.
January 8 – At a substantial financial loss, Midway Airlines sells its hub at Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to USAir.
In 1979, Ledeen was one of the first Western writers to argue that Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was a "clerical fascist", and that while it was legitimate to criticize the Shah's regime, if Khomeini seized power in Iran the Iranian people would suffer an even greater loss of freedom and women would be deprived of political and social rights.
Shortly afterward, however, H. L. Hunley sank, with the loss of her entire crew of eight.
It is characterised by a loss of breathiness and aspiration contrasts, leading to a significant reduction in its phoneme inventory and development of tones.
If a vehicle is declared a total loss and the vehicle's market value is less than the amount that is still owed to the bank that is financing the vehicle, GAP insurance may cover the difference.
The game sees an incredible goaltending duel as Nabokov makes 53 saves in the loss while Marty Turco of Dallas makes 61 saves for the win.
The two had been bickering about rank and proper procedure prior to the memory loss.
In addition to the danger of deer-vehicle collisions the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) reported that the estimated loss in field crops, nuts, fruits, and vegetables in 2001 was near $765 million.
It was reported that Wednesday's heavy loss was "in great measure owing to the wretched performance of Wharton, who utterly failed to uphold his high reputation as a goalkeeper" and that he "could not have stopped the ball had it been half as big as a balloon".
Due to habitat loss and human disturbance, the spot-billed pelican's numbers have declined and many populations in Southeast Asia are now extinct.
However, calcium uptake from the gut does not compensate for calcium loss in the urine at protein consumption of 2 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight.
Groups of Capuchins are being separated from one another causing interbreeding which results in biodiversity loss ultimately causing an extinction vortex.
Loss of an affected limb is possible even with prompt treatment.
Most of this decline is due to habitat loss and hunting, but interbreeding of the Spanish population with the introduced ruddy duck (Oxyura jamaicensis) is a more recent threat.
As insurance against the loss of Ohio and its  of oil, the other ships were to carry fuel in drums.
His loss was attributed to his refusal to dissociate his campaign from Alfred E. Smith's presidential campaign.
One of the three crew members was killed and the aircraft was a total loss.
As these were the primary refineries producing aviation fuel for World War II, it was decided that news about this loss of production should be censored.
During a 1999 audit, accounting irregularities of about $100 million were discovered originating from pre-merger Cotter & Company, leading to a $131 million loss that year causing the value of TruServ stock to plummet.
Precise records of this time are difficult to locate but Gonzales asserts in his autobiography that after the decisive loss to Kramer in their 1949-50 tour he then beat his old antagonist 11 times in their next 16 matches.
Although  of the burial ground in Devonshire Street was offered as compensation, public sentiment still opposed the loss of Hyde Park.
In the 1924 World Series he averaged only .233 in a seven-game loss to the Washington Senators.
It is unclear how it has adapted to loss of Woodland its preferred habitat and nesting site.
Having eliminated loss of respiration, Albrich et al.
After the title loss, he attacked The Miz with a knockout punch and hugged Theodore Long, turning face in the process.
Sweden then went unbeaten for another three matches before suffering two consecutive defeats, a 1–0 loss to Russia in Moscow and a crushing 4–1 home defeat to group leaders Austria.
Davus faces the three-way wrath of Pamphilus (for his advice), Charinus (for causing the loss of his beloved) and Simo (for double-dealing between him and his son).
 ΔG0 – empirically derived offset that in part corresponds to the overall loss of translational and rotational entropy of the ligand upon binding.
The original space (with dimension of the number of points) has been reduced (with data loss, but hopefully retaining the most important variance) to the space spanned by a few eigenvectors.
Wales finished third in their group due to a 1–0 loss to the Republic of Ireland on 9 October and failed to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup play-offs.
In 2013, BBC Worldwide sold Lonely Planet to Kentucky billionaire Brad Kelley's NC2 Media for US$75 million (£51.5 million)— significantly less than the £130.2 million the BBC had paid for the company, at an £80 million loss.
Vedet involves personality disorders and dementia; sevai usually leads to blindness and other sensory loss, along with degeneration of muscle control.
This resulted in the loss of a Labor majority in the lower house.
If the feedline carrying the transmitter's signal to the antenna is extremely short ( wave), or has extremely low DC resistance per meter of length, or carries power as high voltage and low current (high impedance) instead of low voltage and high current (low impedance), then power loss in the line will be low.
When adjusted for minimum loss, the SPC tuner will always have better harmonic rejection than the high-pass T, since the SPC design is a band-pass circuit.
The third and final match was a 3–1 loss to Poland, but the team still got to the round of 16 when South Korea defeated Portugal.
While the online operations expected to become profitable by the fourth quarter 2002, the division had a lower loss then in the prior year.
Many put this down to concern about loss of forestry jobs under Labor's environment policy, which had the potential to adversely affect O'Byrne's electorate.
On the May 31, 2018, episode of Impact Wrestling: Under Pressure, Steiner was defeated by his former partner Eli Drake ending their partnership following their title loss.
The 2005 fiscal year financial results saw a 205 billion yen net income loss.
The Stingrays moved to the Southern Division for the 2003–04 season, finishing fourth in the regular season and advancing to the second round of the playoffs, where they were swept three games to none by the Florida Everblades, the final game a crushing 8–2 loss.
The 1916 game against Georgia Tech is famous as the most lopsided loss in the history of college football, with Georgia Tech defeating Cumberland 222-0.
The fighting ended on 15 December; and, two days later, Pakistan officially accepted the loss of its eastern provinces, which became the independent nation, Bangladesh.
Yet he does not approach this absence and loss with the nostalgia that marks Heidegger's attempt to uncover some original truths beneath the accretions of a false metaphysics that have accumulated since Socrates.
The primary class was those who suffered economic damages to their livelihoods, through loss of their business revenues in SL.
After failing to take advantage of a $4 million windfall, Putnam executives covered up the incident and attributed the loss to other mutual funds.
One of the marketing companies, Essentially Yours, states that most subjects on a weight loss regimen lose lean muscle mass along with fat and water weight, so that maintaining lean muscle mass is a benefit seen with Calorad Classic users.
Loss of Life and Property in the Fisheries (1884)
In 1984, researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center reported that they had performed a double-blind, controlled clinical trial comparing phentermine alone, fenfluramine alone, a combination of phentermine and fenfluramine, and placebo, for weight loss in humans.
Allowing for 10,000 remaining, King claimed a loss of 33,827 head from 1869 to 1872.
JC Ice and Wolfie D were removed from the Nation after a loss to the Legion of Doom, the Nation effectively abandoning them to their fate.
After the event, Mickelson called the loss heartbreaking and said "this is tough to swallow after coming so close ...
This loss was offset by the arrival of an allied Greek contingent from the city of Massilia.
It remained accessible to blockade runners for the rest of the war but, like all of the Trans-Mississippi, was rendered worthless to the Rebellion when the loss of Vicksburg completed Federal control of the Mississippi River.
Once iron deficiency anemia is confirmed, gastrointestinal blood loss is presumed to be the cause until proven otherwise since it can be caused by an otherwise asymptomatic colon cancer.
until Germany was forced to acknowledge his loss.
Actress Jenny Agutter regards the film as multilayered, in one regard being a story about children lost in the outback finding their way, and in the other, an allegorical tale about modern society and the loss of innocence.
Weight Watchers has been included in U.S. News and World Reports rankings for 40 most popular diets and has also been listed as No.1 for weight loss and best commercial diets.
This can also tie in with literal castration anxiety in fearing the loss of virility or sexual dominance.
The loss in that game was blamed in part on poor managing,  leaving starter Mark Prior in the game when he had already thrown over 100 pitches instead of going to his bullpen.
Many put this down to concern about loss of forestry jobs under Labor's environment policy, which had the potential to adversely affect Sidebottom's electorate.
Slow cookers do not provide sufficient heat to compensate for loss of moisture and heat due to frequent removal of the lid, e.g., to add and remove food in perpetual stews, (pot-au-feu, olla podrida).
Carroll's team won a then-school record 34 straight games from 2003 to 2005, a streak that started after a triple-overtime loss to California and ended with the national championship game against the Texas Longhorns in the 2006 Rose Bowl.
This looks at first like a loss of freedom on the part of the individuals, and the establishment of an absolute power over them.
Loss of land to the motorway rendered many local farms no longer profitable, in addition to which many landowners were left with small and scattered holdings.
Greenpeace says that deforestation for the production of palm products is a significant cause of climate change, and loss of bio-diversity.
Boxing under the name Jack Brazzo, Palance reportedly compiled a record of 0 wins and 1 loss.
The Millennium Democratic Party, formerly the major liberal party, was the second-largest party prior to the election but sustained the biggest loss in the backlash following its leading role in the impeachment of Roh, as much of its support shifted to the Uri Party.
Symptoms suggestive of liver toxicity include nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dark urine, right upper quadrant pain, and loss of appetite.
It is one cause of hyperventilation with others including infection, blood loss, heart attack, hypocapnia or alkalosis due to chemical imbalances, decreased cerebral blood flow, and increased nerve sensitivity.
As a result, seasons during which algal blooms flourish cause a temporary loss in wildlife.
After leading Cincinnati to six straight wins to begin the 1988 season, on October 16, 1988, he set a single game team record throwing 5 interceptions in a 27–21 loss to the New England Patriots.
Loss of sensitive company information is of significant risk to all businesses and measures should be taken to adequately protect this data.
A unique feature of the i550 is that all programs and data are stored in non-volatile flash memory so that a hard reset of the Palm device will not cause information loss.
In addition, a domestic devaluation merely shifts the economic problem to the country's major trading partners, which may take counter-measures to offset the impact on their economy of a loss of trade income arising from the initial devaluation.
Sepahan also struggled in the Champions League as well, failing to make it past the group stage with a 1–0 loss to Al Hilal on the final match day.
He can no longer remember what the "beademung" was like or even if it was real, but he has a haunting sense of loss.
Convinced that the existing state of affairs, if continued, would end in the loss of South Africa by Britain, Milner visited England in November 1898.
Symptoms can include lymphadenopathy (swelling of the lymph glands), general fatigue and malaise, chills, low-grade fever, sore throat, body aches, night sweats, ulcers in the mouth, pain in the joints and muscles, loss of appetite, headache, and a maculopapular rash on the trunk of the body.
Several studies have noted that even the loss of only large frugivores, such as monkeys, could have a negative effect, since they are responsible for certain types of long-distance seed dispersal that is not seen with other frugivore types, like birds.
In Spanish one may read Bernardo de Aldana's apology for the 1552 loss of the castle of Lippa to the Turks.
It was the largest loss suffered by the UDTs during the war.
Typically associated with a rash called necrolytic migratory erythema, weight loss, and mild diabetes mellitus, most people with glucagonoma contract it spontaneously.
That we are called to mourn the loss of one who was ever to us as the kindest and tenderest father, and that our fondest desire and wish will ever be to perpetuate his memory and emulate his greatness."}}
White Sox Fans wave the Blue Cubs Loss flag after their team defeats the Cubs in mockery of the Cubs Win Flag tradition, in reverse the white Win Flag is waved by the Cubs fans in every win against the White Sox and Go, Cubs, Go is played during home victories as well.
Bird parasite species mitigate the risk of egg loss by distributing eggs amongst a number of different hosts.
In 1932 Davis was devastated by the loss of his wife, Bessie Chosak Davis who died after complications from a botched abortion.
Causes for failure of bicycle gearing include worn teeth, damage caused by a faulty chain, damage due to thermal expansion, broken teeth due to excessive pedaling force, interference by foreign objects, and loss of lubrication due to negligence.
....Even with the weight loss, the Mark V is a huge piece of machinery, albeit a desirable one in terms of potential value.
 Irritability, loss of appetite and insomnia
But they gradually fell apart and disbanded amidst drug use, loss of management, lack of gigs and internal squabbles.
Other cases illustrate variability in the SMS phenotype not previously shown for RAI1 mutation, including hearing loss, absence of self-abusive behaviours, and mild global delays.
The rise of the wokou threat among other factors led to the gradual loss of Chinese preferential treatment; the kingdom also suffered from increased maritime competition from Portuguese traders.
While satellite technology had been subjected to ITAR since 1999, the U.S. had seen its share of global satellite manufacturing halved with, according to the Aerospace Industries Association, an estimated loss of $21 billion in revenue from 1999 to 2009.
Ground crews monitoring radar tracking data from the booster noticed the trajectory angle change to negative numbers, followed by a complete loss of signal.
The singer sustained a fractured skull due to the fall and as a result suffered a loss of his senses of smell and taste.
Despite the loss of a wing in the accident, the aircraft was repaired and returned to service.
During the period of operation, 19 homeward and 11 outward convoys passed through the patrol area without loss and two U-boats (a third of the force) had been destroyed.
Ben Gerson of Rolling Stone magazine said he felt that songs on side two such as "#9 Dream" and "Surprise Surprise" make the album "diverse and spirited", but that side one's songs about Lennon's emotional loss were inconsistent.
Line doubling prevents combing artifacts and maintains smooth motion but can cause a noticeable reduction in picture quality from the loss of vertical resolution and visual anomalies whereby stationary objects can appear to bob up and down as the odd and even lines alternate.
After the Champions Cup final loss in 1964 against Inter Milan, president Santiago Bernabéu offered Di Stéfano a place on the Real Madrid coaching staff instead of renewing the player's contract.
Despite missing most of the 2006–07 season due to a shoulder injury, Nesta played a vital part in Milan's return to the 2007 Champions League final, where Milan avenged their 2005 final loss, defeating Liverpool 2–1 in Athens.
Since the target audience is broad, the number of successful hits is high despite the low probability of a single person turning up, and if all the efforts in one particular area goes in vain, the eventual loss is less compared to one in a narrowly focused area.
Shevchenko made his debut for Chelsea on 13 August 2006 in the FA Community Shield, scoring his side's goal in a 2–1 loss to Liverpool.
In spite of Crohn's and UC being very different diseases, both may present with any of the following symptoms: abdominal pain, diarrhea, rectal bleeding, severe internal cramps/muscle spasms in the region of the pelvis and weight loss.
Involuntary loss in previous provisions
The tail boom failed in flight causing loss of control and subsequent crash into the shallow waters near the beach.
As he grew into his teens, the majority of Sánchez's album titles began to revolve around the loss of his father, i.e.
In the Wild Card Round against the Carolina Panthers, Manning was 10-of-18 for 113 yards and three interceptions in the 23–0 loss.
The loss was a sign of things to come as the Giants started the season with an 0–6 record, their worst regular season start since 1976.
After a loss to the Ole Miss Rebels, the Tigers finished the year with six straight wins, including a win over #2 Tennessee in the 2001 SEC Championship Game, and a 47–34 win over Illinois in the 2002 Sugar Bowl.
Alabama suffered their first loss of the season losing to #11 Ole Miss 23–17 which ended a 10-game win streak against the Rebels.
Some attributed Ianno's loss to his perceived support for the Toronto Port Authority and the Toronto City Centre Airport.
The time frames for progress of the disease vary greatly and symptoms of hearing loss may be temporary or permanent.
Drug exposures mixed with noise potentially lead to increased risk of ototoxic hearing loss.
Meanwhile, p107 has been found to rescue the cell arrest phenotype after loss of Rb even though p107 is expressed at comparatively low levels in G0 cells.
The Aviation Safety Network, part of the Flight Safety Foundation, records 23 hull loss accidents involving the Lancastrian occurring between 1946 and 1964.
The cause of the loss of control cannot be determined with certainty, but a mishandling of the controls by the captain is the most likely explanation.
For the last 40 years of the 20th century, a factory in the town made 35,000 pairs of jeans per week for Marks & Spencer, but closed in 2002 with the loss of 400 jobs when M&S sourced from overseas.
To illustrate the contrasting fortunes of the two teams: during the weekend of games that included June 20–21, the Red Dogs scored 91 points against Texas; the CityHawks scored only nine points in a loss to Tampa Bay.
Australia's 2011 season began with a shock loss to  in Sydney, (23–32) but they would go on to win that year's Tri Nations series; a tournament which they had not won in ten years since the 2001.
The largest loss was against South Africa, who beat Australia 53–8 in 2008.
At the 2004 Premier League Snooker event, he made his career highest break, a 146 in a 3–5 loss to Marco Fu.
First, the dehydration of hydrocerussite is marked by its loss of constitutional OH and later is the freeing of carbon dioxide during the cerussite dissociation.
Geography also played a role in Hance's loss to Doggett; no one from west of San Antonio has ever represented Texas in the U.S. Senate.
Prolonged atrial flutter with fast heart rates may lead to decompensation with loss of normal heart function (heart failure).
Condensation of the  species entails loss of water and the formation of M–O–M linkages.
On 14 October, he scored his 700th senior career goal for club and country from the penalty spot, in his 974th senior career appearance, a 2–1 away loss to Ukraine in a Euro 2020 qualifier.
The streak ended at 57 on March 24, 2007 with a loss at the Division II Championship game to the Barton College Bulldogs 77-75 on a last-second shot.
In the early 1980s, her sense of loss following her husband's death made her consider returning to Trinidad to live, but she found the weather too hot.
Loss of Nikopol (on the Dnieper River, southwest of Zaporozhye) would mean the end of war."
This species is threatened with extinction due to habitat loss, hunting, and overcollecting.
Ischemic stroke occurs because of a loss of blood supply to part of the brain, initiating the ischemic cascade.
After a loss against the Yankees in another exhibition game on April 7 in front of about 1,000 fans on a very cold day, the first game that counted was played on April 9 against the Philadelphia Phillies, with Brooklyn losing, 1–0.
It was during that loss that some of the Vikings players elected to wear earplugs, including Favre.
In order to establish that the loss of sensation under mesmeric trance was real, these itinerant mesmerists indulged in often quite violent methods – including discharging firearms close to the ears of mesmerised subjects, pricking them with needles, putting acid on their skin and knives beneath their fingernails.
The alarm chain in a passenger coach is designed to create a break in the continuity of the brake pipes (whether vacuum or air brakes), immediately resulting in a loss of brake pressure (or vacuum) and thereby causing the train brakes to be applied.
After the loss, Forlani exited from Fanfani's faction and founded "Popular Action", along with Franco Maria Malfatti, Luciano Radi and Oscar Luigi Scalfaro.
That means that the profit or loss per 0.01% change in interest rate as of the start date of the loan (i.e., its present value) is less than US$25.
The sale of naked call options creates a short position for the seller, in which the seller's loss increases with the price of the underlying asset and is therefore potentially unlimited.
Navigation on the Mississippi and Missouri River was closed in early July, resulting in a loss of $2 million (1993) per day in commerce.
The momentum ended with a road loss at Regal FC Barcelona, at the start of the EuroLeague Top 16, but Maccabi surged again with three straight wins to reach the EuroLeague playoffs.
What might anesthetics do to microtubules to cause loss of consciousness?
This also limits loss of information, as the number of stored encrypted messages which will become readable when a key is found will decrease as the frequency of key change increases.
On 23 October the Biafran official radio declared in a broadcast that Ojukwu promised to continue resisting the federal government, and that he attributed the loss of Enugu to subversive actions.
Excess of loss reinsurance can have three forms - "Per Risk XL" (Working XL), "Per Occurrence or Per Event XL" (Catastrophe or Cat XL), and "Aggregate XL".
Fractures in the tailbone allow the tail to separate easily and rapid vasoconstriction allows the gecko to suffer minimal blood loss.
Critics argue that the division of Northumberland County into two distinct political districts as well as the loss of the county's name in the riding title would have had significant negative impacts on the community.
Fluorescence loss in photobleaching (FLIP)
This helps to reduce the risk of incurring permanent loss of data.
Habitat loss is also a large issue for these species.
With Thais being the company's second costly loss, Goldwyn decreased film budgets partly by not using theater divas to cross over to film and reducing design driven films.
However, recent evidence from individuals with traumatic brain injury suggests that smell loss can occur with changes in brain function outside of olfactory cortex.
In March 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) updated its guidance for statin users to address reports of memory loss, liver damage, increased blood sugar, development of type 2 diabetes, and muscle injury.
It also prevents the speed build-up normally associated with steep dives, allowing for rapid loss of altitude, which can be especially useful in hostile environments such as combat zones, and when making steep approaches to land.
The league folded at the end of 1984, following the loss of most of its franchises.
This terminology is especially common in areas of insurance sensitive to loss (like liability insurance) and is addressed by the insurance market through excess line insurance companies through mechanisms such as excess insurance, gap insurance, and umbrella insurance.
The end of the war also meant the final loss of the Dutch East Indies.
"The ensuing loss in vertical load-carrying capacity was confined to a few storeys but extended over the entire cross section of each tower."
Aesthetics, because the presence of teeth gives a natural appearance to the face, and wearing a denture to replace missing teeth provides support for the lips and cheeks and corrects the collapsed appearance that results from the loss of teeth.
In a preseason 35–31 loss to the Washington Redskins on August 16, Maddox completed only 4-of-11 passes for 35 yards and threw an interception during a potential game-winning drive.
Villacis lasted only 3 innings, allowing five runs on six hits and four walks without strikeouts and was credited with the loss.
The compression rate of Smacker can reach 1:12, but at the loss of quality (pixelation).
This connection also provides a small degree of protection against low power supply voltage and loss of a phase.
Retrieval Accuracy – based on the same logic invoked at the previous point, it is preferably to have whole documents translated, rather than queries, because large texts are likely to suffer from less loss of meaning in translation then short queries.
By February 1992, the first on-screen effects of the licence loss became obvious, with TV-am closing its in-house news service and contracting it out to Sky News for a one-off payment.
Henley described the promotional film, like the album itself, as "a commentary on [their] loss of innocence with regard to how the music business really worked".
However, the turning point of the season was a 20-18 loss at the Louisiana Superdome to the New Orleans Breakers on April 22.
The decline in C. graminis is likely to be due to habitat loss resulting from land improvement and arable conversion, over-grazing, development, drainage and lowering of water-tables due to over-abstraction.
The Progressive Party never recovered from this early loss.
Due to ongoing habitat loss, small population size, and hunting in some areas, the cheer pheasant is evaluated as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
The extent of the loss of non-registered historic structures is unknown because any historic building fragments revealed during the demolition of modern structures were also demolished.
| 1978-08-02 || Loss ||align=left| Prayut Sitiboonlert|| KATOGI Event || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 6 || 3:00 || 32-1-2
By the end of the decade, North American SC sales began dwindling due to the lack of significant design updates since the car's introduction and marketplace changes that led to loss of interest in coupes.
On March 13, 2014, Nedvěd played his last career game with Bílí Tygři Liberec in a 6–2 home loss against the HC Vítkovice Steel.
This phenomenon is characterized by a number  called the jet quenching parameter, which relates the energy loss of such a quark to the squared distance traveled through the plasma.
Sutter got his first experience as a head coach with the International Hockey League (IHL), when he was hired to coach the Blackhawks' farm team Saginaw Hawks for the 1988–89 season finishing with a 46–26–10 record and a loss in the first round of the playoffs.
race season, all teams are using seamless-shift transmissions, which allow almost instantaneous changing of gears with minimum loss of drive.
After the loss of Kairouan in 1057 the rule of the Zirids was limited to a coastal strip with Mahdia as the capital, while several Bedouin Emirates formed inland.
After an August 1926 loss in which Frisch had missed a sign, costing the Giants a run, McGraw had loudly berated Frisch in front of the team; Frisch responded by leaving the team, and his previously close relationship with McGraw virtually ended.
An ill-timed attempt to take over Hill Samuel resulted in the loss of city confidence in Slater Walker and Jim Slater became for a time a "minus millionaire".
The Chiefs didn't have a great start to the 2019 season, losing 4 games straight of the bat, including a loss to the Sunwolves (30-15).
The team has participated in every Olympic tournament through 2016 and reached the gold medal game in each until 2016, when they were eliminated in the quarterfinals on a penalty shootout loss to Sweden.
It can be a transition from the subspace without decoherent loss of a qubit to a state with a qubit lost in a quantum computer.
In the final week of the regular season, the Patriots avenged their loss to the Bills by the same 31–0 score.
Next he visits the newspaper office to place an advertisement about the loss of his nose, where they are dealing with a missing dog.
He also had five catches for 50 yards and a touchdown in a week 10 Thursday Night Football loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
Many of Godflesh's themes deal with inner conflict, violence, destruction, corruption, religion, loss, emotional extremes and fear.
Determining the extent that genetics play in these abnormalities may lead to potential treatments for their reversal, potentially correcting the loss of inhibition while enhancing mechanisms in the body that would compensate for their effects.
The most extreme form of "forward" defending, Gegenpressing (, "counter-pressing"), invented by Ralf Rangnick and exemplified by teams managed by German managers such as Jürgen Klopp and Thomas Tuchel, requires each attacker to press the opposition immediately upon loss of possession.
After the disappointing playoff loss to the Sharks, Granato was replaced by Joel Quenneville.
It is much easier to determine when title transfers by referring to the agreed upon terms and conditions of the transaction; typically, title passes with risk of loss.
On the 26 March 2008 Liechtenstein had an embarrassing 7–1 loss to fellow small nation in Europe, Malta.
Quebec burned at Tadoussac in 1950 with the loss of seven lives, and the other three ships continued on the route until 1965.
Early symptoms may include loss of precision muscle coordination (sometimes first manifested in declining penmanship, frequent small injuries to the hands, and dropped items), cramping pain with sustained use, and trembling.
Suzuki competed in a six-man tag team match with new teammates Genki Horiguchi and Yasushi Kanda against Cima, Dragon Kid, and Ryo Saito that resulted in a disqualification loss for his team after assaulting the referee.
Andorra's first match in a FIFA-sanctioned competition was a 3–1 loss to Armenia on 5 September 1998 in a qualifier for UEFA Euro 2000.
Medieval suburbs suffered from loss of protection of city walls, before the advent of industrial warfare.
On 5 April 2021, LG announced its withdrawal from the phone manufacturing industry after continuous loss in the market.
In 2009, she appeared in the original cast of Love, Loss, and What I Wore.
In the Wild Card Round against the New York Jets, Brees had 319 passing yards, two passing touchdowns, and one interception in the 20–17 overtime loss.
In the 36–20 loss, he was 27-of-45 for 356 yards and two touchdowns.
Cordotomy (or chordotomy) is a surgical procedure that disables selected pain-conducting tracts in the spinal cord, in order to achieve loss of pain and temperature perception.
The loss of microbicidal activity and increased formation of biofilm due to decreased lactoferrin activity is observed in patients with cystic fibrosis.
An anesthetic (American English) or anaesthetic (British English; see spelling differences) is a drug used to induce anesthesia ⁠— ⁠in other words, to result in a temporary loss of sensation or awareness.
The film recorded a loss of $1.6 million.
Another potential mechanism might be skewed X-chromosome inactivation, leading to the escape of X-linked self-antigens from presentation in the thymus and loss of T-cell tolerance.
Sheppard's vernacular music has suffered seriously from the loss of manuscript sources.
In the past, earthquake loss was assessed using a collection of mass inventory data and was based mostly on experts' opinions.
Some adoptees remembered feeling a sense of loss of the relationships that they had with people when they left their South Korean orphanages.
With a 0–6–1 record, the Yanks season was already over, and their attendance crashed in response: their sole home game in that span, a 29–27 loss to Green Bay, drew just 7,351 fans.
READ by 4th's comprehensive strategy includes improving early learning, providing parents with resources to teach their children reading skills, emphasizing summer reading and other strategies to prevent learning loss, decreasing absenteeism by addressing behavioral and health concerns, and enhancing reading instruction in schools.
He caught a two-point pass in the Patriots 43–43 tie with the Oakland Raiders at Fenway Park on October 16, 1964, and caught a two-point pass in the Patriots 24–14 loss to the Buffalo Bills at Fenway Park on December 20, 1964.
The Wolves had their best season start in their 14-year history, during the 2007–08 season, winning 13 of the first 14 games, with an overtime loss.
Some scholars suggest that a prize instead of patent would solve the problem of deadweight loss, when innovators got their reward from the prize, provided by the government or non-profit organization, rather than directly selling to the market, see Millennium Prize Problems.
The Franks failed to capture Zaragoza and suffered a significant loss at the hands of the Vascones, but Charlemagne would return to establish the Marca Hispanica, to serve as a buffer region between his Christian empire and the Muslims to the south.
All 6 crew members and 36 passengers survived the incident but the aircraft was a total loss.
One way this loss of culture can be seen is through residential schools.
Wishing to encourage the growth of flax, he then took a tract of land which he devoted to its culture, but owing to some mismanagement the enterprise entailed a heavy loss.
Despite the loss, Moyá had no points to defend (he had not played a grass-court match in a few years), resulting in his moving to world No.
The short story portrays a rock star struggling to come to terms with the loss of his girlfriend, who committed suicide by gunshot after he repeatedly strayed from their relationship.
Despite her loss, Russia ended up beating Spain 3-2 to move on to the semifinals versus Serbia.
Futre was a member of the national team that competed in the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico, playing 90 minutes in the 1–3 loss to Morocco in an eventual group stage exit.
The M-Braves' first season began on April 18, 2005 at Trustmark Park with a loss to the Montgomery Biscuits.
If this change occurred to a different address bit, the decoding results would be different, but in general the effect would be the same: the loss of a single address bit cuts the available memory space in half, with resulting duplication (aliasing) of the remaining space.
Nearly 20 years later the Missions hosted a rematch and, on June 24, 2010, the child finally avenged his loss.
Following the loss of Como Island, the Portuguese army, navy and the air force (FAP) began the Operation Tridente, a combined arms operation to retake the island.
In a start against the Yankees on May 3, Cuellar allowed seven hits and six runs in  innings, taking the loss in an 8–1 defeat.
There was no loss of life.
Bouyei shows de-voicing of Proto-Tai–Kadai's voiced consonants ( → ,  → ,  → ), and loss of aspiration.
Naval Institute theorised rogue waves may be responsible for the unexplained loss of low-flying aircraft, such as U.S. Coast Guard helicopters during search and rescue missions.
Similar hexagonal fracture patterns are found in desiccation cracks in mud where contraction is due to loss of water instead of cooling.
Peabody's loss was variously attributed to his controversial opposition to the death penalty, his stiff demeanor in television appearances, and a bruising defeat he suffered early in his term in opposing the winning candidate for Speaker of the Massachusetts General Court.
In 1810 he became stranded in Boston by the loss of his entire fortune in the Napoleonic Wars and the ensuing economic crash.
Eaton, et al., advocate a permitting process for utility cuts with specifications that avoid loss of structural continuity of pavements and flaws or failures that allow water penetration.
Their tournament ended in the second group stage, after a Polish hat-trick by Zbigniew Boniek and a 0–1 loss against the Soviet Union.
They were determined to win the gold medal, but fell short with a 1–4 loss to Hungary.
After the loss of his father, Aiyar's mother had to negotiate with Doon to allow him to continue his studies with reduced fees and in return he taught at the school.
This assures that cutoff from the depletion sensors is fuel-rich; oxidizer-rich engine shutdowns can cause burning and severe erosion of engine components, potentially leading to loss of the vehicle and crew.
Loss of world middleweight championship, November, 1908
Crito asserts that if Socrates is executed, Crito will suffer a personal misfortune through the loss of a great friend.
Minor cases of demodectic mange usually do not cause much itching but might cause pustules, redness, scaling, leathery skin, hair loss, skin that is warm to the touch, or any combination of these.
Late loss is one metric that is useful in determining the effectiveness of vascular interventions in clinical trials for either an individual patient or a group of patients.
The plan is controversial: Governor Laiskodat has suggested that an expensive entrance fee be charged to foreign tourists while local villagers who live on Komodo Island are worried about the possible loss of income.
Nacional, a 1–3 home loss for his 382nd game in the Portuguese top division.
Instead, quantum fluctuations, arising from Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, drive the loss of order characteristic of a QPT.
As such, the crisis hit hardly the populace as the series of sudden reforms and austerity measures led to impoverishment and loss of income and property, as well as a small-scale humanitarian crisis.
Loss of the Bismarck (Sea Battles in Close-Up).
There is a loss in non-extracted polyphenols, a class of phytonutrients, in fruit juice compared to whole plant foods.
On May 28, in a game against the Oakland Athletics in Detroit, Cabrera hit three home runs in a 5–4 Tigers loss.
De Boer's first competitive match was a 2–0 away loss to Chievo on 21 August.
Twelve years pass and Archer, still plagued by memory loss, lives with T'Pol in a house on the colony.
Otherwise, all this coal would remain unexcavated in the cave, which would be a great loss for the national economy.
Stasiak wrestled his final match with IWE on May 5, 1969, teaming with Dixon and Morgan in a loss to Sugiyama, Toyonobori, and the  Great Kusatsu.
On the pitch, Germany had done well in 1934, but after a 0–2 loss to Norway in the quarter finals of the 1936 Summer Olympics, with Adolf Hitler attending, the DFB and football fell from grace.
After a loss to The Headshrinkers, Pierre and Polo turned on Rougeau.
This deliberate self-portraiture signals that the film is a submerged commentary on the decline of his career in the movie industry as well as his loss of Dietrich as a lover.
He is especially known internationally for being the captain of Yugoslavia during the 1968 European Football Championship, where the side took silver after a tight loss to the home team Italy after a two-legged final at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome.
Robinson's first Six Nations campaign in 2005 resulted in fourth place for England, and although they defeated Australia 26–16 at Twickenham in the Autumn internationals, this was followed by a 23–19 loss to the All Blacks.
A court of inquiry found that wrong engine relight drills given to the pilots contributed to the crash, concluding that an "Incorrect relight procedure devised by the designer and adopted by the crew at insufficient height leading to rapid loss of altitude and abnormal behaviour of aircraft resulted into accident."
Despite the loss of their language, the ethnic group remains distinct and has left a lasting impression on the American West.
This repeated loss suggests that cardiac myoglobin may be vestigial or even detrimental to icefish.
This, and the resentment felt at the loss of their autonomy when they were incorporated into Spain in 1833, account for the strong support given by many Navarrese to the Carlist cause.
Scores from the remaining three batsmen out of the top four (Hayden (37), Ponting (54) and Martyn (42)) took Australia to 262 for the loss of just two wickets at the end of first day's play.
On ice, the seal can press its fore-flippers to its body and its hind-flippers together to reduce heat loss.
Defeats to the eventual champions Brazil, the emerging Soviet Union and a draw against a weakened England (who were rebuilding after the loss of several of their key players due to the Munich air disaster) prevented the team from reaching the next round.
Belak earned his first point as a Flame on April 1, 1999, getting an assist in a 4–1 loss to the Coyotes, that being his only point in nine games with Calgary.
Originally in treatment for social anxiety and memory loss, after extended therapy involving amobarbital and hypnosis interviews, Sybil manifests sixteen personalities.
Physically, this means that gravity is weak because there is a loss of flux to the extra dimensions.
Women with gestational diabetes who receive lifestyle interventions seem to have less postpartum depression, and were more likely to reach their weight loss targets after giving birth, than women who had no intervention.
The loss of night vision because of the accommodation reflex of drivers' eyes is the greatest danger.
Against Iowa, on September 7, he threw for 343 yards and three touchdowns in a disappointing 29–24 loss.
The Steelers clinched the AFC North in Week 15 with a win over the Baltimore Ravens, and with a loss to the Tennessee Titans the following week clinched the No.
In Week 2, in a 42–37 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, Roethlisberger passed for 452 yards, three touchdowns, and had a rushing touchdown.
By 1980, although 17 charter airlines were operating from the airport, it was making a loss.
Both parties were to be equally interested in the sale of the land, and were to share equally any profit or loss.
HX 112 Attacked in March 1941, this battle was notable for seeing the loss to the German navy of two of its U-boat aces, Otto Kretschmer and Joachim Schepke.
The Democrats responded with harsh criticisms of Morton and Lincoln, the conduct of the war, and the issues of emancipation and the loss of constitutional rights, among others.
In Round 10, on 18 May the Warriors lost 6–62 to the Penrith Panthers which was their largest ever loss in the club's history.
Though elevated to junior ministerial office as Minister for Housing and Construction before moving later to the Treasury, Gow was known to be disappointed by his loss of influence with the Prime Minister in his new role.
This leaves the greater, and, in case of cost per mille, the full risk and loss (if the visitor cannot be converted) to the advertiser.
Figueras' fellow federalist and government minister Francisco Pi y Margall was elected on 11 June, but on his speech to the Assembly he declared he was at a complete loss and without a program.
Despite the loss of Craig's financial resources, the party managed to rebuild some of its membership.
Teams must advance the ball or be subjected to loss of possession.
Secondary post-Norse loss of n before s:  "to wash" (),  "left" (Old Norse  with /w/-sound)
In response to the 2017 Las Vegas shooting, Blunt said he was "saddened by the tragic loss of life" and offered his thoughts to the victims.
Many  attribute the loss to a phone and mail campaign by the Public Service Alliance of Canada, which was upset at the Progressive Conservative Government's cuts to the civil service.
The announcement led to speculation about the effects the loss of JFCOM would have on the Hampton Roads economy in general and (more specifically), on the future of related businesses located in the Harborview section of Suffolk.
After his death, Barbara Roberts wrote the book Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology: A Guide for Facing Death and Loss.
He scored in a 2–1 loss to Germany in a friendly at the new Wembley in 2007.
Braddock was greatly depressed by the loss and badly fractured his right hand in several places in the process.
She did not return to competitive tennis until March, six months after her loss to Mallory.
On October 3, 2004 Chávez recorded the final out in Expos history in their 8–1 loss to the Mets at Shea Stadium.
Despite their long and adversarial history, she supports Robert Romano through the ordeal with the loss of his arm; and similarly she overcomes her deep dislike of Kerry Weaver to be supportive of her following the death of her partner Sandy Lopez, although they never really mend fences and this plays a large part in her exit from County.
He started the seventh game of the Series, lasting  innings in a 5–0 loss as the Braves won the Series.
Through a private suit, the recipient can either recover the actual monetary loss that resulted from the TCPA violation, or receive $500 in damages for each violation, whichever is greater.
After 2000 an increasing number of companies began using the five stages model to explain reactions to change and loss.
The Knights played 54 consecutive games without a loss between 1934 and 1941.
Initially, Watanabe looks to nightclubs and women to live life to the fullest, but winds up singing the 1915 song "Gondola no Uta" as an expression of loss.
Blood tests will reveal low blood levels of potassium and chloride in association with an increased blood pH and high blood bicarbonate level due to loss of stomach acid (which contains hydrochloric acid) from persistent vomiting.
Initially there are generally no symptoms; later, symptoms may include leg swelling, feeling tired, vomiting, loss of appetite, and confusion.
Other serious environmental problems in the region include loss of forest cover for agriculture, illegal selective logging (particularly for mahogany), and illegal poaching of endangered species (particularly the giant river otter, Amazonian turtles, caimans, and monkeys and macaws as pets). .
They opened their 2002 World Cup campaign with a narrow loss to Mexico before producing a 2–1 victory over Italy in the next fixture.
After the war, the USAF claimed 792 MiG-15s and 108 additional aircraft shot down by Sabres for the loss of 78 Sabres.
The treaty marked both the United Kingdom's last permanent major loss of territory in what is now the Continental United States and the United States' first permanent significant cession of North American territory to a foreign power, the second being the Webster–Ashburton Treaty of 1842.
Texas wild rice is in danger of extinction due to loss of suitable habitat in its limited range and to pollution.
The ship was laid down, fully framed and partially plated up to the bottom of the waterline belt armour when work was ordered stopped in 1871 in light of the loss of the ironclad turret ship  in a heavy storm the previous year.
Pujols hit his 300th home run against Bob Howry on July 4 in a 2–1 loss to the Cubs.
(resulting in his loss of flight for most of season two) to cloning himself into an army, all of which end in failure, and he becomes more comedic in his ineptitude.
When the group realize the connection between Peter Parker photographing Spider-Man, the Insidious Six overpower and unmask him due to the hero's temporary loss of powers at the time, only to assume Parker came to fight them himself because he could not find the real Spider-Man.
The Shōgun allowed this because he wished to appease the Shimazu and prevent potential uprisings after their loss at Sekigahara.
Just after Ouimet returned to the cockpit, the cockpit "master warning" light lit up, warning the pilots of a loss of emergency electrical power.
Organizers refunded the registration fees for the roughly 900 circles producing Kuroko's Basketball items, resulting in a loss for Comiket of roughly ¥10 million.
In spite of Cork's loss Wexford's Nick O'Donnell and Bobby Rackard, in an unparalleled display of sportsmanship in any game, raised Christy Ring onto their shoulders and carried him off the field.
Grade 3 muscle strain is the most severe injury grade with the muscle being either completely torn or experiencing complete loss of function.
The team did not score a single goal and finished last in their group in the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup after two 0–0 draws to El Salvador and Costa Rica, while also suffering a 1–0 loss against Jamaica.
He wrote nearly 40 books including Surviving the Loss of a Love (1971),  The Personal Computer Book (1982) and  Life 101: Everything We Wish We Had Learned About Life in School but Didn't (1990).
On 21 April 2012, Swindon were promoted to the League One after Crawley Town's 1–1 draw with Dagenham & Redbridge and Torquay United's 2–0 loss to AFC Wimbledon, despite Di Canio's side having lost 3–1 to Gillingham on the same day.
After years of competition and decline and continual financial loss, by a vote of the state legislature the Chenango Canal was closed in 1878– just four decades and four years after it was opened.
Hence, the net radiative heat loss is about
Walker describes the diet as approaching weight loss "as an engineering problem", claiming that his approach enabled him to reduce his weight from 98 kg to 66 kg in a year, and keep it stable afterwards.
In 1909, Michigan suffered its first loss to Notre Dame.
Warpath has a bond of sorts with fellow X-Men Hepzibah; Hepzibah remarks that his presence has helped her mourn her loss of Corsair.
He scored his first goal since return to the Superliga on 2 November 2013 in a 2–1 loss to P.A.O.K.
Progressive loss of kidney function (reflected clinically by increases in serum creatinine or decreases in estimated glomerular filtration rate) can occur and may require treatment with renal replacement: dialysis or a kidney transplant.
 Malignant hypertension can cause ischemia of the optic nerve head leading to transient monocular visual loss.
In 1779, the Anglo-French war broke out, resulting in the French loss of Mahé.
In optimal control theory, the Hamilton–Jacobi–Bellman (HJB) equation gives a necessary and sufficient condition for optimality of a control with respect to a loss function.
On 26 October 2014 Gattuso tended his resignation as head coach of OFI Crete, following a 2–3 home loss to Asteras Tripolis, citing the club's financial difficulties as one of the main reasons behind his decision.
Morientes made his debut for Liverpool on 15 January 2005 against Manchester United, starting in a 0–1 home loss to the rivals – BBC Sport described his performance as "quiet".
Residents of Aylmer were particularly against the amalgamation, citing fears of reduced municipal services, more suburban development, and a loss of cultural identity, as well as geographic differences (Hull and Gatineau arguably constitute a region of conurbation, whereas Aylmer was at the time separated by an expanse of sparsely inhabited green space).
Moreover, men with congenital 5α-reductase type II deficiency, 5α-reductase being an enzyme that greatly potentiates the androgenic effects of testosterone in the skin, have little to no acne, scanty facial hair, reduced body hair, and reportedly no incidence of male-pattern hair loss.
The group was composed primarily of governmental spending critics and homeowners near Rosenblatt Stadium who stood to lose money from the loss of proximity of the College World Series.
The explosion tore off most of the aircraft's vertical stabilizer and ruptured all four of the hydraulic systems, causing the loss of all flight control surfaces and rendering the aircraft uncontrollable.
He blamed the Klan's opposition to his candidacy for his loss in the Georgia presidential primary to former Secretary of the Treasury William Gibbs McAdoo.
If communication was interrupted due to a loss of a signal, the taxi driver asked the base station operator to repeat the message on a different frequency.
Running on half power due to the loss of one of its solar panels, the spacecraft flew by Mars on August 6, 1965 at 5.62 km/s, 1,500 km away from the planet.
Devastated by the loss of Sara, Leon returns to the castle to confront Walter and defeats him.
Since spectacled eiders live in frigid areas that are not easily accessible to humans their main habitat loss has been a result of climate change.
Foster stressed his editorial independence, while Jones vowed that he was willing to risk financial loss and personal safety to side against the KKK.
On 11 September 2016, Mourinho lost his first Manchester derby as a manager in a 2–1 defeat to Manchester City; this was also his eighth loss against his rival manager while with Real Madrid, former Barça manager Pep Guardiola.
India's loss to China in a brief Himalayan border war in October 1962, provided the New Delhi government impetus for developing nuclear weapons as a means of deterring potential Chinese aggression.
They are useful in reducing the bacterial concentration of an open wound, as well as reducing fluid loss.
As is the case with parametric weather insurance, there is no proof of loss provision.
Composite siding products containing cellulose (wood fibers) have been shown to have problems with deterioration, delamination, or loss of coating adhesion in certain climates or under certain environmental conditions.
He took the loss in Game 2 of the NLCS, giving up an unearned run while pitching the ninth inning.
One of the most important points made by dam expansion opponents is that raising the dam will not create more water (in fact it will actually cause some water loss due to evaporation) but merely increases the capacity to store it.
Joe tells Jill he wants to marry her, while Carolyn mourns the possible loss of her romance with Jeff.
One of them, a 36–3 win in Dunedin, was at the time the heaviest loss ever by a World Cup holding team.
By the end of the year, Alain Prost, who had finished second in the 1983 Drivers' Championship with Renault but was fired after publicly criticising the team following the loss of both the Drivers' and Constructors Championships, had been signed to replace Watson.
Corresponding with the rise of the environmentalism movement and a general loss of optimism of the power of science and technology unfettered to solve the problems of the world, this new history encouraged many critics to pronounce the preeminence of science to be overthrown .
Despite the loss, Žalgiris was awarded the bronze medal for the first time since 2010.
Although he did play in the 2007 World Cup he was not in the team for the All Blacks quarter-final loss to France.
With the Panthers in 1983 and 1986 and the Grizzlies in 1985, both teams were able to win the title without a loss all season.
With most of Cyrus' army intact and the loss of most of the Lydian cavalry, Cyrus ordered all cavalry and infantry to attack what remained of Croesus' forces.
The design paradigm of sloping the tail to reduce drag was carried to an extreme on cars such as the Cunningham C-5R, resulting in an airfoil effect lifting the rear of the car at speed and so running the risk of instability or loss of control.
After his final loss in 1931, he played in the event twice more, losing in the semi final on both occasions, to Clark McConachy, and Willie Smith respectively.
Valero de Bernabé was given a place to sleep in a building where the French officers were with the protection of this individual, sympathizing with them the loss of comrades.
By the 1650s, the attitudes of both colonists and Indians in New England was changing – and with only a small part of original Indian lands from those that existed in 1620 remaining, young Indians pressured their leadership to take action against the colonists to prevent further land loss.
McLean was thrust into the starter's role in the first month of the 1999–2000 season, as Richter was sidelined with back problems early  He made his Rangers debut in the season opener, making 25 saves in a 2–1 loss on October 5, 1999.
Despite the loss of one of its signature duties the committee continued to play a prominent role in the major issues of the nation.
His first goal for the Galicians came in his fifth match on 31 October: coming on at half time for Luis Fariña, he scored a consolation in a 1–2 home loss to Getafe CF.
To definitely end with these anomalies, a national Referendum was held on November 8, 1998, in order to approve a new regionalization (Referendo à Regionalização), which was rejected by over 60% of the voting population on account of disagreements over the loss of sovereignty of some districts to others (e.g.
That same day, communication problems and misunderstandings, led to the withdrawal of two Indian brigades, and loss of the crucial Kranji–Jurong ridge through the western side of the island.
The inner surface can be laminated or co-extruded with a polymer with an affinity for meat protein causing the meat to stick to the film, resulting in some loss when the casing is peeled, but higher overall yield due to better moisture control.
In the 2005–06 season, Campbell was blighted both with injuries and a loss of form.
He had the habit of trying out theories of people with her, a sharp observer, as he solved his cases, and he misses that immediately as he grieves the loss of her.
Loss of h affected nouns and adjectives ending in *-s or *-h, such as kuningas 'king'.
His older brother John died in the explosion, and his father was devastated by the loss.
Numerous factors, particularly loss of nesting habitat due to logging and global warming, as well as persecution (largely via poisoning) and other anthropogenic mortality (largely through contact with various manmade objects) are driving the once numerous tawny eagle perhaps to the brink of extinction.
John Harvey Whitson, a contributor to the Beadle's dime novel series, described Victor's loss in the following words,
During her major overhaul in the spring of that year, she received the SUBSAFE submarine safety improvements designed in the wake of the tragic loss of submarine  in April 1963.
Källström remained at Lyon and, in the second round of the Ligue 1 season, was sent off after spitting towards a linesman during a 1–0 loss at Toulouse.
An emitter restricts water flow passage through it, thus creating head loss required (to the extent of atmospheric pressure) to emit water in the form of droplets.
The Torsen-based quattro-equipped vehicle is able to execute a more stable high-speed turn under deceleration, with less risk of losing control due to loss of grip in the front or rear axles.
Martínez made his postseason debut in Game 3 of the ALCS against the California Angels, pitching  innings while allowing three runs on eight hits while striking out four, although he did not receive a decision in the 4–3 loss.
At lower values of surface power density (in the range of about 103 W/mm2) the loss of material by evaporation is negligible for most metals, which is favorable for welding.
A few projects caused loss of life.
The teams played a return match on the same ground at Easter, 1877, when Lillywhite's team avenged their loss with a victory by four wickets.
After Faldo finished, he hugged Norman and whispered something in his ear, which years later Norman confirmed to have included the line "Don't let the bastards get you down," a reference to the media, which Faldo assumed would aggressively hound Norman for the loss.
They then came back to the Caribbean in 2014 for another 2 match test series and the West Indies claimed revenge on Bangladesh for that 2-test series loss that they gave them 5 years earlier by defeating in both test matches.
The Sabres' Roger Crozier made 53 saves in a 3–0 loss.
He remained neutral during Napoleon's return to power, feeling himself bound to Louis XVIII by his engagements as a Peer of France, but after Waterloo he was punished for refusing to take part in the court martial of Marshal Michel Ney by imprisonment and the loss of his marshalate and peerage.
The Oxford Companion to Philosophy writes "Evans's untimely death was a great loss for British philosophy".
The law of diminishing returns does not cause a decrease in overall production capabilities, rather it defines a point on a production curve whereby producing an additional unit of output will result in a loss and is known as negative returns.
The Sharks ended their run at the Cow Palace at the conclusion of the 1992–93 season with a 3-2 loss to eventual Campbell Conference champion Los Angeles on April 10, 1993.
Stress was originally penultimate and loss of final short vowels made many words have final stress.
This requires heavily insulated pipes, which are expensive and inefficient; whereas electricity can be transmitted along a comparatively simple wire, and over much longer distances for the same energy loss.
On November 13, 1927, Nevers ran 36 yards for a touchdown and kicked the extra point to account for Duluth's scoring in a 13–7 loss to the Providence Steam Roller.
It is endangered due to the widespread loss of riverine forest, increasing land development along rivers and dam construction.
While visiting Farragut and his family a short time later to express thanks for their care of his father and sympathy for their loss, Commodore Porter offered to take eight-year-old James Glasgow Farragut into his own household.
Because of the great loss of life in the war, even though Hadrian was victorious, he refused a triumph.
Jardel made his competitive debut for the Sailors during the 2010–11 season on 7 August 2010 in a 0–2 away loss against Lokomotiv Plovdiv, coming on as a substitute for compatriot Marco Tiago.
Despite their loss, the Toros and Clovers leave with a newfound respect for each other, with Isis complimenting Torrance on leading the squad and Torrance admitting the Clovers were deserving of their victory.
WACY reached a turning point with the pending loss of UPN programming, as a result of the shutdown of the network and The CW's launch.
The Athletics advanced to the 1988 World Series where they lost to the Los Angeles Dodgers in five games, including their Game 1 loss on Kirk Gibson's famous home run.
Reconstructive surgery to treat hearing loss is considered as an option for children older than five, with a cosmetic surgical procedure to reduce the size or change the shape of the ear is called an otoplasty.
Studies have not clarified whether ghrelin levels return to normal in people who had gastric bypass surgery after weight loss has stabilized.
Asian Cup 2004: Three-time Asian champions Saudi Arabia suffers a 1–0 loss to Uzbekistan by an early goal on the 13th minute.
Gelastic cataplexy, the sudden loss of muscle tone when the affected patient laughs, is also seen.
For example, Y181C and Y188L result in the loss of important aromatic rings involved in NNRTI binding.
Hyperlactatemia,  bone mineral density (BMD) loss, reduction in limb fat and an increase in triglycerides were found when administered in high dosages.
In a neutral loss scan, the first mass analyzer scans all the masses.
"I remember when the Chiefs played the Chicago Bears the summer after the loss to Green Bay in the first Super Bowl", team owner Lamar Hunt said.
Swedish king Gustaf IV Adolf also stayed there for six weeks in the summer of 1808 prior to the 1809 loss of Finland to Russia.
However, the most important concern is that the driver can effectively convey torque to the steering system; this is especially important in vehicles without power steering or in the rare event of a loss of steering assist.
This was her third loss of the year in finals out of four tournaments played so far.
Despite taking the opening set in the semifinals, Sharapova's run in Rome ended with a three set loss to world No.
There was no loss of life but a major portion of their supplies was lost.
He was handcuffed briefly and had his car impounded following a traffic stop just a few hours before the Chargers' playoff loss to the New York Jets.
The sides and back of the enclosure are typically insulated to reduce heat loss to the ambient.
Ferreira made two appearances for Portugal in the 2006 World Cup: in the 0–1 semi-final loss against France, he replaced injured Miguel during the second half, and started the third place play-off against the host country Germany (1–3 defeat).
Defeating number three France, the second opening game loss for a World Cup hosting nation, moved them into fourth place, their highest position since the IRB World Rankings were established.
The commission determined that inadequate fire detection and suppression facilities in the class B cargo bays (the type used aboard the 747-200 Combi) were the primary cause of the aircraft's loss.
On 10 October 2017, six years after the last loss for that stage of the competition, he was on the bench as the team lost 1–3 in Bosnia and Herzegovina for the 2019 European Championship qualifiers.
A couple of weeks later in late June in the Wimbledon singles he again suffered a surprise loss to Ian Collins in the second round.
Grid-tie inverters are designed to shut down automatically upon loss of utility supply, for safety reasons.
One of Infantino's collaborators at FIFA said it was a massive loss, especially now that his work was beginning to make a difference for the whole organization.
If the force of the push is sufficiently large, the inertia of the wheel will cause the tire to completely lift off the road surface resulting in a loss of traction and control.
Playing the Ottawa Senators in the opening round, Crosby scored a goal in his Stanley Cup playoff debut in a 6–3 loss.
While in recent times cattle ranching and soya cultivation have led to considerable habitat loss, and while there is still illegal logging, no shortage of the bark is reported.
Rosamun, struck dumb by the sudden loss of her husband, fell into one of her trances, sinking so deep that she never re-emerged.
Hair loss is also a risk of protein malnutrition.
After this horrific loss, he retired to Capay Ranch.
In 2009, she also became the spokeswoman for alli, the only FDA-approved over-the-counter weight loss product, which features the artist in a national marketing campaign.
In December 2010, Stena Line announced that the service would be withdrawn at the end of 2010, with the loss of 140 jobs.
146,000 rubles were to be paid to Poland as compensation for the loss of the Left Bank.
The feeble offensive was mocked by the British, and Peltz' forces incurred a 10 percent loss rate per sortie, for little military gain and 329 bombers were lost.
Flashbacks can range from distraction to complete dissociation or loss of awareness of the current context.
13 Staffel flew some 2000 sorties while part of JG 52, claiming between 204 and 215 enemy aircraft shot down, for the loss of seven pilots killed, although the claims may have been exaggerated for propaganda purposes, it being stated post-war by surviving pilots that most of the victories had been fabricated.
Loss of the Karluk and rescue of survivors
A cold press juicer uses the mastication process to extract juice from fruit and vegetable without the loss of oxygen or heat-sensitive nutrients as there is less friction involved.
He believes that as a result of his behavior, and the community's sympathy for Caroline, "no girl in Gibbsville—worth having—would risk the loss of reputation which would be her punishment for getting herself identified with him".
 Diet Review: Ketogenic Diet for Weight Loss, from the Harvard University School of Public Health
In an interview with the Daily Mirror newspaper, in 2000 she spoke about her manic depression, as well as memory loss and spending ten weeks in a psychiatric hospital.
These eruptions, in May 1902, had destroyed the town of Saint-Pierre, with enormous loss of life.
Following a 20–33 loss to the All Blacks that October, the famous 21–21 draw happened on 2 November, with Porta kicking four penalties and three drop goals for 21 points.
The departures of Olajuwon and Young after the 1984 NCAA Final, in addition to the loss of Drexler and Larry Micheaux the previous year, brought the Phi Slama Jama era at Houston to a close.
In 2009 this parrot was downlisted from Endangered to Near Threatened because although it has a very small range within which there has been extensive forest loss and fragmentation, it apparently remains common in degraded and cultivated habitats and there is no evidence of a continuing decline.
The dietary fiber from the corm of konjac is used as a component of weight loss supplements.
All patients lose weight after gastrectomy, although the extent of weight loss is dependent on the extent of surgery (total gastrectomy vs partial gastrectomy) and the pre-operative BMI.
Victims report loss of licensure, professional credentials and employment while their falsely filed felonies languish through the system, depriving them of income and their rights.
In 2009, Time listed Daily Kos in its "Most Overrated Blogs" section due to the loss of its mission, fighting the "oppressive and war-crazed" Republican administration, during Democrat Barack Obama's presidency.
As Tsushima Island had suffered greatly from its loss of trade with Korea as a result of the invasions, Sō Yoshitoshi of the Sō clan, then dominant in Tsushima, undertook the lead in the peace negotiations by Japan.
In the quarter-finals of the same competition, he scored a consolation goal in the 1–4 away loss against Sevilla FC.
New sources of LOX were required, situated close to the missile launching sites to reduce as far as possible the loss of propellant through evaporation.
Sumatran rhinoceros are on the verge of extinction due to loss of habitat and illegal hunting.
While Melburnians were enthralled by Wills and the Aboriginal team, the annual intercolonial between Victoria and New South Wales—usually the season highlight—failed to excite public interest, and Victoria's loss in Sydney was partly attributed to Wills' absence.
The first of those friendly matches was a 5–1 loss against Argentina, and it marked the first international game by the Paraguayan national football team.
Dominica suffered the loss of 80% of its banana crop, and landslides cut off many towns for days.
Loss aversion, therefore, cannot wholly explain the status quo bias, with other potential causes including regret avoidance, transaction costs and psychological commitment.
It resulted in a loss for Walt Disney Productions and put the future of the animation department in jeopardy (earning it the nickname "the film that almost killed Disney").
But after deciding that there was too much danger of capture or loss in the snowy Pyrenees, he made his way on stolen bicycles north-eastward across France and escaped into Switzerland on May 5, 1944, near Fêche-l'Église.
Smith made his St. Louis debut on May 6, 1990, allowing two runs on three hits in an inning of work during a 5–1 loss.
The ship sank with a loss of 63 hands as well as the kaiten pilot.
This led to a loss of All Japan's TV deal and a period of hardship for the company.
Polhemus believed that such changes, including the changing ethical standards, the loss of morality, the emergence of materialism and the rise of bureaucracy had provoked fear in Trollope, thus influencing him to write the novel.
But land grabbing, squatting, and repossessions of large commercial farms under Mugabe's program resulted in a 90% loss in productivity in large-scale farming, ever higher unemployment, and hyperinflation.
Pakistan also received one-time financial compensation for the loss of water from the Eastern rivers.
On 12 March, Pearce made his debut for Longford as a second-half substitute in a 1–0 loss against Wotton Rovers.
Saha made an appearance for France for the first time in four years, coming on as a 79th-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Belarus on 3 September 2010.
This creates a low, or no income alternative which makes job loss costly, and serves as a worker discipline device.
Agbayani made his major league debut with the New York Mets on June 17, 1998, as part of an 8th-inning double-switch in which he defensively replaced center fielder Butch Huskey during a 5–4 loss to the Montreal Expos.
 Swelling or oedema from loss of protein
With the loss of its equitable jurisdiction, the Exchequer became a dedicated common law court, and thus fell prey to the same fate as the other two common law courts (the Court of Queen's Bench and the Court of Common Pleas) during the late 19th century.
A damaging letter written by Wilson criticizing non-Hawaii-born Democrats alluding to Stainback was considered the major factor in his loss to Republican Neal Blaisdell.
On 6 July, due to long-term non-payment of salaries, Skonto players refused to play the away match against FK Liepāja and the club suffered a 3–0 technical loss.
While numeric codes overcome the problems of script dependence, this independence comes at the cost of loss of mnemonic convenience.
This resulted in a loss of control causing the aircraft to enter a steep dive, during which its wings and tailplane failed as a result of overstressing.
The initial traction loss may be caused by:
They came close, but didn't make it through to the first round after a 1–0 loss and a 1–1 draw at home.
Željezničar traveled again but lost 1–3 (thus eliminated after revised rules due to the pandemic) after being in quarantine 9 days prior with little to no training and no competitive matches since shock loss at home to Mladost Doboj Kakanj in the 5th round on 21 August of the 2020–21 Bosnian Premier League season.
A rematch was scheduled for the next pay-per-view, Slamboree, where Wright suffered his first loss.
Several species of butterfly became extinct owing to the loss of habitat to scrub, notably the Adonis blue, silver-studded blue, dingy skipper, and dark green fritillary.
He suffered from depression and memory loss during his rehabilitation and was unable to write.
During and after launch much attention was paid to monitoring the external tank for the loss of insulation foam.
He scored 1,940 runs at 45.12, figures which matched other leading batsmen, but his relative loss of form, noted by critics, was owed partly to ill health.
A United Nations commission of inquiry concluded that coalition airstrikes have caused a 'staggering loss of civilian life.'"
However, her influence was opposed by Jean-Frédéric Phélypeaux, Count of Maurepas and his circle whose satirical rhymes started the development which resulted in the loss of respect for the king and his court among the people.
Clay refuses to give up anything, resulting in Hanna's bankruptcy, the loss of thousands of jobs, and an economic disaster for the town where the company is based.
2015: Love, Loss, and What I Wore – Gingy – The Mill at Sonning, Sonning Eye
), bullying, loss of a loved one, natural disasters, social isolation, rape, relationship troubles, jealousy, separation, or catastrophic injury.
SpaceX's internal review found that the engine was shut down after a sudden pressure loss and that only the aerodynamic shell was destroyed, generating the debris seen in the video; the engine did not explode, as SpaceX ground control continued to receive data from it throughout the flight.
The battle resulted in the loss of 400 to 600 soldiers on both sides, but the Chinese captured 100 trucks full of supplies.
Her writing is filled with rich descriptions and characters whose actions bear consequences for both their lives and relationships, suffusing her series with a sense of loss and regret.
Enlisted men who had been commissioned as officers during the war often found it difficult to adjust to their loss of status and pay in civilian life, and some historians have concluded that the Auxiliary Division recruited large numbers of these "temporary gentlemen".
He also scored a career-high 49 points in a loss against the Washington Wizards.
Fearing a loss of law and order, the head of the district of Mbaïki arrested Boganda (along with his accompanying wife) and held him in detention for two days.
The Basel II definition of operational risk excludes, for example, strategic risk – the risk of a loss arising from a poor strategic business decision.
The seal-folk victims recovered in human-like form, but lamented the loss of their skin without which they could not return to their submarine home.
reduced accumulation where business operating at a loss outnumbers growing business, or economic reproduction on a decreasing scale, for example due to wars, natural disasters or devalorisation.
A typical loss would be 12 men going in and 3–5 coming back alive.
Due to the loss of the original multi-track tape, there had never been an official true stereo release of the final track until the 2012 remastered version of Smiley Smile.
The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake destroyed the similarly designed Cypress Street Viaduct in Oakland, California, with the loss of 42 lives.
It was fitted with four machine guns, and incorporated some of the lessons from the loss of the first XP-55.
The amount of redaction in the text, plus the loss of possible gatherings, led J.
Many women now wear hairpieces rather than full wigs if their hair loss is confined to the top and crown of their heads.
On July 9, he had four hits in a 5–4 loss to the Giants.
It entered a darkened and empty station because of the loss of Soyuz T-10a.
Following Andrew Scheer's resignation after the Conservative loss in the 2019 Canadian federal election, Ambrose faced pressure from many prominent Conservatives to run for party leader in the 2020 leadership race.
In October 1996, Star Sports (since renamed from Prime Sports) and ESPN Asia have agreed to combine their loss making operations in Asia.
Black Hole Information Loss Problem, a USENET physics FAQ page
The 2nd Squadron dismounted and led the attack; they seized the town of Wincheringen, and captured 30–40 Germans at the loss of 5 killed and 22 wounded.
Some of the reaction against the Act was motivated by opposition to loss of local control.
Peppers also harassed and chased Michael Vick all over the field during the game as he recorded 3 tackles one being for a loss of yards, 1 pass defensed and the 60 yard fumble recovery for a touchdown.
After the election loss, he announced that he would be retiring from politics.
Bragg wrote after the war that if it were not for the loss of these hours, "our independence might have been won."
Internal organs with high metabolic rates, including the brain, liver, and heart, begin to stop functioning and die due to ischemia, a loss of oxygen and glucose.
Other of the farmers hastily laagered and were able to repulse the Zulu attacks; the assailants suffering serious loss at a fight near Bushman River.
In the Super Bowl, Gannon threw a Super Bowl-record five interceptions – three of which were run back for touchdowns – in a 48–21 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Negative effects of grazing may include overgrazing, increased soil erosion, compaction and degradation, deforestation, biodiversity loss, and adverse water quality impacts from run-off.
Some inflict great economic loss, others carry diseases or cause fire hazards, and some are just a nuisance.
Furthermore, the dog whelk has to excrete ammonia directly into water, as it does not have the adaptation possessed by many upper shore species which would allow it to produce uric acid for excretion without loss of water.
In the second game of a doubleheader against Oakland on July 30, he gave up two runs over 12 innings but took the loss when Rickey Henderson had an RBI single in the 12th to bring home the go-ahead run.
Not all clincher rim designs allow for tubeless tires as an air tight contact surface is required to prevent the unintended loss of tire pressure.
Loss of the Kraków throne
Loss of news reporter staff, the increasing television news coverage and the arrival and growth of the internet all increased difficulty in preserving, much less increasing, the Leader-Post significance.
Having a lifespan of roughly thirty years, the moulds proved not be a durable solution, hence the need for digitization to counter the loss of the originals.
Despite multiple problems over the seven-year period of construction, the tower was completed without loss of life.
Whilst repairs were undertaken there was considerable down time on the circuit resulting in a loss of trading.
Silica-based fillers are also gaining market share in automotive tires because they provide better trade-off for fuel efficiency and wet handling due to a lower rolling loss.
But despite finishing an excellent season with 88 points, the league title, and hence an historic "double", remained beyond their grasp as Maccabi Haifa enjoyed a spectacular season that saw them play all 39 league matches without a loss and pip Maccabi Tel Aviv to the championship.
The intake had to supply air to the engine with acceptable pressure loss and distortion.
In response, the Gracies argued that Royler's loss did not count as he had not conceded or tapped out, and the referee's stopping of the bout went against the special ruleset they had requested for the fight.
Because the pituitary controls many glands in the endocrine system, partial or complete loss of a variety of functions may result.
In money terms, the Cardiff Blues had a turnover of £8.7 million and a total employment bill of £5.6 million, with other costs including rental of the new stadium leading them to make a loss of more than £650,000.
However, light travelling in non-vacuous media may scatter in a similar fashion, and the irreversibility or information lost in the scattering is discernible in the apparent loss of a system dimension.
The loss of Bouvet and the two British battleships during the 18 March attack was a major factor in the decision to abandon a naval strategy to take Constantinople, and instead opt for the Gallipoli land campaign.
The design features 3-inch wide leaves, with front and rear spring sections of different lengths to reduce the twisting that can result in axle hop and loss of traction.
The foundation praised her management of the city of Atlanta during the critical period of enormous deficit and loss of public confidence in government following the corrupt administration of Mayor Bill Campbell.
The average duration of loss of supply to the 546 MW of mostly low-voltage-connected (e.g.
The track 'Flowers of the Town' by the English folk band The Unthanks is based on this song but it laments the loss of young men in the First World War.
Satō, badly wounded but alive, staggers out the door, passes out from blood loss, and is taken to the hospital.
This was their 3rd preliminary final loss in a row.
The colony had been ceded by France to Spain in 1762, ostensibly as compensation for the loss of Florida to Britain, after Spain was urged to enter the Seven Years' War on the French side.
That ended up being the only Greek loss in the whole tournament as Greece eventually won it all, defeating Portugal in the finals (Russia was not very lucky in getting drawn into the same group as two eventual finalists).
Although Thompson came up with a memorable performance for the last game of the regular season, scoring 73 points, Gervin maintained his slight lead by scoring 63 points (including a then NBA record 33 points in the second quarter) in a loss during the last game of the regular season.
The Net Operating Income (NOI) is gross potential income (GPI), less vacancy and collection loss (= Effective Gross Income) less operating expenses (but excluding debt service, income taxes, and/or depreciation charges applied by accountants).
After his loss, Buckley moved to Connecticut, and in 1980 received the Republican nomination for the Senate seat being vacated by the retirement of Abraham Ribicoff.
Symptoms of both types include vomiting, loss of appetite, depression, and increased drinking and urinating.
Czech fears of an economic loss caused the adoption of two national currencies as early as February 8, 1993.
It was the biggest power loss for the city since the July 7, 1991 derecho event.
Pardee's loss of the nomination sparked anger amongst many Progressive Republican circles, fueling desires for Progressives to reform the political nomination process or to break away from the Republicans altogether.
In an interview, Rowling stated this was to symbolise the loss of Dumbledore.
Common side effects include appetite loss, erectile dysfunction, nausea and constipation.
Mid-race, Wilson had an accident due to a loss of control at the rear of his car, which left him 27th.
The web site for the 2009 Sundance Film Festival described it as a "lusciously perverse, and refreshingly original comedy that tackles love, loss, and our curious quest for infamy".
This loss became perhaps the most memorable game Andújar pitched in the rivalry that developed between the two clubs.
The effects of back-to-back storms resulted in the loss of production of  of oil and  of natural gas.
After the Chicago victory, Anthony again tied the club record of six-straight 30-point games, failing to break it the second time around, as he scored 24 points in his 16th game (a 98–96 home loss to the Atlanta Hawks) on December 6.
With his last NBA game having been on November 8, 2018, Anthony made his debut as a Blazer in a 115–104 road loss to the New Orleans Pelicans on November 19; he started and had 10 points to go along with 4 rebounds and 1 block in 24 minutes of play.
After the loss of their nation, the 12 existing clans of Iu Mien people had to separate into small villages due to the mountainous area and foot hill land.
The loss terms (absorption, out-scattering, and leakage) and the source terms (in-scatter and fission) are proportional to the neutron flux, contrasting with fixed-source problems where the source is independent of the flux.
In 2006, the company had sales of 149.5 billion won and an operating loss of 54.4 billion won.
On 4 April 2009, after a 3–0 loss to Raith Rovers, Stranraer's relegation to Division Three was confirmed, meaning the club had played in a different division for each of their last eight seasons.
visual blindness, olfactory loss, or hearing disturbance)
The sale price of $2.15 million was reported to represent a loss to the state of more than $2.6 million.
He picked up his 2,000th strikeout July 12 against the Angels, though the milestone came in a 5–4 loss.
A loss of coolness and control places one squarely outside the tradition."
Noxon was influenced in her storytelling by the movies Poltergeist and Truly, Madly, Deeply, which featured a widow who was unable to move on after the loss of her husband.
The organization claimed in television adverts prominently featured in 2012 that accession to the European Union would be a direct eradication of Icelandic national identity, independence and lead to an unrecoverable loss of individual freedom.
Separation anxiety or grief following the loss of an attachment figure is considered to be a normal and adaptive response for an attached infant.
He tallied 35 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in the Knicks' 78-77 Game 5 loss, and was subsequently featured on the cover of the September 1999 issue of SLAM Magazine.
This was followed up with a 26–12 win over the Newcastle Knights at Brookvale, before a 32–20 loss to the South Sydney Rabbitohs which ended Manly's unbeaten run at Bluetongue Stadium, having won all of its previous matches at the venue.
Law sacked Colts’ quarterback Jim Harbaugh for a six-yard loss during the first quarter.
Overall mortality rate is 20–30%; of all pregnancy-related cases, 22% resulted in fetal loss or neonatal death, but mothers usually survive.
At the Battle of Solebay on 28 May, his ship was attacked by a group of fire ships and was destroyed with the loss of many lives, including Sandwich himself.
The themes of the story foreshadowed Balthus's lifelong fascination with cats, along with a feeling of loss or disappearance.
Dermitzakis was removed after a 1–0 loss to Panathinaikos on 17 October.
However, China followed that with a 0–1 loss at home to Syria and 0–2 away to Uzbekistan next month.
In an effort to quell these concerns, AIG entered into two sham reinsurance transactions with Cologne Re Dublin, a subsidiary of General Reinsurance, that had no economic substance but were designed to add $500 million in phony loss reserves to AIG’s balance sheet in the fourth quarter of 2000 and first quarter of 2001.
Because the sequoias of General Grant Grove thrive under a distinct set of conditions, the impact of climate change could result in habitat loss for the trees, as fewer areas within the park will retain the conditions necessary for the sequoias' survival.
On December 12, 1952, one of the world's first major reactor accidents occurred in the NRX reactor at AECL's Chalk River Laboratories, when a combination of human and mechanical error led to a temporary loss of control over the reactor's power level.
The bombardment was from 11:30 am to 12 noon as planned, but orders only reached the two forward battalions just before noon, forcing the men to attack at 12:15 pm after very little preparation, suffering predictable loss from a prepared enemy.
Certain images are repeated within the script, particularly that of "hatch opens, stark light"; a repeated motif in the play is "serial sevens" which involves counting down from one hundred by sevens, a bedside test often used by psychiatrists to test for loss of concentration or memory.
At the time it was illegal to either exhibit or publish images that explicitly showed male genitals, and if White would have let it be known that he had taken the photographs he would have been exposed as a homosexual and subjected to harassment and loss of his job.
Finally, the information loss may be shown to be an extreme value.
Besides OI's association with sensorineural hearing loss, OI is associated with a number of neurological abnormalities, usually involving the central nervous system, due to deformities in the skeletal structures surrounding it.
In 1905, after 18 months and the loss of 17 lives, the Kohala Ditch, a vast network of flumes and ditches, measuring  in length, was completed.
She capsized and sank with heavy loss of life; 24 officers and 619 enlisted men were killed in the sinking.
During the interview, Stanczak recalled his experiences with war and the loss of his right arm and how both influenced his art.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang later transferred to Broadway, but was considered a failure, receiving poor reviews and playing just 319 performances, closing with the loss of a large proportion of the initial $15m investment.
As of the end of March 2009, the company reported a loss of $1.08 billion in the financial year for 2009.
Sri Lanka suffered a heavy loss in the match by 96 runs finally.
frequent loss of l before i in Romanian and some Romani dialects
Dry AMD patients tend to have minimal symptoms in the earlier stages; visual function loss occurs more often if the condition advances to geographic atrophy.
Despite this initial loss, Crassus engaged Spartacus and defeated him, killing some 6,000 of the rebels.
Williams went on to receive critical acclaim for playing emotionally troubled women coping with loss or loneliness in the independent dramas Wendy and Lucy (2008), Blue Valentine (2010), and Manchester by the Sea (2016).
After repromotion one year later the club's 2020–21 season started off painfully, with the first match ending in a 3–0 home loss to Bnei Yehuda.
Biberkopf suffers a series of setbacks and catastrophes, including the murder of his lover and the loss of an arm.
Apart from the Meinertzhagen fraud, which is discussed in the next section, and the death of S. Dillon Ripley, other problems in the production of Birds of South Asia included the loss of the main map database during a trip to Burma, and poorly prepared specimen skins.
Alternate suggestions, such as reducing the RNZN to a coast guard-type force responsible for coastal and fisheries protection, replacing the frigates with smaller offshore patrol vessels, or reorienting the navy to primarily operate submarines, were made in several venues, but were seen as unacceptable loss in capability.
On August 10, 2013, in a Tampa Bay loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers, 5–0, Evan Longoria, Tampa Bay Rays's third baseman pulled the trick in the fourth inning on Juan Uribe.
The Boston Bruins compensatory fourth-round pick was received due to the loss of Group III free agent Jeff Hackett.
England lost a 2–0 lead and their reign as world champions ended with a 3–2 loss.
Dermatologist Ernst G. Jung notes that the typical causes of death due to flaying are shock, critical loss of blood or other body fluids, hypothermia, or infections, and that the actual death is estimated to occur from a few hours up to a few days after the flaying.
The cease in production was equivalent to over 1.2 million barrels of loss in crude oil, or 0.2% of the annual oil production in the Gulf of Mexico.
He declined well-earned promotion to colonel, and, being broken in health and compelled, owing to the loss of his teeth, to live on milk, he left the army in 1795.
Of Cameroon's southern groups, the Bulu revolted first in 1891 in protest over their loss to the Germans of their lucrative trade position.
From  the British 16th Infantry Brigade, 70th Infantry Division (Major-General Ronald Scobie), the HQ of the 32nd Army Tank Brigade and the 4th Royal Tank Regiment with  and more  of supplies arrived, while  of the 24th Australian Infantry Brigade left, with no loss of ships.
Stage III: Full thickness tissue loss.
The death of their daughter inspired them to create The Aubri Brown Foundation, a foundation that helps parents going through the loss of their children.
In this, the usual situation, the debris obstruct smaller downstream branches of the artery resulting in temporary to permanent end artery/capillary closure with loss of blood supply to, and death of, the previously supplied tissues.
Tunner and his staff, using a "big business" approach, completely turned around the operation, improved morale, and cut the aircraft loss ratio in half while doubling the amount of cargo delivered.
As an older man he began to consider his own mortality, and moved toward themes of separation, loss, and death.
Upon his return from Belgium, Olaya Herrera joined the cause against the government of General Rafael Reyes criticizing the treaties between the United States, Colombia and the loss of Panama.
Fouts himself would break the record once more four weeks later, with 388 yards in a 38–24 loss to the Raiders; the following week, he broke it again, this time passing for 444 yards in a 44–7 victory over the Giants.
He has long been stewing over his defeat and the loss of his magic belt.
A lesion in the optic nerve of one eye causes partial or complete loss of vision in the same eye, with an intact field of vision in other eye.
Loss of diploidy (heterozygosity) and extensive breast inflammation upon first clinical examination are associated with a significantly worse IBC prognosis.
Jennifer C. was suspected of bringing Elizabeth and Stacy R. mainly for personal reasons, because Trump and his advisors knew that Sandy was primarily responsible for the loss, because she produced the restaurant decor that scored poorly.
The most common maternal outcome of placenta praevia is extreme blood loss before or after birth (antepartum hemorrhage and postpartum hemorrhage), which is a major cause of maternal and infant mortality in countries like Tanzania.
It was regarded by many as the most successful run in Notre Dame history and Leahy appeared to be well on his way of meeting his goal of ten consecutive seasons without a loss.
Variance in its chemical composition has been shown to be responsible for loss of symmetry and variations in striation patterns.
The alternative would be the potential loss of needed African-American recruits for labor and service units.
Aside from this early loss, testing progressed smoothly and without further incident.
For Peirsol, it was his first international loss in the event since the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The latter is an individual's sense of loss of what he or she believes should be (or is) his or hers.
The terminal also lacked any significant data buffering, and many slower operations could lead to data loss.
Society is plunged into chaos as infrastructures collapse, and the surviving women everywhere try to cope with the loss of men, and the belief that, barring a rapid, major scientific breakthrough or other extraordinary event, humanity is doomed to extinction.
After his final loss to Rodolfo Ortega on July 24, 1982, Canto retired from boxing for good.
After appearing in some Euro 2008 qualifiers, notably scoring four against Moldova in a 5–0 win in Frankfurt, Germany, he was not selected for the finals, his last game being a 0–1 home loss to Greece at the age of 36 (17 October 2007).
Schreyer's New Democrats, however, were re-elected with a majority, and many PC members blamed Spivak for the party's loss.
Usher syndrome is characterized by hearing loss and a gradual visual impairment.
At the 2007 World Archery Championships Folkard won bronze medal with Alison Williamson and Charlotte Burgess in the women's team recurve event, defeating Italy in the third-place match after a loss to South Korea in the semi-finals.
In December 1775, Turgot confirmed the watchmakers' exemption from the salt tax (gabelle) and from road maintenance duties (corvée) and a figure was agreed to compensate the tax farmers for loss of revenue.
For Woolf herself, the book was compensation for a sense of loss.
Park, Lee, and Lee retained the women's team title with victory over Ukraine, though a semi-final loss to Lee Sung-jin eliminated Park from gold medal contention in women's individual event.
These low numbers are attributed to uncontrolled hunting by locals and soldiers for meat, horns and skulls for use in traditional Chinese medicine, in conjunction with diseases introduced from cattle and loss of habitat due to agriculture and logging activity.
Failure of it will cause very high cost loss for the business.
Following this loss, after sealing Yugi and his friends in a cave, he has his Star Chips stolen by Bandit Keith and presumably is sent off the island.
Their last match in the Primeira Liga was a 1–0 away loss to Olhanense on 2 May 2010.
On July 8, 1718 the city was assaulted by Piedmontese troops, causing large loss of life to the population.
The term is most commonly associated with data networking to describe the capability of a network to 'route around' damage, such as loss of a node or a connection between nodes, so long as other path choices are available.
During his time in office much progress was made, not all liked by the preservationists and supporters: negative developments overshadowing his tenure included the loss of the large railway yard at Douglas and the unpopular rebuild of No.
Sulla's first march on Rome in 88 BC had begun the collapse of the republican form of government, but the death of Crassus and the loss of his legions utterly reconfigured the balance of power at Rome.
For example, there are camps for the performing arts, music, magic, computer programming, language learning, mathematics, children with special needs, and weight loss.
As a result, there is likely to be more conflict than cooperation between countries, creating a "zero-sum game," a "game in which my win is your loss."
Zhang's 2008 season started with a first round loss in the Malaysian Open.
Sometimes a second operation is successful, but some boys and men have been left with chronic problems with fistulas, scarring and contractures that make urination or erections uncomfortable, and loss of sensation.
After the 2005 Ashes loss to England, Kasprowicz was dropped from the Australian team and his Cricket Australia contract was not extended.
With Samuel Molinaro's November 15 revelation that Bear Stearns was writing down a further $1.2 billion in mortgage-related securities and would face its first loss in 83 years, Standard & Poor's downgraded the company's credit rating from AA to A.
However almost no H. gigantea were able to mature due to the loss of macroalgal beds and the population will become locally extinct without intervention for the recovery of the macroalgal beds.
These loss of function variants reduce function in the protein neurexin, which connects neurons at the synapse and is important for neurological development; deletion mutations of neurexin are also very common in people with autism, as well as other neurological disorders like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and ADHD.
He drove in the lone Cardinals run of their 13–1 game six loss.
They claimed the silver medals at the 2008 Olympic Games, having a shocking loss to the world number 10, Lee Yong Dae and Lee Hyo-jung.
After a 3–1 first leg victory over Barcelona, they were eventually knocked out 4–6 on aggregate following a 5–1 return leg loss at Camp Nou after extra time.
Charcot–Wilbrand syndrome (visual agnosia and loss of ability to revisualise images), named with Hermann Wilbrand.
John C. West said that he believed Watson's loss was "inevitable" after the incident in Darlington County because "South Carolina people are basically law-abiding and won't tolerate violence."
Violation of this rule is known as loss of contact.
 Lennox Island, home of the Lennox Island First Nation of the Mi'kmaq people, at risk of loss of 50% of land area due to erosion by 2065
Fearing the loss of autonomy and worried that he would be obliged to implement Morgado's "slash-and-burn" policy to streamline the label's staff and artist roster, he refused to carry out Morgado's orders and decided not to renew his contract.
105 Squadron was dispatched to the German capital, successfully reaching the city with the loss of only one aircraft.
There he outlined the great similarity of the theories, but incorrectly claimed that Fatio assumed elastic collisions, even though the loss of speed of the gravitational corpuscles was explicitly stressed by Fatio as a crucial element of his theory.
The data recorder stopped working shortly after the explosion, but the cockpit voice recorder continued recording until impact with the ground, during which most of the crew discussions were about the loss of cabin pressure and electrical systems.
Hughes' first match in charge resulted in a 4–2 loss to Aston Villa at Villa Park but was followed up with 3–0 wins against West Ham and Sunderland.
The majority of their workers, faced with a sudden loss of employment and no source of income, decided to reopen the closed facilities on their own as self-managed cooperatives.
In this period, surgical mortality was very high due to blood loss and infection.
Another common cause is failure of a tire or wheel brake, causing a loss of directional control.
Their size during the last glacial period presumably depended on the relative gain and loss of reproductive capacity in the population of elks during that time.
Kaplan points out that most of the laws of impurity relate to some form of death (or in the case of niddah the loss of a potential life).
This is advocated by the statement that the industrial partners want to invest more in technology development, rather than manufacturing of the flying hardware and weapons, despite the risk of the loss of the single prototype.
By the end of December 2018, Povetkin recovered from elbow operations following his loss to Joshua and stated he would start a training camp in January 2019, hoping for a fight in April.
Since they reduce the sound volume, earplugs are often used to help prevent hearing loss and tinnitus (ringing of the ears).
In July 2014, Go-Ahead exited the United States following the loss of its yellow bus contract.
Time travel scenes also depict 13-year-old Sarah Jane (Jessica Ashworth), for whom the death of her best friend Andrea Yates (Jane Asher) gave Sarah Jane her resolve to fight against loss of life.
Other than increasing metabolic rate, acute oral exposure to DNP has resulted in nausea, vomiting, sweating, dizziness, headache, and loss of weight.
A loss of control through this section can often lead to a very heavy shunt, as usually the rear end of the car is lost and the resulting impact is often lateral.
Damage to the facility was estimated at $6 million, making it the most significant fire loss in Grand Junction history.
The Australian Dictionary of Biography writes that  Winton's novel Cloudstreet embodied the social impact of Cooke's crimes, which saw a change in personal and household security and a loss of a relaxed style of living.
The loss of the site would further set back construction.
So an expensive silver screen or aluminized screen with negligible polarization loss has to be used.
(on January 7, 1980, to the crowd at the Astrodome that welcomed the Oilers home after their second consecutive loss to the Steelers in the AFC championship game) "One year ago, we knocked on the door.
He played his first game three days later, starting in a 1–2 away loss against Rayo Vallecano, and scored his only goal of the season on 5 May, in a 5–2 win in the reverse fixture.
Intense criticism followed the second test loss, some of it directed at the players, some of it toward the management of the NZRL.
He went on to record 26 goals and 33 assists for 59 points over 77 games, before fracturing his right hand on April 1, 2009, in a 3–0 home loss against the Phoenix Coyotes, ending his season five games early.
Fearing a loss if it appealed, and the subsequent implications of the unconscionability decision across all its other contracts, Paramount settled for $900,000.
To break the state monopoly, Radio Hauraki was originally formed as a pirate station in the Hauraki Gulf, in a famous and historic story that saw the loss of one life.
A new dedicated microprocessor with new control software was added allowing the system to detect different terrain and surface conditions to predict traction loss before it happens.
Ireland's 2012 summer tour of New Zealand included a 22–19 loss, followed by a 60–0 thrashing, Ireland's heaviest ever defeat.
The notable exception to these good relations is House Delaque who are bitter over the loss of the Ulanti Contract, but they only share a mile-long border.
Georgia Tech won under the coaching of John Heisman, who wanted revenge after an embarrassing 22–0 loss earlier that year to a Cumberland baseball team that he suspected of having used professional players posing as students.
The loss of customary lands becomes a trap for them, leading them into poverty.
He preached twenty homilies, and dictated twenty more, because, through illness and loss of voice, he was unable to preach them personally.
People suffering from hair loss may shave their heads in order to look more presentable, be more convenient, or adhere to a certain style or fashion movement.
Diuretic therapy and osmotic diuresis from hyperglycemia can lead to excessive renal sodium and volume loss.
Class 4: Volume loss over 40% of total blood volume.
The 18th time Krishna left the battlefield without fighting so as to prevent further loss of life on both sides.
He redshirted his freshman season in 1993; as a redshirt freshman in 1994, he recorded 37 tackles, five sacks, and five tackles for loss.
In Week 5, Reed recorded a season-high six solo tackles, deflected a pass, and returned an interception for a touchdown during the Ravens' 17–14 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals.
On November 14, 2004, he collected a season-high 15 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 29–6 loss at the New England Patriots in Week 10.
The loss of Randolph was a serious blow to the fledgling Continental Navy.
In September 1987, after going eighteen straight fights without a loss to start his pro career, Hill aka 'Quicksilver' (his nickname) was a challenger to Leslie Stewart of Trinidad for the latter's World Boxing Association light-heavyweight title in Atlantic City.
In 2009, the Cowboys acquired Kitna to improve their backup quarterback situation, after Brad Johnson had a 1-2 record, including a 35-14 loss against the New York Giants when Tony Romo was injured during the previous season.
Palmer threw the ball with a 50 percent completion percentage, with 1 touchdown, 1 interception, and a 53.8 passer rating, in a 24–14 loss to the New York Jets.
Hence the right hemisphere is able to compensate for the loss of left hemisphere function, but not vice versa.
As a result of Alabama's loss to Texas A&M, Iowa would go on to be ranked #2 in the AP and Coaches Poll the following week.
Other tools include stream tests, line monitoring, tweak testing, packet loss testing, and many other tools.
It is also quite common for women to present with evidence of having an embolus (clot) passing from the heart to a vital organ, causing such complications as stroke, loss of circulation to a limb, even coronary artery occlusion (blockage) with typical myocardial infarction (heart attack).
The garnet and gold colors were first used on an FSU uniform in a 14–6 loss to Stetson on October 18, 1947.
Prompted by the loss of  and the deteriorating situation in South-east Asia, Australia was ordered on 3 December to hand Convoy WS12X to HMS Dorsetshire, then make for home.
In 1990, a Great Britain team including Shaun Edwards, Garry Schofield, Martin Offiah and Denis Betts were embarrassed by a 25-18 loss, France's first victory on English soil for 23 years and their last win over Great Britain/England.
Kākā are considered endangered (CITES II), having greatly declined across their traditional range as a result of habitat loss, predation by introduced predators such as cats, rats, possums and stoats, and competition from wasps and bees for the honeydew excreted by scale insects.
The texts often mention the theft of Horus's eye along with the loss of Set's testicles, an injury that is also healed.
His final major league appearance came on September 4, when he allowed a run in two innings in a 6–2 loss to the Cubs.
He made his debut for the club on 27 August 2005, picking up a yellow card in a 0–1 loss to Hull City.
J P Foynes analyses the Fort's wartime history in some detail in "East Anglia against the Tricolor" (published 2016), "The Battle of the East Coast" (1994) and "Who was to Blame for the Loss of HMS Gipsy?"
It was believed that migrating caribou could be prevented from mingling with the domesticated reindeer on the Peninsula because of the geography of the peninsula, thereby avoiding loss of reindeer that might wander off with caribou.
Mandy Patinkin has said that his inspiration for the scene was the real-life loss of his father to cancer and the feeling that his character killing Rugen would bring him back.
The sudden flood of water into her nose and throat might cause shock and sudden loss of consciousness, explaining the absence of injuries and minimal signs of drowning.
On 25 April, the Warriors were relegated from the Premiership after a 12–10 loss away to Leeds Carnegie, their first relegation in 22 years.
Jovan E. Howe writes: "The economic relations so established are essentially distributive: through various categories of exchanges of both products and labor, temporary imbalances such as those occasioned by insufficient labor power of a newly-established family unit or a catastrophic loss, which places one unit at an unfair reproductive disadvantage in relation to its allies, are evened out".
As a result, Berdella would occasionally have to either sell goods to fellow merchants at a financial loss, or steal or scavenge for items to sell at his booth.
It is sometimes used for weight loss because, as a diuretic, it removes water, but it also masks other drugs, including steroids, by diluting the contents of the user's urine, yielding a lower concentration of filtered substances, which makes them less likely to be detected.
To limit the loss of revenue to the procurators, each tenant was evicted only when it became necessary to demolish the apartment in order to continue building.
Through the Federal Housing Administration, the federal government investigates the applicant and, having decided that the risk is favorable, insures the lending institution against loss of principal in case the borrower fails to meet the terms and conditions of the mortgage.
He also developed the concept of the sixth attacker and secured the relationship with the AHL's Boston Braves due to the AHL's loss of many players to the expanding NHL.
Visually, the dark themes of their music were complemented with corpse paint, which became a way for black metal artists to distinguish themselves from other metal bands of the time, yet some bands such as Emperor and Satyricon ceased wearing corpse paint, often citing its loss of meaning or trendiness due to use by so many bands.
The loss of four Japanese aircraft carriers during the Battle of Midway in June severely limited the ability of the IJN to conduct operations and alternatives were sought.
Several problems occurred after the launch, including loss of telemetry and issues with the main propulsion system.
Despite the often dark subject matter of his books, which deal with loneliness, loss, and the effects of abuse, they are also filled with humor.
By 23 January, the brigade was down from 150 to 75 tanks, against a German loss of 29 tanks out of 100.
The rare Webb (Wb) antigen (~1/1000 donors), originally described in 1963 in Australia, is the result of an alteration in glycosylation of glycophorin C: an A to G transition at nucleotide 23 results in an asparagine residue instead of the normal serine residue with the resultant loss of glycosylation.
Bosnia and Croatia are currently in negotiations as regards the establishment of a "privileged economic zone" for Bosnian businesses within the Ploče port facilities, though this development is hindered by the opposition of local government, and Croatian people to the concept of a partial loss of sovereignty over the port.
After losing in the semi-finals of the Shanghai Masters to Djokovic in straight sets, Murray reached the finals of the Paris Masters for the loss of just one set, with victories against Borna Ćorić, David Goffin and David Ferrer.
Eagle stock price dipped to $2.03, down from a 52-week high of $4.25, and the company reported a net loss of $1.5 million.
Muto next appeared at Pro-Wrestlers Be Strongest by teaming with Osamu Nishimura in a loss to Hiroshi Tanahashi and Shinsuke Nakamura.
The term is now used to describe the loss of any interacting species, including competition with their counterpart, and specialist herbivores with their food source.
Its economy, which had once prospered because of its control over the Eastern spice trade, had suffered as a result of the opening of the new Atlantic trade routes, and from the loss of the important German market because of the Thirty Years' War.
Alana Hagues for RPGFan discussed how she saw herself in Celes due to going through similar trials and tribulations, particularly Celes losing her allies, the loss of a family member, and her attempted suicide.
Ford could actually not prevent an 85–89 home loss to Olimpija Ljubljana, although he had a solid performance that night, with 21 points, 9 rebounds and 5 assists.
In his youth, he suffered a loss to future WBC flyweight champion Charlie Magri in a bout in Gurnos.
For this reason, adequate pain control can usually be attained without blocking the motor neurons, which would cause a loss of muscle control if it occurred.
The loss of her powers is causing her body to fail.
After the loss of Afridi and Gurkha, the remaining ships were taken in hand to improve the situation.
Most of the loss of life and damage occurred in Honduras where rainfall from the hurricane, peaking around , triggered widespread flash flooding and mudslides.
Tone was attacked by enemy carrier aircraft during the battle, but sustained no damage, except the loss of a "Dave" with its crew.
However, this connection between the atmosphere and upwelling of deep ocean water provides a mechanism by which human induced climate changes could cause an accelerated loss of ice from the WAIS.
His alternative form - which involves an apparent loss of mass - is that of an Earthly microcassette deck.
He explains that a century ago the Grand Duke of the time, concerned about the loss of life in duelling, had created the statutory duel: the duellers draw cards, and the one who draws the lower card loses.
The treaty first met with the protest of the Prussian estates, which feared a loss of privileges.
There was also a loss of  in transmission through the electrical system.
Sultan Hashim was again pressured to cede both the districts, but he firmly refused, as loss of both districts would make Brunei non-existent on the map of Borneo, resembling "a tree without branches".
He allowed five runs in  innings and took the loss in the deciding fifth game in the series.
... Loss of renal concentrating ability is a direct result of hypercalcemia.
Extreme loss of forest has been caused by illegal logging, dynamite-blasting for marble, and slash-and-burn (also known as kaingin).
The second leg played in Tel Aviv, resulted in a 4–1 defeat and an 11–2 aggregate loss.
Japan started their 2013 Confederations Cup campaign with a 3–0 loss to Brazil.
His death at the age of thirty was described at the time as "unquestionably the greatest premature loss that English literature has suffered since the death of Keats".
In the round-robin stage of the tournament, which ran from May 27 to June 9, Kendrick won five out of his eight matches, but a loss to Ryusuke Taguchi in his final round-robin match caused him to narrowly miss advancing to the semifinals of the tournament.
Due to their lack of environmental laws, emerging countries like Ecuador have been subjected to environmental pollution, sometimes causing health problems, loss of agriculture, and poverty.
In the final match, Gilchrist was out for a duck in the first over, however the Chargers managed to recover and posted a total of 143 for the loss of 6 wickets; it was felt that a good defending total would have been a further 20 to 30 runs.
[...] First and foremost comes the "profit and loss account" of the club in question, and this is a very interesting item.
Adding them together means that mixing is done once, and this reduces the pressure loss in the intake system.
However, there is also an increased risk of loss of control in such conditions.
As Spire Pitou relates: "She wept at her own pathetic fate but continued despite her inability to do much else besides make the audience regret the loss of her gifts.
Bucket seats remained available despite the loss of the 500 package, and the Brougham package was also still available for $220, despite the addition of a separate Polara Brougham series.
This results in the visual effect of a loss of contrast in the subject, due to the effect of light scattering through the haze particles.
Alerted by the previous rioting, Japanese Canadians in Little Tokyo were able to repel the mob without any serious injury or loss of life.
of interactive exhibits on the science of natural disasters, how it affects lives and property, and what can be done to minimize property damage and loss of life.
the loss of frication in the interdental fricatives  and  (i.e.
On 21 November he had a wrongly disallowed goal in an eventual 1–2 loss at Kerala Blasters FC but, despite finishing the regular season in third, Kolkata won the league final against the same opponent, although he was an unused substitute; he also won the league's Manyavar Most Exciting Player award.
On the other hand, Breton has enjoyed increasing support among intellectuals and professionals since the 1970s, and the relatively small, urban-based Diwan movement has sought to stem the loss of young Breton speakers through bilingual immersion schools.
In 1991, Air Holland had to temporarily suspend all operations due to financial difficulties and a loss of DFL 30 million for the end of 1990.
Since the indicative past was not and still is not otherwise marked for person or number, the loss of thou made the past subjunctive indistinguishable from the indicative past for all verbs except to be.
...Current knowledge suggests that habitat loss and degradation, particularly in the non-breeding range, has caused the decline.
Dysarthria that has progressed to a total loss of speech is referred to as anarthria.
On 28 August 2020, Aptar confirmed it would cease operations at the facility by December 2020, with the loss of 115 jobs.
The team's biggest win came on 26 July 1928 which was a 6–0 success against Lithuania in Tallinn, meanwhile their biggest defeat came on 11 August 1922 which was a 10–2 loss to Finland.
McCaw finished 2008 by making his debut for the Barbarians against Australia at Twickenham in an 11–18 loss.
A court of inquiry cleared anyone aboard Sidon for the loss of the boat.
The Asian small-clawed otter is threatened by poaching for its fur, loss and destruction of habitats such as hill streams, peat swamp forests and mangroves for aquaculture projects.
Their biggest defeat came in 2002 with a 5–0 loss to France, while their highest-scoring victory was a 7–0 win over Oman in 1999.
BibliographyWithout You: A Memoir of Love, Loss, and the Musical Rent'' (Simon & Schuster, 2006)
Ukraine beat France at home 2–0, but suffered a bitter 0–3 loss away, and thus failed to reach the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
However, their chances of advancing from the group were hurt following a 2–0 loss to Nigeria, putting Iceland to play with full determination against already qualified Croatia.
So, Miyu picks people whom she believes to be "lovely" (either in looks or personality) who have usually suffered a tragic loss, and offers them their greatest wish – to be with their lost loved ones, at least in their dreams – in exchange for their blood.
Excess iron may also deposit in the liver, pancreas, and retina, leading to cirrhosis, endocrine abnormalities, and loss of vision, respectively.
The cause of the loss of Thetis - flooding due to both inner and outer torpedo hatches being open to the sea - was used in the 1968 film Ice Station Zebra, where the character played by Patrick McGoohan describes a method of sabotaging a submarine by blocking the tube test cocks, fooling a torpedoman into believing the outer hatch was closed.
 Souls in the Twilight: Stories of Loss (2018)
He was also named most valuable player of Super Bowl V, after intercepting two passes and forcing a fumble in the Cowboys' 16-13 loss to the Colts, making him the first defensive player and non-quarterback to receive the honor.
Albania's Euro campaign ended with a 6–1 loss away to Romania which resulted in the resignation of the coach Otto Barić and his assistant.
 Chapter 10: Loss of the Netherlands East Indies
On 28 January 2012, Selolwane converted a penalty, which temporarily equalized the score in the 1:6 loss against Guinea.
Maladict, suffering from caffeine withdrawal following the loss of his coffee-making equipment, experiences 'flashsides' to Earth's Vietnam War.
After the war Hungary was severely disrupted by the loss of 72% of its territory, 64% of its population and most of its natural resources.
In 1999, Jamaica experienced its biggest defeat in a 9–0 loss against Costa Rica.
Rising levels of corruption, the dismantlement of some social services, low-paying employment and loss of jobs in Ukraine, made immigration attractive once again.
As a result, the loss with the devaluation of reserves just in 2010 amounted to CHF 27 Billion or 5% of GDP (part of this was compensated by the profit of almost CHF6 Billion due to the surge in the price of gold).
Agustín Delgado scored his country's first World Cup goal; he opened the scoring in a 2–1 loss to Mexico.
In the years following Germany's loss of World War II in 1945, Mettmann saw significant population increases driven mostly by the resettlement of citizens previously living in the eastern territories that had been ceded to Poland.
The first described attempts at producing weight loss are those of Soranus of Ephesus, a Greek physician, in the second century AD.
 Weight loss effects of water
Lawson's analysis is based on the rate of fusion and loss of energy in a thermalized plasma.
Dewey anticipated a probable loss in his race, owing to a wide advantage for the Democratic Party in voter registrations, a number approaching a ratio of 5-to-1.
The added first stage (V1A) is a dedicated error amplifier, which compensates for the loss of gain caused by negative feedback.
After this loss, Rick Steiner debuted in TNA and helped Scott attack Tomko.
He who saves will suffer heavy loss.
 Loss of axillary and pubic hair
The team was in the middle of a scoring slump when Armas parted ways with the club on September 4, 2020, the day after a 1–0 loss to D.C. United.
Swayback is caused in part from a loss of muscle tone in both the back and abdominal muscles, plus a weakening and stretching of the ligaments.
Later that year, Tarver suffered his first loss when he was knocked down in the 11th round by Eric Harding, en route to a unanimous decision on June 23 in Biloxi, Mississippi.
The Duke of Clarence, the heir presumptive to the British throne, heard of the loss and appointed Edmund, in 1828, to command the 46-gun frigate  during the final stages of the Greek War of Independence.
Loss of heterozygosity  in chromosome 10 is also frequently seen in the classical subtype alongside chromosome 7 amplification.
3)   Mixed gain: one of   and   is a gain and one is a loss, however the gain is the larger of the two.
Two days later, the team recorded their first win with a 3–0 defeat of Wallis and Futuna however, they were eliminated from the competition at the group stage following a 3–2 loss to Tonga on August 24.
Memory loss and delays in information processing have been reported, in some cases several hours after exposure.
The loss of Mametz and the advance of the 21st Division made Fricourt untenable and the garrison was withdrawn during the night.
On 21 August, in the first game after the incident, a 1–0 loss against Luverdense in the 2013 Copa do Brasil, Emerson was sent off along with opposition player Zé Roberto after they argued on field.
At the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Coloccini played in two games, as a substitute against the Netherlands, and starting against hosts Germany in the quarter-finals, which ended in a 5–3 penalty shootout loss following a 1–1 draw.
Named "Above Enemy Lines", it was first screened on BBC One on 9 October 2007, and was noted for its graphic portrayal of the evacuation and loss of Private Christopher Gray, fatally shot in an ambush in Now Zad on 13 April 2007.
In the third round, Guatemala began with a 1–0 home loss to the United States, with controversies surrounding the Panamanian referee Roberto Moreno, including not awarding a penalty to Guatemala in the first half  after a handball from Steve Cherundolo as well as Gustavo Cabrera being sent off after colliding with Eddie Lewis in the second half.
In his third and final season with the team, following the signing of Roberto Baggio, he also struggled to find space in the team, and suffered a further loss of form; moreover, the club eventually finished the season in eighth place, outside of all possible European qualifying spots.
On August 13, 2005, he became the first player in MLS history to score 100 career league goals, during a 4–2 loss to the Kansas City Wizards.
After a 2–1 home loss to Guinea in a friendly match and a 1–1 draw at home to Tanzania, veteran manager
In the final match, Tunisia suffered a 3–2 loss against Sudan and finished second in the qualifying round.
In her 2017 memoir Chasing Grace: What the Quarter Mile Taught Me about God and Life, she finally revealed the underlying reason for her disappointing loss at the 2008 Olympics; one month before the Games, Richards-Ross discovered that she was pregnant and decided to terminate the pregnancy the day before leaving for Beijing.
Ice hockey: The London Knights' Canadian Hockey League-record 31 game unbeaten streak ends following a 5–2 loss to the Sudbury Wolves.
He played fifteen games, scoring two goals, but was released by the team after their 6–0 loss to the Richmond Kickers, a game in which he did not play.
On 23 August, he made his debut in a 0–1 home loss against the Philadelphia Union, coming on as a substitute for Dilly Duka in the second half.
He is also prone to loss of temper at enemy atrocities and has been seen to blow his cover in this manner.
Ching made his official Earthquakes debut in Guatemala City on March 16, 2003, playing a full match in a 4-2 Champions' Cup loss to C.S.D.
The Mexicans did not do much better; they reported the loss of 24 men killed and 43 wounded, including their commander, General Félix Uresti Gómez, while Pershing listed 42 Carrancistas killed and 51 wounded.
This resulted in a great loss for Dingane against his brother Mpande who had co-opted the Boers to fight on his side.
Alkaloids like solanine have been shown to start decomposing and degrading at approximately , and deep-frying potatoes at  for 10 minutes causes a loss of ∼40% of the solanine.
The inaugural game was played on October 11, 2006, resulting in a 2-1 loss to the Sudbury Wolves.
This condition was initially recognized as: 'Disorders of the execution of learned movements which cannot be accounted for by either weakness, incoordination, or sensory loss, nor by incomprehension of, or inattention to commands.'
He was greatly weakened from loss of blood, and only his indomitable pluck kept him up.
He blames himself for the loss of his wife, Sanae, who has given herself up to the bandits to save the village.
In 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a public advisory about supplement retailers who made exaggerated claims concerning the supposed weight loss benefit of various products.
In spite of the mission's success, the Wing experienced a major loss.
Interruption of data transmission causes information loss.
The loss of revenue was partially responsible for the park's 1996 closure, and in 2001 the ride was renamed Cyclone and relocated to Dreamworld.
Baird made his Watford debut on 20 March 2004, in a 4–1 loss against Ipswich Town.
The mutations may lead to a loss of porins, resulting in the antibiotics having a lower permeability or being completely excluded from transport.
But with the loss of Normandy in 1205 a new spirit seems to have come over the attitude of John to his Jews.
The Pentagon blamed the media for the loss of the Vietnam war, and prominent military leaders did not believe the United States could sustain a prolonged and heavily televised war.
Both the inwards and outwards goods sheds were destroyed and the works section extensively damaged with several workshops completely burned out and a consequent loss of stores and equipment.
Health coverage is not affected by loss or change of jobs, and there are no lifetime limits or exclusions for pre-existing conditions.
Still reeling from their Game 5 loss, the Angels struck first in the top of the first off Oil Can Boyd on back-to-back two-out RBI doubles by Reggie Jackson and Doug DeCinces after a one-out walk, but the Red Sox tied the game in the bottom of the inning off Kirk McCaskill without a hit.
Her first and only career loss came four fights later, when she was knocked out in three rounds by veteran and future world champion Valerie Mahfood.
Indonesia lost all four matches including a 2–3 home defeat to Malaysia despite having taken a 2–1 lead prior followed by a home loss to Vietnam for the first time ever in any competitive tournaments.
Telly Paretta (Julianne Moore) grieves the loss of her son, Sam (Christopher Kovaleski), who died 14 months prior in a plane crash.
A filtered and purified Influenza A vaccine for humans is being developed and many countries have recommended it be stockpiled so if an Avian influenza pandemic starts jumping to humans, the vaccine can quickly be administered to avoid loss of life.
The destruction of the Sekihō Army and the loss of all his friends has caused Sanosuke to hate the Meiji Government and he wears the Japanese kanji for "evil" on the back of his jacket.
The sudden loss of the flagship and the fleet admiral threw the already scattered Swedish line into confusion and sapped morale.
Organized under the auspices of the 17th Karmapa, Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the Khoryug project resulted in the publication of environmental guidelines for Buddhists and "more than 55 monastery-led projects to address forest degradation, water loss, wildlife trade, waste, pollution and climate change."
They finished in third place in the group after only winning against New Caledonia followed by an 8–0 loss against Australia.
Pressure from habitat loss, pollution, hunting, and urban development has reduced or eliminated the presence of wolves, bears, and wild cats and has led to increased numbers of weasels, raccoons, and other small predators.
This loss officially eliminated the Islanders from advancement in the tournament.
 Warwickshire Vision Support, a UK charity providing support for people with sight loss in Warwickshire
Some other states require that workers be permitted to take time off from employment without loss of pay.
Failure to qualify for the World Cup and Loss of ODI & T20I Status: 2014-present
Following another loss in the 2017 election, Nicholls stood down as LNP party leader and was succeeded by Deb Frecklington, who holds the ancestrally National seat of Nanango, Bjelke-Petersen's old seat.
We are however confident that, for the sake of its association with the work of William Morris and his group, the importance of this house will be appreciated in the future, and its loss in this regard will be recognised as irreparable."
Let  be the loss function, a metric for the difference between the predicted value  and the actual value .
Close to the newer church is the entrance to the Rare Breeds Park, which closed down due to loss of revenue from legally enforced closure during the foot and mouth epidemic of 2001.
He had two spells in Forest's team, firstly when Sutton was injured and later when Sutton suffered a loss of form.
Due to “accidents, and the subsequent loss of human life, cost of repairing and replacing material, and the toll taken on operational readiness and capability, Insensitive Munitions (IM) improvements are mandated by law in the U.S.”
In the long term, the loss of muscle function can have additional effects from disuse, including atrophy of the muscle.
The water loss through their skin varies with temperature and they are able to live in very arid conditions.
In the course of the competition, Hemme and the five other finalists faced seven existing Divas in a game of dodgeball at SummerSlam on August 15, eliminating all eight Divas with the loss of just one finalist, Joy Giovanni.
St. Clair's devastating loss destroyed most of the United States Army and left the United States vulnerable.
This new class then changed the organizational culture of American business, emphasizing decisions centered on money based measures such as profit and loss (see also rational choice theory).
Their only loss was to the eventual group winner and overall runner-up, Thai club BEC Tero Sasana.
In 1972, O'Sullivan achieved major international stardom with "Alone Again (Naturally)", a ballad which touches upon suicide and loss.
The loss of safe seats can become historic moments: the defeat of Michael Portillo in his 'safe' Conservative seat in 1997 created the "Portillo moment".
The cause of this cell loss is not known, though many hypotheses have been proposed based on experiments performed both in cell culture and in the mouse model of A–T.
A Home Transformed: Narratives of Home, Loss, Longing and the Miniature from Portsmouth Island, North Carolina (M.A.
However it was more a takeover of the Bears resulting in the loss of almost all its identity and AFL history more often overlooked in favour of Fitzroy's.
A Do 17 was claimed by 73 Squadron for the loss of a Hurricane and the capture of the pilot.
a terminal illness diagnosis, or the loss of a loved one).
was a 3-gun schooner launched 1848 and wrecked 20 January 1855, with no loss of life.
After a loss and a draw in the first two Test matches of the summer's six-test Ashes series, Botham resigned the captaincy.
Flanagan was born with a severe hearing loss, which was corrected when he was six years old.
Failure of an unheated sensor is usually caused by the buildup of soot on the ceramic element, which lengthens its response time and may cause total loss of ability to sense oxygen.
The king moved onto Chester, where he learned Prince Rupert had surrendered Bristol on 10 September; shocked by the loss, Charles dismissed his nephew.
It has never missed an issue, despite the Great Depression, loss of support from foundations, and two World Wars.
Tattoos can be removed (voluntarily, in the case of loss of rank, new affiliation, "lifestyle" change, etc.)
Later, he was to describe this as tragic as the loss of a mother.
After Adams's loss in the 1800 election, Cabot withdrew from politics.
Battlefield experience in 1914 and 1915 showed up the weakness of the original recuperator springs (which returned the barrel to firing position after recoil) and loss of oil in the recuperator under intense firing.
The decrease in supply creates an economic deadweight loss (DWL) and a decline in consumer surplus.
This initiative targeted enterprises experiencing the greatest revenue loss, and the companies who got assistance were more likely to stick to their investment goals.
If an individual kills livestock, the owner is compensated for the loss.
After Pyrrhus was defeated at the Battle of Beneventum (275 BC) by the Romans, he decided to end his campaigns against Southern Italy, and return to Epirus, resulting in the loss of all his territorial gains in Italy.
The Reader became so profitable in the late 1990s that it added a suburban edition, The Reader's Guide to Arts & Entertainment, but by 2006 it was operating at a loss.
One month after the race, an investigation into McLaughlin's qualifying engine found a breach, resulting in a further fine, loss of his pole position and qualifying lap record and demotion to last place on the grid for the 2019 Sandown 500.
His wife's death, which had occurred in October 1946, deeply affected Callis, and he never fully recovered from that loss.
It was bombed by the Luftwaffe several times, with considerable loss of life.
There is a conditional loss of the classifier under certain circumstances after the numeral  "one", usually pronounced  in the second tone, as if undergoing tone sandhi with the classifier   after it.
While approving of Undo and other user interface improvements, the magazine disliked the loss of "exactly what Infocom writers do best—lots of descriptive text with a loving eye for detail that adds a sense of realism to good adventures".
This was a huge loss for the band because Stuart's musicianship and showmanship were a large part of the band's appeal.
IPTV is sensitive to packet loss and delays if the streamed data is unreliable.
2 October – Royal Navy armoured cruiser  is torpedoed by  off Rathlin Island with the loss of 18 crew, capsizing later.
Besides that, amalgam is avoided if there is extensive loss of tooth substance such that a retentive cavity cannot be produced, or if excessive removal of health tooth substance would be required to produce a retentive cavity.
At the age of two, the young Halleck suffered a hearing loss when two soldiers fired off their guns next to his left ear; he was partially deaf for the remainder of his life.
On November 13, in the ninth game of the season, Fitzgerald had eight receptions for 102 yards in a 33–19 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
In the next game, he recorded 107 yards on seven receptions against the Minnesota Vikings in a 27–24 loss.
Those infected by many worms may experience abdominal pain, diarrhea, weight loss, and tiredness.
In the words of Baerwaldt, the story is a fictional "autobiography [that] features a diabolical plot surrounding a coward on a mission [named Guy Maddin] that resembles a cycle of dark spectacles dressed up as, among other things, lewd seduction, Canadian hockey, murder, amputations, hair design, general mayhem, fetish attractions and heartfelt loss."
 Saltzman, Cynthia: Portrait of Dr. Gachet: The Story of a Van Gogh Masterpiece: Money, Politics, Collectors, Greed, and Loss.
In 1915, the spinners were removed and the overheating problems disappeared with little loss in performance.
The 2001 Chargers ended their 5–11 season with a loss to the Seattle Seahawks, after Doug Flutie passed for 377 yards and drove for the tying field goal with 16 seconds remaining, but poor special teams play led to a long Seahawks kick return and subsequently a 54-yard winning field goal.
Aimar lifted five titles with River between 1996 and 2000, scoring 21 goals and recording 28 assists in 82 league appearances for the club, with his final appearance coming on 17 December 2000 in a 3–2 loss to Lanús.
In 2008 Stammler scored against Barcelona in a 6-2 loss.
27 December 2010 – One of the GFS's Eurocopter Super Puma Mk II helicopters (B-HRN) ditched in Shing Mun Reservoir after the loss of its number 2 engine.
Loss due to condensation is restricted to the LP cylinder.
However, in the case of amounts that are small or are to be held for a short time, it is impractical for the attorney to establish a separate account for each client since the cost of establishing and administering the account would exceed any interest generated, and result in a net loss for the client.
Several border conflicts with the Republic of Venice led to the loss of Rovereto in the Lagarina Valley.
Complete loss of function is fatal.
Bamboo flooring has led to deforestation, as existing trees are cut down to be replaced with bamboo plantations; this results in soil erosion in the often hilly and mountainous areas occupied by forestland, along with a loss of biodiversity in the region as other flora and fauna are cleared for bamboo.
Positive and negative feedback, also called positive and negative feedback loop, essentially describes game mechanics that reward or punish playing (usually well or bad) with power or the loss of it.
Another theme, which recurs often throughout Trollope's works, is the threat of the loss of a house.
Those points that fit the estimated model well, according to some model-specific loss function, are considered as part of the consensus set.
Biographer Ray Coleman said the song is "a searing mixture of a love letter and a lament for the loss of his children".
Shortly thereafter, the ship's commanding officer Commander Michael B. Portland was also relieved of his command because of a loss of confidence in his leadership, but he has not been charged with any offense.
A senior review in 2005, just previous to its loss, described the mission as "extremely productive", having confirmed several theoretical predictions (e.g.
The combined total loss of merchants ships and transports for the Allies and Norwegians was around 70 ships.
In October, the Dutch East Indiaman Zeelilee was wrecked in the Isles of Scilly with the loss of 25 of her 70 crew.
Following the loss of the source of the dye, various customs of tying were introduced to compensate for the lack of this primary element.
Radiographs utilized to find dental caries and bone loss laterally or at the apex.
 Officials cancelled three Baltimore Orioles games, resulting in a $5 million loss to the team.
Clancy took the win while Aguilera received the loss.
Alexander's law refers to gaze-evoked nystagmus that occurs after an acute unilateral vestibular loss.
In February 1990, Wigan announced a record £280,000 profit but by 1993 this had become a loss of £300,000 on a turnover of £3 million, in no small way to the cost of the Whitbread Stand that had been built at the clubhouse end of Central Park in 1991–92 at an estimated cost of £1.3 million.
In Harleian MS. 6403 is a story that one of his sons, in the capacity of page, drank the remainder of the poisoned cup supposed to have been provided by Leicester for Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex, but escaped with no injury beyond the loss of his hair.
Several years before William's birth, King Edward instructed Thomas Ros to remain with his army on his Irish estates "to prevent the loss and destruction of the country".
Overall, he said it was "all about loss and love and tragedy and just regular everyday things we all go through".
Wedge reported attacks on his shepherds and the loss of hundreds of sheep and other livestock.
A general court martial, held on 11 October 1937, found that Captain Howard B. Mecleary, Omahas commanding officer at the time of the grounding, was guilty of negligence "resulting in the stranding of the vessel", he was sentenced to the loss of 25 numbers on the captain's list.
Cancers often present with blood in the urine, weight loss, lower back pain or gradual distension in the flanks.
He played his first game for Thunder in the 7–16 loss to the Hamburg Sea Devils on April 22, 2007.
In addition, the startle reflex exhibited by some exposed unexpectedly to laser light of this sort has been reported to have resulted in cases of self-injury or loss of control.
After that loss and a 0–6 record on the season, coach Jeff Fisher replaced Collins as starting quarterback with Vince Young, three days before the November 1, 2009 game against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Until 2014, this game was the Giants' only World Series loss at home since Pacific Bell Park opened in 2000.
This contributed to his loss to Santorum by two percentage points.
It can be seen that photorespiration has very negative consequences for the plant, because, rather than fixing , this process leads to loss of .
Mechanical failure was a factor with the Italian's 2006 campaign, with the loss of podium finishes occurring all too often.
Soth is motivated not by Indonesia, but by a perceived betrayal which resulted in the loss of a leg years prior, and intends to exact revenge on the United States.
A short circuit created an electrical fire, which resulted in the loss of his factory and his entire stock and blueprints.
The loss was the 2nd highest in terms of total points, and the 3rd highest percentage-wise, for a one-day period in the index's history.
The Space Shuttle Columbia disaster of 2003, where damage to a wing during launch resulted in total loss upon re-entry.
From their opening Champions League group stage 0–3 home loss to Chelsea, to their domestic league struggling results, PSG never succeeded in replicating the winning form of the previous season.
After defeating Lothair's forces, and returning the emperor to power on 1 March 834, Bernard requested the return of his honores, citing the loss of men he had sustained for the emperor's cause.
Triple-mutant mice that were rod-less, cone-less, and melanopsin-less display a complete loss in the circadian rhythms, so all three photopigments in these photoreceptors, rhodopsin, photopsin and melanopsin, are necessary for photoentrainment.
However, against the hosts with its squad made up the majority of MLS players, Qatar failed to find the way to the net, in spite of having a penalty in 60th minute, ultimately paid a price with a late goal from Gyasi Zardes to end Qatar's campaign with a 0–1 loss.
The deep, tragic loss of Enkidu profoundly inspires in Gilgamesh a quest to escape death by obtaining godly immortality.
It was also a season where Thompson had used the 2005 semi-final loss to the Swans as motivation.
By 3.50 pm, some houses were alight in the suburbs of Duffy and Chapman, with the loss of a home in Holder soon after.
Abandoned child syndrome is a proposed behavioral or psychological condition that is said to result from the loss of one or both parents.
All of her passengers and crew were rescued by the Medway Queen without loss of life and, heavily overloaded, she made the harbour.
He played for the Wales national youth team at age eighteen and won his first cap against Australia in December 1966 and was first choice as lock for the team until he retired from international rugby in 1974, playing his last International in his only loss against England.
The restructuring of heavy industry had caused the loss of many working-class jobs, and unemployment was high in the city.
One of these was Muhammad Ali's loss to Larry Holmes in 1980.
In 1986 the club was the first one to win its group in the UEFA Intertoto Cup without loss of points.
The most commonly cited criteria for success are function of at least five years in the absence of pain, mobility, radiographic lucency and peri-implant bone loss of greater than 1.5 mm on the implant, the lack of suppuration or bleeding in the soft tissues and occurrence of technical complications/prosthetic maintenance, adequate function, and esthetics in the prosthetic.
Also the recovery time after the loss of sludge by accident is longer than in conventional nitrogen removal systems.
The MW irradiation can excite the electron single quantum transitions ("allowed transitions") when ωMW is close to ωe, resulting in a loss of the electron polarization.
One of the largest employers is the Bundeswehr, but the closure of the barracks is planned for 2015 with a direct loss of more than 800 jobs in the city.
Klubi Sportiv Albpetrol had played with FC Balzers for the 1993–94 European Cup Winners' Cup but suffered a 3-1 loss on away field and a draw at home field.
Gasparini and Fields conclude that the bridge might have survived the loss of the lug had the chords and diagonals been made stronger through active continuous connection.
These analysts furthermore pointed to the extent and speed of BA's growth in employment at the airport during that time as a major cause of the huge loss incurred by that operation.
BRM were mourning the loss of Pedro Rodríguez in a sports car race a few days earlier.
Dr. McCoy then reports that the crew are getting worse, and Chief Engineer Scott reports a loss of power.
On lap 31, Trulli retired from fifth at La Rascasse turn with flames coming from the rear of his car due to a loss of engine hydraulic pressure.
On the 52nd lap, Coulthard made a pit stop for tyres after a minor loss of car control through Juncao corner and the start/finish straight.
In October 2018 De Rosario came out of retirement to sign with the newly formed MASL club, the Mississauga MetroStars; he later scored his first goal for the club in the MetroStars's opening match, an 11–3 loss away to the Baltimore Blast.
| 1995-05-04 || Loss ||align=left| Peter Aerts || K-1 Grand Prix '95 Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.
She won four of her next six fights, the lone loss in that span being a unanimous decision in a rematch against Wolfe.
He scored his first goal for Bristol City in a 2–1 loss at Reading on 26 November 2016.
Accounting sources advise that the full amount of a bad debt be written off to the profit and loss account or a provision for bad debts as soon as it is foreseen.
The 1964 edition of the Paramaribo Cup saw Transvaal losing to visitors Botafogo from Brazil in a 4–1 loss.
Kevin Ambler first disclosed Hughes' gift to Mearline Norman in a lawsuit seeking to overturn his August 2010 Republican Primary loss to Jim Norman.
Sources vary in the breadth of the issue, however it is clear that significant biodiversity loss occurred in Africa.
The farmers of Cowwarr had long blamed government incompetence over nearly three decades for their woes, but when they were denied the right to claim compensation for loss of land, productivity, and private infrastructure in 1978 they decided to take further action.
His attempts to prolong and inflame the conflict failed, resulting in a loss of his status in the Empire and his eventual departure from it in 1713.
The next game, he caught 7 passes for 92 receiving yards and 2 touchdowns in a 17–30 loss to the Oakland Raiders.
The loss of Saipan was a heavy blow to both the military and civilian administration of Prime Minister of Japan Hideki Tōjō.
Carswell instead blamed his loss  on the "dark evil winds of liberalism" and the "northern press and its knee-jerking followers in the Senate".
He served as Majority Leader until 2014, when he resigned shortly after his loss in the Republican primary election for his House seat.
Author Robert Rodriguez describes his frame of mind as "brokenhearted, shocked, and dispirited at the loss of the only job he had ever known".
Tilly and her husband Norman struggle to keep their marriage together following the loss of their baby son, William (who was played by Emily Ryan).
Cats are unusually dependent on a constant supply of the amino acid arginine, and a diet lacking arginine causes marked weight loss and can be rapidly fatal.
The total loss of property in the raid was reported as: 63 houses, 59 barns, full of grain, 3 grist mills, 235 horses, 229 horned cattle, 279 sheep, and 93 oxen.
Moreover, the resolution declared that 'In the interests of the international revolution, we consider it expedient to consent to the possible loss of the Soviet power, which has now become purely formal.'
Chincarini (2006) argues that part of the loss Amaranth incurred was due to asset illiquidity.
Preuss's monkey is an endangered species, due to habitat loss and hunting.
National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger was opposed to a full-scale evacuation as long as the aid option remained on the table because the removal of American forces would signal a loss of faith in Thiệu and severely weaken him.
An opening 3–0 loss to Nepal was perhaps not surprising, with Bhutan never having gained any form of positive result against their himalayan neighbours, and at this point in time having scored against them only once in the ANFA Cup back in 1982.
Cost and loss of R&D funds
Also, if the referee deems a time count violation on third down after the three-minute warning to be deliberate, he has the right to require the offensive team to legally put the ball into play within the 20-second count, with a violation resulting in loss of possession.
In a study that analyzed the complete DNA methylomes of CD4+ T cells in a newborn, a 26 years old individual and a 103 years old individual were observed that the loss of methylation is proportional to age.
People afflicted by this disease also experience a loss of neurons.
There was also a shortened form Decar – the loss of a pre-tonic syllable is not unusual in Welsh and a number of place-names show this feature.
Following a 9–1 loss to the Hartford Whalers that was Calgary's 11th consecutive defeat, Vernon was given his first regular season start on January 9, 1986, against the Vancouver Canucks.
An unruly encounter occurred between Toronto FC fans in 2009, upset from a loss in the Trillium Cup, and Columbus Crew fans.
The 18th-century French writer, Arnold Boscowitz, claimed that "great loss of life and property occurred upon the coasts of Cornwall".
While his physical mobility is essentially normal, Rummerfield still experiences loss of sensation in his lower legs, impaired bowel and bladder function, reduced strength in his hands, and difficulty regulating body temperature.
Even this new found evidence of Connolly's loss of interest in her is not enough for Sheba to cease her obsession of him, and she pines for him even knowing she will never hear from him again.
The team was so bad, that after a 13-3 loss to the Yankees on July 26, Red Sox ace Gene Conley got off the bus and attempted to leave the country and go to Israel.
In 2010 Wolseley ended its participation in the hire industry, selling Brandon Hire for a £42m Loss.
Though it was quite successful, a "disagreement" between the project administration and the user base caused a mass exodus of participating users which resulted in the loss of productive viability and the project eventually shut down.
On 30 April 1999, he made his first-team debut by playing 17 minutes in a 1–2 away loss against Boavista FC, then added 28 Primeira Liga appearances in his only full season as the capital club retained its top-division status.
Realising a loss in business to both films, Ritesh Sidhwani and Shahrukh Khan, the producers of Raees approached Chopra to work out a settlement to ensure both projects are exhibited comfortably across centres.
All people on board the Deutschland survived the attack, though two accompanying vessels sank with great loss of life.
Red shading indicates a loss or tie against a lower ranked opponent.
However, two disappointing defeats to Thailand away 0–1 and humiliating 0–3 home loss to the same opponent had put the team under heavy criticism.
Brown recounts his early life growing up under his father's guidance, a time which is marked by hardship and loss.
After the loss to Murphy, Fitzpatrick re-entered the practice of law, taking a position with Middletown Township law firm—and major Republican Party contributor—Begley, Carlin, and Mandio.
In 1811 she was wrecked off the coast of Jutland with the loss of almost her entire crew.
In addition, food restriction increases physical activity which further supports body weight loss initially.
Wishnofsky conducted a review of previous observations and experiments on weight loss and weight gain, and stated his conclusions in a paper he published in 1958.
Some effects of these kind of rape cases include a loss of masculinity, confusion about their sexual orientation, and a sense of failure in behaving as men should.
Heba Salama was awarded the $100,000 prize for the eliminated contestant with the largest percentage of weight loss after losing 138 pounds, or 46.94 percent of her body weight
The English villages are intended to reduce this loss, and make the immersion experience accessible to students from low-income families as well.
In 1927, Nacional made an American tour, with similar results to the ones obtained in the European adventure made two years before, with 16 wins, 2 ties and 1 loss.
Workers with a high frequency hearing loss may benefit more from HPD that attenuates sounds equally across the pitch range.
In order for a shomer to verify the circumstances of the entrusted item's loss, shomrim are required to swear a group of oaths in Beit Din.
The flash synchronization socket cover on the Super is permanently attached to the camera in an attempt to prevent loss, though many still get lost when the plastic tether breaks.
Despite the loss of an important ally, PARAKU and the PGRS continued fighting against the Malaysian government during the Sarawak Communist Insurgency which lasted until November 1990.
 'Incredible' rate of polar ice loss alarms scientists (2014)
However, taxi drivers claimed that the station has put them at a disadvantage, reporting a loss of 20 percent in earnings, with about 20,500 commuters using the station daily as of March 2002.
III./JG 2 lost 19 Fw 190s and three were damaged, a loss rate of 79%.
Later that year, he weighed 245 pounds in the loss to Lennox Lewis.
He took the reins of the club, following the loss of experienced players such as Daniel Bandy (retired), Rowan Jones (retired), Luke Toia (retired), as well as Mitch Morton (Richmond) and Cale Morton (Melbourne).
In 1939, with the loss of champion spearhead Holdsworth to Kalgoorlie, Swans slid to sixth on the ladder with seven wins from twenty games.
As part of this acquisition, the former research and development site in Ipswich, Suffolk, England, was closed with a loss of about 80 jobs in order to centralize development in Vancouver and Paris, with the support for the Holos product being outsourced to Raspberry Software based near Ipswich.
The species became extinct after the arrival of humans 3000 years ago, presumably due to human-caused factors (habitat loss, introduced species).
By changing the alloying element to calcium, more recent designs have reduced the rate of water loss.
On 13 August 2020, Communications Earth and Environment, a Nature Research journal published a study on "Dynamic ice loss from the Greenland Ice sheet driven by sustained glacier retreat".
Speculation on the limited availability of the McRib includes theories concerning the fluctuating price and unreliable supply chains of bulk pork, manipulation of availability windows to turn the product into a better loss leader for the company, and the generation of renewed enthusiasm and higher sales as a result of scarcity.
Women with polycystic ovary syndrome also have higher loss rates possibly related to hyperinsulinemia or excess androgens.
Even with appropriate and correct treatment another pregnancy loss may occur as each pregnancy develops its own risks and problems.
This extends also to agricultural biodiversity and loss of genetic diversity from farmers' fields and the wild.
In Game 3, he committed an error that allowed Gene Bearden to score the first run of the game in a 2–0 loss to the Indians.
He also appeared in the 2017 Canadian Soccer League final playing the full 120 minutes in a penalty shootout loss to the York Region Shooters 
Lanier then fouled out, scoring 18 points with 13 rebounds in the third-place East Region game, a 92–75 loss to Columbia.
Without loss of generality, let  a ⋅ a = b ⋅ b = 1.
Due to the accelerated degradation and habitat loss persistent in Ecuador, it becomes a priority to identify the areas that are of importance for the conservation of the Andean bear to avoid the fragmentation and isolation of this population.
Eastern Sea Sami: Loss of distinction between postalveolar and plain alveolar consonants.
Many viewers were upset over the loss of Facenda, and his retirement failed to improve ratings (Part of the decline of WCAU's ratings can also be attributed to rival KYW hiring Jessica Savitch as one of its primary co-anchors in 1972).
He lost the general election to Lieutenant Governor Tate Reeves on November 5, 2019, which was his first statewide loss.
After 23 seasons in the top flight, they were relegated to J2 (and the second tier) for the first time in their history after a 1–0 home loss to Vegalta Sendai on October 17, 2015.
Tate came back from the loss on June 20, 1980 against up and coming Trevor Berbick.
Psychedelic experiences feature alterations in normal perception such as visual distortions and a subjective loss of self-identity, sometimes interpreted as mystical experiences.
Joiner passed Charley Taylor as the career leader in receptions on November 25, 1984, breaking the mark of 649 with six catches for 70 yards in a 52–24 loss against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Following the loss of the election, Sant resigned as leader of the Labour Party on 10 March 2008, and as Leader of the Opposition on 5 June 2008; he was succeeded as party leader by Joseph Muscat and as leader of the opposition by Charles Mangion.
The new 1000 was built with the "modern style" architecture and it resulted in an even larger weight loss for the litre-bike: from 487 lbs to 374 lbs.
The loss of just one of these aircraft can have a significant effect on fighting capability, and they are usually heavily defended by fighter escorts.
She was torpedoed and sunk during the Falklands War on 2 May 1982 by the British nuclear-powered submarine , with the loss of 323 lives, or just over half of Argentine deaths in the war.
Loss of trees, herbaceous vegetation, and groundwater dependent wetland plants will effect the species they support.
It also caught fire in the Fall of 2018 and was a catastrophic loss.
That month McNamara was deeply affected by the loss of his close friend Peter Drummond, who had helped keep attacking cavalry at bay during his Victoria Cross action in 1917.
He would be used sparingly by the Heat, including in their playoff run which concluded with a loss in the conference finals to the defending champion Detroit Pistons.
In this case,  is the value of the loss function at -th example, and  is the empirical risk.
On March 7, 2008, Lloyd signed a one-year deal with the Chicago Bears after the release of Muhsin Muhammad and the loss of Bernard Berrian to free agency.
A rematch was scheduled for Histeria Boricua 2011, which was promoted with a throwback angle in which he emphasized how having defeated other undefeated wrestlers such as Austin and Johnson, claiming that his loss at Christmas in PR was nothing but a fluke.
During Chambers's time at the company, Wang's profits declined dramatically from $2 billion 1989 to a $700 million loss in 1990.
Despite the strong U.S. presence and loss of portage revenue, however, the Miami maintained sovereignty in Kekionga through the War of 1812.
For 1984, the company made a loss of              £621,000.
Eating for Life: Your Guide to Great Health, Fat Loss and Increased Energy!
The CIBC World Markets unit suffered a net loss of C$186 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1998 which dragged down the performance of the parent bank's stock by almost one-third.
Days later, during the Battle of the Tarigo Convoy, the same tactics allowed other submarines to lead the force to devastate an Italian convoy for the loss of one destroyer.
Eventually the power loss of the Abbasids in Baghdad has led for general upon general to take over rule of Egypt, yet being under Abbasid allegiance, the Tulunid dynasty (868–905) and Ikhshidid dynasty (935–969) were among the most successful to defy the Abbasid Caliph.
More severe barotrauma can lead to middle ear fluid or even permanent sensorineural hearing loss.
Most causes of conductive hearing loss can be identified by examination but if it is important to image the bones of the middle ear or inner ear then a CT scan is required.
There is no proven or recommended treatment or cure for SNHL; management of hearing loss is usually by hearing strategies and hearing aids.
Presbycusis is by far the dominant cause of sensorineural hearing loss in industrialized societies.
Similar studies have shown a possible link between that hearing loss and neuropathy (nerve damage).
Prolonged or repeated environmental or work-related exposure to ototoxic chemicals can also result in sensorineural hearing loss.
This technique has led to the suggestion that a low frequency dead region may be related to a loss of 40-50 dB.
For example, a hearing loss of 30 dB would make conversational speech sound more like a whisper.
Moderate earthquakes are frequent, with the strongest yet measured here on 18 February 1911, with a magnitude 6.6 at a focal depth of 15 km, destroying houses but with no loss of life
Loss of land continued.
Dynegy's shares fell 80 percent in the two years after the deal closed, and the company posted a large $345 million loss in the second quarter of 2009.
The film recorded a loss of $445,000.
On 31 March 1900 at Sanna's Post (aka Korn Spruit), South Africa, 'Q' and 'U' Batteries of the Royal Horse Artillery were ambushed with the loss of most of the baggage column and five guns of the leading battery.
While Chkhenkeli was receptive to the loss of Batum, recognizing its importance but accepting that it was part of the terms at Brest-Litovsk, the Georgian members of the Seim were adamant about keeping the city, Gegechkori noting that it could be defended quite easily.
It is not what we seek... any of us" and Marcus is left at a loss for words.
The 1994 Northridge earthquake caused the loss of many residences and historic buildings, particularly on the north side of the city.
First Secretary Nikita Khrushchev and Chairman Leonid Brezhnev sent letters of condolence to Johnson stating, "The villainous assassination of Head of the American State John F. Kennedy is a grievous, indeed a very grievous loss for your country.
Robinson returned to the field on August 24, coming on as a sub in a 1-0 loss to the Kansas City Wizards in a U.S. Open Cup match.
Grand lodge governance may have shifted or reorganised, resulting in further loss of records on the member or the name, number, location or even existence of the lodge in question.
Two points were awarded for a win, one point for a draw and no points for a loss.
Market-makers use the bid-ask spread to recoup this loss from uninformed traders, who have private reasons for trading, for example, because of liquidity needs.
Wright sat out during the US loss to the Dominican Republic in the following game, citing soreness.
Rare side effects include flushing of the face, hyperhidrosis (excessive sweating), cutaneous eruption, arterial hypotension, tachycardia, loss of appetite, jaundice, eosinophilia, thrombopenia, mixed hepatitis, headache, allergic reaction, chronic active hepatitis, and paradoxical aggravation of cerebral vasospasm.
In addition to significant steep elevation gain and loss, trail conditions include frequent exposure to very high winds, contiguity to several large cliffs, crossings of cracked boulders, and multiple traverses aided by fixed ladders and cables.
After a period of intense missionary activity by the Catholic Church, Tokugawa Hidetada, the second shōgun of the Tokugawa dynasty, issued a decree which banned the practice and teaching of the Christian faith, and under the threat of loss of life, all the missionaries had to leave Japan.
In a 1992 episode of The Simpsons, "Bart's Friend Falls in Love", Homer orders hypnosis tapes which are supposed to induce weight loss.
With a 0–1 loss against Ghana, Malawi ended the group stage with 1 point at the bottom of the table and was eliminated from the tournament.
In recognition of the valour displayed by the Australian ship and her company, United States President Franklin Delano Roosevelt wished to commemorate the loss of HMAS Canberra by naming a US ship in her honour.
Due to its small range and the loss of its habitat, the Guinea baboon is classified as "near threatened" by the IUCN.
Konstantinov made his second appearance with the Lightning on November 21, 2002, a 6–1 loss to the New York Islanders.
Their last chance at success came in the final of the newly created British Knockout Cup in front of a new record Skydome crowd, but resulted in another shootout loss.
The loss of the cell adhesion molecules, E cadherins, is causally involved in the formation of epithelial types of cancers such as carcinomas.
As a novelist, her most noted work was Pinjar ("The Skeleton", 1950), in which she created her memorable character, Puro, an epitome of violence against women, loss of humanity and ultimate surrender to existential fate; the novel was made into an award-winning film, Pinjar (2003).
In the 2019–20 Chilean protests various people have suffered complete and permanent loss of vision in one or both eyes as result of the impact of tear gas grenades.
On 21 April 2021, the company announced that the entire business in Ireland, including all 69 standalone stores in Ireland, 12 outlets within other stores, and the carphonewarehouse.ie website would close with immediate effect, with the loss of 486 jobs.
 Vijaya's loss a big blow to local cinema
Next day he was severely wounded, but despite intense pain and loss of blood, he refused to be evacuated until he had gained a position from which the advance could be resumed.
Drawn with Iraq, hosts Jordan, and Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon finished third in their group with one win, one draw, and one loss.
Singapore were beaten 0–4 by Jordan in the first match, and then loss to Jordan with a scoreline of 0–2.
An early warning sign (prodrome) of the possibility of developing alcoholic polyneuropathy, especially in a chronic alcoholic, would be weight loss because this usually signifies a nutritional deficiency that can lead to the development of the disease.
Since NetFlow export almost only use network backbone links, packet loss will often be negligible.
In his only season with the team, he went 54–100 — the only 100 loss season in his managerial career.
The Bloods got some revenge for their 2003 Grand Final loss to Centrals with a 27-point win in the Qualifying final to book a place against Norwood in the Second Semi-final.
random variables each with entropy  can be compressed into more than  bits with negligible risk of information loss, as ; but conversely, if they are compressed into fewer than  bits it is virtually certain that information will be lost.
Left untreated, PF in animals is life-threatening, leading to not only loss of condition, but also secondary infection.
They won their first three matches, then suffered a loss to perennial power Nebraska.
Although Schmeling rebounded professionally from the loss to Louis (winning the European Heavyweight Title in 1939 by knocking out Adolf Heuser in the 1st round), the Nazi regime would cease promoting him as a national hero.
The steel company ran at a loss during the 1970s, until 1981 when a more optimised, commercially viable method for extracting iron was implemented, leading to an expansion of the Glenbrook facilities.
Nevertheless, Britain's only territorial loss came in Ireland, where the delay in finding a resolution to the home rule issue, along with the 1916 Easter Rising and a failed attempt to introduce conscription in Ireland, increased support for separatist radicals, and led indirectly to the outbreak of the Irish War of Independence in 1919.
Due to increasing population density, however, they use the land almost continuously today; the loss in fertility is partially countered through extensive use of fertilisers and manure.
Loss of elite status
After resuming the race, a loss of traction caused by cold tires made the car hit a curb, which broke the radiator and took the MC12 out of the race.
The team officially protested their 2 August 1975 2-1 overtime loss to Earthquakes stating crowd noise prevented head coach Fisher from communicating with his players between the end of regulation and the beginning of overtime.
Partridge attacked the second until loss of blood compelled him to halt.
2018 saw Castleford finish the regular season in 3rd position after an injury-hit year including the loss of key man Luke Gale for several months with a fractured knee-cap.
His 2006 Washington team started October with a 4–1 record, with its most notable victory a stunning 29–19 upset over previously undefeated UCLA, before losing its next 6 games after starting quarterback Isaiah Stanback suffered a season-ending foot injury in a loss to Oregon State in their sixth game.
This would have resulted in much greater loss of life aboard.
In 1988 Santos Laguna purchased the Puebla Angels, giving them Cristian Saavedra, Wilson Graniolatti, Martin Zuniga and Miguel Herrera and a record of three wins, four draws and one loss.
The closing of the bar, compounded with the loss of several nearby LGBTQ businesses, was met with outrage and disappointment.
In the 2009 European election, the party lost most of its support, falling from nearly 30% to 7.5%, resulting in the loss of 3 of its 4 European seats.
After 6 years of legal costs, Black and his wife both pleaded guilty to the reinstated federal obscenity charges in hopes to avoid more extensive loss and penalties if they lost at actual trial.
Initiated by the loss of his job and the unraveling of his marriage, his own search for “self” quite literally took him down the road less traveled.
Loss of the bridgehead destroyed his plans for an offensive and left his army dangerously extended on a now indefensible front.
She's never at a loss!
Writing in 2010, Bocancea suggested that Carp's disappearance was the loss of a political model, characterized by "conviction", "the refusal to compromise", and "civility".
Arizona blew up from magazine explosions and a direct bomb hit on the bridge which resulted in the loss of his life.
These changed circumstances led to a progressive loss of morale and members.
wrote that the acoustic 1867 Legend has "a gently rounded super-shallow body design that may be about as close to the shape and depth of an electric guitar as is possible without an intolerable loss of tone quality.
The loss of Bindu causes progressive weakening and ultimately death.
Despite the loss of approximately 10,000 personnel living in the area, the base has been successfully redeveloped since closing.
Before his loss, the Bears allowed only two opponents to score more than 20 points (23 points to the Arizona Cardinals in week six and 31 to the Miami Dolphins in week 9).
A social worker, Paula, takes a special interest in Rebeca; like her, she is heartbroken, grieving the loss of her boyfriend Hugo.
He returns to the place where he met the vixen, and sits at the tree grieving the loss of both the vixen and Terynka.
In the early morning of December 6, 2009, soon after returning home following his team's loss in the 2009 SEC Championship Game, Meyer was quietly admitted into a Gainesville hospital suffering from chest pains and dehydration.
Harvard's loss was its third consecutive championship game disappointment, each time at the hands of a school in the University of Minnesota system.
For Brent, freedom in the garret takes the form of loss of speech, movement, and consciousness.
Despite his amazing accomplishment, Billy weeps not only for the loss of baseball, but for the other love of his life, Jane.
With the Packers, Longwell played in Super Bowl XXXII, where he kicked one field goal and three extra points in their 31-24 loss to the Denver Broncos.
However, the higher the turbulence, the higher the pressure loss will be for the combustor, so the dome and swirler must be carefully designed so as not to generate more turbulence than is needed to sufficiently mix the fuel and air.
However, after a couple of weeks and a loss in the first game of the season, O’Neill was dismissed, while Eviston resigned in solidarity.
Weeks later, blood was still seeping through Hitler's bandages, and he suffered sharp pain in the right ear, as well as hearing loss.
On June 13, 2004, Sheets struck out all three batters on nine total pitches in the third inning of a 5–4 loss to the Houston Astros,becoming the 26th National League pitcher and the 35th pitcher in major-league history to accomplish an immaculate inning.
Following an injury on 23 December 2006, in a 2–1 loss against Lens, it was announced that Bellion would be out for three weeks.
It is characterized by rapid progression of muscle degeneration, eventually leading to loss of skeletal muscle control, respiratory failure, and death.
As with the flooding of Priest Rapids, Celilo Falls, and Cascades Rapids downriver, the loss of Kettle Falls ended the traditional way of life for the native cultures that revolved around salmon fishing.
In the other 10 cases, loss of PMS2 expression was likely due to epigenetic overexpression of the microRNA, miR-155, which down-regulates MLH1.
They avoided speculative risk because if they failed, their shareholders were responsible for the full loss.
In a 3–1 loss against Coventry City on 21 January 2012, Arca was sent–off at the last minute of the game for a foul on Sammy Clingan.
In case of a coolant circuit failure with simultaneous loss of external power, the essential power can be supplied by the spinning down turbogenerators for about 45 to 50 seconds, during which time the diesel generators should start up.
With the loss of these members, Grebenshchikov recorded a highly successful solo album All Brothers are Sisters (Vse brat'ya - sestry).
Polk and MSU's Board of Trustees were named as defendants in over 300 lawsuits arising out of the loss of the university's accreditation.
Each team suffered one loss.
The limits of stability (LOS) is defined as the distance outside the base of support that can be traveled before a loss of balance occurs.
He made his professional regular season debut in the St. Louis Rams’ season-opening 24–17 loss against the New Orleans Saints.
In Week 12, Clements collected a season-high ten combined tackles (eight solo) and broke up a pass in the Bills' 31–13 loss at the New York Jets.
Their loss has bowed their parents head down to dust of our reflections and their deaths have enlikened the belief that the dear jewels were wrongly treated.
Jackson started the 2007 season with 58 rushing yards in a 27-17 loss to the Carolina Panthers.
The butterfly was first listed under the Endangered Species Act in 1994, after threats of poaching and loss of habitat increased.
In his first playoff game, Grossman struggled to anchor the Bears’ offense, completing 17 of 41 passes for 192 yards for one touchdown and an interception in a 29–21 loss against the Carolina Panthers.
However, typically this approach will result in flat areas (contours) and a loss of detail and may produce patches of color that are significantly different from the original.
Freeney finished his college career with 104 tackles (68 unassisted), 34 quarterback sacks, 51 tackles for a loss, and 43 quarterback pressures.
He returned to the Villa side later in the season, but after a 3-0 loss to Chelsea on 21 March 1999, manager John Gregory dropped him from the first team for the rest of the season.
Men in the U.S. and Canada concerned about persistent sexual side effects "coined the phrase 'post-finasteride syndrome', which they say is characterized by sexual, neurological, hormonal and psychological side effects that can persist in men who have taken finasteride for hair loss or an enlarged prostate".
He announced his resignation prior to the final game of the year, where Notre Dame suffered a humiliating 58–7 loss at Miami; Allen Pinkett scored the Irish TD.
The 2018 season ended with a 12-1 record, with the lone loss coming at the hands of the eventual National Champion Clemson Tigers in the Cotton Bowl.
There was a 12 billion dollar investment income loss in 2008 and 55 billion in 2009.
Late in the year, in a response to the Battle of Dover Strait, where a raid by German torpedo boats on the Dover Strait resulted in the loss of the destroyer , several drifters, it was decided to strengthen British naval forces in the English Channel.
In conductive hearing loss, bone conduction is better than air or BC > AC, a negative Rinne, and the patient will report that they do not hear the fork once it is moved.
Combined with the patient's perceived hearing loss, it can be determined if the cause is sensorineural or conductive.
When the 25 year franchise agreement expired Eat'n Park dropped Big Boy, attributed to the loss of drive-in popularity but primarily motivated by the end of the $1 per year license fee the franchise had enjoyed.
On October 30, 2001, Graham was invited back for a tryout after kicker Rian Lindell missed two field goals in a 24–20 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
Hutchinson's first start was the 17–14 loss to the Seattle Seahawks where Emmitt Smith broke the NFL all-time rushing record.
These incidents brought General Patton public condemnation, and loss of his command.
He started the season by being voted as the team captain, and in the season opener he recorded seven tackles and one tackle for a loss against San Jose State.
On November 30, 2003, he made four combined tackles and had his first career sack on Cincinnati Bengals' quarterback Jon Kitna, in a 20–24 loss.
Ring magazine called this inexplicable loss the low point of his career.
He played the first half in the wild-card round against the Colts before re-injuring the groin and missing the Chargers' divisional loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Their southern historic native range has been drastically reduced, with fish being restricted to higher-elevation, remote streams due to habitat loss and introductions of brown and rainbow trout.
On November 7, 2004, Dawkins collected a season-high nine solo tackles, broke up a pass, and made an interception during a 27–3 loss at the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The loss was the sign of the things to come: the next match away at Cesena was a chance for redemption, but Fiorentina couldn't break down the resilient home team, despite having a man advantage from the 73rd minute as Adrian Mutu got sent off, the match ended 0–0.
Thawing is necessary if frozen seedlings cannot be separated from one another and has been advocated by some in order to avoid possible loss of contact between plug and soil with shrinkage of the plug with melting of ice in the plug.
The battalion Medical Officer and the ambulances had been left behind at the start line on 26 October and had been unable to move forward in daylight; the loss of the FOO during the night, made it impossible to direct plunging fire on the Axis artillery and tanks hidden in dips around the post.
Such early hits risk loss of either crews' captain (and thus the game) while the crew may still be in otherwise prime condition.
He made his debut for the club, starting the whole game, in a 2–0 loss against Aston Villa five days later on 7 February 2004.
Whitehead made his Sunderland debut, coming on as a late substitute for Ben Clark, in a 2–0 loss against Coventry City in the opening game of the season.
Then, on 30 September, Whitehead made his first Premier League appearance – his first in four years – as a late substitute, in a 4–0 loss against Tottenham Hotspur.
Every man left in the regiment was needed to withstand the attack, which caused the loss of more than  and twelve machine-guns.
In typical cooking, the energy delivered by the cooker is only partly used to heat the food up to temperature; once that has occurred, all the subsequent energy input is delivered to the air as loss through steam or convection and radiation from the pan sides.
Yellow Taxibus operated a fleet of eight-seater spacious, upmarket Mercedes Vito vehicles on a high-frequency service between Dunfermline and Edinburgh seven days a week; however after a two-year trial the loss making service was withdrawn in November 2005.
The patient also had extensive hearing loss, little to no body hair, distorted facial features, and joint contractures.
The loss was a crushing blow to Glory but the team had done well despite problems Stange had with stars such as Vas Kalogeracos and Con Boutsianis who had both left the club.
The match was marred by the controversial 10th minute sending off of Cristiano which ultimately contributed to the loss.
On 17 May, as a starter he scored his first goal for the club at 14th minute in a 2–1 loss against Boca Juniors at La Bombonera.
On 1 April 2009, Botero scored a hat-trick for Bolivia in a historic 6–1 victory over Argentina in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier, Argentina's first loss under the recently appointed manager, Diego Maradona.
They are more common in hairier areas, where in cases of long duration they could result in hair loss on the skin surface immediately above the cyst.
This has the potential to mitigate the problem of isolation but not the loss of interior habitat.
Despite being one of Hargrove's 40 endorsed NDP candidates, Sid Ryan, president of the Ontario chapter of the Canadian Union of Public Employees and the candidate for Oshawa, blamed his loss on tactical voting.
Its shallow, angled sides are designed to reflect heat into the room, and its streamlined throat minimizes turbulence, thereby carrying away smoke with little loss of heated room air.
According to Variety, the film earned North American rentals of $7.3 million, but because of costs (including over $1 million paid out in participation fees), recorded an overall loss of $25,000.
Muscle loss around the shoulder may also occur.
The engagement cost the Danes the loss of one gunboat, which blew up, and heavy damage to the rest.
Loss of habitat is believed to be the prime reason for their decline.
They start with a 2013 loss to #1 St. John Bosco High School at home 52–13.
The show, which was performed at the Whitefire Theatre in Sherman Oaks, California, focused on women's issues with life, love, loss, and the workplace.
On 16 August 1809 the firth was the scene of the Meikle Ferry disaster when an over-laden ferryboat sank with the loss of 99 lives.
In Week 8, a 29–24 loss to the New York Giants, Witten caught a career-high 18 passes for a career-high 167 yards.
Divers may need to make an emergency ascent in the event of a loss of breathing gas which cannot be managed at depth.
On October 15, 1998, he collected a season-high ten combined tackles during a 27–20 loss at the Detroit Lions in Week 7.
On December 17, 2006, he collected a season-high eight combined tackles during a 26–13 loss to the New York Jets in Week 15.
Compounding the loss of regionalism is the role of the French capital and the centralized French State.
Shipworms have been responsible for the loss of many wooden hulls.
Fin brakes are designed to be fail-safe, so that a loss of power will cause them to engage.
Beloved is haunted by the loss of her African parents and thus comes to believe that Sethe is her mother.
In the Divisional Round, Rivers was 27–40 for 298 yards while rushing and throwing for a touchdown and was intercepted twice in the 17–14 loss to the New York Jets.
The Chargers' winning streak ended with a 21–13 loss to the New England Patriots the next week.
High levels can lead to loss of MAO-B selectivity, and selegiline may begin inhibiting MAO-A as well.
Her fighters claimed 37 victories for the loss of nine aircraft before disbanding on 1 September.
Despite the loss he went back to Germany and beat a third German prospect when he upset undefeated southpaw Rene Dettweiller in November.
Several research projects had to be halted or aborted due to loss of equipment, samples and data.
3.Qh5 Qe7) and the moves are considered inferior since they hamper White's development or leave the queen exposed, leading to loss of tempo.
 We owe allegiance to nobody except the financial interests which provide our money; and, to them, the sole responsibility of ensuring them a profit, not a loss.
Approximately 20% of patients with monophasic NMO have permanent visual loss, and 30% have permanent paralysis in one or both legs.
During the 2007–08 League Cup, he scored a brace in a 3–2 loss against Arsenal.
Santa Cruz then scored Paraguay's only goal in their 4–1 away loss against Brazil on 5 June 2005.
Motor and sensory functions distal to the point of injury are completely lost over time leading to Wallerian degeneration due to ischemia, or loss of blood supply.
 , an 18-gun  launched in 1806 and wrecked in 1811 off the Skaw with the loss 27 men to exposure.
Of McCain's loss, Huntsman later observed, "We're fundamentally staring down a demographic shift that we've never seen before in America".
The loss in strength due to upward seepage is a common contributor to levee failures.
The transmission has a loss rate of 4%.
In 2020, company acquired endpoint Data Loss Prevention Vendor DeviceLock.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) found that the probable cause of the accident was the procedures in use at the LAX control tower, which provided inadequate redundancy, leading to a loss of situational awareness by the local controller, and inadequate oversight by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for failing to supervise the control tower managers.
In the Wild Card game on December 31, a 21-3 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, Barber made 5 tackles.
He scored his first goal with the Rangers on November 3, 2009, against the Vancouver Canucks, his team's lone marker in a 4–1 loss.
Acceptable values for wireless transmission quality loss are considered to be about 20 dB to 25 dB.
He finished the season with 76 tackles (seventh on the team), 2 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, 12 quarterback pressures and 3 passes defensed.
The dive bombers also attacked Florence D. and sank her off Bathurst Island with the loss of four crewmen.
Clayton had 3 receptions and 34 yards despite the Buccaneers offensive struggles on September 10 in a 27–0 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
As Wally West's return to New Earth coincided exactly with Bart's death, Inertia alleged that Bart's loss of powers was a direct consequence of Wally absorbing the newly released Speed Force.
After a Week 11 loss to the Washington Redskins—the Packers' fourth in a row, putting them at 4–6—Rodgers was optimistic about the remainder of the season, saying, "I feel like we can run the table, I really do."
5α-Reductase inhibitors (5-ARIs), also known as dihydrotestosterone (DHT) blockers, are a class of medications with antiandrogenic effects which are used primarily in the treatment of enlarged prostate and scalp hair loss.
Deafblind UK is a national charity in the UK supporting people with sight and hearing loss to live the lives they want.
Though Agesipolis did not share the ambitious views of foreign conquest cherished by Agesilaus, his loss was deeply regretted by Agesilaus, who seems to have had a sincere regard for him.
As  crash-dived again, the Japanese destroyer dropped a string of 18 depth charges, severely damaging the boat and causing temporary loss of depth control.
Loss of the Lordship of the Isles fractured Highland society and the MacDonalds in particular, who were left holding lands on either side of the Irish Sea, rather than a unified block of territory.
Misawa improved his aerial skills under the guidance of La Fiera, and on April 5, Misawa had his first major singles championship match, headlining Arena México and wrestling NWA World Middleweight champion El Satánico to a loss.
Loss of initial vowel.
She and the other escorts reformed the convoy, and returned to Britain with the loss of only three of the thirty-four ships.
On fixtures without instant restrike capability, a momentary loss of power can mean no light for several minutes.
This eliminated the risk of loss in case of bank default.
Counter-attack goals got the best of the U.S. seeking to overcome the Germany loss and the player unrest after that match.
With the development of mass media, local artists in North Dakota, as in the rest of the country, saw a rapid loss of opportunity to create, perform, and sell popular music to the regional audience that had previously provided a market.
And then they were profitable and happy on Judgment Day, and whoever was an enemy to their buying - then he was in loss and despair.
Bowie had 10 points, 11 rebounds and two blocks in the loss.
After loss of the demonstration aircraft (SN 103 C-GCTC) at the 1984 Farnborough Airshow, the project was abandoned.
On November 1, 1998, he collected a season-high 14 combined tackles during a 30–24 loss at the Buffalo Bills in Week 9.
He made his professional regular season debut in the New Orleans Saints' 38–24 season-opening loss at the St. Louis Rams.
In Week 13, he collected a season-high ten solo tackles in the Chiefs' 31–28 loss at the Cleveland Browns.
Gouthière can, however, well bear this loss, nor will his reputation suffer should those critics ultimately be justified who believe that many of the furniture mounts attributed to him were from the hand of Thomire.
Wapno has never recovered economically from the loss of mining jobs after the accident, which has never been fully explained.
 atrophic changes like loss of hair, shiny skin
On May 26, 2007, he suffered his fourth loss to the undefeated Alexander Povetkin by a knockout in the 2nd round.
The effect of the continual cycle may include loss of love, contempt, distress, and/or physical disability.
The original Formal Investigation in 1974 concluded that the most likely reason for her loss was that she was overwhelmed by a succession of very large waves in heavy seas and capsized.
Chromosome 5q deletion syndrome is an acquired, hematological disorder characterized by loss of part of the long arm (q arm, band 5q33.1) of human chromosome 5 in bone marrow myelocyte cells.
Additionally, there are issues of reliability and the loss of the advantage which a more open choke of the over-under shotgun type can provide for the first shot.
These FSE 1JZ and 2JZ engines are aimed at achieving minimal emissions and fuel consumption together with no loss of performance.
Playing understudy to José Antonio Luque and César at Recre, Almunia's debut in the Spanish top flight came on 17 November 2002, following a red card to the latter in a 0–3 away loss against Deportivo Alavés.
Palestine participated in the 1992 Arab Cup held in Syria; they were drawn in Group B alongside the hosts and Saudi Arabia but were eliminated from the group stage after one draw and one loss.
Dental caries is an upset of the balance between loss and gain of minerals from a tooth surface.
Orpen became seriously ill in May 1931, and, after suffering periods of memory loss, died aged 52 in London, on 29 September 1931, and was buried at Putney Vale Cemetery.
The film's $21 million box office gross led to a loss for the studio, putting the future of the animation division in jeopardy.
After undergoing years of therapy to cope with his loss, he takes up unicycle-racing, only to get into a gruesome accident.
Following the 1985 season, in which Fryar was named to his first Pro Bowl, he played in Super Bowl XX, where he scored New England's only touchdown in their 46–10 loss to the Chicago Bears.
Initially formed of seven battalions (four regular and three Territorial Army), the regiment was reduced in 1975 with the loss of the 4th (Leicestershire) Battalion to three regular battalions and three TA.
Referee Ed Hochuli called a controversial unnecessary roughness penalty against Joe Bowden in Baltimore's 16–14 loss to the Tennessee Oilers for his hit on Harbaugh on a 2nd-and-24 play with Tennessee leading 14–13 after his 9-yard scramble towards the sideline, ruling that Harbaugh was in bounds when hit.
The team went 11–1 in the regular season, with their only loss coming from Oregon, a team that was undefeated and earned a berth in the BCS National Championship Game.
His involvement with Jawaharlal Nehru later turned out to be a major reason for shameful loss and massacre of Indian troops at the hands of the Chinese".
Umesh was not fired, but transferred to another high-ranking post as assistant to a deputy COO at no loss of income.
Front-line positions were to be thinly held, maintained regardless of loss and recaptured by  (immediate counter-attacks).
Four German aircraft were shot down and others damaged for no loss but the superior speed of the newer German aeroplanes, allowed them to break off at will.
On 10 February the division returned to the front, on the northern edge of their previous position and lost one of the more isolated advanced posts which was out of sight from the British line and which the division had been given permission to abandon shortly before its loss.
Fandi scored a goal in a 1–2 loss to Thailand in the 1981 King's Cup and a hat-trick against the Philippines at the 1981 SEA Games.
According to her younger son (of the two who survived), Dr. Vamana Bendre, the loss of Ramachandra plunged her into a despondence she was never quite able to overcome.
The Game Boy Color's cartridge-based format necessitated the loss of the full motion video cut scenes from the other versions, and many game play areas had to be reduced in size while some were eliminated entirely.
When the court did decide to act, the portfolio no longer was a concern of Fortis, which then resold the currency on December 12, at a loss.
As they regroup back at UNIT headquarters, Sarah is saddened by the loss of K1.
The fire rapidly spread to the residential flats on the higher levels of the 4-storey building, and it was only by singular good fortune and heroic action of residents in rescuing one elderly gentleman that all escaped without loss of life or serious injury.
This is three times the loss from OECD import restrictions on textiles and clothing.
Gibbons are threatened by capture for the meat trade and pet trade in addition to threats by habitat loss.
Hess has not fought professionally since this loss, but has stated he took the Belfort fight on short notice, that if he was allowed to come back he would be "world champ", and that Belfort was "on steroids" when he beat him.
Because of memory loss, suicidal impulses, mood swings, and headaches, Johnson believes he has chronic traumatic encephalopathy (which can't be diagnosed until an autopsy is performed on the brain after death).
He made his debut the next day in the season opener, a 3–1 home loss to Blackpool, starting on the left of a three-man defence and being replaced by Layton Ndukwu after 52 minutes.
General Secretary of the Soviet Communist Party Mikhail Gorbachev slammed "actions by irresponsible persons" for loss of life.
The spotted turtle is declining throughout eastern North America due to habitat loss and poaching.
Moore's first game after signing for the club on a permanent basis came on 26 August 2008 against Hartlepool United in the second round of the League Cup, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 loss.
He met with Isaac Lea, who was willing to publish it so long as they were protected against any loss.
Other ways to indicate the sense of loss of control, are craving food despite being full.
The American official casualty return stated the loss as 60 killed, 249 wounded and 19 missing.
Prior to the loss, the Chiefs posted an eleven-game winning streak, which is the best in franchise history.
The Saints were knocked out of the 2011 playoffs in a 36–32 loss to San Francisco, in which the defense played well for most of the game but twice failed to hold a Saints lead during the last four minutes.
Despite a last-second loss to the Brett Favre-led Minnesota Vikings in Week 3, the 49ers recorded wins against the reigning NFC champion Arizona Cardinals and NFC West divisional rival Seattle Seahawks and St. Louis Rams.
This added up to a total British loss of 49 killed and 216 wounded, of whom 16 were left behind on the field.
Following the end of the Communist era in 1989, the formerly lively summer festival scene in Budapest faced a crisis due to a sudden loss of governmental funding.
She is credited with mounting a strong campaign despite the loss.
These events cost the loss of lives and vast destruction along the coast.
The Naval History & Heritage Command has stated she "probably sank in an unexpected storm", but the cause of the ship's loss is not known.
It marked Sakuraba's second defeat in mixed martial arts and his first loss in the 205-pound division.
When the 104th assembled the next day and roll was called, those who were still standing openly wept at the loss of over half of their men who had attacked.
There are four outcomes: automatic win, automatic loss, set point, re-roll
Following a road loss to the Baltimore Ravens, the Saints won back-to-back home games vs. the Jacksonville Jaguars and Chicago Bears, but the turnaround was a mirage.
Be that as it may, ol' Diz recovered rapidly enough to start Game 5 (a 3–1 loss to Tiger curveballer Tommy Bridges) the very next day.
Bob Rush pitched well for the Braves, but his loss helped the Yanks get back into the Series.
The Cardinals made it all the way to the divisional playoffs before being eliminated in a 41-21 loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
Previous MZs had poor knock control, or perhaps oversensitivity when detecting knock, and power loss up to  may be realized due to erratic ignition timing when using an octane lower than 91.
With projections indicating that the park would operate at a loss and with opposition in the press, Disney canceled the project on September 15, 1994.
Low folate status with the consequent loss of FAD enhances the thermolability of the enzyme, thus providing an explanation for the normalised homocysteine and DNA methylation levels in folate-replete 677TT individuals.
Traditional healers are not powerful enough to cure illness due to the loss of a person's tendi (this falls under the jurisdiction of the datuk), however they do play a role in communicating with begu and influencing their behavior.
According to some scholars such as Lars Fogelin, the decline of Buddhism may be related to economic reasons, wherein the Buddhist monasteries with large land grants focused on non-material pursuits, self-isolation of the monasteries, loss in internal discipline in the sangha, and a failure to efficiently operate the land they owned.
At the start of the 2014–15 season, Dunn made his first appearance of the season, where he started and played 62 minutes before being substituted, in a 1–0 loss against Scunthorpe United in the first round of the League Cup.
In the next century, they experienced a massive population decline due to epidemics of outside diseases and loss of territory.
At a hearing on October 24, 2013, in Orlando, Florida, he claimed that his crime stemmed from concussions he suffered during his career in the NFL, adding that he had headaches, insomnia, and memory loss.
If a bullet causes sufficient damage to the brain or spinal cord, immediate loss of consciousness or paralysis, respectively, can result.
On December 2, 1968 Wien Consolidated Airlines F-27B, N4905B, encountered severe to extreme turbulence near Pedro Bay, Alaska, resulting in separation of right wing and loss of all 39 on board.
Although it may be seen as contradictory to the previous statement, at times, sound tooth structure may need to be sacrificed in order to prevent further more substantial and uncontrolled loss of tooth structure.
Modern estimates put the direct deaths from the earthquake to be probably a little over 100,000, while probably a little over 700,000 migrated away or died from famine and plagues, which summed up to a total loss of 830,000 people in Imperial records.
|  | Retired to run for Governor of Virginia.New member elected.Republican loss.
|  | Incumbent lost re-election.Republican loss.
As a result of this loss, Demosthenes did not return to Athens, fearing for his life.
|  | Incumbent retired.Republican loss.
|  | Lost renomination in a redistricting contest.Democratic loss.
|  | Incumbent lost renomination.Democratic loss.
|  | Incumbent retired.Democratic loss.
Although, diabetes is considered a disease of affluence affecting the developed countries, there is more loss of life and premature death among people with diabetes in the developing countries.
|  | Incumbent retired during repportionment.Republican loss.
|  | Incumbent lost re-election during reapportionment.Republican loss.
His first loss was by a split decision to light heavyweight champion Maxie Rosenbloom.
Newry played instead in the Irish Intermediate League until 1954, when the league folded due to the loss of members to the Irish League B Division.
Simeulue was close to the epicenter of the 9.3 magnitude 26 December 2004 earthquake, but loss of life was surprisingly low, mainly because the people are familiar with earthquakes and tsunamis in this seismically active region and so knew to leave the coast after the earthquake.
Despite the loss of his seat, he continued to be active in local politics.
Russia's Euro 2008 qualification hopes came into question after a 2–1 loss to Israel.
Another poor season led the team to 11th in the table; this was followed up by a 6-3 aggregate loss to Newry City, which of course meant relegation to the championship.
Siberut was affected by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake tsunami, but without any known loss of human life.
After serving a one match suspension, Djourou returned to the starting line-up against Swansea City on 15 January 2012, and set up Arsenal's second goal of the game, in a 3–2 loss.
Three days later, he made his debut for the Legends in a 115–113 loss to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers, recording 17 points, seven rebounds and three blocks in 29 minutes off the bench.
On April 17, 2011, after the ship was declared a total loss, the MSC Chitra was scuttled by Titan Maritime approximately 385 miles off the coast of Mumbai, India.
William Monteith recalled that Alexander "never showed any pride of birth, nor did he gave way to useless regrets for the loss of his fortune and princely dignity, though he had no hesitation in talking of his adventures, or giving any information that was asked for concerning them."
| 2006-06-30 || Loss ||align=left| Andy Souwer || K-1 World MAX 2006 World Championship Final, Semi Finals || Yokohama, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 || 43-5-2
Systems built in this manner can provide both significant energy transfer e. g. providing motive power for electric helicopters acting as aerostats, at the same time they provide low loss transmission line connection to light weight, high altitude antennas.
Durgawi "Canton of Thurgau", Alpagawi "Allgäu"), later gâi, gôi, and after loss of the stem suffix gaw, gao, and with motion to the feminine as gawa besides gowo (from gowio).
With the loss of the Coaling, the Union position along Lewiston Lane became untenable, and Tyler ordered a withdrawal about 10:30 a.m. Jackson ordered a general advance.
The Clan Munro and their septs the Dingwalls rescued the Ross hostage but won a hollow victory, with a great loss of their own men.
After Carthage's loss to Rome in the Punic Wars, Utica was an important Roman colony for seven centuries.
This time, however, the Gators got a measure of revenge for their loss two years earlier, as the Hawkeyes lost to Florida, 31–24.
Form started to improve throughout the Spring, but a double loss to Glasgow and Worthing at the beginning of April ended any hopes of qualifying for the Play-offs with fives games left of the regular season.
He revealed, in an interview with Shyam Bhatia, 30 years after the loss, that he regretted not bowling Brian Luckhurst's occasional left arm spin against the Indians on a sluggish pitch which had blunted Derek Underwood.
The loss of the youthful Pelham, age 24, well respected by Robert E. Lee, Stuart, and many veterans of the Battle of Fredericksburg, was a shock.
The head chief attempted to explain why they had killed the whites, and that the war that followed (the Cayuse War) had resulted in a greater loss of his own people than the number killed at the mission.
Loss of the Queen of the West
The American loss was 8 killed and 48 wounded (of whom 4 later died).
"The Loss of Childhood," The New York Times, May 8, 1983: Excerpt from Children Without Childhood (Pantheon, 1983).
While frequently drawing double-teams, he led all defensive linemen with 68 total tackles and set a new Florida State single season record with 22 tackles for loss.
The derivative of the loss in terms of the inputs is given by the chain rule; note that each term is a total derivative, evaluated at the value of the network (at each node) on the input :
He also kicked a 50-yard field goal in the Rams 20–17 loss in Super Bowl XXXVI.
Language attrition: the loss of proficiency in a language at the individual level.
Riots followed the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., in 1968, destroying many of the stores along Roosevelt Road and accelerating a decline that led to a loss of 75% of the businesses in the community by 1970.
Averted loss of Fox affiliation
Pulseless electrical activity leads to a loss of cardiac output, and the blood supply to the brain is interrupted.
G could be increased, but this is highly undesirable since increasing G will increase the loss.
The clown inside the cylinder briefly bemoans the loss, saying how the major left without them and if he comes back, it won’t be to get them out.
Associated radiological findings include a vacuum phenomenon (in the nucleus pulposis of the adjacent intervertebral disc), reduction of disc height with corresponding loss of the disc space, marginal sclerosis of the adjacent vertebral bodies, osteophyte formation and apophyseal joint instability.
The disease reduces  property values because of the loss of trees and is economically costly to the property owner since they or the local government must pay for  tree removal.
Gomi's first loss was also his last fight in Shooto for six years.
However, the neighboring states also debased their coins to prevent a loss of money.
McLaughlin made her senior Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 0–6 loss to China on 10 January 2009.
In 1876 and 1877 the roof and western wall of the LNC train shed were demolished and replaced with a cantilevered awning over the single platform; the platform was extended to compensate for the loss of the second line.
At the maximum drunk level, the character would simply fall down, followed by the sounds of vomiting and the loss of all motor regardless of user input.
Baltimore's Rafael Palmeiro gets two more hits in a 6-4 loss to the New York Yankees, moving him past Sam Rice into sole possession of 26th place on the all-time list.
Borch did get one match, a 2-1 loss to Fredrikstad, that Ramović could not play due to suspension.
Results of audiometric tests are used to diagnose hearing loss or diseases of the ear, and often make use of an audiogram.
In 1973, a CF6-6 fan assembly disintegrated, resulting in the loss of cabin pressurization of National Airlines Flight 27 over New Mexico, United States.
The aim of the majority of soil erosion models is to predict average rates (often an annual average rate) of soil loss from an area such as a plot, a field or a catchment/watershed under various land management techniques.
Any attributable "marriage value" (a substantial sum designed to compensate freeholders for their loss of interest when a lease with less than 80 years to run is extended).
On May 13, 1966, he scored his 1,000th run in a 5–4 17-inning loss to the Giants; he ended the year batting .266 with 14 home runs and 61 RBI.
That engagement, the first in history where neither side came within surface gun range of the other, effectively stopped the Japanese thrust at the strategic Port Moresby, but resulted in the first loss of an American aircraft carrier in the war— the USS Lexington, sunk on May 8, 1942.
With Red Star's elimination from the UEFA Champions League, he also made his UEFA Cup debut in a first-round loss against Russian side Zenit Saint Petersburg.
Drawn into Group F with Ghana, France and Iran, Bareiro would first appear in the tournament in Paraguay's opening fixture, a 2–1 loss against Ghana on 18 June.
The cost of a data loss event is directly related to the value of the data and the length of time that it is unavailable yet needed.
The ejection of material preferentially along the axis of rotation of the stars, or of the binary orbit, may be due to the rotation of Eta Carinae A itself resulting in stronger mass loss towards the poles.
In the north, Hughes and Milne carried on as usual, but some veteran republicans, says Dillon, believed that they had lost an experienced advisor, and following the loss of Hughes, writes the ex-Provisional and lawyer Kieran Hughes, "south Derry was never the same after the break-up of the unit centred on Francis Hughes and Dominic McGlinchey".
Signs and symptoms include low back pain, pain that radiates down the leg, numbness around the anus, and loss of bowel or bladder control.
Diakité made his debut for the club coming on as a substitute for Marama Vahirua in a 3–0 loss against Marseille.
The prosecution of Arthur Andersen was controversial, as the firm was effectively dissolved, resulting in the loss of 26,000 jobs.
In the SOFAR channel, low frequencies, in particular, are refracted back into the duct so that energy loss is small and the sound travels thousands of miles.
Mensah made his last appearance for Sunderland in a 3–1 loss against Wolverhampton Wanderers on 14 May 2011.
Pendred syndrome is a genetic disorder leading to congenital bilateral (both sides) sensorineural hearing loss and goitre with euthyroid or mild hypothyroidism (decreased thyroid gland function).
Judah's career ended in 2019 when he was hospitalized after suffering a brain bleed in a stoppage loss to Cletus Seldin.
By 270, Aurelian, faced with the sudden loss of many provinces and major damage done by invading tribes, abandoned Dacia altogether.
Russian sources also report about the loss of many military aircraft shot down by the Igla.
This causes an inefficiency known as pumping loss.
| 2008-12-31 || Loss ||align=left| Gegard Mousasi || Dynamite!!
The Pech reduction took place in the territories of Buenaventura in the Olancho Valley in 1739, Siguatepeque in 1767, Río Tinto in 1797 and Franciscans, which accelerated the influence of Spanish culture and the loss of traditional Pech culture.
| Incumbent re-elected after initial results indicated loss to Plowman.
1930 Cable Act Amendments removed the loss of an American woman's citizenship if she lived abroad with an alien spouse, bringing parity to the treatment of men and women, as men did not lose their citizenship if they lived abroad with a foreign wife.
| 2001-12-07 || Loss ||align=left| Charlie Sor Chaitamin || Lumpinee 45th Anniversary, Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Impressively, it was only the second knockout loss in 122 bouts for Kilbain.
It was thought that increasing the gain is always accompanied by a loss in effective number of clones, but it has shown that both can be obtained in the same time by genetic thinning using the linear deployment algorithm if applied to some rather unbalanced seed orchards.
Following the Axis loss in Stalingrad in 1943, the plans cooled off and were never executed.
It was probably during this interlude at Sutanuti that Charnock suffered a personal loss in the death of his wife Maria.
Symon's record does not include his loss to Morimoto in Battle Asparagus, or his victory over John Besh in the finale of The Next Iron Chef as Symon did not hold the title Iron Chef during either battle.
The population loss was slower than other provinces in Gabon.
This was due to: many soldiers' terms of service expiring; a deliberate reduction by Edward for reasons of economy; an outbreak of dysentery in Neuville which caused major loss of life; and widespread desertion.
Knockout loss to Billy Alger in September 1926
The Rzhev salient had value and tied down disproportionate numbers of Soviet troops, but it is unclear if the salient was worth the loss of around 20 high quality divisions for offensive or defensive operations elsewhere in 1942.
One randomized controlled trial of food combining was performed in 2000, and found no evidence that food combining was any more effective than a "balanced" diet in promoting weight loss.
Injury spells meant Jones at times had to do without up to eight regulars in his starting team, including the loss of influential Wallabies fullback Chris Latham even before the season started.
In one study of 38 dachshunds by a German researcher, partial hearing loss was found in 54.6% of double merles and 36.8% of single merles.
The two storms caused damage to fields, highways, and houses, and caused the loss of crops such as cocoa and bananas.
Penney contended that "the discriminative test for a first-class power is whether it has made an atomic bomb and we have either got to pass the test or suffer a serious loss of prestige both inside this country and internationally."
 Assessing the risks for loss of content posed by technology variables such as commonly used proprietary file formats and software applications.
| 1999-03-17 || Loss ||align=left| Chanapek Gatyindee || A.J.K.F.
The loss of Ulyett and Harris in quick succession triggered a sudden collapse as England lost 7/34 to be all out for 267.
But on third down, Brees was sacked for a 7-yard loss by Dwight Freeney, forcing New Orleans to settle for a 46-yard field goal from Garrett Hartley.
Frustrated by the loss of his eagerly-anticipated son, Anney's inability to have more children, and his own inability to manage his temper and maintain steady employment, Glen begins to physically and sexually abuse Bone regularly, beating her in the bathroom.
 Fisher-Wirth, Ann (1993) "Out of the Mother: Loss in My Ántonia" Cather Studies 2: pp.
Having lost in an opening round at the Canada Masters, and having skipped the Cincinnati Masters as the fatigue intensified and the weight loss mounted, Ančić withdrew from the 2008 Summer Olympics, and later the US Open, due to a recurrence of mononucleosis.
Giannakopoulos played in the second half alongside players such as Steven Gerrard, Robbie Fowler, Andrea Pirlo, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Henrik Larsson, Gennaro Gattuso and others against Manchester United in a 4–3 loss.
| 1998-04-05 || Loss ||align=left| Valeriy Vykhor || Newcastle Entertainment Centre || Newcastle, Australia || TKO || 1 (12) || || 6-1
He was an eighth-minute replacement for Luka Modrić after Gomes' sending-off against Internazionale on 20 October, but was powerless to stop the defending Champions League winners from scoring three times in a 4–3 loss at the San Siro.
Using limpet mines, they then sank the anchored Viribus Unitis, with considerable loss of life, as well as the freighter Wien.
List of airliner crashes involving loss of control
Loss of Mcph1 gene function in mice compromises homologous recombinational repair of DNA damages, thus increasing genomic instability.
Ultrasound findings that indicate pyelonephritis are enlargement of the kidney, edema in the renal sinus or parenchyma, bleeding, loss of corticomedullary differentiation, abscess formation, or an areas of poor blood flow on doppler ultrasound.
However, NDP support outside Vancouver tailed off, resulting in a 20-seat loss.
24 with a win loss record of 41–29.
With Windows XP, Microsoft realized that ADS is susceptible to loss when the files containing them are moved off NTFS volumes; thus Windows XP stores them in the main stream whenever the file format supports it.
September 17 – In the Boston Red Sox' 7-0 loss to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, Todd Walker's ninth-inning double is the Red Sox's 608th extra base hit of the season, breaking the major league record set by the 1996 Seattle Mariners.
It is also designed and optimized to run on Google's computing clusters, dense nodes which consist of cheap "commodity" computers, which means precautions must be taken against the high failure rate of individual nodes and the subsequent data loss.
On stages that include rescuing other characters, the death of these characters also results in a loss.
| 2001-05-05 || Loss ||align=left| Alex Gong || K-1 World GP 2001 Preliminary USA || Las Vegas, Nevada, USA || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
Baghdatis started the clay-court season with a first-round loss at the U.S. Clay Court Championships in Houston to Alejandro Gonzalez.
It was the closest that Democrats had come to retaking the seat since Glickman's 1994 loss, and though clearly the Republican won, analysts described the unusually close race as a sign of trouble for Republicans in the fourth district, and in Kansas, and nationally.
One critic opined: "There is a proper introduction, a rousing orchestral finale, and arguably a coherent narrative of love, sex, drugs and loss."
He was concerned that in the event of war insurance rates for vessels against loss by enemy action would immediately become impossibly high, so that merchant ships would simply stop trading with Britain, even if the numbers being lost were relatively small.
Following the loss of her husband, Zetkin moved to Stuttgart with her children.
However, an Australian study has shown that despite its benefits, the loss of endothelial cells that maintain transparency is much higher in DSEK compared to a full-thickness corneal transplant.
Between the loss of the pages during the summer of 1828 and the rapid completion of the Book of Mormon in the spring of 1829, there was a period of quiescence as if Smith were waiting "for help or direction."
Her aft magazine caught fire and exploded, sinking the ship with the loss of 121 of her crew.
It was this inconsistency which ultimately cost the Seals a place in the post-season; after three back to back wins in July, including a nailbiting 3–2 win over Lancaster Rattlers, nerves set in; a 3–0 final day loss to San Jose Frogs when a win was required proved to be the ultimate nail in the coffin.
Thomson's death in 1955 was described as a "great loss to psychology".
The entire reactor core, heat exchangers and primary cooling pumps are immersed in a pool of liquid sodium or lead, making a loss of primary coolant extremely unlikely.
Witnesses disagree on whether he was mounted or on foot, but all accounts point to his extraordinary excitement and loss of self-control.
Accordingly, he shows no sign of narcissistic injury or loss of confidence, no matter how many times he is rebuffed.
|  | Incumbent lost re-election.New member elected.Democratic loss.
Cords are used to animate coloured threads that wrap themselves around the character's heads, and are used metaphorically in the film to represent Landreth's fear of failure and Larkin's loss of creativity.
With the points loss, Truex missed the Chase, which put Ryan Newman back in the wildcard spot.
The reasons for accumulation of energy during sliding can be a reduction of energy loss away from the contact zone, due to a small surface area on the surface boundary thus low heat conductivity.
Compensation mainly consists of a "basic award" equivalent to statutory redundancy pay of, as at 2009, up to £10,500, plus a "compensatory award" for loss of earnings, statutory rights and benefits and for expenses, of up to £66,200, or unlimited where the dismissal was due to health and safety, whistleblowing or union work.
A delay in tooth development may also serve as an indication, whereby the absence of an adult successor slows down the normal resorption of the roots of the baby teeth, which is the progressive loss of parts of the tooth.
|  | Incumbent retired.New member elected.Republican loss.
|  | Incumbent withdrew January 30, 1861.No member elected.Democratic loss.
|  | No member elected.Democratic loss.
|  | Incumbent retired.No member elected.Opposition loss.
|  | Incumbent retired.No member elected.Independent Democratic loss.
The lead ship, , was sunk in an accidental collision with another Royal Navy battleship, HMS Camperdown in the Mediterranean Sea with the loss of half of her crew.
The very last goal scored at the stadium was scored by Gholamreza Rezaei of Iran in a 1–3 loss for the hosts against the Iranian national team in an Asian Cup qualifying match on 6 January 2010.
The brief admiration the Athenians and their allies may have had for Spartan Doric discipline and virtue born of cultural isolation, must be viewed in the context of their early alliance against the Persians, later to be turned to hatred and rebellion in the outcome of the Pelopennesian War and their loss of democracy and autonomy.
His first team finished with a 7–5 record, including a 34–7 loss to Louisville in the 1991 Fiesta Bowl.
Also cited by the government was lack of competitiveness, declining production, TT$12 billion in debt, and the loss of foreign exchange due to the importation of oil to be used together with locally produced oil to keep the refinery in operation.
After the loss, he announced that he would skip the rest of the season to undergo surgery for his appendix.
Dilfer returned to the starting position against the Arizona Cardinals with a 13–24 loss.
On 11 May 2002, Kolev made his first appearance for CSKA in a 0–2 loss against Slavia Sofia.
Bojinov made his debut for Bulgaria at UEFA Euro 2004; on 22 June 2004, he came on as a substitute in the 1–2 loss against Italy.
A rise in interest rates causes aftermarket bond prices to fall, and that implies a capital loss from holding bonds.
There are reports in the medical literature documenting permanent injury to the macula and the subsequently permanent loss of vision after laser light from laser pointer being shone to human's eyes.
The titles of Senator and Consul, after the loss of every residue of political power they had had in the Principate, became mere honorifics in the later Empire.
The Tar Heels concluded the season with a blowout loss to Wisconsin 85–62 in the first round of the NCAA tournament.
However, the Gators' season ended with a national semifinal loss to the 7-seed and eventual national champion UConn Huskies, who had been the last team to beat Florida the previous December.
In chapter three, Tazmily Village, still devastated after Hinawa's loss, is introduced to mysterious devices named Happy Boxes by a mysterious peddler Fassad, who uses a captured and tortured monkey named Salsa to lure potential buyers.
Rude won the match and became the new WWF Intercontinental Champion in what was Warrior's first pinfall loss in the WWF.
Network simulators are typically programs that run on a single computer, take an abstract description of the network traffic such as a flow arrival process, and yield performance statistics such as throughput, delay, loss etc.
On 28 August, he played in Shakhtar's 1–0 extra time loss to Barcelona in the 2009 UEFA Super Cup, picking up a yellow card on 65 minutes.
interest costs incurred in acquiring fixed assets, which may consist either of actual interest paid on borrowed funds, or the loss of interest incurred as a result of investing own funds in the purchase of the fixed asset, instead of a financial asset.
The first two stories, "Indian Camp" and "The Doctor and the Doctor's Wife", can be read as an exercise in counterpoint, where feelings of loss, anger, and evil are ignored and repressed.
Following a 1–0 loss against Empoli on 21 October 2007, Jankulovski suffered a knee injury and was expected to be out somewhere between two and six months.
He replaced Radek Bejbl in the second group match, against France, coming on after 49 minutes in the 2–1 loss.
It is critically endangered; continuing rates of forest loss on the two islands where it occurs suggest that it will continue to decline.
 The Ships List: Loss of Cataraque, 1845
| 1999-08-15 || Loss ||align=left| Alexey Ignashov ||  Queen's Birthday, Rajamangala Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO || 2 || 
After this loss, Divers never seemed to be in the best of spirits, and this fact, combined with his advancing age and isolation, led him to return to England in 1899.
Peacock ran aground and broke up on the Columbia Bar without loss of life in 1841.
The episode was stripped of all music and disorienting effects were included to convey the sense of displacement and loss associated with the death of a close family member.
On March 2, 2018, in a 103–96 loss to the Indiana Pacers, Terry made his first start since January 22, 2016, with Houston.
 Convoy PQ 17 is scattered in the Barents Sea leading to the loss of 22 Allied merchant ships.
Despite its defeat, Austria was reluctant to recognise Prussia as a rival power and refused to accept the loss of Silesia.
"Labor is the hiring factor, therefore the voting and property rights are assigned to the people who do the work and not to capital, even though the worker-members supply capital through membership fees and retained earnings...Any profit or loss after normal operating expenses is assigned to members on the basis of their labor contribution."
After performing careful control experiments, Wernerova and Hudlický said that each physical manipulation (including extraction/washing, drying over desiccant, filtration, and column chromatography) results in a loss of yield of about 2%.
It was a huge blow to the Ottoman Empire, which had suffered the loss of yet another Muslim Holy Place (having already lost Mecca and Baghdad).
If the pursuer has suffered loss as the result of the defender's conduct, yet the defender did not intend to harm the pursuer, nor behave so recklessly that intent might be constructively inferred, the pursuer must demonstrate that the defender's conduct was negligent in order to win their case.
Kansas Senate: Republicans won 27 seats, a net loss of 5 seats since the 1968 election.
It developed around the old bridge which was built there by two mourning parents as a permanent memorial to their dear child who drowned in the river at that crossing point in the hope that none should suffer similar loss.
The Ravens offense was known for mixing up its game plan, and although Flacco is not known for his speed, the deception employed by Baltimore allowed for Flacco to mix up plays successfully despite an AFC championship game loss.
One form of profit and loss sharing is mudarabah finance, where the bank would act as the capital partner in a back-to-back mudarabah contract with the depositor on one side and the entrepreneur on the other side.
Their loss has been off-set by the planting of many new trees throughout the campus.
The Whippets broke through into the German rear areas causing the loss of the artillery in an entire front sector, a devastating blow from which the Germans were unable to recover.
He had his last gasp of playoff play with the 1983 matchup against Pittsburgh, where he caught six passes for 76 yards in the 38-10 win (Branch did not make any catches in his true last playoff game, a 13-7 loss to Seattle on December 22).
Struggling with the loss of her grandmother, who was her last surviving relative.
When Sun Xiu heard that some former Shu commanderies were at a loss on what to do after Liu Shan's surrender, he sent his troops in an attempt to conquer them for Wu.
Herberger succeeded him as national coach after Germany's uninspired loss to Norway in quarter finals at the 1936 Olympics.
The last game he missed was the team's only loss, to Rice, by one point.
Declines in population size can result in a loss of genetic diversity, and owing to genetic variation's role in the evolutionary potential of a species, this could in turn result in an observable Allee effect.
In 1744 he was asked to defend Britain from an imminent French Invasion: he was preparing for battle against the French fleet, when storms intervened scattering the invasion transports, with heavy loss of life, thereby ending the immediate threat of invasion.
The game was an 8–3 home loss to the Sioux Falls Canaries.
On 5 April 2008 he returned to the first team from injury, coming on as a 72nd-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Sochaux.
He was named the United States' player of the game in their 6–0 quarter-final loss against Sweden.
The closure of the Imperial Tobacco factory at nearby Hartcliffe in 1990 meant the loss of 5,000 jobs and an estimated further 20,000 jobs in service and supporting industries throughout South Bristol.
In the late 1890s and shortly before his death, Thomas Henry Ismay, chairman of the White Star Line, initiated a policy shift away from the race for speed to focus on slower but larger ships, compensating for the loss of speed through great savings, increased comfort, and better passenger capacity.
October 4 – Tim Raines plays left field and his son Tim Jr. plays center in the Baltimore Orioles' 5–4 loss to the Boston Red Sox.
In such schemes, it is the provider who bears the risk of loss, rather than the aid donor, and output-based schemes allow for the tracking of results because of the way they function.
After the loss of Chioggia, Venice asked the Genoese to negotiate, but they replied that they would only do so after they had “bridled the horses of San Marco”.
In the seventeenth century there were the first significant native artists for whom names are extant, with figures like George Jamesone and John Michael Wright, but the loss of the court as a result of the Union of Crowns in 1603 removed another major source of patronage.
This unbalanced cytokine profile at this part of pregnancy has been documented to result in implantation failure, pregnancy loss, and other complications.
For the Eagles, it was their third straight NFC Championship Game loss.
Meanwhile, the Giants shut out the Vikings by limiting them to only 114 offensive yards, sacking quarterback Daunte Culpepper four times, and forcing five turnovers, and handing the Vikings their first shutout and worst loss in their postseason history.
One of the conditions for the Vikings after their loss was to convert.
Some reports claim that Native Americans wash their hair with yucca to fight dandruff and hair loss.
| 2009-12-31 || Loss ||align=left| Masato || Dynamite!!
 Profit and loss sharing
However, Williams suffered the loss in Game 4, the highest-scoring game in World Series history, as the Blue Jays scored six times in the eighth inning to earn a 15–14 victory and take a 3–1 series lead.
It was to no avail and Burrows captured Farley's distress at the loss of his comrade.
Although the PVA were able to recapture much of North Korea during the Second Phase Campaign, 40 percent of the PVA was rendered combat ineffective—a loss which they could not recover from until the start of Chinese Spring Offensive.
Desert tortoises are sensitive to the soil type, owing to their reliance on burrows for shelter, reduction of water loss, and regulation of body temperature.
Military historian Shelby Foote believed this loss "...shook whatever confidence the citizens had managed to retain in Huger, who was charged with their defense."
I have a family too, I know what it is like to suffer the loss of someone close to me, and I would never wish that upon anyone.
This phase of the war was by far the most costly in terms of civilian loss of life.
It is not considered an official series win or loss by either team.
Specifically, compression of blood vessels which are physically located near in or around the CTZ, and that result in physical compression of the area postrema as a whole, have been found to be the cause of chronic medically intractable emesis and weight loss.
Industry experts felt its loss would leave female comic fans without a magazine of their own but praised Viz for its choice to continue using the Shojo Beat imprint and branding for its  manga and anime releases.
The Saints' first home game was a 27-13 loss to the Los Angeles Rams on September 17, 1967, although New Orleans provided fans with a memorable highlight when John Gilliam returned the opening kickoff 94 yards for a touchdown.
The incident destroys a significant area of the planet's surface, while the loss of Runcible heat output plunges the rest of the planet into unsurvivable temperature ranges.
Opahs prevent heat loss through their gills using a special structure in the gill blood vessels called the rete mirabile.
A long media path is undesirable, as it increases the delay of voice packets and the probability of packet loss.
On 13 April 2007, Hopoate suffered his second straight loss, inflicted by former national kickboxing champion, Ben Edwards, who was making his professional boxing debut.
He had a career-high 31 points and a team-high 3 steals in an 81–69 loss to Ohio State on January 8, 2005.
Though his poetry flourished during his time among the Ottomans, the loss of his stipend meant that, materially speaking, Fuzûlî never became secure.
Thompson Medical also sold the controversial weight loss dietary supplement Dexatrim.
At a Loss, 1977 (prose poems)
Action for Blind People operates a  Mobile Sight Loss Information service that travels around the UK.
Their loss brought the death toll to 31 men.
Their first tag team match together came in the form of a loss to the Hardy Boyz.
The death knell of Dida's campaign came in Milan's 2–1 derby loss to Inter on 23 December, when he inexplicably dived in the opposite direction of Esteban Cambiasso's game-winning goal, for which he was lambasted by fans and the press.
Only the fallout from "The Fumble" in 1978, in which a certain Giant win turned into a loss to the Philadelphia Eagles on a last-second fumble, convinced the Maras of the need to modernize--among other things, by hiring Young and giving him full control over football operations.
This was most likely due to loss of inhibition.
Without loss of generality, we can take that plane to be the yz plane, so that
Coping with the loss of her husband, she is happy when Eliza returns home but distressed to see her in such a disdainful state.
These fibers are able to stretch many times their length, and snap back to their original length when relaxed without loss of energy.
The loss of the Bud Light Jet was caused by an incorrectly specified fuel flow sending unit which burst in mid-flight and caused fuel to be sprayed directly into the engine compartment.
These payments are treated like estimated tax payments, and the foreign person must still file a U.S. tax return reporting any gain or loss.
Loss of energy to oscillation of railway rolling stock.
Some complications associated with sickle cell anemia include pain, damaged organs, strokes, high blood pressure, and loss of vision.
The aberrant epigenetic landscape of the cancer cell is characterized by a global genomic hypomethylation, CpG island promoter hypermethylation of tumor suppressor genes, an altered histone code for critical genes and a global loss of monoacetylated and trimethylated histone H4.
Further experiments with magnets attached to the backs of homing pigeons demonstrated that disruption of the bird's ability to sense the Earth's magnetic field leads to a loss of proper orientation behavior under overcast conditions.
Analysts had expected a loss of 18 cents a share and revenue of $2.82 billion.
The Ministry of Defence tried to requisition the inventor's patent, but he defied the secrecy order and went public, and a public row arose about possible loss of employment making Lokata Watchmans in Falmouth, Cornwall where he lived.
If the  term is substantially larger, then the smaller term may be ignored without significant loss of accuracy.
The 1988 changes angered some riders because they resulted in the loss of direct Queens Boulevard Express service at local stations east of 71st Avenue—namely the 169th Street, Sutphin Boulevard, Van Wyck Boulevard and 75th Avenue stations.
On 3 February 2013, Hutton made his debut, playing at right-back, in a 3–0 loss against Real Sociedad.
(Easterbrook will occasionally and facetiously compare the two scores, add the margin of loss to the margin of victory, and extrapolate a transitive relation, suggesting that the team whom the runners lost to would have beaten the team the runners had won against by an even larger margin.)
Australia had improved, managing a 2–1 loss.
Nonetheless, the soldiers of the XII Corps were very upset at the loss of their original corps identity.
The loss of slab pull caused by the detachment of this lithosphere ended the RTF junction giving the present day ridge – fault system.
Politics, as was the case with Canadiana, played a central role in the loss of the ship.
Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome causes severe sensorineural hearing loss from birth, affecting both ears.
It begins with The Pigman's loss of his collection of pigs   and his wife's dress.
This is called hysteresis loss.
This marks the fifth straight loss to the Hokies.
After an $8.6 million net loss in August 2020, the company noted that it instead had made a net income in August 2021 of  $185.7 million.
Despite the loss, LSU would go on to the SEC championship game.
HALCA was launched in February 1997 from Kagoshima Space Center, and made its final VSOP observations in October 2003, far exceeding its 3-year predicted lifespan, before the loss of attitude control.
There was, however, a general loss of  as one moved west across Timbisha territory with  virtually gone in Owens Valley varieties.
If an operator charges too much, it risks alienating its customers, resulting in a loss of traffic and therefore revenue; if they charge too little, they will have insufficient capital to maintain the network's quality of service.
She played in one league game for the club, a six-minute cameo in a 4–1 loss against New Jersey Imperials on 18 April 1997.
Intensive use of thermoelectric power plants operating on fossil fuels has compensated for much of the loss, since the share of new sources of renewable energy, such as solar and wind, in the energy mix remains small.
The Cowboys finished the season with an uninspiring loss the next week to the St. Louis Rams at Texas Stadium.
Ryan's parents, Harry and Karen, sisters Becky and Julie, and Julie's live-in boyfriend Allen grieve the loss of their loved one.
To this day, CBS admits that it has never fully recovered from the loss of key affiliates through the New World-Fox deal.
 Cell/packet loss and queue overflow
Any number of events could lead to a massive loss of human life, but if the last few (see minimum viable population) most resilient humans are unlikely to also die off, then that particular human extinction scenario may not seem credible.
The possible loss of the stone prompted organisations, including Friends of Real Lancashire, to raise money for its restoration.
This meant the Irishman had potentially scored the goal to promote Hull (although Watford's subsequent loss to Leeds United meant they achieved this regardless).
The decreased primary production in this study was attributed to the loss of benthic primary producers who were dislodged due to bioturbation, while increased respiration was thought to be due to increased respiration of organic carbon, also attributed to sediment mobilization from salmon redd construction.
After the loss of his federal seat, Carr returned to journalism and bought a Hawkesbury based newspaper.
Pemex officials decided to remove the bit, run the drill pipe back into the hole and pump materials down this open-ended drill pipe to seal off the fractures that were causing the loss of circulation.
9,000 families lost their entire herds while a further 33,000 suffered 50% loss.
The immediate reaction of the shooting press and public was overwhelmingly negative: the popular verdict was that Winchester had sacrificed quality to the "cheapness experts," and Winchester was no longer considered to be a prestige brand, causing a marked loss of market share.
It is normal to feel some loss in self when becoming an empty nester.
Martin then competed in the Masters Grand Slam of Curling, where he lost in the semifinals after a close loss to Koe in an extra end.
Three days later, he scored in a 2–1 loss to Jordan.
Injury to the recurrent laryngeal nerves can result in a weakened voice (hoarseness) or loss of voice (aphonia) and cause problems in the respiratory tract.
Starscape features a plotless skirmish mode and a difficulty level where save games are automatically updated to reflect the loss of ships.
Preoperative administration of Lugol's solution decreases intraoperative blood loss during thyroidectomy in patients with Graves' disease.
Emil Mătăsăreanu was shot several times in the legs and died from the resulting blood loss
The devastating loss crippled Early's cavalry in the Shenandoah Valley.
Six new Bureau Express oil-fired boilers replaced the 14 older design coal-fired boilers at that time with no loss of power.
With multiple extensions, this policy not only keeps your property secure but also lessens the extent of the loss or damage that you may suffer causing a huge financial burden, and thus, it provides you relief from such anxiety.
He was then tried for "the loss of his army" by two tribunes of the plebs, Gaius Norbanus and Lucius Appuleius Saturninus.
Without loss of generality, choose a coordinate system so that the axis of revolution is the z axis.
Acting as such prevents embarrassment and or loss of a business deal, while at the same time allows one to stay in the framework of halacha (Jewish Law).
He responded to his US Open loss by reaching the final of the China Open in Beijing, defeating three top 20 players; Rainer Schüttler, Dominik Hrbatý and Paradorn Srichaphan.
There are also rules governing fouls and imposition of penalties, such as when a competitor's elbow leaves a mat where the elbow is meant to remain at all times, when a false start occurs, and attempting to escape arm pinning by breaking the grip ("slipping") with the opponent which may result in a loss.
For over a week, Allied attacks devastated a vast area of Hamburg, resulting in more than 40,000 civilian deaths, with the loss of only 12 out of the 791 bombers on the first night.
B': Loss of paradise (Book 9)
As it ages, the asphalts melt point rises and there is a loss of plasticizers.
Maine started on 2 May against the Washington Nationals and took the loss after giving up four runs on six hits and two walks in 5.1 innings.
The unsteadiness with eyes closed (sensory ataxia), relates to loss of sense of position in the legs and feet that are normally compensated for by the patient who uses vision to provide that information.
He took his season's goal tally to six, his fifth in the league, by scoring in a 2–1 Premier League loss to Arsenal at Anfield.
August 6 A fierce dogfight over the town of Torrelavega results in the loss of a dozen republican fighters, worsening the aerial support of republicans in the North.
Patients with unilateral hearing loss have difficulty:
School-age children with unilateral hearing loss tend to have poorer grades and require educational assistance.
The system reduces the processing and settlement costs and risks of loss, theft, and counterfeiting associated with the direct holding system.
The building was declared a total loss.
After severe dehydration is corrected and appetite returns, feeding the person speeds the recovery of normal intestinal function, minimizes weight loss and supports continued growth in children.
Agriculture throughout the state experienced significant impact as well, including over $2 million in damage and the loss of at least 800,000 boxes of citrus crops alone.
The listening habits of most users are unlikely to cause hearing loss, but some people are putting their hearing at risk, because they set the volume control very high or listen to music at high levels for many hours per day.
The profit and loss from a variance swap depends directly on the difference between realized and implied volatility.
Symptoms of these disorders range from mild loss of fine motor control to severe mental retardation and death.
The presence of livestock presents numerous detrimental changes to the water vole's habitat: altered abiotic characteristics, compacted soil, increased runoff, fractured stream banks, erosion, as well as loss of vegetation as protective cover and a food source.
The story doesn't have any of the he-she psychosexual politicking that juices the director's Gun Crazy, but that's no loss given this film's richer returns.
Nathan gained 169 total yards and scored two touchdowns in the Dolphins' narrow loss, including a score on the famous "hook and lateral" play in which he caught a toss from receiver Duriel Harris.
A sequence of accidental collisions between Royal Navy warships occurred over little more than an hour which saw two submarines sunk with heavy loss of life, another four damaged along with a light cruiser.
Easy Game Overs: In contrast to the norm for RPGs of the era, which dictated that the death of one character in the player's party was usually a recoverable loss, in Arcana, the death of any character save an Elemental results in Game over.
His struggles continued into the opening-day game against the Texas Rangers, when Lee allowed seven runs in five innings of a 9–1 loss.
Westbrook finished his Cardinal career with a 36-32 win / loss record and a 4.27 ERA over three seasons.
Henry is not faulted for the loss of his ship, but instead of receiving another naval command at once, is sent back to the Soviet Union to observe the effects of Lend-Lease; he observes the Siege of Leningrad and the privation of the Soviet home front.
He scored his second of the season coming on as a substitute against an in-form Borussia Dortmund side in a 3–1 loss.
 "Turning Point": A first contact story that gives a haunting portrait of the price of giftedness and the loss of innocence
The Battle of Rennell Island, which resulted in the loss of one American cruiser and damage to a destroyer succeeded in diverting Japanese intentions from the transports off Lunga Point and allowed vital American reinforcements to enter the final phase of the battle to drive the Japanese from Guadalcanal.
In a match against Watford on 22 November 2008, Hall received a straight red card in the 81st minute for a foul on Will Hoskins, in a 3–0 loss.
On Saturday, April 28, 2007, in a 67-45 road loss to the New York Dragons, Bonner joined Clint Dolezel and Andy Kelly as the only quarterbacks to throw 800 career touchdown passes.
Once they pass an age that seems to correlate closely with the critical period, around the age of 12, total loss of a native language is not typical, although it is still possible for speakers to experience diminished expressive capacity if the language is never practiced.
The history of the Miami-Illinois language prior to revitalization can be divided into three periods: the Illinois Confederation and early contact, population decline and relocation to Oklahoma in the 19th century, and language loss leading to extinction in the 20th century.
She was promptly shelled, causing a large explosion aboard, and then torpedoed and sunk, with the loss of her captain and 11 men.
In his first start, he pitched four innings, gave up one run, and earned a no–decision in a 4–3 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.
On April 11, 2013, he allowed a three-run home run to Lee Seung-Yeop in a 4–0 loss to the Samsung Lions.
By the late 2000s, state aid to media in Italy was dropping and il manifesto began to operate at a loss.
In 2005, Dupri was appointed Executive Vice President of Urban Music at Virgin, causing So So Def to move again, this time over to Virgin and EMI—resulting in the loss of Bone Crusher and YoungBloodZ.
The purchase of Thawte ensured there would be no business loss over Y2K.
The loss of Macomber’s manhood in the encounter with the lion mirrors the blow he takes when Margot blatantly cheats on him.
In 1848, a coble taking a pilot to a ship further out at sea capsized with the loss of all on board.
Ellis started Game 3 but received the loss, allowing four earned runs in  innings.
The song describes the mother's pain at her loss and her daughter's denial to leave the world of the living.
Observations of 16 years of timing data have been reported in 2021 to be on agreement with general relativity by studying the loss of orbital energy due to gravitational waves.
However, deer hunting has long since died out as a tradition with the loss of the deer habitat.
"There is likewise a famous town, where the worst iron in the kingdom is made, and it is called Swandlingbar: the original of which name I shall explain, lest the antiquaries of future ages might be at a loss to derive it.
| 12635 Hennylamers || 4220 T-1 || Henny Lamers (born 1941), a Dutch astrophysicist, studied the evolution and mass loss of the most massive stars.
Most surgeons will not intervene until after the age of six months due to the heightened risk which blood loss poses before this age.
Vanadium dioxide has been investigated for use as a "spectrally-selective" window coating to block infrared transmission and reduce the loss of building interior heat through windows.
However, he did not play in the Wild Card playoff 31-23 loss against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers due to lingering issues with his bone bruise.
The Lendu FNI and Union of Congolese Patriots militias murdered nine Bangladeshi peacekeepers near the town of Kafe on 25 February 2005, the largest single UN loss since the Rwandan genocide.
A partner's distributive share of the partnership's income or loss, and its deductions and credits, is determined by the partnership agreement.
This results in a $120,000 loss to the partnership, which is split equally between A and B.
Campese did not play in Australia's second match on tour, a famous 19–22 loss to Munster.
It is thought the prairie falcon mostly avoided the population loss suffered by the peregrine from DDT induced egg shell thinning due to its more remote environment partly insulating it from pesticide contamination.
Champion and Schofield begin to trust one another and bond over the loss of their loved ones.
In 2009, behavioral scientists conducted a report on loss aversion (Gächter et al., 2009).
First, Washington defender Markus Koch tackled Heath Sherman for a 1-yard loss.
Symptoms may arise in women who are experiencing grief after loss in their reproductive abilities, rejecting the idea of motherhood and pregnancy, or facing challenges in gender identity.
Consonant cluster simplifications occur such as the loss of dental stops after nasals (bent) and fricatives, (left, test).
SS Noronic was a passenger ship that was destroyed by fire in Toronto Harbour in September 1949 with the loss of at least 118 lives.
 0 points for a loss
TrimSpa was a dietary supplement designed for weight loss, marketed by the company Goen Technologies and headed by Alexander Szynalski.
After the loss of Gascony, one of the key possessions of the Duchy, the contents of the castle were stripped out and removed to other residences.
But on the first play after that, Browns defensive end Al Baker sacked Trudeau for a 9-yard loss, knocking him out of the game.
He got his first major league decision on May 11, when, after pitching  scoreless innings, he gave up a walk-off home run in the tenth inning to Luis Gonzalez in a 4–3 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks.
His only other postseason appearance came when he pitched  scoreless innings in a 4–2 loss in Game 3.
This second factor contributed to the loss of landowner influence in the politics of the county, a trend that became very apparent at the first elections to the Cardiganshire County Council.
The Lokayukta had also asked for the amount caused as loss to be recovered from Dharam Singh.
In their regular season meeting, Dallas had handed Washington their only loss of the year, 24–10, holding running back John Riggins to just 26 rushing yards while sacking quarterback Joe Theismann seven times and intercepting three of his passes.
Despite this dramatic loss, X Plastaz did not disband, and are still active today.
Stephen La Rivière ascribes the film's failure to a loss of public interest in Thunderbirds: by the time the film was released, the TV series had been cancelled and the final episode ("Give or Take a Million") had been broadcast over a year earlier.
The symptoms are broad, but consistently involve gait and limb ataxia, dysarthria and loss of lower limb reflexes.
Presbycusis is the most common cause of hearing loss, afflicting one out of three persons by age 65, and one out of two by age 75.
Hearing loss is classified as mild, moderate, severe or profound.
There was also significant outer hair cell loss in the cochlea within five hours of noise exposure.
Cytotoxic cells expressing granzyme B have been identified close to hair follicles linking a possible role in hair loss.
He became involved in athletics at the age of 11 when he joined his father's weight loss campaign by taking training runs around the Geelong suburb of Whittington.
Current turbofan engines have fans that operate at Mach 1.7 or more, and require significant containment and noise suppression structures to reduce blade loss damage and noise.
Athletics director Andy Geiger said the loss devastated the program.
Whenever a picket is made in the "contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute" it is lawful, so mushroom workers leafleting customers outside a supermarket to boycott their employers' mushrooms acted lawfully even though it caused the employers economic loss.
Although Mordru's story line suffers some loss of continuity, there is an essential plot: 
Loss cited Sanneh's article as "a sort of ur-text on poptimism", elaborating:
The IOC takes out around $800 million of insurance for each Summer Olympics, with the total amount of loss insured for the 2020 Games likely to be more than $2 billion.
The 1977 loss of Southern Airways Flight 242, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-9-31, while penetrating a thunderstorm cell over Georgia was attributed to compressor stalls brought on by ingestion of large quantities of water and hail.
On 14 July 2019, Gold Coast head coach Garth Brennan was terminated by the club following a 24–2 loss against Penrith which left them rooted to the bottom of the table.
BC Hydro had to relocate and compensate for peoples loss of land, and homes.
Severe symptoms, such as loss of oxygen in tissue, followed by circulatory failure and flaccid paralysis would occur in about 30 seconds.
Humphreys stated that the total Confederate loss in killed, wounded and captured was "not less than 8,000."
The ECA stack is a drug combination used in weight loss and as a stimulant.
without more serious loss than a few wagons.
Forrest and his men caused considerable damage during this expedition and Brentwood, Tennessee, on the railroad, was a significant loss to the Federals.
Figure 3 shows the reference algorithm for SCR and PCR control for both Cell Loss Priority (CLP) values 1 (low) and 0 (high) cell flows, i.e.
A green cell indicates a win, and a red cell indicates a loss.
Another advantage - the simplicity of transferring certificates of shares to the bearer is now also becoming more likely to become a drawback, namely, the insecurity of the owner from theft or loss.
Shortly after the loss, the 33-year-old Thil retired from boxing vacating his titles.
When this becomes public knowledge, Den is officially pronounced dead and Chrissie feigns grief whilst also comforting Sharon over her loss.
After the loss, Jannetty was fired by the WWF for supposedly being drunk or hungover during the match however, Mr.
Its loss at Cold Harbor including eleven days in the trenches, was 494 killed, 2,442 wounded, and 574 missing; total, 3,510.
Loss of habitat by clearing and degradation through the actions of altered land management practices, pastoralism, sheep and wheat farming, and degradation by extensive use of fire are assumed to be most significant factors in their extinction.
The film was unsuccessful at the box office and recorded a loss of $675,000.
The island's capture was carried out with no loss of life or major damage.
In February 2008 the airline added a leased Boeing 747-300 to the fleet starting wide-body operations, this proved to be a White Elephant in an era which saw Global economic problems and an unprecedented peak in oil prices, thus causing a substantial loss to the carrier, the 747 was eventually phased out after just five months of service.
At the F1 support race at Monaco a car failure caused him a loss of valuable points in the championship.
When talking about Superman's recent emotional upheaval during his walk, Batman speculates that part of the problem is that Clark never really experienced personal loss prior to Jonathan's death (Krypton's destruction having occurred when he was too young to have any emotional investment in it), although he is confident that his friend will come through recent events.
The loss is low in this circuit because there are no diode-wired MOSFETs and their associated threshold voltage problems.
He made 31 league appearances for Bayern without scoring and eight Champions league appearances, scoring once against A.C. Milan in a 4–1 loss.
While a professor at Harvard, Schor was interested in another determinant of “the cost of job loss,” which was the number of hours worked by the employee.
Although devastated by the loss of Thunderbird, Nocturne remains a competent member of the Exiles and eventually regains much of her sunny demeanor.
Populism's main cause for formation was the alleged loss of "free land."
At a loss for what to play, he sought advice from his friend Abonyi, who showed him the Budapest Gambit and the main ideas the Hungarian players had found.
A fan support campaign for 3LW named 'Never Let Go of 3LW' after their song "Never Let Go" spread to the radio, and the act was retained, despite the album loss.
Deadweight loss is the reduction in social efficiency (producer and consumer surplus) from preventing trades for which benefits exceed costs.
In 2016, St. Anne's Church did not renew its contract after new regulations restricted its operations to fair open hours only, which would have forced it to operate at a loss.
Consequently, the Contract Clause, by ensuring the inviolability of sales and financing contracts, encouraged an inflow of foreign capital by reducing the risk of loss to foreign merchants trading with and investing in the former colonies.
He suffered an upset loss to Mark Perry from the University of Iowa and finished 2nd in the nation.
 2018 Digital writing, 1st place: "The Biggest Loss in Paradise: Its Elders" by Nuala Sawyer
On the other hand, clipping, that is the loss of milliseconds of active speech, should be minimized to preserve quality.
That night, he made his debut for the Blue in a 122–117 loss to the Rio Grande Valley Vipers, recording 13 points, one rebound and two assists in 16 minutes off the bench.
Brouillard claimed fatigue in making the 160 pound weight limit was the cause of his loss, but Dundee opened up well by the last round, and stung Brouillard with both lefts and rights that clinched his scoring margin, and likely had an effect.
Donor products (marketed to the blood donation industry, these include products that automate the blood donation process, automate the processing of blood, support pathogen inactivation and bacterial detection of blood, and test blood hematocrit); and products that are marketed to the surgical suite for blood loss management for patients.
It began forming in the southern sector of the Eastern Front in late 1942, but was never completed due to the loss of its assets during the Soviet counteroffensives in the Battle of Stalingrad, and no further attempts were made to reconstitute the division.
In the Victorian Lake Wellington, Lake Victoria and Lake Tyers region numbers have declined in the past fifty years attributed to commercial eel-fishing, predation, loss of habitat due to commercial development and poisoning from baiting programs placing this species at risk.
Loss of NBA World Featherweight Championship rematch with Bartolo
Some critics found the film too constrained by Hollywood plot formulas of love and loss, ignoring the last twenty years of Cash's life and other more socio-politically controversial reasons he was considered "the man in black".
In the 2010 Divisional Playoff loss against Pittsburgh, Houshmandzadeh dropped a critical pass which would've converted a fourth down and potentially changed the outcome of the game.
Helderberg students have never been at a loss for ways to serve.
The conflict led to a population loss of 21 million people due to a combination of massacres, migration, famine and corpse-transmitted plague.
Loss due to the demonstraion of controversial behavior against to the rap battle community, and Shady records, as well as the straight walk out of the battle, this began the crumbling 2 year end to Budden's rapping career and marked the beginning to his transition from rapper to blogger.
Coffee crops in eastern Puerto Rico suffered a 75 percent loss.
At a time when she was planning to expand her operation, a train wreck caused the disastrous loss of many orders.
The net effect is the same as pumped storage, but without the pumping loss.
Historian David Eisenbach said that although the scream contributed to Dean's loss, it would not have done so without the media's previous crazy-person portrayal of Dean.
This was the department's greatest loss of life before the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Overkill's first title after the acquisition, Payday 2, helped Starbreeze make a record profit after suffering an accumulated loss of $14.4 million since its inception.
According to Fox records, the film needed to earn $26,900,000 in rentals to break even and made $25,325,000 worldwide, making a loss of $1.5 million.
However they went out in their first fixture, a 2–3 aggregate loss against Hapoel Tel Aviv.
According to the FDA's statement on the subject, "These unapproved products have put consumers' health in jeopardy, from reports of permanent vision loss with unapproved balanced salt solutions to a serious drop in blood pressure and increased heart rate from the topical papain products," said Janet Woodcock, director for the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research.
At the same time as this major loss in traffic occurred on the Sydney Subdivision, Via Rail Canada was experimenting with operating a once-weekly return trip seasonal tourist train from Halifax to Sydney called the Bras d'Or.
Worryingly for those concerned by nature loss, both the farmsteads of Southdown's and Ingleside Stables are targeted for housing development within Brighton and Hove City Council's draft City Plan (Part 2).
On 11 February 2015, Villa announced they had parted company with Lambert after a 2–0 loss at Hull, leaving the club 18th in the Premier League table.
He criticised Lučić and Šanjek's delineation of Tomislav's eastern border as "nationalist map-making" and "distorting the perceptions of children on their nation's history in a way that promotes interpreting later events as territorial loss and fragmentation."
Dumbledore explains that the stone has been destroyed but that its loss will not stop Voldemort from returning.
In November 2003, Eating for Life: Your Guide to Great Health, Fat Loss and Increased Energy!
With the loss, they became the first team to be mathematically eliminated in the 2010 World Cup.
Extended loss of power can lead to civil disorder, as in the New York City blackout of 1977.
Stephen ministry - interdenominational companions for people in grief, illness, loss, family breakdown, etc.
The severe loss of life at the battle left the Almohad state weakened and some of its regions somewhat depopulated.
Since then, the boss became cheerful due to the loss of Binky, who was a critical part of his psyche.
In addition police officers would not be allowed to draw their guns unless threatened by loss of life or serious bodily harm.
On 25 March 2013, that building was seriously damaged by fire, severely affecting the museum galleries but leading to only a very small loss from the collections.
For example, the supervisor of an electric utility repairman might report that in a very time-pressing project, the repairman failed to check a blueprint and as a result cut a line, causing a massive power loss.
Wałęsa's compromise prevented a confrontation with the regime or its foreign allies, but at the price of the protest movement's loss of some of its dynamics.
It wasn't until on 12 January 2013 when he returned to the starting line–up, in a 2–0 loss against Bordeaux.
This process is due to the effects of water activity, which results in the transfer of unwanted water from a high-moisture environment into a low-moisture candy, rendering it rubbery, or the loss of desirable water from a high-moisture candy into a dry environment, rendering the candy dry and brittle.
And with this loss of legitimacy, Gacaca courts began to dwindle down in numbers.
If some temples were not destroyed in these areas, it did result in a loss to Hindu temple building patronage and an uprooting of Hindu sacred geography.
One day later, he made his debut in a 109–104 loss to the Sioux Falls Skyforce, recording 21 points, 6 rebounds, 6 assists and three steals in 32 minutes of action.
The game is cooperative in that a shared victory or loss is possible in the absence of a traitor, and a traitor does not benefit by revealing himself too early.
The import of such irony has also been the subject of much contention: are his wife's actions a sign of a bad education or just the inevitable result of the loss of the controlling influence in her life?
The move coincided with WKBW-TV's decision to outsource its master control operations to a company in Atlanta, Georgia; although it resulted in the loss of several Buffalo jobs, the master control outsourcing was far less expensive than attempting to upgrade the existing master control room from standard definition to HD.
Databases for vehicles and driver licences are copied from the DVLA databases in the early morning (there is no service loss when an update is in progress).
This biome has been subject to mining, logging, hunting, pollution, deforestation and habitat loss.
Australia were knocked out of the competition by Iraq following a 1–0 loss.
In addition to, zinc when supplemented in combination with linoleic acids has been found to improve the coat of canines by reducing water loss in the trans-epidermal layer of the skin.
Vanbiesbrouck made 55 saves in the loss and finished third in voting for the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP.
The Ottoman invasion came in May 1456 when Moses Golemi, Skanderbeg's former captain who had deserted after loss of Berat, met Skanderbeg's men at the Battle of Oranik.
Blaming Orndorff for the loss, Piper and Orton attacked him on Saturday Night's Main Event I.
He theorized that a loss of personal responsibility in crowds leads to an inclination to behave primitively and hedonistically by the entire group.
Holland attributed the loss to the failure of all trade unionists to support Labour, although had Labour won in 1928 it may well have been denied its long tenure of office which followed after 1935.
In most states, Tompkins could sue for negligence of the railroad and recover monetary damages for his loss.
Factors contributing to disturbed stream flow include vegetation removal, subsequent aquifer formation, compaction of fill surface and overall loss of headwater streams.
His short-lived experience as Foggia boss ended 2 September 2019, as he resigned after the first league game, a 0–1 away loss to Fasano.
During his junior year, Pettit helped the Tigers sail through a 23-game regular-season schedule with only one loss (to Tulsa).
In a statement, Managing Director Simon Wild blamed the worsening Australian dollar currency exchange rate, coupled with a tough operating environment – worsened by the loss of three Queensland regulated regional air routes in late 2014.
Alloimmune (isoimmune) response results in graft rejection, which is manifested as deterioration or complete loss of graft function.
In most other senses, band rejection is the unintentional loss of signal caused by imperfections in the recording, storage or reproduction of a waveform.
This and a disqualification loss to Nick Bockwinkel were Atlas' only defeats in singles competition.
Following the match, Hart complained that the loss was a fluke and volunteered to take on Paul Roma.
Following the loss, Heenan slapped Taylor.
Put together, these stray accounts and traditions bolster the impression of the MacNicols as a significant political and territorial force in the Medieval north-west, who experienced a traumatic loss of status in the fourteenth century that disrupted the balance of power across the region.
The literary character of the Politics is subject to some dispute, growing out of the textual difficulties that attended the loss of Aristotle's works.
After losing Weekes to injury in the second game of the season against the Montreal Canadiens, Lundqvist made his long-anticipated NHL debut on 8 October 2005, against the New Jersey Devils, stopping 24 of 27 shots in a 3–2 overtime loss.
Loss of cell wall and formation of membrane-lined compartments are the kind of things that we might expect occurring in the eukaryotic stem groups.
The team's manager, Bobby Heenan, blamed André for the loss and even slapped the Giant, who retaliated by "paint-brushing" Heenan.
However, with time and the loss of records (except in the case of former copyhold land), it came to be assumed that most land was held directly of the Crown.
In 1910, Fuchs first reported 13 cases of central corneal clouding, loss of corneal sensation and the formation of epithelial bullae, or blisters, which he labeled 'dystrophia epithelialis corneae'.
At a loss as to what to do she took her friend Lincoln Steffens' advice and in 1921 traveled to Poland and Russia serving as a correspondent for the American Friends Service Committee.
He made his final professional appearance on 5 November, coming on as a 90th-minute substitute in a 2–0 home win over Columbus Crew, in the second leg of the 2017 MLS Cup Eastern Conference Semi-finals; New York were eliminated from the Playoffs following a 4–3 aggregate loss.
Data apologizes to Soong that he will not be able to grieve for his loss, but Soong tells him he will grieve in his own way.
The -100 wasn't continued in production due to loss of interest.
Arminius grieved his loss of Thusnelda deeply and did not marry again.
We do not use the standard formula for solving quadratic equations because that may lead to loss of significance.
In November 1914, following reports of large loss of life during fighting at Karonga, Chilembwe wrote a letter to The Nyasaland Times in Blantyre, explicitly appealing to the colonial authorities not to recruit black troops:
Pope John Paul II addresses how the common understanding of the human body which analyzes it as a mechanism leads to objectification, that is, a loss of understanding of its intrinsic, personal meaning.
The company ranks the creditworthiness of borrowers using a standardized ratings scale which measures expected investor loss in the event of default.
On 9 August 2008, he made his PSG debut against former club Monaco in a 1–0 loss.
Most amphibian species are also threatened by native habitat loss, and some species are now only breeding in modified habitat.
Loss of biodiversity also means that humans are losing animals that could have served as biological-control agents and plants that could potentially provide higher-yielding crop varieties, pharmaceutical drugs to cure existing or future diseases (such as cancer), and new resistant crop-varieties for agricultural species susceptible to pesticide-resistant insects or virulent strains of fungi, viruses, and bacteria.
The death is compared to the loss of Hesperus and Tithonus and ends with a prayer that the earth rest lightly on him.
In The Road to Serfdom, Friedrich Hayek argued that the more even distribution of wealth through the nationalization of the means of production cannot be achieved without a loss of political, economic and human rights.
The Corporate Ministry, however, crumbled when the Undertaker's relationship with Vince McMahon deteriorated after a loss to Austin over the WWF Championship in a First Blood match, and with that The Corporation was officially over.
In June, 2006, Delphi said in a filing that it would restate its 2005 report, which would increase Delphi's reported 2004 net loss by $65 million.
[…] It should be striking and stir questions, and I think that that video, at the end of the day, comes down to that core emotion of loss."
A conservative MLA in a traditionally Labor district, Cunningham is perhaps most well known for having brought Rob Borbidge's Coalition minority government to power in 1996, following the loss of the Mundingburra by-election by the then Goss Labor government.
After a technical submission loss to top contender Jeremy Horn shortly after, Liddell began establishing his reputation as a top contender with dominant victories over Kevin Randleman, Murilo Bustamante, Vitor Belfort, Amar Suloev, Jeff Monson, Renato Sobral, and Tito Ortiz.
They later avenged their loss to the US by defeating them in the gold medal game 2–1.
There are many other reasons why adults and others may begin to have memory loss.
A loss to Nottinghamshire, however, sent them right back into the mire.
In the County Championship, Nottinghamshire enjoyed the lead in Division One for a couple of days after beating Glamorgan by ten wickets – Glamorgan's eighth loss – but Kent, whose match started on 10 July took it back despite losing to Sussex, the six bonus points being enough to take the lead.
The loss of the DHS contract resulted in the immediate grounding of four McDonnell Douglas MD-80 aircraft to cut costs.
He was said to have expressed his grief over the loss his favourite courtier and not taken food or drink for two days.
Kent were set a target of 51 in their second innings, which they achieved without loss of a wicket to win inside three days.
They recovered from the National League loss against Lancashire, too, beating Middlesex by 14 runs on 15 August, but lost to Glamorgan in the same competition two days later.
They then beat Derbyshire in a thriller in the Sunday League, before a four-day loss to Nottinghamshire.
A member must closely guard their colors, for allowing one's colors to fall into the hands of an outsider is an act of disgrace and may result in loss of membership in a club, or some other punishment.
Without loss of generality, assume the field is uniform points in , so that the time evolution operator is given as
A university professor who has studied this aspect wonders whether the lake would have to be soon rechristened "Sapthamudi" or the lake with seven locks of hair.The loss to people due to destruction of the creek is stated to be:
Retail loss prevention is responsible for identifying these causes and following up with training, preventing, investigating, responding to and resolving them.
The team went as far to start a "We Owe You One" advertising campaign in reaction to the loss.
While both consider retransmission timeout (RTO) and duplicate ACKs as packet loss events, the behavior of Tahoe and Reno differ primarily in how they react to duplicate ACKs:
By this time, nearing 30 years of age, Anne had not married and was experiencing hearing loss.
It was the loss of these donkeys which led Saul and a servant to journey in search of them and so to meet Samuel, Saul's anointer.
Repeated conversion between analog and digital can also cause loss.
At a loss for words after Edie breaks down into tears, Sam leaves.
The ball bounced into the hands of Stabler, who was tackled for a loss by defensive back Dick Anderson, and the Dolphins used their running game to take time off the clock and set up Csonka's third touchdown to clinch the game.
One of the most successful of these was 'The Loss of the Revenge' (1877), which was engraved for the Art Union of London.
A prolonged pattern of overconsumption leads to environmental degradation and the eventual loss of resource bases.
Habitat fragmentation is the reduction of large tracts of habitat leading to habitat loss.
She made her first Fed Cup appearance in 1988, with a 1–2 loss against Austria.
She then suffered a bad loss to 2nd seed Azarenka in the fourth round; winning only one game.
5S2D - Premium, ruggedized 6V6GT with triple micas, low loss micanol brown base.
Four other train ferries, Seikan maru No.11, Kitami Maru, Tokachi Maru and Hidaka Maru also sank on that day; the loss appeared to be of about 1,430 people.
In 1865, Jean-Baptiste Bouillaud described the first series of cases that involved the loss of music abilities that were due to brain injury.
Following the 2008 AFL Grand Final loss, Thompson suggested that Ablett would become a more prominent player in the forward line to provide the team with another goal-scoring option.
The Commonwealth was created in 1914 (symbolically the 200th anniversary of the year of the loss of governing institutions independent of the Spanish central administration) and was disbanded and outlawed in 1925 during Miguel Primo de Rivera's dictatorship.
 The bonk, or hitting the wall, sudden fatigue and loss of energy in endurance sports
Venice paid a high price for this treaty including loss of land and a requirement to pay an annual tribute to the Turks.
After the rape, Clarissa suffers a loss of sanity for several days, presumably brought on by her extreme distress as well as the dose of opiates administered to her.
This angered the Hindu Jats of Sadar Bazaar, which led to the riots among the Jats and Muslims from 11 July to 18 July, resulting in loss of life and property.
Due  to  his  loss,  Li  was  demoted  as  the viceroy of Liang Guang.
Although he took the loss in game four, he pitched respectably in the series, striking out five in the final two innings of game seven.
The two of them held an intervention for Johnny Storm following his loss of powers and subsequent erratic behavior.
After the loss of the battle, he fled to the Convent of San Salvatore, Monte Cassino, where he was captured by the Angevins.
This apart from the loss in contiguity of rainforests in Western Ghats.
Use of carbenicillin can cause hypokalemia by promoting potassium loss at the distal convoluted tubule of the kidney.
Such loss of control may be preceded by oscillations of the vessel's mast and course, as the person steering attempts to maintain control.
Blasingame's only home run of the year came against Dave Wickersham, a solo shot in a 4–3 loss to the Detroit Tigers on June 13.
Rick made his final ECW appearance on October 28, teaming with Taz in a loss to The Eliminators in a tag team match.
Administered tests and recognition of pattern sensory loss can identify lesions in particular nerves or areas.
After Carlton's season ended with a semi-final loss to , Worsfold interviewed with both Fremantle and his old playing club, West Coast, who had sacked Ken Judge.
However, such benefits can come at the cost of parent's ability to reproduce in the future e.g., through increased risk of injury when defending offspring against predators, loss of mating opportunities whilst rearing offspring, and an increase in the time interval until the next reproduction.
A loss in the C&G Trophy quarter-finals followed, not all that surprising given Kent's one-day form, and that meant Kent's only realistic chances of winning anything this season were in the County Championship, and after giving up 457 runs in the first innings against Surrey that looked difficult.
| 1997-11-09 || Loss ||align=left| Peter Aerts || K-1 Grand Prix '97 Final Quarter Finals || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (High Kick and Straight to the Body) || 3 || 1:17
Nottinghamshire were eight for no loss overnight, chasing 12 to win, and Darren Bicknell hit the winning runs off Dewald Pretorius four balls into the fourth day.
Durham rounded off the month with three matches without loss, however, as they beat Derbyshire in the League and Somerset in the Championship to have a 24.5-point lead at the end of the month.
However, despite the loss, Lancashire were almost assured of the Division Two victory, as their main competitors Yorkshire were still trailing in their match with Northamptonshire.
Gasquet began his season with a first round loss at the Murray River Open against Mackenzie McDonald.
In reply, Vikram Solanki and Stephen Moore batted 12.4 overs without loss before rain intervened, and Worcestershire were then 20 runs ahead of their Duckworth/Lewis target.
Hampshire then attempted to collapse of their own, crashing to 6 for 2 and 66 for 7, but 34 from off-spinner and captain Shaun Udal saw them home without any further loss of wickets.
After Lomax was taken out in the midst of the season opener loss (whereupon Hart threw 11-of-20 for 141 yards), Hart would be the starter for three of the next four games.
The following season, on December 26, 1997, Wright scored a season-high 32 points and grabbed 15 rebounds in an overtime loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.
Surrey declared when Ramprakash was dismissed, giving Warwickshire 11 overs to bat, and Knight and Westwood batted out without loss to draw the game.
However, with chronic hydronephrosis, permanent loss of kidney function is seen even once obstruction is removed.
Poaching, disease and habitat loss are the greatest threat to the gorillas.
Loss of consortium is a term used in the law of torts that refers to the deprivation of the benefits of a family relationship due to injuries caused by a tortfeasor.
As an example, in suits brought under the State of Washington's wrongful death statute, loss of consortium is an element of damages.
Alpine succulent plants often utilize CAM photosynthesis to avoid water loss.
The duodenal switch (DS) procedure, gastric reduction duodenal switch (GRDS), is a weight loss surgery procedure that is composed of a restrictive and a malabsorptive aspect.
As a result, a business deal prior to his memory loss, involving Hazel, Brain and Sin, an army of robot clones of Fuzzy were created, including one that has been nicknamed Bonus and seems to have some of Fuzzy's missing memories.
With the death of Bart's wife in early January 2017 the family "...will put aside all ill-will as the mourn the loss of their mother".
Many of the most unpopular estates were in East London, Newcastle upon Tyne, Greater Manchester, Glasgow, the South Wales valleys, and Liverpool, their unpopularity driven by a variety of causes from the loss of key industries, population decline, and counterurbanization.
The swimmers provided a low-cost/low-risk option with high payoff; possible loss to the country for failure compared to the possible gains from a successful mission led to the conclusion that the swimmer saboteurs were a good idea.
In the Bayesian setting, the term MMSE more specifically refers to estimation with quadratic loss function.
His lone start came against the New England Patriots in Week 5; Schaub threw for 298 yards and three touchdowns in the 31–28 loss.
Within weeks of the merger rumours had abounded about disagreements between Bernard and Mansfield about the future direction of the company and this was compounded by a £184m loss in the market capitalisation of the two combined entities by the time merger was sealed.
He debuted in ECW as "PG-187" in a loss to Chris Candido on August 21, 1997.
This linguistic tendency resulted in the gradual loss of the complex Slavic case system, rendering Bulgarian and Macedonian significantly more analytic than their relatives.
Following his loss at WrestleMania, Gang was placed lower "on the card," feuding with Bam Bam Bigelow, Koko B. Ware, and Don Muraco.
In Week 12, he collected a season-high ten combined tackles (seven solo) and broke up a pass in a 16–7 loss at the Pittsburgh Steelers.
In the season opening loss to the New England Patriots, Fuamatu-Ma'afala recorded one reception for six yards.
He was wounded in the leg during one of the skirmishes and had an accident with a horse, which resulted in serious loss of hearing.
Despite that loss and failing to qualify for the Big 12 championship game, the Huskers still made it into the national championship game (ahead of #3 Colorado and #2 Oregon) in the Rose Bowl against Miami.
McCown went 18-of-24 for 174 yards for a 94.8 passer rating with no touchdowns nor turnovers, while rushing six times for 23 yards and being sacked 6 times, leading an injury-depleted Eagles offense to three field goals in a 17–9 loss to the visiting Seahawks.
Party leaders did not inform Lesniak about his loss of support until two days before the petition filing deadline.
The fans and coaching staff blamed the referees for the loss after the game.
He was first capped against the Republic of Ireland on 26 March 1985, won by England 2–1, with his other international appearance coming on 9 June that year in a 1–0 loss against Mexico.
Perkins began the 2012–13 NBA season getting two points, six rebounds, two assists, and a block in an 86–84 loss against the Spurs.
In allowing the amplification of one feature (the nave), the loss of another (the mosaics) was inherently tied.
Hearing loss globally due to ear infection is estimated to be 30 people in every 10,000.
He had a breakout game on October 15 loss to the New York Jets, rushing for 127 yards and a touchdown on 22 carries.
There may be more than one generalized Bayes rule, since there may be multiple choices of  that achieve the same expected loss.
An assessment made at the time considered that failure of the dam was likely and that catastrophic failure could inundate parts of Amlwch causing loss of life and substantial damage to property.
He issued an open letter condemning the danger to the army of the loss of its moral values "under the fallacious pretext of immediate expediency", and was imprisoned for sixty days.
However, a lost fumble by Wallace late in the fourth quarter led to a 24–21 Seahawks loss.
Wisden primarily attributed the loss to the poor performance of Woods, whose four wickets came at an expense of 124.
Split Rock Lighthouse was built in response to the great loss of ships during the famous Mataafa Storm of 1905, during which 29 ships were lost or damaged on Lake Superior.
After a poor start to the 2006 Brisbane Broncos season following a 36-4 loss to the North Queensland Cowboys at Suncorp Stadium in Round 1, several critics argued that Lockyer should either return to  or lose his spot on both the Australian and Queensland squad.
She suffers the largest loss of life of an American ship.
Traffic declined in the 1980s as a result of national policies and trends, the withdrawal of vacuum-braked wagons leading to a loss in coal traffic and the increase in charges for imported steel resulting in this traffic moving to other ports.
During the Lions' Week 15 loss at Green Bay, Williams led the Lions in receiving yards after catching three passes for 42 yards.
Polarized light reflected from an ordinary motion picture screen typically loses most of its polarization, but the loss is negligible if a silver screen or aluminized screen is used.
Loss of HRV has both diagnostic and prognostic value in neonates with sepsis.
In a follow–up match against rivals, Charlton Athletic,  Speroni was at fault when he "rushed out to deal with a hopeful long-ball in the 74th minute - only for substitute Svetoslav Todorov to nip in and score the only goal of the game", in a 1–0 loss.
The wreck of HMS Diane on an uncharted reef and the subsequent events may be based actual events surrounding the loss of the HMS Alceste.
The single copy cannot be heterozygous at SNP locations and therefore the region shows loss of heterozygosity.
It also suffered a total loss of offsite power, requiring the use of the onsite emergency diesel generators for several days.
Because of Stork's loss at the by-election the Home Secretary, Henry Bruce, announced a Royal Commission to examine the situation.
As well, to grieve intensely over the loss of a sock would also not be considered normal responsiveness and indicate a mental disorder.
Corruption was also suspected in Michael Carbajal's decision loss in his gold medal match.
Although MSUD can be stabilized, there are still threats of metabolic decompensation and loss of bone mass that can lead to osteoporosis, pancreatitis, and intracranial hypertension.
The loss of the hospital was a major blow to the defenders.
On January 6, 2005, a major ice storm caused a loss of power to the broadcast facilities.
On September 16, 2007, Johnson recorded seven combined tackles, a season-high two pass deflections, forced a fumble, and sacked quarterback Rex Grossman twice during a 20–10 loss at the Chicago Bears in Week 2.
The following week, he made four combined tackles in the Chiefs' 27–20 loss at the New England Patriots in the AFC Divisional Round.
A coffee price collapse in the late 1980s caused a loss of income for Rwanda's wealthy elite, precipitating a political fight for power and access to foreign aid receipts.
The more distinctive neurological symptoms of mercury poisoning, including loss of balance and slurred speech, appeared in January 1997, five months after the accident.
It's been interesting for me, since the events of September 11, the way people have been playing 'Hero' and really even talking to me about 'Never Too Far', 'cause that song is also about loss.
Spin columns contain a filter that allows all IP components except the beads to flow through using a brief centrifugation and therefore provide a method to use significantly less agarose beads with minimal loss.
The German transport ship Goya was sunk in the Baltic Sea by Soviet submarine L-3 with the loss of over 6,000 lives.
This was also Li's earliest loss in the tournament.
After the power loss, EDG 1-A failed to start due to a protective safety trip.
Scrimm states that the theme of loss and how, by fantasizing about death, the young protagonist deals with the deaths in his family drives the story.
When basking, they typically pack together tightly, reducing heat loss due to convective currents.
Building a lot of ships early can win a player the game, if the player finds his enemies' home planets before they manage to upgrade their military technology; on the other hand, it can lead to a loss if the player's opponents upgrade first and attack with superior ships.
On December 11, 2005, Rolle recorded a solo tackle, a pass deflection, and made his first career interception in the Cardinals' 17–13 loss to the Washington Redskins.
On December 15, 2013, Rolle recorded seven combined tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by Russell Wilson during a 23–0 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in Week 15.
He did not see any playing time until being subbed on in the 75th minute to Schalke 04 on 19 December, the game ended as a 3–0 loss.
The end result is reduction or loss of vision.
The next year, he registered 62 tackles, 16 tackles for a loss, 6 sacks, 32 quarterback hurries (led the team), 5 forced fumbles and 2 fumble recoveries.
However, Texas suffered a loss to Texas Tech, so they did not make the championship game.
Butt, with whom Lyons had had several conversations about Catholicism in the short period between the beginning of his retirement and his loss of consciousness, ‘felt so convinced of his [Lyons’s]  disposition and intention that he received [Lyons] into the [Catholic] Church and administered to him extreme unction’ whilst Lyons lay unconscious and unable to communicate.
A Week 3 loss to the Indianapolis Colts in which he had 82 rushing yards on only 11 carries had the media questioning why the team was not running the ball more.
The Stripper was based on the play A Loss of Roses written by William Inge.
The African Union through its chairman, Yayi Boni said "the late President Mills had the same vision as the first President of Ghana, Kwame Nkrumah and it was a great, great loss for the country and for the continent."
Before the loss to Reading, the Wranglers had gone 12–0–2 during the time.
Thinning: the gradual loss or decay of magic or vitality, as when the Elves depart from Middle-earth in The Lord of the Rings.
1990 Commentary (on ecological uniqueness and loss of species), p. 188-198 in Orians, G., G.M.
Because of the loss of property and life in the 1831 rebellion, the British Parliament held two inquiries.
Davis started in the Carolina Panthers’ season-opener against the Philadelphia Eagles and recorded a season-high 16 combined tackles (14 solo) during their 38–10 loss.
In Torino's 3–1 home loss against Lazio, he replaced Sereni in goal, who had been sent off, as Torino had already made three substitutions, failing to stop a Mauro Zárate penalty.
The team was high enough in the BCS standings to merit entry to the national championship game, and all UCLA needed to do was beat unranked Miami, who were major underdogs after a 66–13 loss to Syracuse the week before.
whether the ground level remains essentially unchanged or whether there is addition or loss of material.
The activity (i.e., effectiveness) of the catalyst in a semi-regenerative catalytic reformer is reduced over time during operation by carbonaceous coke deposition and chloride loss.
High-priced oil allowed the USSR to support the struggling economies of the Soviet-led bloc during the 1974–1981 petrodollar surge, and the loss of income during the 1980s oil glut contributed to the bloc's collapse in 1989.
He made his debut for the club, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Nottingham Forest on 14 September 2013.
With the current road in the gorge, lack of proper mitigation has already led to many road kills over the years; with the construction of the new motorway project, animal mortality rate is expected to increase, not just because of direct traffic accidents but also because of the effects of deforestation and habitat loss.
Typically the river accounts for 18% of water loss from the lake, with the rest being due to evaporation.
His season ended on November 9 when he sustained yet another dislocated shoulder in a loss to the Packers.
It is a hypokinetic movement basal ganglia disease caused by the loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra of the human brain.
The Cleveland Indians retire Bob Feller's uniform number 19 prior to the team's 5–3 loss to the Yankees.
However, in the Football League Trophy Final against Port Vale, Powell played the whole game, in a 2–1 loss.
The evacuations before the worst of the flooding have been cited as one of the reasons for relatively little loss of life in the capital.
Ireland suffers their first home loss since Brian Kerr became manager in 2003.
The plant was struggling to compete in wholesale electricity markets, resulting in a loss of millions of dollars in recent years.
IIASA is a core member of the Food and Land Use (FOLU) Coalition that brings together stakeholders from academia and the public and private sectors to identify and advance solutions that deliver food security, healthy and affordable diets, halt biodiversity loss, restore and protect ecosystem services, and mitigate climate change and environmental pollution.
Marginal loss changes due to revision of local authority wards.
The total loss for the Cardinal alone amounted to more than 30.000 francs.
With the loss of Sir Tei Abal, Leader of United Party in 1987, leadership tussle came into play with Roy Evara, Anton Parao, Paul Torato and others.
The Liberals suffered an upset loss to the New Democratic Party in the 1990 provincial election, and Black finished third in his bid for re-election.
These models incorporate Horizon Hobby's proprietary "Smart-Trak" mixing system which automatically adds a small amount of "up elevator" in turns, thus keeping the nose up and avoiding loss of altitude.
The end of colonization meant a loss of medical resources, and the fledgling independent governments could not afford to continue the health policies put in place by the colonial governments.
For instance, on 31 May 1836, the day Euphrates left Ana, Chesney left Ainsworth on the bank of the river during a momentary loss of memory.
Body temperatures above 34 °C (93 °F) are believed to be fatal, and in addition to avoiding heat, the animal adjusts its circulation to maintain a sustainable temperature by moving blood to and from the skin to increase or lower heat loss.
The Eagles became the first side to win the Premiership from a Qualifying Final loss since Sturt did so in 1976, and the only club in the competition to have won Premierships in each of the last 3 decades.
 Causing loss of or damage to property
The sorcerer travels to Eresh where he bewitches Enmerkar's livestock, but a wise woman outperforms his magic and casts him into the Euphrates; En-suhgir-ana then admits the loss of Inanna, and submits his kingdom to Uruk.
The wear and tear upon their nerves and their muscles, and the loss of sleep make them so.
He was flown by helicopter to Santa Corona Hospital in Pietra Ligure near Savona, where it was confirmed that he had suffered partial amputation of his forearm, compound fractures to his right elbow, shoulder and leg, as well as significant loss of blood.
She provides practical advice on how caregivers and their families can (and must) take care of their own physical, emotional and spiritual needs in order to give better care to their loved ones who may be suffering with a memory loss disorder.
HMS Orpheus ran aground just inside the Manukau Harbour entrance south of Whatipu in 1863 with the loss of 189 lives.
About a month later, in August 1940, Har Zion was sunk in the Western Approaches by the , with the loss of 36 of the 37 people aboard.
Baldy refers to a person with hair loss.
In his last appearance with New York, on July 25, he had allowed six runs in  innings in an 11–5 loss to Milwaukee.
In the June 2017 general election, after which the Conservatives formed a minority government, she held her Putney constituency with a reduced majority and a loss in vote share of 9.7%.
It is difficult to enforce TED compliance as TEDs can reduce the efficiency of the net system, resulting in a loss of some of the catch.
He told the press that he found the prospect daunting because he was at a loss with high formality, was not well up on central church administration and had not much political experience.
Myxospores are extremely tough: "it was shown that Myxobolus cerebralis spores can tolerate freezing at −20°C for at least 3 months, aging in mud at 13°C for at least 5 months, and passage through the guts of northern pike Esox lucius or mallards Anas platyrhynchos without loss of infectivity" to worms.
In early 2021, the Brahman Brothers kicked Sasuke out of Mu no Taiyo following a loss to the Yapper Men and GAINA.
In 2012, Churchill Senior A was almost undefeated in the regular season except for a 1-0 loss against Richmond's McMath.
Rutten found a measure of redemption after the upset loss by choking out expert grappler and King of Pancrase Tournament Finalist Manabu Yamada in his next fight, on 26 January 1995.
Starting on daybreak on 10 October, the Highland Brigade came under counter-attack, with the Stormont, Dundas and Glengary Highland regiment, known as the "Glens" in the Canadian Army, spending two days fighting for the village of Hoofdplaat with a loss of 17 dead and 44 wounded.
In other words, it was thought that no sane plaintiffs' lawyer would sue in 1978 for a tortious act that allegedly caused a covered loss in 1953, because the risk of dismissal was so obvious.
He described the loss as follows: "I get mad at myself a little bit because I should've won the '96 title too, but I was thinking I was invincible and tried a jump at Millville that I never should have attempted and got injured."
With the help of the MHP and DSP, Gül was elected President despite also suffering a loss in their share of the seats (down from 363 to 341), as there was a quorum of 67% this time.
José Théodore failed a drug test because he was taking Propecia, a hair loss medication that contains the non-performance-enhancing drug Finasteride.
The guitar pioneered the use of curved plates on the front and back in order to reduce standing wave hysteresis loss and the use of 18 volt preamps in an attempt to tame the 'quack' sound commonly associated with piezoelectric acoustic guitar pickups.
A. Santamaria and his supporters in the Victorian Labor Party for Labor's loss of seats at the 1954 federal election.
After the Colombian Government dismantled many of the drug cartels that appeared in the country during the 1980s, left-wing guerrilla groups and rightwing paramilitary organizations resumed some of their drug-trafficking activities and resorted to extortion and kidnapping for financing, activities which led to a loss of support from the local population.
In January 1893 Abs fought and defeated Antonio Pierri in Altona, Hamburg, but Pierri contested the loss, claiming that he was not thrown by Abs but merely slipped.
Undeterred by the loss, he ran again and was elected Governor of South Carolina in 1934, serving for one term.
In the boardroom, nearly all of Synergy blamed Brent's disruptive behavior on the first day for the loss, with only Brent (who was defending himself) and Roxanne arguing otherwise.
Early defeats to Germany and a humiliating 5–2 loss to Cyprus, a match in which Dunne scored before giving away a penalty and being sent off, ensured qualification was always beyond the Irish.
Bulgaria's victory earned it a berth in the main tournament, while Switzerland's second loss eliminated them.
Recovering from this loss, Tiria is later proclaimed by all as the new High Rhulain of Green Isle.
Vyjayanthimala commented that "His death is a big loss to the industry.
During this time, Barbarian had only one major match, a loss to The British Bulldog at Battle Royal at the Albert Hall.
A 2005 study based on a low-fat plant-based diet found that the average participant lost  over fourteen weeks, and attributed the weight loss to the reduced energy density of the foods resulting from their low fat content and high fiber content, and the increased thermic effect.
However it was also clear that even though without proving economic loss, compensation for damages can not be awarded, plaintiff could still obtain statutory damages and an injunction.
Before the Syrian Civil War, Rojava had been ecologically damaged by monoculture, oil extraction, damming of rivers, deforestation, drought, topsoil loss and general pollution.
England made the 95 needed for victory, and the eight-wicket loss was Australia's first Test defeat since the resumption of international cricket after World War II, ending a streak of 25 Tests without defeat.
On the following episode of SmackDown, Bryan blamed AJ for his title loss and ended their relationship.
He immediately started showing displays of offensive talent at his new club, namely in a 1992–93 UEFA Cup tie against Sporting Clube de Portugal where, after a 1–2 home loss, he was influential in the club's 4–3 aggregate win, scoring twice.
It centers on Lou Ferrigno's battle with hearing loss and his rise to prominence on the world bodybuilding stage.
Lograsso (alongside former WWE NXT wrestler Adam Mercer) filed a concussion lawsuit against WWE in January 2015, claiming “serious neurological damage, including severe headaches, memory loss, depression and anxiety, as well as deafness” as a result of WWE run.
In week three against the Cleveland Browns, Ayanbadejo recorded six tackles, one of which was for a loss, a sack, and an interception.
At the Capital Combat pay-per-view in May 1990, Bigelow teamed with Sullivan and Cactus Jack in a loss to Norman the Lunatic and the Road Warriors.
About 2000 plants worldwide are susceptible to infection by root-knot nematodes and they cause approximately 5% of global crop loss.
After the loss, Hart and Evans began feuding with Líder and Nicho and on October 24, La Hermandad Extrema defeated The Hart Foundation 2.0 (Teddy Hart and Jack Evans), and Los Bello Stones (Alan and Chris Stone) in a Three Way Ladder match for the World Tag Team Championship at the 2008 Antonio Peña Memorial Show.
There were also numerous skirmishes near Boston and the coastal areas of Boston, resulting in loss of life, military supplies, or both.
Iowa's wrestling team defeated Oklahoma and two days later, the men's basketball team played their first game – a loss to Michigan State – in the new arena.
After the loss of their seventh WCW World Tag Team Championship, to The Outsiders (Kevin Nash and Scott Hall) on October 27, 1996 they became full-fledged faces when they fired Col. Parker and beat him up.
Horsepower for naturally aspirated engines (including Roots-blown two-stroke engines) is usually derated 2.5 percent per  above mean sea level, a tremendous penalty at the  or greater elevations which several Western U.S. and Canada railroads operate, and this can amount to a 25 percent power loss.
He also played for Canberra in their grand final loss to Penrith in 1991.
On 22 September, Benayoun ruptured his achilles during Chelsea's 4–3 League Cup loss against Newcastle United.
Special rules, and considerable bodies of case law have developed around four further particular fields in negligence: for psychiatric injury, economic loss, for public bodies, and when concerning omissions and third parties.
The arena features  of lobby space with  high ceilings and  of glass with a barely visible coating that allows sunlight through while controlling heat loss and gain.
For the quarter ending September 30, 1995, Sierra posted a profit of $3.26 million, compared to a loss of $850,000 in 1994.
This time though, the batting showed resilience and the team put together a total of 172 for the loss of 8 wickets which came on the back of a half-century from Ruvindu Gunasekera (51) and late blitzes from team captain Rizwan Cheema and wicket-keeper batsman Hamza Tariq.
The faults with composite resins at this time were that they had poor appearance, poor marginal adaptation, difficulties with polishing, difficulty with adhesion to the tooth surface, and occasionally, loss of anatomical form.
Michael Rechtshaffen of The Hollywood Reporter noted the film was darker than its predecessor, with "the loss of innocence theme ... significantly deepened".
A proposal made first by Guy Verhofstadt, the European Parliament's Brexit negotiator, to help cover the rights of British citizens post-Brexit would see British citizens able to opt-out of the loss of EU citizenship as a result of the general clauses of the withdrawal agreement.
In 2009, it was announced that Ford had "an advanced bone loss medical condition resulting in severe blood infections".
Potential impacts of dam construction include wetland loss and altered flooding cycle with a dry season flow 50% greater than under natural conditions.
Based on the severity of the fracture, symptoms may include nausea, memory loss, concussion, bruise, and lethargy.
On 16 December 2019, Van Bommel was sacked by PSV with the team in fourth, following a loss to Feyenoord.
Elżbieta, who never got over the loss, moved from Warsaw to the countryside, and subsequently gave up public and artistic life.
Traction alopecia is a form of alopecia, or gradual hair loss, caused primarily by pulling force being applied to the hair.
While she was an NCMP, Parliament debated the Human Organ Transplant (Amendment) Bill 2009 which would permit an organ donor to receive a reasonable amount of payment as a reimbursement for medical checks, insurance and other medical expenses, and loss of income.
Loss of aspiration before *y, detailed under "palatalization".
Habitat destruction has led to the loss of the large trees the species requires for breeding, which in turn makes it easier for poachers to find the rhinoceros hornbill.
He was an early American proponent of a low-carbohydrate diet for weight loss, and he promoted his diet for that purpose.
Railroads also restructured, causing more loss of union jobs among both whites and African Americans.
The prognosis for those left untreated is almost always continued significant visual loss in both eyes.
Buckner's attitude was colored by Bragg's unsuccessful invasion of Buckner's native Kentucky in 1862, as well as by the loss of his command through the merger.
This can be called loss of aspiration.
Likely distressed by his injury, he announced his retirement after his loss, but would return six years later in his most important win.
Since he is primarily interested in cases of "liberty of indifference," the strong indeterminism he introduces raise the objection of loss of agent control, but Kane says the agent can beforehand decide to assume responsibility whichever way she randomly chose.
In the first round, Berdych suffered a shocking loss to Stéphane Robert 6–3, 6–3, 2–6, 2–6, 7–9.
Since then, the German team has played 19 times at the stadium, and only one of those matches resulted in a loss.
The incident left him with a permanent loss of hearing in his left ear.
The kidney problems lead to the loss of important minerals, salts, fluids, and other nutrients.
However, the shipowner may avoid liability if it did not cause the loss or if the Hague-Visby Rules grant exemption from liability.
Progressive breakdown of the parent material and loss of carbonate or gypsum will ultimately convert a rendzina into another soil type.
By 2018, the problem had progressed to full left-ear hearing loss and balance problems.
Briefly in late 2009, the Dad Vail Organizing Committee announced that the regatta would be held in Rumson, New Jersey in 2010, citing loss of local sponsors.
They typically work better to prevent further hair loss than to regrow lost hair.
However, 2008 and 2012 reviews found little evidence to support the use of special lights or lasers to treat hair loss.
Goyder was also faced with the despair of his wife, Frances Mary Smith, who suffered the loss of twins at birth during George's long travels in the outback.
On September 14, 2003, Hampton collected a season-high three solo tackles and sacked quarterback Trent Green in a 41–20 loss at the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 2.
To compensate for the loss, KGO-TV was then added on cable providers in that market, with certain syndicated programs carried by the station replaced due to syndication exclusivity rules.
Five people lost their lives in the mine explosion of Ivar in 1949 and, as recently as 1950, Frigga sank, without loss of life, after having hit a mine.
Rowland signed the right-handed pitcher for $185,000, one of the most expensive loss leader contracts in baseball history to that point.
On September 23, 2012, Miller caught a season-high eight passes for 60 yards and tied his career-high with two touchdown receptions in a 34–31 loss to the Oakland Raiders.
The Sun Devils suffered their first loss at the University of Iowa, losing 21-2 to the Hawkeyes.
Additionally, the movement helps the plant with reducing water loss as well as avoid damages.
Note that extinction is here considered a global (range-wide) phenomenon, while extirpation applies to loss within a particular national or subnational area, with the entity still extant elsewhere.
This is one of three poems in which Catullus tries to cope with the loss of his brother.
In some instances, protecting against loss of face becomes so central an issue that it swamps the importance of the tangible issues at stake and generates intense conflicts that can impede progress toward agreement and increase substantially the costs of conflict resolution.
Army Group Narwa had suffered the loss of around 30,000 men.
Loss of his wife
West Indies had lost six straight One Day Internationals before this one, and were looking to avoid a seventh straight loss against Pakistan.
If the cause of abrasion is due to habitual behaviours, the discontinuation and change of habit is critical in the prevention of further tooth loss.
Chelating agents like hydrogen or citrate ions combine with calcium, carbonate or phosphate ions in the region, thereby causing direct surface etching and tissue loss.
Tooth tissue is gradually weakened causing tissue loss through fracture and chipping or successively worn away leaving a non-carious lesion on the tooth surface.
He took the loss in his major league debut, pitching seven innings and giving up three earned runs against the Chicago White Sox.
It was declared a total loss by its insurers.
Due to the close proximity of and loss of business to the larger neighbour Eskilstuna, Torshälla has in recent years gradually acquired the character of a picturesque commuter town, while still retaining a significant stainless steel industry.
Development is widely viewed as an inevitable step towards modernization and economic growth in developing countries; however, for those who are displaced, the end result is most often loss of livelihood and impoverishment.
This higher air pressure was not noticeable inside of the facility, but opening a door to the outside would result in a rush of air escaping the building, so revolving doors were installed at each of the four main gates to lessen the loss of pressure as thousands of fans entered or exited.
The loss to Korea meant that the Philippines has to face China; despite losing, the Chinese had their slimmest winning margin in the tournament with nine points, en route to their gold medal.
Revenue loss calculation was further established on 3 August 2012 when according to the directions of the Supreme Court, Govt of India revised the reserve price for 2G spectrum to .
In the second game of a doubleheader against the Oakland Athletics on June 21, Wood struck out four straight hitters and five of six he faced in two innings, though the effort came in a 5–4 loss.
She is the one who buys Moll's stolen goods the first time, as Moll narrates "I was now at a loss for a market for my goods, ... At last I resolved to go to my old governess."
The Ethical movement was an outgrowth of the general loss of faith among the intellectuals of the Victorian era.
Microbial activity in the soil might also increase due to the heating of soil and increased nutrient content in the soil, though studies have also found complete loss of microbes on the top layer of soil after a fire.
Improper choice of a welding gas can lead to a porous and weak weld, or to excessive spatter; the latter, while not affecting the weld itself, causes loss of productivity due to the labor needed to remove the scattered drops.
On November 19, 2007, Trudeau was found in contempt of the 2004 court order for "patently false" claims in his weight loss book.
From 1968 to 1988, Republicans won five out of six presidential elections, with the only exception being a narrow loss to Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1976.
The change affected words like gnat, gnostic, gnome, etc., the spelling with gn- being retained despite the loss of the  sound.
Store employees and the public-at-large felt a sense of loss as well: many employees rushed to pay off their credit card accounts in full before the sale was finalized, "hoping that the proceeds would go to the founding families rather than [the new buyers]."
Loss of recording contract and Gillen's death
His first loss would come against Boris Zukhov on November 13, 1989 in Roanoke, VA. Perez would then continue to wrestle primarily on the undercard, although in one Prime Time Wrestling show host Gorilla Monsoon made mention of a possible tag-team pairing of Perez and Santana.
Ullmann's list of works is of incalculable value in light of the lost or missing compositions, although it makes clear the full extent of the loss caused by persecution and war.
 Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome, a syndrome characterized by headache, confusion, seizures and visual loss
However, they suffered another loss at the hands of Tatsumi Fujinami, Shinya Hashimoto and Masahiro Chono, but once again quickly rebounded by defeating Hiro Saito, Shiro Koshinaka and Kuniaki Kobayashi, after Murdoch eliminated Kobayashi and Saito.
The victory and a Western Michigan loss gave MSU sole possession of the CCHA title.
Other parts include Elizabeth Russell in the Oscar-nominated Hindi film Lagaan in 2001, and the beauty whose tragic loss drives Charles Castle mad in the 1997 film Photographing Fairies.
He made a dramatic weight loss to appear in the film The Beast to Die in 1980.
The Phantoms did manage to pick up two more wins – 2–1 over Richmond Kickers and a hard-fought 3–2 over Wilmington Hammerheads – but were eliminated from playoff contention well before their 3–1 loss to Cincinnati on the final day of the season.
On December 2, 2006, after his loss against Semmy Schilt at K-1 World Grand Prix 2006 finals, Le Banner announced he was considering his semi retirement from tournament fighting, restricting future appearances to K-1's Superfight events.
| 1997-11-09 || Loss ||align=left| Ernesto Hoost || K-1 Grand Prix '97 Quarter Finals || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right hook) || 1 || 1:15 || 28–7–1
Forrest also suffered scarlet fever as a youngster, which left her with a hearing loss.
The aftermath of this loss led to another problem.
who suffered a total loss of episodic memory, but still knew a variety of facts about himself.
When measuring the intensity of the electron energy loss peaks and comparing to other experimental results or to theoretical models it can also be determined whether a molecule is adsorbed normal to the surface or tilted by an angle.
She ended up winning $8,000 USD, getting nine out of ten questions correct, and opted not to answer the eleventh question (the bonus question), as missing that question results in a loss of all the player's winnings.
On April 12, Nagamura picked up his first goal and assist of the 2008 season in a 4–3 loss to the Columbus Crew.
On October 22, 2011, Grisham inadvertently caused some minor internet outrage when he referred to the loss suffered by Oklahoma at the hands of Texas Tech as the "Trail of Tears".
After this loss, Young would pursue a storyline relationship with ODB and the two would begin a feud with Angelina Love and Winter.
This is a good rule-of-thumb, in that it is conservative (it overstates path loss in most cases).
Soon after the chance meeting, the two find themselves developing an emotional bond, brought together by a shared sense of grief and loss.
However, as The Economist reported, "paid digital downloads grew rapidly, but did not begin to make up for the loss of revenue from CDs".
After a lengthy undefeated streak, Clark was rumored to be slated to become a future challenger to Bill Goldberg but had his momentum stopped on November 23, 1998 in a big loss to Kevin Nash.
Possible results include advantage, disadvantage, gain, injury, loss, value and victory.
Minkowski thought that autism is the patient's loss of vital contact with reality (perte de contact vital avec la réalité).
To celebrate the anticipated 10,000th loss in Philadelphia Phillies franchise history, executive producer Nick McIlwain rolled 10,000 marbles down the steps of the Philadelphia Art Museum as Bill Weston (WMMR's program director) looked on.
The island's loss of the language reflects a significant anglicisation of its culture and mindset, partly brought on by a large number of tax exiles from England.
The London 1883 chess tournament introduced chess clocks, creating a new rule for loss on time.
It is later revealed that Mr. Walker's mother found a brooch at Falco's office by chance and decided to keep it; Falcon has purchased the expensive canary diamond brooch to hide the stolen $10 million, and blamed Walker for its loss.
At 208 for 5, the Australians were struggling, but another good partnership between Langer and Gilchrist saw them to tea with no further loss.
However, a late slump followed a one-game playoff loss to Purefoods that relegated the Realtors to the wildcard phase.
With a box office loss estimated at a hefty $222,000 for RKO, this was Hepburn's third flop in a row which contributed to Hepburn being one of the actors labeled "box office poison" in the infamous 1938 advertisement created by Harry Brandt, president of the Independent Theatre Owners of America.
In the 1953 Major League Baseball All-Star Game, Fain scored the only run for the American League in the ninth inning of a 5-1 loss.
On 18 June, Podolski missed a second-half penalty after a handling infraction committed by Nemanja Vidić in the 1–0 loss to Serbia.
Normal outbursts and the stellar winds in the quiescent state are not sufficient for the required mass loss, but LBVs occasionally produce abnormally large outbursts that can be mistaken for a faint supernova and these may shed the necessary mass.
The team would continue to win, going 5-0 until suffering their first loss to the Albany Conquest.
After his loss in the 1976 governor's race, Howlett opened a private consulting business.
She was also eliminated in the earliest possible stage at the qualifying tournament for the French Open, being on the receiving end of a 1–6, 6–2, 2–6 loss against Ons Jabeur.
The Tactix have made several changes for the 2013 season (including their region name), mainly to cover the loss of captain Maree Bowden, and Anna Galvan, who have both retired.
In Game 2 of the Hornets' first round playoff series match-up with the Miami Heat, Jefferson scored 16 second-quarter points to finish with 25 on 12-of-17 shooting off the bench in a 115–103 loss.
Amid the transfer speculation, Rosenberg made his first appearance of the season, coming on as an 83rd-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Southampton in the opening game of the season.
The following year saw the same foe and exactly the same result, a 2-3 loss, this time at a tie held in Vancouver (at Jericho Tennis Club).
However, it was at a loss about the form it should take and from what body it should emanate."
These include the DC resistance of the cable, the loss of signal strength (attenuation) of a signal at one or more frequencies, and a measure of the isolation between multiple pairs of a multi-pair cable or crosstalk.
The banana and coffee crops in Guatemala and Indonesia will become compromised by the loss of precipitation.
Besides the loss of support and defensive locations, the drop in revenue also caused a brief financial crisis resolved by the imposition of new taxes.
The most notable casualty was Opposition Leader Denis Burke's loss of his own seat of Brennan.
After the title loss, Finlay continued to attack and wrestle threats to court leader Booker and his newly won World Heavyweight Championship, including Lashley and Batista.
Some feared for the loss of their jobs or the decline in quality of them.
They enter the Division 1 State Championship as a #1 seed, losing in the championship game 73–57 loss to Pleasant Grove.
 pre-natal loss including miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, stillbirth and prematurity
In the 2006–2007 series 52, Montoya, now an alcoholic ex-cop, spends her days in bars and her nights obsessing about the loss of her job and girlfriend Daria who had walked out on her three months previously unable to watch Renée "destroy herself."
Most patients are born with normal hearing; however, the onset of hearing loss is very common in early adolescence.
The loss is keenly felt because of a red plague killing local fish in large numbers.
One risk of this approach is that the return loss or VSWR of the loads themselves must be suitably specified to be as close as possible to a perfect 50 Ohms, or whatever the nominal system impedance is.
Ukraine International Airlines posted a net loss of almost UAH 2.7 billion (about $100 million) in 2018, or about nine times more than it lost in 2017, Ukrainian media reported on 25 March, citing a UIA investor report.
This was the first flight of Endeavour since STS-113 in November 2002, which was also the last successful shuttle flight before STS-107 which culminated in the loss of Columbia when it disintegrated during reentry.
After a loss to Oklahoma City Thunder on November 12, 2012, the Pistons fell to 0–8.
During the season opener against the Tennessee Titans, Lechler had seven punts for 353 net yards for a 50.43 average in the 25-20 road loss.
Hearing loss associated with Mondini dysplasia may first become manifest in childhood or early adult life.
Weight loss is recommended in those who are overweight.
He also owned Upset, who gave Man o' War the only loss of his career.
The loss dropped the Jets to 9–6 and out of first place in the AFC East.
The loss of an Iberian Muslim source of slaves further encouraged Christians to look to other sources of manpower.
After their severe election loss, the party congress decided not to disband but to continue competing in elections, striving to return to parliament.
Digital Devil Saga did not manage to meet its projected sales targets in Japan, and contributed to the company's console division posting a substantial loss for the 2004/2005 financial year, resulting in several staff members being laid off.
Signs of dental difficulty include difficulty eating, weight loss and small stools and visibly overgrown teeth.
William G. Ouchi, author of Making Schools Work: A Revolutionary Plan to Get Your Children the Education They Need, wrote that due to the loss of the middle and upper class students, Yates "fell on hard times."
Housatonic sank with the loss of five crew; Hunley also sank, taking her crew of eight to the bottom.
This is a loss of 3 seats from the previous election.
The white residents were encouraged to quickly sell, at a loss, and emigrate to more racially homogeneous suburbs.
Hair loss can also occur.
In both 1976 and 1977, they lost in the semi-finals to the eventual champion Montreal Canadiens, and then suffered an upset loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1978 quarter-finals, on a game-winning goal by Lanny McDonald in overtime of Game 7.
The condition should be distinguished from a general loss of interest in sexual activity and from other sexual dysfunctions, such as the orgasmic disorder (anorgasmia) and hypoactive sexual desire disorder, which is characterized as a lack or absence of sexual fantasies and desire for sexual activity for some period of time.
With the loss of Canada, defense of Louisiana became impossible.
Judd, who has not qualified for any other primary ballots, is contesting the ballot count, alleging that ballot workers suppressed the actual total (which he says shows him in the lead) in an effort to cover up an Obama loss.
According to Alexander Statiev,"Despite the ruthless procurement policy sanctioned at the top level and numerous abuses by commanders that aggravated this policy, most requisitions in these regions still had a benign outcome: civilians perceived the loss of some of their assets to partisans as a fair price for the temporary absence of Germans and the eventual victory.
On the Imus in the Morning broadcast of April 4, 2007, substitute sportscaster Sid Rosenberg of WAXY reported on Rutgers University's 59-46 loss the previous evening to the University of Tennessee, in the final game of the NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship.
Milosovici grieves chronically for the loss of her daughter, Denisa, going to the cemetery once or twice per week with her family.
When damage occurs to white matter, immune responses can lead to inflammation in the central nervous system (CNS), along with loss of myelin.
It's about love of a place, love of a time, love of your human contacts, and the loss of those things.
The team had a 5–2 record in pool play, then fell to Cuba in the semifinals, followed by a loss to Japan in the bronze-medal match.
Exposure can enhance hearing loss caused by noise exposure.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, India began to be referred to as the "sick man of Asia"  as a double entendre after its government's poor management of the pandemic, with significant loss of life, wide disease expression, the eruption of the delta variant, and substantial economic difficulties.
Only a loss to Sheffield Eagles denied the Lions the opportunity of promotion to National League One.
According to records, Fox was expecting a profit of $2 million, but ran a loss of almost $950,000.
However, the damage to US oil infrastructure was less severe than in the film, and the lack of the compounding events (shutdown of Port of Houston, loss of some of Saudi Arabia's supply) means the consequences of Katrina are much less than of the fictional Julia.
From Weeks 10-17 (other than the Week 11 bye week), Suggs recorded at least one sack in each game, with the one exception being the Week 16 loss to the Houston Texans (a game in which the Ravens had no sacks as a whole).
McMahon recalls that while he was in fourth grade, they briefly stayed in California to support his mother's family after the loss of her brother.
However, the released fat is likely to be promptly taken up into other cells, and there is no evidence that octopamine facilitates weight loss.
Due to the loss of Jacob Miller, the members asked Mark Castro to help them find a new vocalist.
The goals of the SPIDERS program are to increase energy security in the event of power loss from a physical or cyber disruption, provide emergency power, and manage the grid more efficiently.
Body volume increases proportionally faster than does body surface, with increasing size; and less body surface area per unit body volume tends to minimise heat loss.
He then made a return appearance in the 2009 King of Trios tournament on March 27, 2009, teaming with Al Snow and D'Lo Brown in another first-round loss, this time against The UnStable of Vin Gerard, Colin Delaney, and STIGMA.
He was awarded a game ball in the Broncos’ Divisional playoff victory at Kansas City when he recorded three tackles, including two tackles for loss, just two days after his mother died.
Vision loss is usually apparent upon waking from general anesthesia.
Following their dismissal from Goldenvoice Records in 2000, The Aquabats entered a lengthy period of relative inactivity, bringing much of their touring and recording plans to a standstill and resulting in the eventual departure of several of the band's key members, including the loss of their once prominent horn section.
Plants selected have 2/3 of their leaves trimmed off to prevent water loss.
In cases not covered by the foregoing rules, if the seller is a merchant, then the risk of loss shifts to the buyer upon buyer's "receipt" of the goods.
The first game on the new artificial turf was a 27–23 loss to Northwestern University played on September 14, 1985.
On 15 January 1800 a court martial on board Glatton, in Yarmouth Roads, tried Lieutenant James Watson, and the surviving officers and crew for the loss on the Cockle Sands of the 12-gun brig  as she left Yarmouth Roads via the Northern Passage for Leith.
In the 2004 Asian Cup, Alavi scored a goal in Iran's controversial loss to China in the semifinals of the tournament held in China 2004.
The early century saw the loss of the bulk of the Spanish colonies in the New World in the 1810s and 1820s, except for Cuba and Puerto Rico.
At this point the unavailability of cash for people trapped in the corralito compounded with the continuous loss of value of their savings, and the unresponsiveness of the appeal authorities (minor courts and the Supreme Court itself) further angered the protesters.
AFB's early accomplishments included taking the lead to standardize English Braille code and establishing the first professional publications program for teachers and administrators of programs for people with vision loss.
In a bid to try and revive the loss making plant, the Company owning the power plant RGPPL was split into two separate Power (RGPPL) and LNG entities (Konkan LNG Private Limited (KLPL)), one to manage the power plant and the other to try and manage the import of LNG.
2011-2012: Continued loss of form, out of the top 100
Some residents complained of nausea, abdominal pain, loss of appetite, joint pain and lethargy, though it could not be clearly established that PBBs were the cause of these health problems.
Alternative models were adopted by Oliver Goldsmith (The Deserted Village), Thomas Warton, and even Thomas Percy (The Hermit of Warkworth), who, also conservative by and large and Classicist (Gray himself was a professor of Greek), took up the new poetry of solitude and loss.
Patrice began playing guitar and writing songs in early adolescence, after the loss of his father.
Aircraft from the carriers attacked two German convoys and sank two ships for the loss of two aircraft.
He made his debut in a 3–0 loss to Millwall.
Given the fact-based nature of certain sentence enhancements under the Guidelines — drug quantity, firearm enhancements, and extent of injury or loss to the victim — there was no reason juries could not make those determinations.
Does weight loss maintenance become easier over time?
During most of this period the Communists were isolated even more tightly than before, due to the loss of their former Socialist allies and the bitter conflict that followed with them, particularly after Bettino Craxi became the Socialist leader.
Douglas himself was captured having been wounded five times, including the loss of an eye, despite the fact his armour had allegedly taken three years to make.
The loss of jobs affected overall income in the city, and many owners cut back on maintenance of buildings, contributing to a cycle of deterioration in housing stock.
The loss of Golubac was a major blow to King Sigismund as the Turks gained an important fortification on the Danube.
July 30, 2016 - In a pre-game ceremony before a 7–2 loss to the Colorado Rockies, Mike Piazza's #31 was retired, only the second time in club history that the Mets retired a player's number.
While the loss of the Morello family's senior leader was a blow to the Mafia, Camorra boss Pellegrino Morano was quickly charged with Nick Morello's murder after two members of the Camorra group, Tony Notoro and Ralph Daniello, contacted New York police and implicated Morano and Alessandro Vollero, revealing the war between the Sicilian and Neapolitan gangs.
In cases where side-effects do occur, they most often include passing irritation or hair loss at the application site.
Parvin left the club in February 2006, vowing to never return to Persepolis, after a 4–2 loss to Fajr Sepasi in Azadi Stadium.
This battle meant the loss of the most important strategic Liburnian positions in the centre of the Adriatic, resulting in their final retreat to their main ethnic region, Liburnia, and their complete departure from the Italic coast, apart from Truentum.
In that case, the insurer will pay only 80% of the loss.
On a national level, economic development is severely hindered by the lack of education of trafficked children; this results in a major loss of potentially productive future workers.
Enlarging the steam aperture can compensate for the loss of sound output if pressure is reduced.
During mating sessions, the wings of the male cover most of the female's abdomen, and this can sometimes lead up to loss of wing scales in the female, which can have negative effects on its flight efficiency.
This led to an estimated loss of at least $3.4 million in revenue in 2018 alone according to the TTC.
Born in Jerez de la Frontera, Province of Cádiz, Kiko's career began with local Cádiz CF, and he first appeared in La Liga on 14 April 1991 in a 2–3 home loss against Athletic Bilbao.
Elevated humidity levels slow the transpiration rate (water loss from leaves) and prevent the cutting from drying out.
Titanic makes the allegory of the liner's loss specifically about British "avarice" rather than, as most retellings do, about "hubris".
Howell had five top-10 finishes in 2013: T-3 at the Sony Open in Hawaii, playoff loss (T-2) at the Humana Challenge, T-9 at the Farmers Insurance Open, T-10 at the Shell Houston Open and T-10 at the Wells Fargo Championship.
With a three-pointer at the 2:06 mark of the second quarter in the Clippers' 118–109 loss to the Toronto Raptors on February 6, 2017, Crawford became the sixth NBA player to reach 2,000 made three-pointers.
They had only one win which was 14–6 over Western Suburbs, and had their worst loss in their final game against Norths, 45–0.
In Conley's 1993 book The Complete Hip and Thigh Diet, she promoted the idea of anatomically selective weight loss by dieting.
The Gazette article went on to reference the effect of the Stamp Act as an act of slavery and a threat to commerce, and that its enforcement would amount to nothing less than a loss of liberty.
In March 1986 local commercial classical music station KLEF changed its format and donated its 12,000+ disc library of music to KUHF, with the proviso that the University of Houston commit KUHF to a format that served Houston's classical music audience, recently disfranchised by the loss of KLEF.
Johnston only reported a loss of 300, but Lewis' Kentuckians lost 51% out of 1,100 soldiers.
Though this is often viewed as a loss of provincial political sovereignty it is necessary to remove disparities and thus unfair advantages with certain firms across the economic area to provide the best conditions possible for the promotion of competition and therefore economic efficiency.
With forty-three fatalities, the sinking of the Sun Chapman is the single largest loss of Afro-Guyanese life.
The loss of support resulting from these scandals was outweighed by the president's popularity among voters of the lower classes, whose income per capita was increased as a consequence of higher employment, the expansion of domestic credit to consumers and government social welfare programs.
You know, a loss for words plays the main role here.
In 1974 the college went bankrupt due to poor fiscal management and the loss of anticipated donor funds.
The League also took a leading part in other campaigns, for example, monitoring submarine activity in the Irish Sea where they refused to surface, snaring fishing nets and causing the loss of boats and lives.
Coming off of a disappointing five-round decision loss to Tito Ortiz at UFC 25: Ultimate Japan, Silva would return to PRIDE to earn the biggest victory of his career to that point over the Lion's Den's Guy Mezger.
September 20 – The Pittsburgh Pirates defeat the New York Mets 6–2 at Three Rivers Stadium, giving the Mets their first 100 loss season since .
Valor and the loss of Snapper's hands
The subsequent screenplay concentrated on the newly discovered problems of flying at supersonic speeds and is also loosely based on the real-life story of aircraft designer Geoffrey de Havilland and the loss of his son.
Rats also swam to one breeding island in April 2005, but were successfully eradicated within two weeks without loss to the Cahows.
However, the service still operated at a $5 million annual loss to the MBTA and carried a relatively small percentage of passengers, which resulted in calls for its discontinuance or modification.
In 2004, the story of DeVita's life, illness, death, and the lasting impact of these events on his family was examined in a memoir by his younger sister Elizabeth DeVita-Raeburn, titled The Empty Room: Surviving the Loss of a Brother or Sister at Any Age.
Some experience only partial loss, while others become profoundly deaf.
(2014), Detailed ice loss pattern in the northern Antarctic Peninsula : widespread decline driven by ice front retreats,  The cryosphere., 8 (6).
It can autotomize its tail but this is met with a social cost - tail loss decreases social standing and mating ability.
Suspecting Milhouse, he blames the loss on a mysterious island "monster", which does not hold water with most of the kids.
At Wimbledon, Ferrer suffered another third-round loss in a Grand Slam, this time falling to Czech Radek Štěpánek in five sets.
Male rabbits showed a loss of coordination and equilibrium after exposure to 400 ppm of 2-butoxyethanol for two days.
During  this time period, 2009–2015 the combined varsity boys and girls track teams had an overall win loss record of 84–4 with the boys at 42–0.
Alport syndrome – defects in collagen (type IV), found in the renal basement membrane, inner ear and eyes, leading to glomerulonephritis, hearing loss, and eye disease, respectively.
Despite the loss, Bada continued performances for the musical until its final run and famously sang Secret Garden's "You Raise Me Up" on KBS's Open Music Concert just two days after her mother's death.
Morley played for the Roosters as a  in their 2004 NRL Grand Final loss to cross-Sydney rivals, the Bulldogs.
Amerada Hess struggled through the following years, and in 2002 posted a US$218 million loss due primarily to a US$530 million charge relating to its write-down of the Ceiba oil field.
In Week 3, Winfield collected a season-high nine combined tackles during a 28–23 loss at the Denver Broncos in Week 3.
Since the Dow hit the first trading curb at 350 points, its loss was only 4.54%.
Melem can be polymerized by condensation with loss of , so that the heptazine cores are linked through amine (NH) bridges.
Is eliminated with a loss AND one upset, at least, in remaining qualifying finals.
T&E has published a number of reports exposing the true cost of the EU's disastrous biofuels policy which is responsible for widespread deforestation and habitat loss.
The Confederate loss in the engagement was 1 captain and 5 men killed, 3 severely and 1 slightly wounded, and 1 missing.
In 1902, Nolan coached the Army football team to a record of 6 wins, 1 loss and 1 draw.
In the modern French , the circumflex (â) merely represents the loss of the 's' over time.
Contracts under common law require there to have been some attempt to create an equal or reasonably proportionate quota between the damages made and the actual loss.
They were opposed by Allied air attacks until darkness fell and again in the morning, for the loss of one transport ship.
Scott answered a question about the loss of the North Complex by saying that in terms of the original mission objectives, the North Complex was not even mentioned and was only added later.
They also monitor the pool’s performance and update ratings for investors based on performance, delinquency and potential loss events affecting the loans within the trust.
His initial run as a singles wrestler was not very successful, illustrated by the 24 second loss to Jimmy Valiant at the AWA PPV SuperClash III.
There is a fine line between repetitive remanufacturing without loss of identity and product overhaul.
His next start came in New York City, and produced similar results, which resulted in his third loss.
Following his title loss to Naomichi Marufuji, Akiyama made good his promise to Tsuyoshi Kikuchi, going back to wearing blue trunks, and wrestling mainly in the undercard.
On February 5, 2016, Williams scored a season-high 27 points in a 98–95 loss to the Miami Heat.
Many factors are cited for this failure, but the largest single reason was the loss of its main distributor following 9/11 (a difficult time for the entire tabletop game market).
The division also provides administrative support to the Employees' Compensation Assessment Board which assess the percentage of permanent loss of earning capacity suffered by injured employees.
The hypothesis that the gulls were responsible for the loss of the terns is unfounded.
Mass loss increases as the mass decreases, the luminosity increases, and more fusion products are dredged up to the surface.
There, he teamed up with Roy Makaay, but never fully adapted to La Liga, netting only once in his final season – which ended in relegation– in a 1–2 home loss to Deportivo Alavés.
Sabu returned, and after his loss to Justin Credible at Anarchy Rulz 1999, Sabu started to attack Van Dam because he was still jealous that Van Dam was the ECW World Television Champion, and they would face each other at Guilty as Charged 2000.
The loss incurred by the use of these financial instruments reached the amount of $2 billion and was caused by being too highly leveraged for rising federal interest rates.
He set up the opening goal for Bayern teammate Michael Ballack in Germany's 2–1 loss against the Czech Republic.
Robson is unnerved by the loss of contact with gas drilling Rig D at sea, plus an unexplained drop in the feed line from the rigs.
Pressel won the 12th hole but a slow play penalty resulted in the loss of the hole instead.
Similarly, a game that lets a player disconnect immediately with no consequences may let players exit a game without suffering a loss.
By the end of the 1970s, nearly a million people had left, a population loss that would not be recouped for another twenty years.
Peralta had one loss and two draws in his next three fights, but then he returned to winning, when he avenged his defeat against Ignacio by knocking him out in three rounds, August 23 in Brazil.
The Okarito kiwi is currently classified as Vulnerable by the IUCN due to habitat loss and predation by introduced stoats.
The climate system exhibits threshold behaviour or tipping points when these feedbacks lead parts of the Earth system into a new state, such as the runaway loss of ice sheets or the destruction of too many forests.
The loss of inventory was extensive enough that U.S. markets faced real shortages of supply.
This disdain for the sports press came about due to an early incident in his NFL career, after comments made by Zimmerman condemning the Vikings offensive players for a loss were made public by the media.
Rascal chronicles young Sterling's loving yet distant relationship with his father, dreamer David Willard North, and the aching loss represented by the death of his mother, Elizabeth Nelson North.
Because of the loss to Washington, Warner's team was not invited to the Rose Bowl.
This allows the received signals to be sent over a length of cable that would otherwise have unacceptable signal loss at the original reception frequency.
Kozelek's lyrics focus on themes of pain, desolation and loss, while musically the album runs from the folk-pop of "Grace Cathedral Park" to the shoegaze of "Mistress" to the stark "New Jersey" and onto the soundscapes of "Funhouse" and "Mother".
The warfare between the Reds and Whites took major attention and energy of the Red leadership, and the situation wasn't alleviated by the loss of many strategically important sites, such as Tampere, to the Whites.
Her worst finish there was a quarterfinal loss in 1927 at age 43.
The Cardinals returned to the championship game in 1948, and this time were shutout by the Eagles for a 7–0 loss.
In Week 15, Collins made a season-high 12 combined tackles (11 solo) and a pass deflection in a 48–3 loss at the Baltimore Ravens.
On January 10, 2018, he recorded his first triple-double in six years with 16 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists in a 122–119 double overtime loss to the Chicago Bulls.
Five weeks later in a 63-34 loss to the Georgia Force, Marshall returned eights kickoffs for 116 yards and had 3 receptions for 24 yards.
The Arkwright Society, also concerned about the loss of the painting, took an active part in this campaign and the picture eventually remained in England.
Brett went 1-for-1 in a 5-2 Kansas City loss to Cleveland.
Apart from the frequent mistakes and inconsistencies of Tolomei's toponymy, its main fault is the loss of historical information contained in the historically grown geographical names, an effect which was fully intended by Tolomei.
There, Joe Ruttman won the race but controversy erupted when Rich Bickle blamed a loss of a top-ten finish on rookie Boris Said.
A 72–62 loss to top-seeded Duke ended their tournament run, but capped a solid first season for coach Weber.
He also pitched three complete games in 2007, but his first one of the season was his third career complete-game loss, on April 25.
This thrust imbalance causes several negative effects in addition to the loss of one engine's thrust.
Although no official records are kept and there are various scales to measure the extent of vision loss, published reports in 1998 indicated Cordes was only the second blind person ever admitted to a U.S. medical school.
White Star's flagship would also be out of action during the extensive repairs, and the Titanics completion date, which was already behind schedule due to Olympics return to the yard after her loss of a propeller blade, would have to be delayed.
The report attributed her loss in popularity, in large part, to a state-wide nine-day, teacher's strike in April 2018.
Santana and Lleyton Hewitt are the only Wimbledon men's singles champions to lose in the first round in the following year; Hewitt's loss was to Ivo Karlović in 2003 during the Open era, while Santana's was to fellow latino from Puerto Rico and U.S. No.
The Swedish defender also played a full match in a 2–0 win over Cyprus on 8 February, but did not play in a 1–1 draw and subsequent penalty shootout loss against Ukraine.
 Democratic: 2-seat net loss
However, the growth of Tweed Heads and other coastal communities, as well as the concurrent loss of its more rural territory, has seen it become an increasingly urban seat since the 1980s.
In addition, real estate development often causes habitat loss by eliminating nesting beaches.
On 1 November, Messi scored his 54th Champions League group stage goal in Barcelona's 3–1 away loss to Manchester City, surpassing the previous record of 53 goals held by Raúl.
The closed tube stays clean, and the primary is protected, at the cost of some loss of light-gathering power.
in fog) is measured and is inversely proportional to the visibility (the greater the loss, the lower is the visibility).
However, by February 1926 the brothers' radio business had failed, and the studio suffered a net loss of $333,413.
The men refused to work unless there was extra rations to compensate for the loss of the sweet potatoes.
The more abrupt the deformation, the narrower the defect edge extension, the greater the loss in reflectivity.
The joint venture had incurred a net loss of  in two years of its operation.
Thus, the gradual loss of fish passage through the numerous dams, weirs, locks, and other barriers (estimated at 4,000 in the Murray-Darling system) now present has had severe impacts on the species.
The theme the band decided on was to be on war, violence, fear, greed, ignorance, or loss, and everybody had to bring two or three songs written by other people.
This loss in membership, combined with the legal costs associated with the lawsuits and legal proceedings, placed the organization into financial difficulties including a $2.1 million deficit in 2019.
The 1996 elections had a massive loss of votes of the two major parties (SPÖ and ÖVP) and electoral gains of the small parties: FPÖ, the Greens, and Liberal Forum (LIF).
He pitched the final two innings of a blowout, allowing four runs on four hits with a strikeout and two home runs (by Andre Dawson and Tim Wallach) allowed in a 12–2 loss.
Leber congenital amaurosis can cause total blindness or severe sight loss from birth or early childhood.
 Republican: 2 seat loss
On 11 February 2012, Ottl received a straight red card in a 5–0 loss against Stuttgart.
The sudden loss of Ticknor was devastating to the already failing health of Hawthorne, who would die about a month later on May 19.
Since the San Joaquin Valley fell under heavy agricultural cultivation, habitat loss combined with rodenticide use has reduced the squirrels numbers enough that it is now listed as a threatened species.
Adding to her stress, she miscarried on 11 September 1876, and was weakened by loss of blood.
Since that loss he has adopted a Gibson SG for his live shows.
| 2008-02-02 || Loss ||align=left| Buakaw Por.
Smith reported apparent unrecoverable loss of engine power whilst circling to reconnoitre an unfamiliar landing site.
When excessive sodium reabsorption occurs, there is an increasing loss of K+ in the urine and can lead to clinically significant decreases, termed hypokalemia.
In a sample of 15 P. robustus specimens, all of them exhibited mild to moderate alveolar bone loss resulting from periodontal disease (the wearing away of the bone which supports the teeth due to gum disease).
However, he later claimed in a WWE DVD release that the manner of his loss was accidental, as he submitted early to the toehold believing that the match was a two out of three falls encounter.
On January 10, 2016, he had a season-high 13 assists in a 107–103 overtime loss to the Houston Rockets.
After the dissolution of Abingdon Abbey in 1538, the school passed through a difficult phase: the sixteenth century endowments by Old Abingdonians attempted to overcome the loss of monastic support.
These LOSs are positive by ISH for TSV.
Craig responded that a third option would be for Northern Ireland to be a Dominion in parallel with Southern Ireland and the "Overseas Dominions", saying "while Northern Ireland would deplore any loosening of the tie between Great Britain and herself she would regard the loss of representation at Westminster as a less evil than inclusion in an all-Ireland Parliament".
After the family returned to the United States in 1860, Nathaniel considered moving to Boston, noting, "I am really at a loss to imagine how we are to squeeze ourselves into that little old cottage of mine."
Land reclamation, vessel traffic and construction results in the degradation of the snubfin's natural habitat through increased noise, lower water quality and a reduction in food supply, in addition to direct loss of habitat areas due to land reclamation.
This recolonization involves maintaining woodland ride areas to minimize loss of vegetation and dispersing the butterflies strategically into woodland ride areas in Britain.
Excessive use of finisher also cause loss in momentum.
Creating a LLC for each location is becoming a common scenario to prevent loss in that if one theater location goes bankrupt then it will not cause the entire chain to go bankrupt.
The parameter that describes to what degree a material is a conductor or insulator is known as , or the loss tangent, given by 
On October 16, Bernier scored his first goal for the club in a 3–2 loss to Silkeborg IF.
The 39th Krajina Division then ordered the 13th Krajina Brigade to block the road from Čađavica to Ključ to prevent the loss of Ključ, but only one battalion of the brigade managed to reach that position by dawn on 26 May.
The name change did not result from a deviation in the platform or structure of the KPNLF, with the exception of the loss of the KPNLAF and the previously mentioned Sutsakhan breakaway party.
The pudding made in 1992 was entered into the Guinness Book of Records as the largest, but the festival itself was run at a loss.
The loss of key players through roster changes and a series of injuries increased pressure on an already struggling team saw Lightning finish the season in 7th place, their lowest ever position.
Although upset by the loss, the ISES Performance Group, Inc. and Stremme had gained the respect of the Hansen Group.
His team reached the quarter-finals before an 8–0 aggregate loss to Palmeiras.
 Loss of 5% or more of pre-pregnancy body weight
The preceding week had seen both Cohen's death and Clinton's loss to Donald Trump in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Several scholars and authors have blamed Creutz for the loss of his ship, and he has been criticized as an incompetent sailor and officer who through lack of naval experience  brought about the sinking.
Juvenile NCL (JNCL, Batten disease, or Spielmeyer-Vogt), with a prevalence of one in 100,000, usually arises between 4 and 10 years of age; the first symptoms include considerable vision loss due to retinal dystrophy, with seizures, psychological degeneration, and eventual death in the mid- to late 20s or 30s ensuing.
Diminishing convection and loss of its eye caused Lane to weaken to a tropical storm on September 27, and into a depression on September 28.
He is able to direct his underlings to deal with any sword fight or melee minigames without loss of honor: the focus is on the size of the player's army and mastery of the battlefield tactics.
It has been known to debut with hiccups, loss of taste, lack of fever, pain while swallowing, cough and urinary discomfort.
For example, it has been reported that loss of sialic acid has been identified in papers when dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHB) has been used as a matrix for MALDI MS analysis of glycosylated peptides.
If these buffers are not preserved, the land loss rates around Lakes Pontchartrain and Maurepas will increase dramatically.
The Mississippi River took thousands of years to build its delta, but land loss is occurring at a much faster pace.
He made his MLB debut on April 18, 1972, at the age of 24, giving up four earned runs and striking out one over 1 inning before being charged with the 4–2 loss to the Boston Red Sox.
Thirty-Nine Years of Short-Term Memory Loss (2009; )
The latter has been declining in many European countries, due to habitat loss.
Eloquent cortex is a name used by neurologists for areas of cortex that—if removed—will result in loss of sensory processing or linguistic ability, or paralysis.
On December 4, 2006, Allen scored a season-high of 20 points during a loss to the Chicago Bulls.
The five key areas are: understanding the dying process, decision making for end of life, loss, grief, and bereavement, assessment and intervention, and traumatic death.
Following the initial synthesis of phosphaethyne, it was realized that the same compound can be prepared more expeditiously via the flash pyrolysis of methyldichlorophosphine (CH3PCl2), resulting in the loss of two equivalents of hydrogen chloride.
The loss of their mother shattered Juan's relationship with them.
It can also cause high temperature and loss of appetite.
He regained his starting job in Week 14, and started the final four games of the season as well as the Patriots' playoff loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Unlike his mainstream counterpart who retains his injured eye despite being legally blind in it with a 95% vision loss, Fury has actually lost his left eye.
Turn!, the album was made under trying circumstances, with the band scrambling to compensate for the loss of their main songwriter in the wake of Clark's departure.
After the implosion of Fire and Ice, Ice Train returned to singles competition in a loss to Diamond Dallas Page on the November 4, 1996 edition of Nitro and lost a rematch to Page on the following week's edition of Nitro.
The subsequently well-documented syndrome among Holocaust survivors includes anxiety and depression, intellectual impairment, social withdrawal, sleep disturbance and nightmares, physical complaints and mood swings with loss of drive.
Combi's first match for the Italy national team was in Budapest, at the age of 21, on 6 April 1924 in a 7–1 loss against Hungary.
In 1988 they were promoted again for another cameo appearance, as the side went on to finish dead last with eighteen points, dropping down a category alongside Real Murcia, who they trailed by nine points; the last match for years in the category was a 1–3 away loss against Real Zaragoza, the goal coming courtesy of Alfonso Fernández.
He led a supporting naval force of 31 destroyers and two cruisers at the Battle of Heligoland Bight in August 1914, in which action the 1st Battlecruiser Squadron under Sir David Beatty sank three German cruisers and one German destroyer with minimal loss of allied warships.
On the one hand, the program covers workers displaced by any reason, not just trade, who suffer an earning loss after reemployment.
Upon Joan's martyrdom on 30 May 1431, when she was burnt at the stake by the English at Rouen, Alençon was one of the people most devastated by the loss.
Halla defeated High1 in four games after a loss on home ice.
The Mint's action cost suppliers of silver about one percent of their deposit; the largest depositor, John Vaughan, reckoned his loss at $2,260.
It is also durable enough to withstand rough handling in transit; these properties have also led to its use for temporary protection as wet covering to prevent rapid moisture loss in the setting of cement and concrete in the construction industry.
FA Cup first round appearances followed in 2006–07 (a 3–1 defeat by Barnet) and 2007–08 (a 6–0 loss at home to Hartlepool United).
His final game for Caley Thistle came four days later in a 1–0 loss to St Mirren.
1 Arizona Wildcats in an 18-strikeout, three-hit shutout to hand them their first loss.
They suffered a 105-96 loss in the Semi-Finals of the International Basketball League Playoffs.
Given the relative lack of blameworthiness of a non-fraudulent defendant (who is at worst merely careless, and at best may honestly "believe on reasonable grounds" that he told the truth) for many years lawyers presumed that for these two categories, damages would be on a contract/tort basis requiring reasonable foreseeability of loss.
Immediate untreated crush syndrome death is caused by severe head injury, torso injury with damaged abdominal organs, and asphyxia (excessive loss of oxygen).
Species endangered by habitat loss
 Loss Exchange Ratio, a military calculation of comparative casualties of war
Despite the Series loss, the Red Sox were the toasts of New England; Williams was named Major League Manager of the Year by The Sporting News and signed to a new three-year contract.
After the invasion and annexation of the territory by the United States a few years before Stejneger and numerous other Americans were able to collect on the island, there was a subsequent economic decline due of the loss of traditional agricultural markets for sugar, and much of the forests have regrown on the island.
It had been a costly victory for Theodosius and a total loss for Eugenius.
 Avulsion (legal term), the sudden loss of land by the action of water
His loss is keenly felt by all his colleagues.
The loss of water from evaporation was far less than what it would have been with no condenser at all.
In 2015 Sydney Olympic again made it to the Round of 16 stage of the FFA Cup, but were disappointingly eliminated following a 3–1 loss to Hume City FC.
Threats to this species include loss of habitat to logging and draining and conversion to urban use, alteration of the local hydrology by placement of dams and dikes, deposition of silt, livestock activity, introduced species of plants, low genetic diversity, and climate change.
Ibn Baz defended his decision to endorse the Oslo Accords by citing the Treaty of Hudaybiyyah, saying that a peace treaty with non-Muslims has historical precedent if it can avoid the loss of life.
The slabs are finished (i.e., polished, honed), then sealed with resin to fill micro-fissures and surface imperfections typically due to the loss of poorly bonded elements such as biotite.
Wary of the loss of credibility Altered Images had suffered due to buckling to CBS' demands on packaging, the Chameleons were protective of their image and consequently were dropped by the label soon after the release of "In Shreds".
The investigation team found and reported that the probable cause of the accident was that during launch, a piece of foam debris punctured an RCC panel on the left wing's leading edge and allowed hot gases from the reentry to enter the wing and disintegrate the wing from within, leading to eventual loss of control and breakup of the shuttle.
Several different rudders were used, with early examples having a round outline, intermediate examples having a square bottom on the rudder (Harvard I) and late examples using the triangular rudder of the AT-6 series, due to a loss of control at high angles of attack with the early types.
The NTSB also determined that First Officer Bruecher's poor performance during takeoff had likely contributed to his loss of control of the airplane.
To balance the charge loss, the excess negative charge is neutralized electrochemically at the emitter.
It is the only best and sound method to estimate the energy loss in human made open channels.
Not long after the merger, the new company MIL Davie Shipbuilding closed the Sorel shipyard (in 1988) along with the Versatile Vickers shipyard in Montreal, resulting in a total loss of 1,700 jobs.
The loss, should we be Shipwrack'd, were not small.
In 1988, Unión achieved the runner-up of the Copa Chile, after of loss against Colo-Colo.
This is a contrast to Rutherford scattering, which is elastic: no loss of kinetic energy.
Also McNaughton had captained the side for the first time in their 3–0 loss to Reading in their play-off second leg, on 17 May.
Wind chill watch (NPW) – Extreme wind chills that are capable of causing life-threatening medical conditions associated with accelerated heat loss from exposed skin are possible within the next 12 to 48 hours; the apparent temperature and wind speed criteria vary significantly over different county warning areas.
On July 6, 2012, Howard was activated for his first game of the 2012 season, in which he went 2-for-4 with a double in a 5–0 Phillies loss.
In 1901 Zitkala-Ša was dismissed, likely for an article she had published in Harper's Monthly describing the profound loss of identity felt by a Native American boy after being given an assimilationist education at Carlisle.
He promptly concentrated the Europeans in the workshops, and though the native sappers deserted, his forethought prevented any loss of life.
In May 2013, Muñoz played his first league final with América, conceding the only goal in the 0–1 first-leg loss to Cruz Azul.
Pyrolysis of alkyl methyl sulfoxides results in loss of methylsulfenic acid, giving the vinyl derivative:
In the next game, he scored his first goal, in a 2–1 loss against Boulogne.
Both King Henry VIII and Pope Leo X tried to take advantage of the vacuum created by the loss of so many of the Scottish ruling class.
  – built by Dundee Shipbuilding, launched 1919, bombed by Italian aircraft off Valletta 30 April 1941, then 4 May 1941, written off as constructive total loss
On June 4 he sustained his first loss, falling to Denny Brown at a house show in Raleigh, NC.
In his book Psychedelia and Other Colours, Rob Chapman writes that further to the devotional and exotic "Within You Without You", "It's All Too Much" blends "physical love, ego loss and spiritual oneness as well as any song the Beatles recorded during their psychedelic phase".
British planes attacked and sank the ship, with some loss of life.
The Giants faced the New York Yankees in the 1951 World Series, and Maglie started Game 4 but took the loss after giving up four runs in five innings, including a fifth-inning home run to Joe DiMaggio that reporter James Hirsch called "the turning point of the game."
Christa L. Titus of Billboard lauded the song for its absence of schmaltz factor, "only a potent, pained, grown-up anthem of gross betrayal and loss."
The Vols suffered their first setback against Georgia in the next game, a 26–24 loss.
The power of Li Jue and Guo Si had greatly diminished resulting from previous infighting and the loss of Emperor Xian.
Other symptoms include lack of appetite, fever, weight loss, jaundice, and diarrhea.
He made his debut on 5 June 1960 in a 1–0 home loss against Lokomotiv Sofia, coming on as a second-half substitute.
At the end of 1833, the state-built Philadelphia and Columbia Railroad, part of the Main Line of Public Works, opened for travel to the west, built to avoid loss of travel through Pennsylvania due to projects such as the Erie Canal.
As a result of the loss of the sponsor, the organization announced that the car would move to a part-time schedule for the 2009 season.
The shop owners lamented the high rent levels elsewhere, the cost of relocation, the emotional attachment they held to the longstanding marketplace and the loss of their customer base.
Stress: various studies have demonstrated that individuals under psychological, ongoing chronic stress are more likely to have clinical attachment loss and decreased levels of alveolar bone due to periodontal destruction.
The final hydrogue assault on Earth is put in motion, and with the Hansa's loss of military might and allies, the outlook is grim.
Perforation into the duodenum:  Resulting in severe diarrhea and weight loss.
The loss of Cuba and the Philippines benefited the Peninsula by causing capital to return and to be invested in updated domestic industries.
With his third straight loss under the PRIDE FC banner, Kerr quit PRIDE.
However, his essay on "Utopia" does envision a loss of both utopian and ideological vision.
Following this loss of patronage, Sringeri matha had to find others means to propagate it's former status, and the story of Shankara establishing the four cardinal mathas may have originated in the 16th century.
In a journal article titled “Although Adolescence Need Not be Violent..,” scholars Mark A. Lewis and Robert Petrone comment on the novel's ability to portray loss in a format relatable to high-school readers.
He scored once during his spell at Colchester; in a 3–2 loss to Burnley.
They go to Dill with their news and make amends with him, also learning that he made bad decisions only because of the visions he was having and that he feels incredibly guilty over the loss of men under his command during the escape.
It is important to keep in mind that while most of the RNY patients drop the weight faster in the beginning, some studies have found that LAGB patients will have the same percentage of excess weight loss and comparable ability to keep it off after only a couple of years.
According to Prosper of Aquitaine, "After the loss of his office, Aetius lived on his estate.
She reached the final but lost to Angelique Kerber, her first loss at the tournament since the start in 2010.
As they had the previous two years, Illinois started off the season with a loss to Missouri, but this time, the result was far more lopsided than the previous affairs; Missouri won 39–7.
He scored his first league goal in a Cardiff shirt in the Severnside derby on 25 August in a 4–2 loss.
Other sources of habitat loss include mining pollution, small-scale farming, and dam construction leading to water flow changes.
In 1990, they began work on a new album entitled Out Of This World, but the project was halted after the release of the first single "Your Loss, My Gain" due to 'musical differences'.
After Denmark's loss of Norway to Sweden, he attended the Meeting of Notables in Eidsvoll on 16 February 1814.
The loss made Kingman the first 20-game loser in the majors since Dolf Luque of the Cincinnati reds in 1922.
Some of the symptoms that can occur with metabolic disorders are lethargy, weight loss, jaundice and seizures.
The Pluton was a total loss.
Though variable, symptoms can also include these clinical signs: headache, weakness, arthralgia, depression, weight loss, fatigue, and liver dysfunction.
He scored his first goal for the club in an incredible 7–5 home loss in the first round of the 2012–13 Ramsden's Cup against Arbroath.
Herbert Roesch, did his utmost to prevent the loss of the destroyer as the heavy seas broke over her and Honda’s rocks pushed into her hull, but the ship was taken by currents and drifted slowly astern, coming to a stop stern-high on a clump of rocks with a 25° list to starboard.
The courts have long held equitable jurisdiction to set aside "harsh and unconscionable bargains", but prior to the Consumer Credit Act this was mainly used in cases where uninformed tradespeople have been selling goods at a loss, and was rarely used in the 20th century.
In the past, nandrolone decanoate has also been indicated and used for a variety of other conditions and situations including pre- and postoperative use for increasing lean mass, treating weight loss due to convalescence or disease, geriatric states (e.g., general weakness, fatigue), burns, severe trauma, ulcers, and selected cases of growth failure in children.
Other characters can stop this loss of life through a successful heal check.
More common terms today with major retailers are loss prevention agent, detective or investigator and asset protection officer.
Following the loss of the vote in Parliament, the FBU called a further strike in February 2015.
After the loss of Russia at the Pruth River Campaign, the fortress again became the key place of Southern frontier.
Patients may suffer a loss of sense of smell (anosmia); this is unrelated to the severity of the envenoming and can be temporary or permanent.
With the Spanish American wars of independence resulting in the loss of Spain's colonies in the Americas, the Spanish government quickly lost its position of pre-eminence amongst the Western powers.
In the wake of the crash of Air France Flight 447 in 2009, there was discussion about making ACARS an "online-black-box" to reduce the effects of the loss of a flight recorder.
She suffered a second loss at age 9, when her stepfather (whom she later described as "my dearest person in the world next to mother") died from influenza.
But on the next play, Starr was sacked for an 8-yard loss by linebacker Dave Edwards.
On July 31, he and José both hit home runs against Randy Johnson in an 8–7 loss to the Yankees.
 causing loss of or damage to property,
The utility and naturalness of the representations by Einstein and Minkowski contributed to the rapid acceptance of special relativity, and to the corresponding loss of interest in Lorentz's aether theory.
The Battle of Deorham between the Britons and Anglo-Saxons is thought to have resulted in a loss of landlinks with the people of Wales.
Following Russia's loss of the traditionally popular resorts of the Crimea (transferred away from the Russian SFSR to the Ukrainian SSR in 1954 by Nikita Khrushchev), Sochi emerged as the unofficial summer capital of the country.
The ridership was no longer enough for to cover operating expenses and in 1971 it posted its first-ever loss.
They have an insidious onset of cough, progressive dyspnea, fatigue, and weight loss.
Notably, he scored the final goal in the last game that the Hartford Whalers played in on April 13, 1997, scoring the only goal for the Lightning in a 2–1 loss.
In the 1943 series for the NAL pennant against Birmingham, he batted .143 in two games in the loss.
He made his debut on September 30 as a substitute in a Champions League loss to Zürich at San Siro.
The Spanish introduced the Latin script, which was then used to record a large body of Aztec prose and poetry, which somewhat diminished the devastating loss caused by the burning of thousands of Aztec codices by the Spanish authorities.
Without loss of generality, these axis planes may be chosen to be the - and -planes of a Cartesian coordinate system, allowing a simpler visualization of the rotation.
The owners of Cinque Ports subsequently took legal action against Dampier over the loss of their ship.
In 2003 they released a CD titled "Ohh La La" with one music disc and one CD-ROM story disc (some of which were defective) called Ohh La La: A Tale of Love, Loss, Rock and Roll by Sam Magavern.
On August 21, 2017, the US Navy destroyer USS John S. McCain collided with a commercial tanker in the Strait of Malacca, resulting in the loss of life of ten crew members.
Aerts was given the chance to avenge this loss at K-1 Revenge '96 four months later, on September 1, 1996 when the rubber match was made between the pair.
| 2003-12-06 || Loss ||align=left| Musashi || K-1 World Grand Prix 2003, Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (majority) || 3 || 3:00 || 80-21-1
The program was initiated following loss of Space Shuttle Columbia in 2003.
He made his debut the following day when he came on as a 73rd-minute substitute for Richie Smallwood in the home 0–1 loss to Derby County.
The death of this brave young man in Iraq is an irretrievable loss to both his family and the whole of Estonia.
They avoided detection, destroyed up to 40 German aircraft and escaped with the loss of only three jeeps and two men killed.
During a week 15 loss to the Eagles, he recorded three tackles (two solo).
The switch to the cattle industry also disrupted the native economy, as the colonists' cattle ate the unfenced lands of the Nipmuc and the courts did not always side with the Native Americans, but the Native Americans rapidly adopted the husbandry of swine since the changes in economy and loss of remaining pristine lands reduced ability to hunt and fish.
On September 23, 2007, Wilson recorded a season-high 12 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 26–23 loss at the Baltimore Ravens in Week 3.
Founded in 1918 as the Canadian National Institute for the Blind () to assist soldiers who had been blinded in the First World War, CNIB originally offered sheltered care and specialized employment to people with vision loss.
Energy loss of particles in target materials is evaluated by assuming that the target sample is laterally uniform and constituted by a mono isotopic element.
The Kingdom of Great Britain was by then at war with the Kingdom of Spain and the French First Republic in the Napoleonic Wars, and was seeking to expand its influence in South America since the loss of the Thirteen Colonies of North America, which had become independent some time before.
When mustard oil is adulterated deliberately (as in most cases) or accidentally with argemone oil, proteinuria (specifically loss of albumin) occurs, with a resultant edema as would occur in nephrotic syndrome.
Osaka had a net loss of nearly 36,000 in the same year.
In 1960, he had a two-fight tour in Venezuela, winning one by knockout, and then having his winning streak interrupted with a seven-round knockout loss at the hands of Carlos Hernández.
At the age of 13, Brooks suffered a loss of confidence.
LeRoux qualified to train in the Power Plant, meeting the arduous physical qualifications, and trained throughout 1998, with his first match being a loss to Perry Saturn in mid-1998.
During the war Itala built aeroplane engines but made a loss producing them.
The outer "skin" of the lichen, the cortex, is composed of closely packed fungal hyphae and serves to protect the thallus from water loss due to evaporation as well as harmful effects of high levels of irradiation.
Raiola said after the game that he tried to cut-block Moore on the Lions' final offensive snap as retaliation for the score, which resulted in an even more lopsided 34–9 loss for Detroit.
On the other hand, loss of function mutations need to happen in both copies of a tumor suppressor gene to render that gene completely non-functional.
It is used to prevent bone loss, and treat osteoporosis.
If a hypnotist succeeds in blotting out all earlier reminiscences, he writes, there would be no loss of personal existence — "Nor will there ever be."
After leading Miami to a last-minute touchdown to cut Washington's lead to 17–16, he attempted a two-point conversion pass to Kenyan Drake, who dropped it, sealing the loss for Miami.
However, if the market price decreases, they will likely be able to sell to the limit order trader, for only a one cent loss.
An early loss in the Big 12 Tournament resulted in the Bears failing to get an invitation to the NCAA Tournament.
The 1989 expulsion of Turks from Bulgaria caused a significant drop in agricultural production in the southern regions due to the loss of around 300,000 workers.
In theoretical production ecology and aquaculture, it typically refers to respiration per unit of time (usually loss of biomass by respiration per unit of weight), also referred to as relative respiration rate.
But with the loss of her income, the household comes to the brink of starvation before Ryuzo realises that he cannot let his pride get in the way of supporting his family.
Having lost control of the Northern Desert and the Euphrates Province and being threatened with the imminent loss of Beirut, General Dentz decided to ask for an armistice.
The FSA forced Coutts to compensate all customers who suffered a loss as a result of its failings in selling the AIG Life Premier Bonds.
The most tragic loss to our community was the brutal execution of four of our adherents, at our places of worship, three in Mdantsane and one in Umtata.
The loss led to the resignation of Heinäluoma as the party chairman.
Allocation can act as a means of addressing concerns over loss of competitiveness, and possible "leakage" (carbon leakage) of emissions outside the EU.
α-Pinene and β-pinene are both produced from geranyl pyrophosphate, via cyclisation of linaloyl pyrophosphate followed by loss of a proton from the carbocation equivalent.
In 2007, this kind of erroneous procedure caused an explosion of a -reactor used to metalate methylcyclopentadiene with metallic sodium, causing the loss of four lives and parts of the reactor being flung  away.
On his first play, he tackled Chris Warren for a 5-yard loss.
An Italian woman's marriage to an alien, or her husband's loss of Italian citizenship, has not caused the woman's Italian citizenship to change if the marriage or husband's naturalisation came on or after 1 January 1948.
The great reputation that Datames had acquired induced Artaxerxes to direct his utmost exertions to effect his subjection, but Autophradates, who was sent against him with a large army, was obliged to retreat with heavy loss.
It's a massive, massive loss for his community."
The species is threatened by a number of factors, including the disturbance or destruction of roosts, changes in agricultural practices (such as the increased use of insecticides, which reduce prey availability) and the loss of suitable foraging habitats.
They went 39-1 (.975) at home, their lone loss coming on October 30, 1976 against the Boston Bruins.
Chicago actually started the season with a wobble, tying Indiana Invaders 1–1 in their first game, beating Fort Wayne Fever and West Michigan Edge, but then tying 2–2 with league new boys Toronto Lynx, and suffering a 4–0 loss at the hands of Michigan Bucks, the team's worst result in many years.
The nobles had previously been somewhat sympathetic to the cause due to their loss of privileges to the central government.
After an early loss at Kansas, the Lobos won ten straight, later building a 19–3 record and attaining a #10 national ranking, their first appearance in the AP poll.
But its massive budget led to a loss of $1,397,000.
The port suffered a loss of  30 million due to operational halt on 26 and 27 December 2004, during which around 250,000 tonnes of container could not be serviced, with trade of 15 vessels on sail and 10 vessels at berth affected.
By the end of the regular season, their home unbeaten streak had reached 22 games, with their last home loss coming back on June 7, 2003, against the Vermont Voltage.
Loss (leakage) of lead from the sample will result in a discrepancy in the ages determined by each decay scheme.
No definite explanation was ever given but hypotheses include blinding of the pilot by oil from a leaking oil cooler, a heart attack, or loss of consciousness due to the failure of oxygen equipment.
Widen decided to make the immortal protagonist MacLeod relatable by depicting him as someone who experiences emotional loss and loneliness due to his power, falling in love with people and forging friendships but knowing he will eventually outlast and lose them all.
The aircraft experienced a near total failure of the left engine at 500 ft AGL which, combined with the aircraft being in the landing configuration, caused a loss of airspeed resulting in an unrecoverable situation.
Amphibians such as the Columbia spotted frog and the boreal toad are considered species of concern because of their high susceptibility to disease, habitat loss and human introduced toxins.
Essentially, children with aural atresia have hearing loss because the sound cannot travel into the (usually) healthy inner ear—there is no ear canal, no eardrum, and the small ear bones (malleus/hammer, incus/anvil, and stapes/stirrup) are underdeveloped.
Two years later a man called George Green is the chauffeur of a rich American who found the man in Holland suffering from loss of memory after an "accident" and working as a driver.
However, in some industries whose services delivers on a promise, churn is considered as a positive signal, such as the health care services, weight loss services and online dating platforms.
Hanson pitched 8 innings in game 2 of the 1995 ALDS Game 2, receiving the loss in a 4–0 decision.
In 2018, they opened with a 25–17 loss to Tasman, beat Wellington (27–20), Bay of Plenty (19–31), Manawatu (34–23), North Harbour (21–31).
In 1963, Deutsch retired as a training analyst in part due to her husband, Felix's, declining health and memory loss.
An even more devastating loss occurred in May 1843 when Howe married Julia Ward, a woman 18 years his junior.
The novel also deals with blindness and Dick's slide into despair and helplessness due to the loss of his ability to work and the resulting abandonment by Maisie.
It is possible to return to a previous save game state in these games before the death of the character, but require the player to repeat the battle to continue, risking the loss of the same or other characters.
Wade entered military service after the 1942 Rose Bowl loss and the legendary Eddie Cameron filled in for him as head football coach from 1942 to 1945.
The Menace then stepped away from PDL play to host 2nd division AC St. Louis in first round play of the Open Cup, where they suffered a heartbreaking 1–0 loss.
the system was designed to retract the headlight covers following any vacuum loss.
When Ward was brought into the first team, for the 1–3 loss against Reading on 12 March 2005, the club were lying outside the playoff places and looked unlikely to make it back to the Premiership.
Spending a month with the club, he scored his first goal in his fourth appearance – his side's only goal in a 7–1 loss to Ramsgate.
This set Victoria a target of 230, but they reached it for the loss of only one wicket.
The loss meant that the Michigan, who began the season ranked fourth in Associated Press writers' and USA Today coaches’ polls, would finish the year with a record of 7–5 and unranked in both polls.
This reflects the loss in modern standard English of the guttural 'ch' sound (as in Scottish 'loch') which in middle English was represented by 'gh' (as it still is in modern Hiberno-English and Ulster Scots).
A sacrifice could be made to force stalemate or perpetual check, to create a fortress, or otherwise force a draw, or to avoid even greater loss of material.
She was vaporized by a laser beam from that multiple personality leaving behind only a severed hand causing the Beast to mourn the loss of his girlfriend.
 Part 1) River of Loss, Dialogue with Time, Wind of Oblivion
The station as a whole lacks integrity due to the loss of the Platform 1/2 building.
Or repine at the loss of both Bayton and Land?
This may result in absenteeism, poor employee retention and loss of productivity.
The following season started well for Swansea and they made the FA Cup 5th round but after a loss of form, Flynn was replaced by Kenny Jackett.
Before their loss, however, his Pahlavi version was translated into Arabic by Ibn al-Muqaffa under the title of Kalila and Dimna or The Fables of Bidpai and became the greatest prose of Classical Arabic.
It is also employed as a lubricant for nuts and bolts, and is the active ingredient in some "liquid pool covers" (forming a non-volatile surface layer to reduce water evaporation, related latent vaporization heat loss, and thus to retain heat in the pool).
After the Japanese loss of the Philippines, Koiso in turn was replaced by Admiral Kantarō Suzuki.
The following day, Holliday collected his 2,000th career hit versus Kevin Gausman, a first-inning single, in a 5–4 loss to the Orioles.
Manchester City would lose 4–0 to Everton on 15 January 2017; this was Guardiola's biggest ever managerial loss in domestic competition.
The impact was felt through financial 2021 as Village's theme parks operated at a $4.6 million loss over the period.
Sorry for Your Loss (Director 209), Facebook Watch
One such language group contains the Sahaptian languages, which have had a similar loss of laterals.
He was devoted to Charles II, who remarked on his deathbed "I see you love me dying as well as living"; Bruce wrote later of Charles' death that "Thus ended my happy days at a Court, and to this hour I bewail my loss."
NiMH batteries do not have this temperature sensitivity; however, models with NiMH batteries do have a loss in range in cold temperatures, perhaps because of greater rolling resistance in the drive train and tires.
Pre-syncope is the immediate stage before syncope (fainting), particularly in cases of temporary visual field loss (i.e.
The following week, they were eliminated during a 27–13 loss at the Denver Broncos in the AFC Divisional Round.
The entry in the Dictionary of National Biography states "his claim to remembrance rests on his efforts to diminish the loss of life from explosions in collieries.
She blames Mexico's businessmen and the United States for his loss as well as López Obrador's naivete.
Abdallah's loss was controversial due to points judges did not count.
In June 2015, scientists found that the continued up-regulation of HIF-1a via PHD inhibitors regenerates lost or damaged tissue in mammals that have a repair response; and the continued down-regulation of Hif-1a results in healing with a scarring response in mammals with a previous regenerative response to the loss of tissue.
June 30 – In the first game of a 10–9, 10–5 doubleheader loss to the Atlanta Braves, the San Francisco Giants' Willie McCovey hits his 500th career home run, off Braves pitcher Jamie Easterly.
While this defense mechanism can be advantageous, the loss of a tail can also negatively impacts a lizard’s survival and reproduction.
A cone dystrophy is an inherited ocular disorder characterized by the loss of cone cells, the photoreceptors responsible for both central and color vision.
There have also been some markers replaced by new ones because of rectified information, theft, or loss due to war or disasters.
Scamp fired four torpedoes at I-168 at 18:12, sinking her in the Bismarck Sea  off New Hanover Island at  with the loss of all 97 men on board.
During the power loss, some Texans were forced to survive in record freezing temperatures down to .
 Democratic: 3 seat net loss
Even with the loss of the Huskers, KFAB continued to be one of the highest rated stations in the Omaha/Council Bluffs market.
Habitat loss and threats
The penalty for an ineligible receiver who touches a forward pass is a loss of down.
Although the churches have been subsequently restored, the bell-tower remains a major loss sustained by Russian art during the war.
Manipulation of the fracture frequently results in osteonecrosis and the acute loss of articular cartilage (chondrolysis) because of the tenuous nature of the blood supply.
Michigan opposed the 2006 USC Trojans football team in the 2007 Rose Bowl and the offensive line that had surrendered 18 quarterback sacks in the first 12 games, allowed 6 in the 32–18 loss to finish the season 11–2.
They were eliminated with a 2-3 (1-2 away loss and a 1-1 home draw) on aggregate by Romanian Farul Constanţa.
On 20 October 2018, Ramos played his 400th La Liga match for Real Madrid in a 2–1 loss at home to Levante, becoming only the tenth Real Madrid player to reach this milestone.
Gray scored his first goal in 3–1 loss to Reading on 28 August 2009.
Average bone loss of 1–2% was recorded in astronauts on Mir each month.
Hall missed the last second field goal attempt during the September 11, 2006 game vs. the Minnesota Vikings causing his team a loss.
An individual is at an increased risk of dehydration in these instances, as the kidneys will find it more difficult to match fluid loss by reducing urine output (the kidneys must produce at least some urine in order to excrete metabolic waste.)
Before the loss to Bentt, Yagubkin had been victorious over every American heavyweight he encountered during a three-year period.
Reductions in the modulation depth are associated with loss of intelligibility.
In an interview with Inside Soap, the executive producer of EastEnders, Bryan Kirkwood commented: "With the loss of Barbara Windsor, I was keen to find a new matriarch for the show, and Ann Mitchell is a dream booking.
Gameplay is nearly identical to the original game: players must control either Bub or Bob through 100 single-screen levels, in which they must defeat a certain number of enemies in order to proceed; being hit by an enemy results in a loss of a life.
Knowledge preventing loss of funds, such as that a particular idea does not work, is valuable and as such qualifies for trade secret protection.
This was done to ensure that there was no loss of face to either party.
Recently Parkes's work has focused on traumatic bereavements (with special reference to violent deaths and the cycle of violence) and on the childhood roots of psychiatric problems that can follow the loss of attachments in adult life.
They analyzed policy-effects for specific regions or nations such as reduction of meat production and consumption, reductions in food waste and loss, increases in crop yields and international land-use planning.
After the 2008–09 season, the club were relegated to League One, only to win the league at the first time of asking despite an opening day 7–1 record league loss to Colchester United.
On 9 March 2018, in a match against Freiburg, Ibisevic scored an own goal, resulting in the 2–1 loss away from home.
On April 3, 2008, he recorded a career-high 13 rebounds in a 110–98 loss to the Sacramento Kings.
August 17 – Billy Williams collects the 2,000th hit of his career in a 5–4 loss to the Atlanta Braves in Atlanta.
In her first match against Schiavone, she avenged her Roland Garros final loss to the Italian by defeating her in straight sets, coming back from a 0–4 deficit in the first set.
The loss meant, Stosur would drop out of the top 15 in the world rankings, and also meant that in 2013 she failed to reach the fourth round in any Grand Slam tournament.
Its loss rate was thus less than one-tenth of its opponents, although it also suffered 19 wounded in action.
The ARE control system could automatically scram the reactor based on high neutron flux, fast reactor period, high reactor exit fuel temperature, low heat exchanger fuel temperature, low fuel flow rate, and loss of offsite power.
 Without loss of generality, a frequently used expression in mathematics
When the Storm met the Chargers at Olympic Park Stadium in May, Melbourne inflicted the biggest loss on the Gold Coast in its history, 62–6.
On March 1, 1997, Baker recorded a career-high 6 blocks, alongside 20 points and 15 rebounds, in a 103–92 loss against the Sacramento Kings.
In a game that used only eight players, Gill scored 20 points in his debut with Memphis on February 25, a 90–77 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
On March 20, 2015, he recorded 22 points and 21 rebounds in a 129–127 overtime loss to the Brooklyn Nets.
He pitched three scoreless innings in the All-Star Game, and at one point pitched out of a no-out, bases loaded jam after two errors and an intentional walk, avoiding the loss.
Bemoaning the possible loss of such gems, the same writer noted: "L.A. gave birth to the movies.
Habitat loss and degradation and over-fishing have resulted in a steady decline of the population of about 30% from an estimated figure of 3 million birds in 1984.
In a May 18 overtime loss, Profit scored 26.
Heart rot causes huge profit loss in the logging industry every year due to damaged and decayed timber.
The subtropical laurel forests retreated, although they persisted on the islands of Macaronesia off the Atlantic coast of Iberia and North Africa, and the present Mediterranean vegetation evolved, dominated by coniferous trees and sclerophyllous trees and shrubs, with small, hard, waxy leaves that prevent moisture loss in the dry summers.
Coach Roy McMillan takes over until Crandall arrives and guides the team to a 4–1 loss to the Boston Red Sox.
He made his debut for the Spurs in the team's season opener against the Oklahoma City Thunder on October 28, recording 8 points and 2 rebounds off the bench in a 112–106 loss.
Sproles logged 317 all-purpose yards in a 39-38 loss to the Denver Broncos.
His next loss was against future Pride Heavyweight Champion and future UFC Interim Heavyweight Champion, Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira via unanimous decision.
Cystic fibrosis patients are also predisposed to P. aeruginosa infection of the lungs due to a functional loss in chloride ion movement across cell membranes as a result of a mutation.
Such hair loss in known as traction alopecia.
Although the friends are equally concerned by Gerald's behavior, they are at a loss as to its cause.
Carrick scored twice during this season, his first was West Ham's only goal in a 7–1 loss at Blackburn Rovers on 14 October.
Turner syndrome is a condition in females in which there is partial or complete loss of one X chromosome.
The cohesiveness of the collective identity goes beyond the community, as the collective experiences grief from the loss of a member.
Because H2 is the lightest element, atmospheric H2 can readily be lost to space via Jeans escape, an irreversible process that drives Earth's net mass loss.
JUST went into the final round third last only a point ahead of the bottom two, JUST could not afford a loss.
After subsequent land loss, the reservation was re-established in 1974.
They were critical of the heavier production, lamenting the loss of the "light, melodious (and unique) pop feeling" found on her Swedish work.
In the single player missions, players are generally allotted a very small number of soldiers, and losing just one soldier can be a huge loss.
Thus, in steady-state operation, the amplitude of the resonated wave is determined by the condition that this gain equals the (constant) loss.
Data loss policies allow sensitive data to be blocked from leaving the network or copied to another device.
The loss of one-seat commuter service to the Loop devastated the interurban.
However, indigenous education programs in the Spanish language have been discredited by critics because they imply, on the one hand, the loss of the native language and, on the other hand, have not served to improve the quality of life of indigenous communities.
To prevent any further loss, all passenger car imports were suspended and new management structures were established to refocus all sales efforts on the Toyota Land Cruiser with profitability expected from selling 50 to 60 per month until the development of a new car suitable for the US market.
On April 28, after his third loss of the season, to the Texas Rangers, where he surrendered 5 runs in 1 inning, he was demoted to the bullpen.
Because of strong economical fluctuations Hella recorded a loss in the fiscal year 2005/06.
The loss of his earnings interacted with his failing health, and two months later Byrne died, at his lodgings, in June 1783, aged 22.
In a March 10, 2016 newspaper article, the plot for the television pilot is as follows: "when Texas cop and former Navy SEAL Martin Riggs...suffers the loss of his wife and baby, he moves to Los Angeles to start anew.
The loss came at a shock to Hungarian public.
Audiograms are designed to "estimate the softest sounds the patient can detect", and are not reflective of the loud situations that cause difficulties for people with hidden hearing loss.
The same month, TC announced the closure of its Quebec City printing plant, resulting in the loss of 140 jobs.
Although the defeat was damaging to Croatian morale, in a strategic context, the damage and delays inflicted on the JNA more than made up for the loss of the town.
They then nearly defeated the same opponents in the one-off Test, chasing 366 at Bulawayo, but a spectacular collapse, in which they lost six wickets for 44 runs made them end up with a 34-run loss.
At the following pay-per-view, The New Beginning on February 10, Tanahashi made another successful title defense against Karl Anderson, avenging his loss from the 2012 G1 Climax.
Playing in the Paris Masters, Wawrinka avenged his previous loss to Rafael Nadal in Shanghai with a two set victory.
Militia general Peter Muhlenberg blamed the loss on "the impetuosity of our brother Brigadier."
In the first round Randleman suffered his first loss in PRIDE, after an incredible knee-uppercut combination from Jackson knocked Randleman down.
After a loss on the road to previously-winless Oregon State, Stoops was relieved of his duties on October 10, 2011 with the announcement made by athletic director Greg Byrne.
They missed a chance to make it through with a 1–1 draw against fellow play-off contenders Academica Clinceni and by the penultimate round, they missed the play-off qualification altogether following a 1–4 loss against Hermannstadt.
Picken made his Bury debut, making his first start and playing 90 minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Port Vale in the opening game of the season on 7 August 2010.
In 1959, Johnson was suspended indefinitely by the Lions after he missed the team plane back to Detroit following a November 1 blowout loss to the 49ers.
Due to the loss of religious freedom and Protestants being forced to adopt the Catholic religion, many exiles did not return to the area.
His last game was on November 24 of that season, a 27–7 loss to the Los Angeles Rams on Monday Night Football.
Their first match resulted in a heavy 112 run loss to the World XI in the Tsunami Appeal match, and they went on to lose the opening match of the 2005 Afro-Asian Cup by two runs to the African XI.
Like other aminoglycosides, a major side effect for tobramycin is ototoxicity or a loss of equilibrioception, or both in genetically susceptible individuals.
The name of the tournament changed again to the Indianapolis Tennis Championships in 2007 due to the loss of the RCA sponsorship.
The loss of life did not meet the scale of the 1943 Bengal or earlier famines but continued to be a problem.
The least soil loss was obtained with NT-CV 0.02 tons ha-1.
Gertler's obituary in The Times described his death as "a serious loss to British art.
The next week, Cassel struggled and threw two touchdowns, but three interceptions in a 20-37 Chiefs loss against the San Diego Chargers.
Spaniards and their Indian allies were discovered clandestinely retreating and were then forced to fight their way out of the city with heavy loss of life.
In the 2009 meeting, USC sustained their worst loss in 43 years and surrendered the most points to an opponent, a record that would stand for three seasons.
He was also instrumental in leading the nation to the 1982 FIFA World Cup – the second time in history – where he appeared in all three group stage matches, including the 1–10 loss to Hungary.
Dryland degradation occurs when the loss of vegetation transforms an ecosystem from being vegetated to being dominated by bare soils.
Peng began her 2010 world tour with a first-round loss at the Brisbane International to Hungarian Ágnes Szávay.
Each team played twice (home and away) against the other teams in their group, with two points for a win, one point for a draw, and no points for a loss.
Torretta threw three interceptions, one fewer than he had all season, in what would be the only loss of his collegiate career.
The Hurricanes alternated between win and loss for the remainder of the season; losing to Virginia 28–21, defeating Duke 49–14, losing to archrival Florida State 23-19 beating South Florida in a 6-3 defensive struggle and losing to Boston College by a score of 24–17.
The precise duration of crucifixion until death occurs would depend on the type of crucifixion, the amount of blood loss already inflicted from the flogging and scourging performed beforehand, and the general physical health of the individual being executed.
In the Divisional Round against the Atlanta Falcons, he had 46 rushing yards, one rushing touchdown, and 37 receiving yards in the 30–28 loss.
For third year students, a loss at the tournament signifies an end to their high school baseball career, as there are no other major tournaments for the rest of their academic career.
After a quiet game 1 loss to Florence the Pilots rallied to win the next two to clinch the title.
After a communication mix-up with defender Matija Nastasić led to a decisive 90th-minute goal by Fernando Torres in a 2–1 loss to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on 27 October, he was replaced by Costel Pantilimon for a home match against Norwich City which City won 7–0.
Pleakley is at a loss for words, to which Jumba explains what happened: Stitch was revived by Lilo's love.
1928 Okeechobee hurricane – A powerful hurricane that made landfall on Puerto Rico at Category 5 intensity, and later caused severe destruction and loss of life in Florida
On 29 January, Witt scored Crusaders first points of 2010, and the first points of 2010's Super League XV with a penalty kick in their 34–6 loss to Leeds Rhinos.
 -1 for a loss
Reliable multicast protocols such as Pragmatic General Multicast (PGM) have been developed to add loss detection and retransmission on top of IP multicast.
His win marked the first Republican loss for this seat in 152 years, ending the longest single-party Senate winning streak in history.
During a Week 11 loss to the Washington Redskins, Young suffered a torn flexor tendon in his right thumb, and was held out of the game after he prepared to reenter.
She could have received a year in prison, loss of a year's pay, reduction in rank to private, and a bad-conduct discharge.
As a compensation for the 2005 loss of Olympic status for 10 metre running target however, it has been decided to hold provisional World Championships in 10 metre running target and 50 metre running target in Olympic years, starting in 2008.
Each has a tight time limit to complete the mission (destroying the assigned targets); failure results in the loss of one of the player's ships and may affect the gameplay in subsequent missions.
Campbell later said the loss of the novella was an example of a publisher preferring to maximise profit from a game rather than build intellectual property towards the end of the Amiga's commercial life.
At the macro scale wear is measured by quantifying the volume (or mass) of material loss or by measuring the ratio of wear volume per energy dissipated.
In 1989, lack of financing and loss of franchise revenue forced the corporation to sell off its assets and cease operations.
Failure of the pump results in loss of membrane potential as sodium ions accumulate within the cell and potassium ions are lost through ion channels.
In the first case the profit would be A with an average amount of 3A/2, whereas in the second case the loss would be A/2 with an average amount of 3A/4.
Also, mutations within the Klotho protein family have been associated with ageing, bone loss and alcohol consumption.
If the horse loses quality in the movement, such as lack of correct bend (haunches leading or inside shoulder falling inward), loss of rhythm, or stiffness, the rider straightens the horse and rides forward.
In 1832 Lord Boston of Hedsor House claimed compensation for loss of towpath rights along Hedsor Water which he was granted.
The cattle showed temporary burns, bleeding, and loss of hair.
He tells a poignant story highlighting the deep morality of documenting the sacrifice and loss associated with war.
I regard the situation as highly dangerous and I am at a loss as to know what to do...These things cut me to the quick.
The design was not widely used until coating processes were available, due to the very low contrast caused by light loss from the large number of transmission surfaces.
As it becomes apparent that Frank is more than a simple monster, Ryu and his FUNERAL comrades have to come to terms with questions of human identity, grief, and loss.
Another popular approach described by Nahmias uses the standardized unit loss integral L(z), given by:
One source of financial loss was Samuel Bradley, the owner of Spring Brook Forge, who made a short cut from Forge Lane to the station in order to avoid paying dues on his goods.
A study by the University of Idaho calculated that this mode of operation causes the loss of between $4.5–5.9 million of tourism revenues each year.
Also, there has been put a big accent on the VoIP calls prioritization function, being taken into consideration the loss that might appear because of the internet satellite connection, together with a possible wireless connection and finally because of the VoIP ( Voice Over Internet Protocol ) connection latency.
 Segmented Integer Counter Mode A typical counter mode, which allows random access to any blocks, which is essential for RTP traffic running over unreliable network with possible loss of packets.
Worden, herself, was a total loss.
Intellectual property loss – When entering into a contract, a company is divulging their formulas or technologies.
However, the .458 Winchester Magnum cartridge was blamed for the loss of performance, and Winchester was accused of over-stating the cartridge's performance.
May 24 – Willie Davis of the Los Angeles Dodgers gets 6 hits, all singles in a 7-3 19 inning loss to the New York Mets at Dodger Stadium.
The infection leads to significant weight loss and anemia.
He appeared in one game during the 1961 season, pitching three innings in relief during a May 5 loss against the Dodgers.
In December 1941 she was shelled and damaged by the  and eventually wrecked with a loss of five crew.
A thrilling victory for Sydney, and a heartbreaking loss for Geelong.
All three were present at the Battle of Jutland in May 1916, where Defence was sunk with the loss of all men on board.
However, Charlie Brown attempts to tie the game by stealing home, only to be thrown out at the plate, ending the game with yet another loss, much to everyone's frustration.
Aden had been of interest to Britain as a link to British India and then, after the loss of most of Britain's colonies from 1945 and the disastrous Suez Crisis in 1956, as a valuable port for accessing crucial Middle Eastern oil.
About one-quarter of people with this condition have mild to moderate hearing loss.
In -weighted images, contrast is produced by measuring the loss of coherence or synchrony between the water protons.
The drug was prescribed to promote muscle regrowth in disorders which cause involuntary weight loss, and is used as part of treatment for HIV/AIDS.
Due to the loss by shipwreck of 22,000 of the medals intended for British recipients, many awards were made with whatever issue came to hand, the most common being of the Sardinian type.
During the First Chechen War, she witnessed the tragedy of war, and suffered the loss of several friends, neighbors, colleagues, and family members.
Many important buildings were destroyed in this period, and redevelopment brought about loss of large parts of the castle which was used for building materials.
On August 29, 2005, Hurricane Katrina hit Biloxi causing massive damage and loss of life.
Carpenter made his Major League Baseball (MLB) debut as a starter against the Minnesota Twins on May 12, 1997, completing three innings with eight hits, seven runs, and three walks while striking out five in a 12–2 loss.
Also during the year, on March 7, 2008, Martin scored 48 points in a loss against the Minnesota Timberwolves.
At the end of the war and the collapse of Austria-Hungary, Serbia experienced a loss of 28 percent of its pre-war population and went through radical changes after the liberation, all within days.
As Cardus recalled in his Autobiography (although he had the date wrong: Wainwright became coach at Shrewsbury in 1914, not 1913), "When I went back to Shrewsbury in 1913, I suffered a loss.
  - A Conservative Selective Acknowledgment-based Loss Recovery Algorithm for TCP
On January 13, 1840, the latter company's steamer Lexington burned and sank with a loss of 140 lives; there were only four survivors.
The ancient, and by that time half-forgotten, world of humans also suffered from a loss of something very important—magic.
 Jim Perrin, Spirits of Place (1997); The Climbing Essays (2006); West: A Journey through the Landscapes of Loss (2010).
The total water loss combined with a high positive void coefficient further increased the reactor's thermal power.
Latapy's input in the finals in Germany consisted of 25 minutes in the 2–0 loss against Paraguay, in an eventual group stage exit.
The type of neuronal loss in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE), is primarily found in the hippocampus, and can be seen in approximately 65% of TLE cases.
At least one cave-in did occur in October 1881, A New York Times report  of the incident alludes to loss of life, but those who died in the accident were not Chinese; The five miners were all of Cornwall, England.
The 2–1 loss to Southend proved to be his last game in charge on the south coast.
Although tactically inconclusive, the battle was a strategic loss for Stuart and Robert E. Lee, whose plans to drive into the Union rear were foiled.
He pointed out that competition among businesses were often treated the same, and so the economic loss to the employer or Horne could not count as actionable damage.
Although Pagan's dwindling form and the club's reassessment of its squad in the aftermath of 1974 loss, Pagan then moved back to his original roots (excepting Carlton, where Barassi expelled him in 1966) to South Melbourne for two seasons, 1975–1976, playing 23 games and kicking 0 goals.
The album expanded on the themes of love and loss that had been explored on Deb, and featured duets with Daby Toure and Rabah Khalfa.
Jack Hobbs and Young Jack Hearne took only 27 balls to score 14 for no loss before lunch on the second day, to win by 10 wickets.
In practice this rarely happens, as a player will resign when checkmated, as otherwise when loss is inevitable.
In practice this winning condition rarely happens, as a player will resign when checkmated, as otherwise when loss is inevitable.
The retro bolting of a route makes it accessible to more climbers which will result in the loss of quality of the rock through polishing.
On November 22, it collided with the iron clipper Loch Earn and sank in about ten minutes with the loss of 226 lives.
No loss to society at all".
The club actually recorded a £44,000 loss but the venue had been put back on the map for future live events.
On 6 February 2010, he scored an own-goal in a 5–0 loss against Manchester United.
This is especially the case for Tamsulosin and other alpha-1-a blockers, since alpha-1-a receptors are present also in the iris dilator muscle, which allows unopposed action of the parasympathetically innervated iris constrictor muscle and loss of iris tone.
Habitat degradation and loss is the greatest current threat.
Alabama, however, then lost the last four games of the season, including a shocking 21-14 loss to Louisiana-Monroe.
In the Western race, Green Bay won its first six games before a 31–10 loss at Chicago on Halloween put it in a tie with the Baltimore Colts.
The loss of HMAS Kuttabul is commemorated by a memorial at the RAN's main base in Sydney  (also named HMAS Kuttabul in honour of the sunken ferry), and the RAN has hosted memorial services for the Japanese sailors killed in the raid on Sydney Harbour.
Nishizawa also ascribed the loss of most of their comrade pilots to the ever increasing material advantage of the Allied forces, the improved U.S. aircraft and tactics.
He had become increasingly difficult to work with due to his grief over the loss of his youngest daughter at the end of 1974.
England went on to lose the match on penalties, and Beckham was blamed and vilified by the English tabloids for causing the loss as a result of his sending-off.
Beginning the grass-court season at the Aegon International at Eastbourne, Pe'er lost in the first round to Zheng Jie, which marked her first first-round loss of the season.
Tanasugarn also suffered a first-round loss at Wimbledon and missed the US Open due to injuries.
After completing her academics, she started working as a trichologist to diagnose and treat hair and scalp disorders to treat those struggling with hair loss.
On August 6, 2019, he called himself the “Weakest Link” in the Cubs rotation by giving up a career high, 11 runs in a 11–4 loss to the Oakland Athletics.
However, Jameson is distracted by the loss of his beloved pet ferret, Marty.
Skilled pilots can use this loss of vision as their indicator that they are at maximum turn performance without losing consciousness.
The mutual/casualty insurance industry began in the United States in 1752 when Benjamin Franklin established the Philadelphia Contributionship for the Insurance of Houses From Loss by Fire.
CRCB estimated that the social loss to the entities due to inefficient pricing over this period was 2.70 billion kuna.
The election loss combined with his legal defeats ended Cameron's influence in the Grand Canyon.
 One or more theoretical propositions, specifying linkages between constructs, for example: "As age increases, memory loss increases".
In the lead-up to the 2005 Tri Nations, Habana played in two tests against Australia, the first, a loss at Telstra Stadium, and then a 33–20 win at home at Ellis Park, with Habana scoring in the second Test.
He made his Doncaster debut in the 2–0 home loss to Notts County in the FA Cup.
He made his league debut against CD Numancia on the 31st, coming on as a substitute for Andrés Iniesta midway through the second half of a 0–1 away loss.
On January 31st, the republican commander Nicolás Romero was defeated at Apatzingán by Colonel Poiter with a loss of 200 men.
He broke the news that the hijackers had removed the hostages and had hidden them in the suburbs of Beirut, which caused the Reagan administration to cancel a rescue attempt that would have failed and led to loss of life at the airport.
The existing open surgery technique has many flaws such as limited access to the surgical area, long recovery time, long hours of operation, blood loss, surgical scars, and marks.
With the onset of the "King in Black", The Black Knight has his hands full dealing with personal issues stemming from his loss of respect as a hero coupled with psychological issues begotten from bearing the accursed Ebony Blade.
After her 2006 loss, Cropp retired from politics.
Giant cell formation is likely caused by the detergent properties of bile salts causing a loss of the lateral membrane and joining of hepatocytes.
In California, according to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 335, the statute of limitations in California is 2 years from the date of loss.
Sixty-five Japanese aircraft were claimed shot down or damaged for the loss of three Spitfires (though the Japanese fighters also shot down several Hawker Hurricane fighter-bombers and other aircraft.)
He won his first Olympic gold medal four days later in the 4 × 400 m relay with Demetrius Pinder, Michael Mathieu and Ramon Miller, They beat the defending champions the United States, marking the first Olympic men's gold medal in any athletics event for the Bahamas and the first American loss in that race at the Olympics since 1972.
Ramos won six more fights, including a victory over Norberto Sabater, before suffering his first loss, being knocked out in round eight by Ted Sanders on August 18, 1982, in Atlantic City.
He made his league debut in the opening game of the season, in a 2–0 loss against Saint-Étienne.
A second carbenium species is produced by protonation and loss of the aliphatic hydroxyl group, leading to bisphenol A (4,4'-isopropylidenediphenol) after a second aromatic substitution reaction.
It is a coming-of-age story that tracks Berkman's difficult loss of his youthful sentimental idealism as he struggles with the physical and psychological conditions of prison life, at times bringing him to the verge of suicide.
His final loss of the season, against the Houston Astros, eliminated the Reds from playoff contention.
Seaskim may have been designed as a method of overcoming the loss of streamlining caused by the absence of the fighter, which would have reduced Skydiver’s speed underwater.
|  | Incumbent re-elected.Election disqualified.Democratic loss.
In the 1999 season, Mason gained 1,030 yards returning punts and kickoffs, and added 8 kickoff returns for 322 yards and a touchdown in the team's three playoff games,  assisting the Titans to Super Bowl XXXIV where he returned 5 kickoffs for 122 yards and caught 2 passes for 18 yards in Tennessee's 23–16 loss.
Sehwag had hit three fours in a routine unbeaten 14 as India made it to 20 for no loss with ease.
"Disaggregated" refers to the choice to assess impacts in a variety of indicators or units, e.g., changes in agricultural yields and loss of biodiversity.
Going into the 2000 season, the Frogs were being touted as a possible BCS Bowl contender before a disappointing loss to San Jose State.
In practice the final capture rarely happens, as a player will resign when checkmated, as otherwise when loss is inevitable.
In 1959, he broke Brickyard Kennedy's franchise record of 381 games pitched; the Dodgers won the World Series again that year, defeating the Chicago White Sox, although Labine pitched only one inning in game 1's blowout loss.
The music video of this song starts with a young girl crying over the loss of her boyfriend.
Firman played from the interchange bench in the  2005 NRL Grand Final loss.
On October 8, 2006, he was a reliable target for back-up quarterback Joey Harrington, recording a then career-high nine catches for 77 yards in a 20–10 loss to the New England Patriots.
In the Divisional Round against the Indianapolis Colts, he had a 20-yard reception in the 24–13 loss.
As a sophomore, he became a starter, registering 39 tackles (27 solo), 3 sacks (led the team) and 8 tackles for loss (led the team).
Power has also been criticized for her openness to military interventions in Libya, Syria and Yemen on perceived humanitarian grounds, but which critics say led to loss of lives and furthered extremism.
The club's hopes of promotion lay in tatters at the time after just five wins from their previous 21 games, and his first game saw another loss, as they went down 1-0 to Port Vale at Molineux.
Both of these products resulted from the loss of the acetyl group from the inferred ethyl 2-aminoacetoacetate intermediate.
Matson's productivity at the position was questioned in the wake of the team's 3 win, 9 loss finish, with some observers arguing that Matson's effectiveness as a running back was diminished by such use.
There has been a decline in numbers of this localized bird due to loss of habitat.
After that long period of success, due to changes in the publishing industry and the loss of his aging readership, Doubleday dropped Girzone without any warning after the lackluster release in 2007 of Joshua's Family.
|  | Incumbent resigned January 24, 1822 when elected U.S. Senator.Successor was only elected to finish the term (see above) as the seat was eliminated.Democratic-Republican loss.
|  | Incumbent retired to run for Governor of North Carolina.Democratic-Republican loss.
After Todd's death, like the rest of the grief-stricken team, McGee had to cope with the loss of a friend, and like DiNozzo, would fantasize about her.
After 2 years at Hull KR, Sheens was sacked due to poor league position, form and loss of 'the dressing room' (implying player support) on 5 June 2019.
After the defeat of Russia in the war with Japan and the actual loss of the navy in the Battle of Tsushima, the Naval Staff Headquarters was set up in Russia, which worked out a programme for the modernization of the Russian navy.
The resulting sudden loss of powers decimates the population, as many had been using their powers of flight, superstrength, and invulnerability when the sun changed colors.
Jack Coombs, who led the American League with 28 wins, along with Hall of Famers Eddie Plank and Chief Bender, held Snodgrass to just two hits with seven strikeouts in nineteen at bats over the course of the Giants' six game loss to the A's in the 1911 World Series.
The book details his 2006 Senatorial campaign loss as well as the GOP losing power in the House and the Senate.
"He taught me to treat athletes as men, not boys - to never use their failings as an alibi for a loss," Dodd said.
The newer series attributes Orko's occasional ineptitude to the loss of his magic wand while saving 10-year-old Prince Adam upon arriving in Eternia.
He also stated that he and some members of Pantera were friends (particularly the latter's lead singer Phil Anselmo, who was a fan of Exhorder in their early days), and that he mourns the loss of Pantera guitarist Dimebag Darrell.
There is also the Bug Slayer, a bug that helps the player eliminate enemies, with only loss of potential points being the only consequence.
The forerunner of the Aomori Bank was , established January 20, 1879, in Hirosaki by the former karō of Hirosaki Domain and many former samurai as a vehicle to invest the stipends issued by the new Meiji government in compensation for their loss in samurai status.
After the loss of a third of the fleet the remaining ships were withdrawn to London, and the Vikings were able to invade Kent unopposed.
Management of hair loss
Most of the geriatric community have moderate levels of attachment loss, with less having advanced stages of the disease.
Notably, though their loss is painful to the father, the wife and sons do not seem to have suffered hardship once separated from him.
This was not aided by the loss of prestige of the Lao Sangha, which was being seen as a tool of government policy.
Despite its third loss in the tournament, Lithuania still had a chance to qualify to the knockout rounds by defeating Tunisia, which they did 63–76.
In 1859, though, Atlantic did emerge as decisive champions of baseball with an overall record of 11 wins and 1 loss and series victories over both Eckford of Brooklyn and Mutual.
The US fishing vessel Alert, suffering from heavy icing in the Shelikof Strait and bound for Bumble Bay on Alaska′s Kodiak Island, disappears with the loss of her crew of five.
In their second state tournament appearance they defeated Hayfield 64-55 in the semifinals to advance to their second straight VHSL Class 6A State Championship Game, avenging an earlier season loss to the Hawks.
She became notorious on 7 May 1875, while operating on her normal route, when she hit the Retarrier Ledges in the Isles of Scilly, causing her to sink with the loss of most of her crew and passengers, totalling 335 fatalities.
Shortly before midnight on New Year's Eve, the tourist boat Bateau Mouche IV capsizes near Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with the loss of 55 lives.
As partial compensation for the loss of his secular power, the bishop received a post of honour in the Diet of the canton and the right to four votes.
On November 26, one week after the Iron Bowl loss, Alabama athletic director Mal Moore notified Mike Shula that he would not be retained as the University of Alabama's head football coach for the 2007 season.
On 25 October 1918, Sophia sank with the loss of all aboard after grounding on Vanderbilt Reef in Lynn Canal near Juneau, Territory of Alaska.
On September 24 of that year, against the Philadelphia Phillies at Wrigley Field, Pappas struck out all three batters on nine total pitches in the fourth inning of a 6–1 loss, becoming the 10th National League pitcher and the 16th pitcher in major-league history to accomplish an immaculate inning.
Major industries in Grand Forks are limited and have become smaller over the past decade with the loss of major industries, such as Pope & Talbot, the industries in Grand Forks are logging, agriculture, rock wool manufacturing, fabrication (metal) and tourism.
Duval can also use the effect to transform himself into a being of living stone - with no loss of mobility - possessing superhuman strength and durability.
The ruling in Vincent v. Lake Erie assures private citizens from a public policy standpoint that they will be compensated for their loss.
Edwin H. Land, who had founded the Polaroid company that was a major manufacturer of cameras and film, and a pioneer in self-developing photographs, resigned as its CEO after the corporation's loss of money from attempting to market the Polavision video camera system.
In his final season at Notre Dame, in 2003, he led again the team in tackles (117) and he was second on the team in tackles for loss (15).
After a Navy Court of Inquiry recommended that McVay be court-martialed for the loss of Indianapolis, Admiral Chester Nimitz disagreed and instead issued the captain a letter of reprimand.
The ninja clan generally agrees that he is no great loss, but decides to avenge him for reasons of good policy.
Johnson's challenge once again proved unsuccessful as the fight was stopped in the seventh round for his second loss.
The other match on this day, playing in Leicestershire at Egerton Park, saw Malaysia bowled out for 89 by Zimbabwe (Brandes 4-13, Rawson 4-22) who reached their target with little drama for the loss of just two wickets.
During circulation, the bottom hole pressure is equal to the hydrostatic pressure on the annular side plus the annular pressure loss (APL).
He ordered his soiled clothes removed and burned, and for him to be placed in an outside wire enclosure so his loss of bowel control wouldn't soil the other prisoners' living and eating areas.
You may live an evil life and believe in a god, and a benevolent god exists, in which case you go to hell: your loss is infinite.
While putting up a strong front for her brother, she is just as devastated over the loss of her homeland.
The loss of the resources that the mountain provided, the ravages of European disease, and armed clashes with the settlers were all contributing factors.
Despite the fact that his  season was also marred by injuries, Zachry was 5-0 with a 2.89 ERA before suffering his first loss and a season-ending injury on June 8 against the Houston Astros.
Won 1905 FAHL championship with record of 7 wins, 1 loss.
Some Easy Goer loyalists in the media maintained their horse's superiority, attributing the loss to the fact that Easy Goer had leapt in the air at the start and his jockey, Pat Day, reined Easy Goer's head to the right when he had a short lead in the home stretch.
Peachey played in Cronulla's 1996 preliminary final loss against Manly-Warringah at the Sydney Football Stadium in which Manly kept Cronulla scoreless winning 24-0.
Wigan reached the 2014 Super League Grand Final and Bowen played at fullback in their loss to St Helens at Old Trafford.
On 13 May he scored his second try in the Chiefs' first loss since their club record of nine consecutive wins.
Slater scored 3 tries in 3 matches, including scoring a try in the Kangaroos 16–12 Four Nations Final match loss to New Zealand at Suncorp Stadium.
He did so just two days after Parramatta's round one 48–14 loss to the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs and without talking to his teammates.
Miller went on to say in an interview with Chael Sonnen that the loss to Schiavolin helped him to begin to turn his life around from the legal troubles and drug addiction that have plagued him since his retirement in 2012.
The Romberg test is used to investigate the cause of loss of motor coordination (ataxia).
In aviation, pressure suits protect fighter pilots from hypoxia / altitude sickness, and g-suits from the adverse effects of acceleration (gravity-induced loss of consciousness, or G-LOC).
Along with St. George Illawarra, Parramatta were favorites to win the premiership in 2005 but were defeated 29-0 in the preliminary final by North Queensland at Telstra Stadium in an upset loss.
Grothe Jr. now runs a podcast with his father titled UnderGrothe and also runs a successful health and fat loss business as well as a hilarious instagram account.
Their environmental impact may include soil loss, compaction, and erosion; trampling of vegetation; reduction in the vastness of plants; increased tree deaths by chewing on bark; damage to bog habitats and waterholes; spreading of invasive weeds; and various detrimental effects on population of native species.
The inaugural match was played against FC Barcelona, that ended in a loss of 0–4.
He scored his first goal on 5 February to open an East Anglian derby at home to Ipswich Town, a 2–1 loss.
He was hired on December 11, 1981, to succeed Jerry Davitch, who had been fired nine days prior to his final game (a one-point home loss against rival Boise State).
Industry advisers claim that if mail-in rebates go away, they will not be replaced by "instant rebates" of the same value amount because of the loss of the tangible benefits listed above (fiscal accounting, price protection, etc.)
After a 1–3 loss at home to Aldershot Town he resigned and was replaced by Ulrich Landvreugd and Dick Schreuder.
After their third consecutive loss, this one a 37-0 blowout against the eventual Super Bowl Champion Baltimore Ravens, Coslet resigned the next day out of frustration and handed control of the team to defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau.
Software audiometers which run on a PC are also commercially available, but their accuracy and utility for evaluating hearing loss is questionable due to lack of a calibration standard.
Bishop's move to North Sydney proved a disaster from the beginning when they lost all five pre-season encounters including a 13–17 loss to a Port Kembla team.
Atari ultimately reported a $536 million loss in 1983, and Warner Communications sold off the company's consumer division in 1984 to Jack Tramiel of Commodore International.
The impact of a large meteoroid can lead to the loss of atmosphere.
On November 8, 2007, SK Wyverns defeated the Chunichi Dragons (6–3), giving Chunichi their first-ever loss in Konami Cup history.
One night, he finds the mutilated bodies of his family and encounters Lord Loss, a gruesome human-like demon who sets his two familiars, Vein and Artery, on Grubbs.
He hit his first ever home run on August 11 off Barry Latman in a 2-1 loss at Cleveland Stadium.
The next came five days later, also against the Cubs; poor defense accounted for three of the Cubs' seven runs in a 7–3 loss.
He enters the game in the ninth inning of the Giants' 4–1 loss to the New York Mets and strikes out Charley Smith, the first batter he faces; Ed Kranepool also strikes out two batters later.
Camilo Pascual strikes out 13 but the Washington Senators lose to the Boston Red Sox, 4–3, his third loss to Boston this year.
A Week 16 victory over the Atlanta Falcons, coupled with a St. Louis loss the following night, gave the Saints a 10-5 record, a playoff berth, and their first division title since 1991.
Backup Taysom Hill went 3–1 during that span, their only loss against the 3–8–1 Eagles.
That loss ended his political aspirations.
| 1987-01-00 || Loss ||align=left| Felipe Garcia || || Denver, Colorado, USA || Decision (split) || || 
The Bears fell back after a Week Six loss to the 49ers, 25–7.
Discoloured teeth, malformed teeth, enamel hypoplasia (not enough enamel), enamel hypocalcification (enamel not fully mineralised), fluorosis, tetracycline staining, non-vital tooth discolouration, malposition, enamel fractures, enamel loss by erosion, modify shape of tooth.
Later refloated with no loss of life.
On gaining yards, making tackles for a loss, scoring, or forcing turnovers, players are rewarded with an increased "Clash" meter.
The name apophyllite is derived from the Greek ἀποφυλλίζω apophylliso, meaning "it flakes off", a reference to this class's tendency to flake apart when heated, due to water loss.
The Cossacks were most keenly aware of the loss of their special status and direct contact with the czar and his government.
The sponge-like bone formations lead to early tooth loss and permanent tooth eruption problems.
It took until 3 November 2007 for Davies to make his Southampton debut, coming on as a substitute for Grégory Vignal in the 72nd minute, in a 1–0 loss against Charlton Athletic.
Because Rikiishi is three weight classes above Joe, he undergoes an incredibly taxing weight loss program, which includes severe dehydration.
In partner games, the two losers pay the same amount to the two winners, in solos the soloist receives his payment from (or pays his loss to) all three players.
With a variable speed drive on the pump or fan, the supply can be adjusted to match demand and no extra loss is introduced.
Taylor's first game after signing for the club on a permanent basis came in the opening game of the season, in a 3–2 loss against Leeds United.
The Giants made it to the 1963 NFL Championship Game, where McElhenny carried nine times for 17 yards, had two receptions for 20 yards, and had a 47-yard kickoff return in the 14–10 loss to the Bears.
On that day, he had come down with acute pneumonia but he forced himself to continue in the tournament as he had only one loss.
Ken reached #1 qualified, but loss at top 16 tandems, in 2004 Formula Drift Championship very first round at Road Atlanta.
In 1813,  in the area were granted to trader Captain William Douglas Campbell as compensation for the loss of his snow Harrington which was seized by convicts, from its anchorage in Sydney Harbour, on the evening of 15 May 1808.
His first Mariners goal came in a 5–1 loss to Sydney FC on 5 November 2005.
The church's loss of royal and civic status paralleled a decline in the status of its parish.
Despite the New Year starting poorly with a 3–0 away loss to Tottenham, and an ignominious 3–0 FA Cup defeat to Crawley Town, Bielsa's Leeds ended the campaign strongly.
The court rejected the idea that there had in fact been any loss.
After the loss of a number of his friends and family members, Lacey and his bandmates purposely immersed themselves in their grief, channeling it into the songwriting with the hope of expelling it.
The Bf 109s claimed one Fokker D.XXI for one loss.
The Spanish pilots claimed 160 aircraft destroyed until October 1943, for the loss of 20 killed.
I. Gruppe suffered one loss to friendly fire but III.
If the offensive team commits pass interference in their opponent's end zone, the defense has the choice of 15 yards from the previous spot and a loss of down, or a touchback.
The J-3 was lost on April 4, 1933 during a forced landing while searching for survivors of the Navy rigid airship   with the loss of 2 out of  the blimp's crew of 7.
Following a Buccaneer loss, McKay was asked, "What's it like in the professional ranks, coach?
Loss of quality could be restricted to a single HAM conversion at the end of the process.
Although the numerically superior British inflicted severe damage to the French ships, light winds hampered Samuarez's squadron which withdrew to Gibraltar after suffering heavy casualties and the loss of HMS Hannibal.
The most common identified triggers for acute attacks are medications, weight loss diets, and surgery.
It experienced periods of great poverty and loss of population until the twentieth century.
It causes a loss of accommodation, high degree of farsightedness (hyperopia), and a deep anterior chamber.
As neutron production is their main function, most research reactors benefit from reflectors to reduce neutron loss from the core.
Crowds made their way to the South Head cliff tops above the wreck and witnessed its final destruction and the significant loss of life and cargo.
Guidry walked Mazzilli, allowing the winning run to score, and giving Kern the loss.
 Sealing the combustion chamber so that there is minimal loss of gases to the crank case.
His debut was the opening game of the season, in a 3–0 loss against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
This began with its loss of the rights to the NFL's American Football Conference to CBS at the end of the 1997 season.
Because of the direction of thrust is mostly in line with the diver, or slightly upwards, it is suitable for situations where disturbing the silt on the bottom can cause dramatic loss in visibility, such as inside wrecks and caves, and at any other time when the diver needs to swim close to a silty substrate.
The Boeotians, who, through fear of the restoration of Thebes and loss of their newly-acquired land, remained allied to the Macedonians, collected a force to prevent the Athenian contingent from joining the allied army.
Saint Helena suffers from island-wide loss of Internet and telecommunications connections during Sun outages because all telecommunications traffic to and from the island is carried on a single satellite link.
The loss of this locomotive led to the introduction of the BR Standard Class 8P Pacific, an experimental three-cylinder 4-6-2 No.
After a long period of limited production and loss of focus, the original team was reorganized under César Bittar, previously one of the project writers, in January 2002.
The other friendly shootdown occurred at Goose-Green, when one A4 Skyhawk flew by mistake over a banned zone, and was shot down with the loss of the pilot.
D'Alessio played 11 minutes of the Whalers 9-3 loss to the Buffalo Sabres on the 11th of December 1992, saving the 3 shots that were directed at him.
On 14 September, Valdez debuted in the 2004–05 UEFA Champions League in a 2–0 away loss against Inter Milan.
He debuted for La Serena in a 3–0 away loss against Universidad de Chile, playing only 23 minutes in the game after of replace to his teammate Juan Sánchez Sotelo.
The German offensive against the Hague constituted a considerable tactical loss to the Germans.
"Chicanos with lighter skin color and more european features had higher socioeconomic status" and "black Hispanics suffer close to ten times the proportionate income loss due to differential treatment of given characteristics than white Hispanics".
In Week One (September 30), the defending champions, the Cleveland Browns, opened with a loss, falling to their old AAFC rival in San Francisco, 24–10; the Giants tied the Steelers 13–13 in a Monday night game on national radio.
This unique form of neuropathy is a hallmark of type 1 diabetes, and plays a part in the loss of glucagon rescue of severe hypoglycemia.
But keep in mind that there are inherent risks associated with investing in securities, and diversification doesn't protect against loss.
Also uncertain is the nature of this loss of power by Rorik.
In 1922, a monument was erected with the names and ages of the workers who were lost in the explosion to commemorate the loss of life and the courage of the people who assisted in the rescue effort.
On February 16, 1931, in order to prevent operating at a loss, the Harlan County Coal Operators' Association cut miners' wages by 10%.
At least 20 deaths occurred, though "The loss of life was so heavy that the newspapers did not have space enough to give all the details of the marine disasters."
This broke her back and she sank with the loss of all but three of her crew.
Manjaro tutorial NILFS: A filesystem designed to minimize the likelyhood [sic] of data loss 
The loss, however, may have been fewer than one hundred people.
The Astros shook off the effects of their Game 5 loss, and rolled to win their first National League pennant in 44 seasons of existence with a decisive 5–1 win over the Cardinals.
Districts experienced a reduction in funding due to the loss of federal stimulus funding which ended in June 2011.
In a week 16 loss to the Tennessee Titans, Cotchery had eight catches for 152 yards with a touchdown, which was the only score for the Jets that day.
Chloride ion can remove the proton on the carbonyl group, giving the acyl chloride 5 with a loss of HCl.
Mindful of the ruse, Miami defensive back Lyle Blackwood intercepted the pass; however, Washington coach Joe Gibbs later pointed out the play was not a total loss, as Blackwood was downed on his own 1-yard line.
Following the death of Epaminondas and loss of manpower at the Battle of Mantinea, the Theban hegemony ceased.
The mood in the service was further compounded with the loss of Loyal Volunteer, in Ipswich harbour later that year, and was seen as a sad end to a faithful vessel, and Aux Lt Cdr R.A Hare noted, "That this should be the fate of Loyal Volunteer, was not without its significance".
In addition, the recent loss of his mother has thrown Satoru into a reclusive state, locking himself from the outside world.
In 2013 The New Yorker published her essay, "Thanksgiving in Mongolia" about the loss of her newly-born son at 19 weeks while traveling alone in Mongolia.
Isolated by the loss of Derby and Northampton later that year, the Mercian army returned in early 918 to ravage the local countryside, and as a result the fortress surrendered peacefully to Aethelflaed's troops.
The early years of the company were difficult experiencing a loss of about $9 million.
His last game was a season-ending home loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
This model of postvention provides referrals for additional support to all survivors and individuals at the scene of the suicide  The model of the LOSS Program has changed the scene of the suicide to a more "concerned and caring environment" for all individuals and survivors.
He and his teammates had to settle for silver, however, following a 3–2 loss to rival Sweden in the final.
Photographic illustrations reproduce poorly in microform format, with loss of clarity and halftones.
He was concerned about the country's loss of prestige and said the only way to recover it was by showing the world that Germany had not won the war.
He reigned for twelve years, bringing even stronger Mongol influence and the loss of most of the remaining lands in Thrace to the Byzantines.
The nonrecourse loan was issued with Bear Stearns's less liquid assets as collateral, meaning that the Federal Reserve will absorb the loss should the value of those assets be below their collateralized value.
Lonetree faced the possibility of a life sentence or being shot dead by a firing squad, but initially received a 30-year sentence with a reduction in rank from E-5 to E-1, a fine of $5,000, the loss of all military pay and allowances, and a dishonorable discharge.
Virginia then claims a southern championship for every year of 1893–1897, with North Carolina gaining a Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association title in 1895 (only loss to Virginia) and 1898.
He made his La Liga debut on 26 August in a 1–2 away loss against RCD Espanyol, and finished his first year with 27 matches and two goals as the season ended in relegation.
That postseason, on May 14, 1983, Moncrief scored 19 points, grabbed 10 rebounds, and recorded 4 steals in a Game 3 loss against the eventual champion 76ers.
After the Mission football team suffers an embarrassing loss, Cloud and McPherson threaten Dap with expulsion if he continues his activism.
The end of railcar manufacturing on the TrentonWorks site saw the loss of 1300 jobs (at peak employment); it is currently hoped that the conversion to produce wind turbine components by DSME will return employment to pre-2007 levels.
After being dropped for one match, he scored his first goal for the club on 26 September 2019, in a 2–1 loss against LA Galaxy.
According to MGM accounts, the film earned $1,874,000 in the US and Canada and $782,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss to the studio of $2,290,000.
Preliminary loss projections released during summer 1967 had shown that a continuation of this trend would produce a negative result of more than £1 million in 1968 and an even higher deficit the year after.
For the 2019 European Parliament election, a reapportionment following Brexit and the loss of 73 MEPs from the United Kingdom gave two additional seats to Ireland.
Despite the growth in subscribers, Now TV was operating at a loss in 2005.
While at the tree village of Riverdale, Ellesquare and the other Tree Elves of the high council ridicule the dwarfs for their loss of their four comrades and call it "carelessness."
Their first match in that round was against Czechoslovakia, and the Hungarians quickly found themselves in the bottom half of the final round group with a 75–65 loss.
Ambrogio Spinola, who had succeeded Archduke Albert as commander in the field, eventually captured the town on 22 September 1604, but only at the price of accepting the loss of Sluis.
According to this study, lost earnings due to illness and loss of life amounted to over $15 billion annually and the total economic burden of annual influenza epidemics amounts to over $80 billion.
Despite the loss to Gomi, Sakurai would continue to impress with his performances.
The thalamic loss of input allows the frequency of the thalamo-cortical column to slow into the theta or delta band as identified by MEG and EEG by machine learning.
Parnaby made his debut on 12 August in the opening match of the 2007–08 season, coming on as a substitute for Queudrue in the 51st minute of a 3–2 away loss against Chelsea.
In their first game on 21 October, away to Chennaiyin FC, he scored their first goal to equalise in an eventual 2–1 loss.
This paraneoplastic syndrome may present as either a sensory neuropathy, affecting primarily the dorsal root ganglion, resulting in a progressive sensory loss associated with painful paresthesias of the upper limbs, or a mixed sensorimotor neuropathy which is also characterized by progressive weakness.
The loss of Kir currents in endothelial cells is one of the first known indicators of atherogenesis (the beginning of heart disease).
The term “spinal shock” was introduced more than 150 years ago in an attempt to distinguish arterial hypotension due to a hemorrhagic source from arterial hypotension due to loss of sympathetic tone resulting from spinal cord injury.
The company ultimately reported a $29.1 million quarterly loss on revenues of $29.5 million.
However, of greater concern was the inundation of access roads to the area, isolating a number of suburbs including Bellbowrie including the loss of electricity and telecommunications and a shortage of food with the supermarket inundated.
This loss prevented them from achieving the Calendar Grand Slam.
After the end of the dictatorship in 1983, he was tried for human rights violations and sentenced to life imprisonment and the loss of his military grade.
Manufacturers over-wind the coils to recover the output loss, but this introduces a second problem: excessive coil capacitance that robs the sound of dynamics, presence, and touch sensitivity.
However, following a disappointing loss to the unranked Mississippi State Bulldogs and an on-campus confrontation with fraternity members, head coach Ron Zook was fired.
Pools tend to protect their members from cyclic insurance rates, offer loss prevention services, offer savings (as they are non-profit organizations and do not lose funds through broker fees), and have focus and expertise in governmental entities that are often not found in insurers.
This study found that a mutation in the osteopontin gene promoter, known to cause low levels of osteopontin expression, is associated with a decrease in age to loss of ambulation and muscle strength in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Ratliff played in nine games as a junior reserve defensive end, making seven tackles, including one for a loss.
The agency paid out $150.8 million for housing and $191.5 million for other significant disaster-related needs, including loss of personal property, moving and storage, and medical or funeral expenses relating to the hurricane.
He made his major league debut in a 12–9 Cardinals loss to the New York Mets on April 23, 1988.
 Potential loss of magnetization (if Temp.
Physicist Robert L. Park has written that MacDougall's experiments "are not regarded today as having any scientific merit", and psychologist Bruce Hood wrote that "because the weight loss was not reliable or replicable, his findings were unscientific".
Some of the health issues associated with the consumption of the mercury infested fish in the Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation community includes numbness, hearing loss, headaches, dizziness and limb cramps.
In practice, this allows for the use of lower cost lenses without corresponding loss of quality.
The 36ers defeated the Illawarra Hawks in a one-sided Semi-final before gaining revenge for the 1985 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Bullets by defeating them in the NBL's first ever three game Grand Final series 2–1.
They are able to concentrate their urine to a viscous consistency which further reduces water loss.
This was Pulver's sixth straight loss.
The BSA factory was badly damaged, causing loss of production and trapping hundreds of workers.
To prevent loss of profits or liquidation for businesses in the long term, new products have to be created to replace the old products.
Hitchcock remarked in a British film journal interview just before leaving for Hollywood that he hoped to make a film about the tragic loss of RMS Titanic, as the inherent drama of the ocean liner's sinking appealed to him.
In most cases, the complete loss of vision is not permanent and the patient may recover some of their vision (cortical visual impairment).
Word of Georgie's death spreads as the entire town grieves the loss.
A monument was erected to his memory in St Paul's Cathedral, while a poem commemorated the loss of the 'gallant, good Riou'.
In August, MVP took part in the 2011 G1 Climax, where he managed to win six out of his nine matches, but a loss to Karl Anderson on the final day of the tournament caused him to narrowly miss advancing to the finals.
After a 13–9 loss in Oakland, the Eagles defeated the Redskins 27–17 on Monday Night Football.
Symptoms including blurring or loss of vision, headache, and (rarely) stroke or coma are due to the effects of the IgM paraprotein, which may cause autoimmune phenomenon or cryoglobulinemia.
The "half-click" method works fine until the insert cable is jarred or wiggled, causing noise or a loss of signal within the channel.
| 1985-02-08 || Loss ||align=left| Mike Randle || || Napa, California, US || TKO || 8 || || 4-1
Westside assumed control of CHG's $30 million share of private development and began its own search for outside lending and assistance while dealing with a $10.2 million loss.
The Canadiens needed just one victory to clinch the fourth and final berth but failed to do so in a simultaneous 4–1 loss to the Black Hawks at the Montreal Forum.
After the loss of their lands they specialized in working as jackaroos on pastoral stations.
With the ancient cultural view of women as property of men, the casuistic law regarding the seduced virgin in Exodus 22:16–17 portrays a woman who, as the property of her father, has had her value diminished by the loss of her virginity.
On November 13, 1942, the submarine  torpedoed and sank the anti-aircraft cruiser , and a year later on November 23, 1943 the submarine  torpedoed and sank the escort carrier , both with heavy loss of life.
In wrongful death cases non-economic damages are defined as "mental anguish, emotional pain and suffering, loss of society, companionship, comfort, protection, care, marital care, parental care, filial care, attention, advice, counsel, training, guidance, or education, or other noneconomic damages authorized under Title 3, Subtitle 9 of this article."
 Prevents fluid loss into or contamination of production zones.
Wooddin was one of New Zealand's only two scorers in the 1982 World Cup (along with Steve Sumner), scoring the second New Zealand goal in a 5–2 loss to Scotland.
In 2002 The Graeme Clark Cochlear Scholarship Foundation was established in honor of Graeme Clark for his lifelong commitment to finding a solution for people with hearing loss, and his pioneering work in the field of cochlear implant technology.
Despite the loss of his record deal, Pinson continued to write songs for other singers.
In Week 8, he returned six kicks for a season-high 145-yards during a 33–21 loss against the St. Louis Rams.
Hickey made his full All Whites debut in a 0–1 loss to Papua New Guinea on 31 May 1997.
Fairley led the SEC with 21 tackles for loss and was second in the SEC with 10.5 sacks.
He began to suffer from a "partial loss of voice" and "impaired health," so, in 1831, he resigned and went back to Union College to teach.
After visiting ports in the Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico and both coasts of the United States and Canada in 1921–1922, Raleigh ran aground off Newfoundland in August 1922 with the loss of a dozen crewmen.
Late on the evening of September 26,  torpedoed the steamship Yorktown, sinking her with the loss of 18 men.
61 was a contributing factor in the loss of the Matthew Andrews at Corsica Shoals.
Raí once again proved essential as the capital outfit won the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, scoring twice in a 3–1 home win against Parma, after a 1–0 away loss.
However, as the resort had been previously evacuated no loss of life was reported.
In the post season, he was selected for the New Zealand Tri-Nations squad playing in 5 matches and scoring 2 tries, including playing in the Kiwis 16–12 golden point extra time loss to Australia in the final.
He played for the Warriors on the wing in their 2002 NRL Grand Final loss to the Sydney Roosters.
The additional of Fleet Security and Control to a fleet management system gives a fleet card manager preventative measures to address cargo damage and loss.
She followed this up with a first-round loss at the Australian Open to Croatian Karolina Šprem.
Packet loss directly reduces throughput for a given sender as some sent data is never received and can't be counted as throughput.
Citing a loss of business and prestige to the city, George Adair, Henry W. Grady, Richard Peters and others began fundraising for rebuilding the hotel.
With the loss of Bay Meadows to developers in 2008, Golden Gate Fields has become Northern California's only major racetrack (aside from the racetracks associated with the summer fair circuit).
Loss of E-cadherin is considered to be a fundamental event in EMT.
Kozlov scored his first career goal for the Sharks against Ed Belfour and the Chicago Blackhawks on 21 March 1995 in a 7–3 Sharks loss.
Halatau played in the 2009 ANZAC Test at Suncorp Stadium in the Kiwis 38–10 loss.
In the final against Australia he played on the wing and scored a try in the Kiwis' 22–20 loss.
Dallas played for the Wigan Warriors on the wing in their 2001 Super League Grand Final loss against the Bradford Bulls.
In the final against Australia he played at  in the Lions' 44–4 loss.
After a unanimous decision loss in Cage Force to Rikuhei Fujii, Kondo faced Fujii in a rematch for Kondo's Pancrase title, and Kondo lost again via unanimous decision.
Fulton announced his immediate retirement from the game on 10 July 2014, after receiving further concussions which had caused short-term memory loss and confusion.
In 1996, Filippini played what was longest known game in ATP Tour history at Casablanca, going to deuce 20 times with Alberto Berasategui in one game of a 6–2, 6–3 first round loss.
If the stock variable is allowed to regenerate then the fringe and flow variables may also recover to initial levels, but in many cases the loss is irreparable.
However, dribbling, if poorly mastered and used, may result in the loss of possession either when the ball is intercepted or tackled by a defender.
During a website conversion in 2016 Snapfish had a data loss while converting to their new web system.
On 1 November, following poor overall performances and a 1–2 home loss against G.D. Estoril Praia for the group stage of the Taça da Liga, he was relieved of his duties.
Loss to industry during the crisis was estimated at around A$1.3 billion.
A flu-like illness, with a cough, fever, a feeling of illness (malaise), fatigue, and weight loss heralds the onset in about 40% of patients.
Also in 1990, Renault was forced to install the less powerful catalyzed engine in cars destined for the home market, leading to grumbling amongst Alpine enthusiasts about the loss of power (down to ) while the 25 Turbo saloon actually gained power when it became catalyzed.
However, even though all subsystems were reported as performing nominally throughout the flight, the rocket experienced a loss of GPS data from approximately 13 seconds to 278 seconds of flight, therefore missing apogee.
This sinking resulted in the third largest loss of life for a ship sunk by U-boats in the approaches to the British Isles during the Second World War.
Having lost Bedford and his brother, Falkes submitted to Henry III on 19 August, pleading for forgiveness in exchange for the loss of all his possessions.
Although the attempt failed, before being imprisoned Chávez was granted one minute on national television, during which he apologised for the loss of lives and called on his forces to cease fighting, but also defended his goals of reform and stated famously that he was putting down his weapons "por ahora" – for now – implying that he might one day return.
The acid chloride suffers attack by diazomethane with loss of HCl.
Little is known of his early life because of the complete loss of his correspondence and written works.
The Canadian breed association by regulation prevents loss of French Limousin content from its registered purebreds by requiring that they "contain 90% or more Limousin blood".
The recording with Joe Loss and his Orchestra with refrain by Elizabeth Batey was made in London on April 29, 1945.
However, despite the victory against the league-leading BC Lions the previous week under Greene, he was benched again in favor of Crandell and never saw any playing time in the ensuing 30-14 loss to the Montreal Alouettes in the east semi final.
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee tried to convince Conway to run again for the same seat in 2004, but he declined, saying another loss could damage his nascent political career.
Additionally, shortly after the Broncos' Week 5 loss to the Atlanta Falcons, Kubiak was rushed to a Denver-area hospital after experiencing flu-like symptoms and extreme body fatigue.
The Home Secretary and the Commissioner believed that the threats of dismissal from the force and loss of pension rights would be an adequate deterrent.
Individuals may experience a headache, confusion, sleepiness, dizziness, loss of consciousness, nausea and vomiting, seizures, difficulty with coordination and movement, lightheadedness, tinnitus, and spinning sensations.
The steel crisis of the 1970s was responsible for the loss of many jobs.
On July 13, he struck out 15 batters in a loss to the Oakland Athletics, topping his career high of 12 strikeouts.
The formation of malignant cancers from neurofibromas is associated with the loss of expression of the CDKN2A or TP53 gene in nonmyelinating Schwann cells that also exhibit biallelic inactivation of the NF1 gene.
It was the Aggies' worst loss to the Red Raiders in the 64-year-old series.
These burrows have a higher moisture concentration than at the surface level and help reduce body water loss.
After starting in the 5–0 loss against Blackpool, Kisnorbo put in an impressive performance against his old side Leicester City on 6 November to help earn Leeds a clean sheet in a 1–0 win.
The energy needed for mixing comes from a loss in pressure as fluids flow through the static mixer.
Only 14 games into the season, Willsie was recalled to the depleted Avalanche where he remained for the season appearing in 42 games and scoring his lone goal for the season on January 21, 2009, against former team the Kings in a 6-5 loss.
His only international goal was in a 1–2 loss to USA in June 1999 at the Confederations Cup.
Arno was the third Italian hospital ship sunk by British aircraft since the loss of the Po in the Adriatic Sea to aerial torpedoes on 14 March 1941 and the bombing of the California off Syracuse on 11 August 1942.
However, during a 1–0 loss against Notts County on 25 February 2011, he suffered Achilles injury and was subsequently out for the rest of the season.
Reporting Loss of IC
Following a 6–0 loss against Chelsea on 27 October 2007, Richards acknowledged his mistakes for conceding "a couple of goals" on his columns.
Wernher, being extremely wealthy, provided substantial financial support for his in-laws, alleviating the loss of income from Michael's imperial estates.
Alberta Industrial Fire Association's mission statement is: To promote awareness of industrial fire protection and emergency services by information sharing, joint problem solving to minimize damage, loss and injury throughout the industry in the Province of Alberta.
The battle was a devastating loss for the Union and a decisive victory for the Confederacy.
This palsy presents as deviation of the eye to a "down and out" position due to loss of innervation to all ocular motility muscles except for the lateral rectus (innervated by abducens nerve (a.k.a.
He also collected on special teams tackle, one tackle for a loss, two quarterback sacks, one interception and three fumble returns.
But the Kozhikode chief began to repent of his rash and hasty offer, as it involved "the loss of caste".
How persistent is the model, how protected is it against loss or damage?
Don Newcombe takes the loss, his fourth in Series competition.
After making his debut on 23 November 1952 in a friendly with Austria in Porto, his last appearance was against Yugoslavia on 22 May 1960 for the 1960 European Nations' Cup (1–5 away loss, he netted in the first leg, a 2–1 win), aged 32.
Brown requests permission to board it and retrieve his logs to prove that the loss of his ship was due to mutiny, and to see if there was anything left salvageable.
In other words, the gain could be a net total gain, or a gain at the expense of loss by others that cancels out (or more than cancels out) the gain in aggregate.
Winning percentage will be based on weight loss and fat percentage lost.
The winning team also chooses a member of the losing team to sit out the next weigh-in, without their weight counting towards their team's total percentage of weight loss.
Studies in osteoimmunology have proposed 2 models for alveolar bone loss.
In 1996 the library had reached ~2,000 books -- but a temporary closure resulted in a bulk loss of books and archives.
Cierzniak made his Lech Poznán debut in the UEFA Intertoto Cup in a 3-1 loss against Tiraspol on 8 July 2006.
He avenged his loss to Brian Vera on 1 October 2011 by unanimous decision.
Ribery scored a late minute goal against BATE Borisov in the Champions League, but the match ended a 3–1 loss for Bayern.
On December 12, 1987, Williams scored 34 points and grabbed 8 rebounds in a loss against the Seattle SuperSonics.
Twelve matches without a loss in the second third of the season and five wins out of the last five matches from match weeks 32–36 guaranteed the club's highest league finish of second place and a spot in the first qualifying round of the UEFA Cup.
The result of these boarding schools led to much language loss within the Navajo Nation.
In the 2001 documentary Super 8 Stories legendary Joe Strummer, clearly at a loss for words, describes their sound as "this crazy Greek-Jewish wedding music of the past,... and the future".
During one of the latter missions to attack the British Operation Harpoon convoy in June 1942, Trento was torpedoed twice, first by a Bristol Beaufighter torpedo bomber and then sunk by the submarine  with very heavy loss of life.
In response to the decline of the Finnish horse population and especially the great loss of good quality breeding animals experienced during the great famine of 1866–1868, the Senate of Finland gave orders for three provinces to obtain quality stallions for public use.
Conversely, an EPC model can be transformed into a BPMN model with only a slight loss of information.
Patients with chronic ear infection where the drum and/or the small bones in the middle ear are damaged often have hearing loss, but difficulties in using a hearing aid fitted in the ear canal.
Most of her crew was rescued by her escorting destroyer, but that ship was sunk with the loss of most of her crew and all of Aganos survivors by an American airstrike the following day.
MRA techniques in general are sensitive to turbulent flow, which causes a variety of different magnetized proton spins to lose phase coherence (intra-voxel dephasing phenomenon), resulting in a loss of signal.
Having no immunity to the disease, large loss of life resulted.
There are some loads, however, that are affected by even the slightest loss of power.
After his loss to Matt Hughes, St-Pierre rebounded with a win over Dave Strasser at TKO 19 by a first-round kimura submission.
Further wetland loss is attributed to the construction of the now-closed Mississippi River Gulf Outlet, which introduced salt water into freshwater and intermediate marshes and facilitated significant erosion.
The carriers SS Saganaga and SS Lord Strathcona were sunk by U-513 on 5 September 1942, while SS Rosecastle and P.L.M 27 were sunk by U-518 on 2 November with the loss of 69 lives.
Despite the decision loss, Rua was awarded a Fight of the Night bonus award.
The son of Sydneys Royal Navy navigator, Montgomery could not accept the ship's loss as described by Gill, and claimed that the true events were being covered up.
Up until the 1980s, most of the material published relating to the loss of Sydney accepted the German interpretation of events (that Burnett was deceived by Kormorans disguise, and placed his ship in a tactically unsound position) and assigned Burnett various levels of blame for his role in the cruiser's demise.Olson, Bitter Victory, p. 112
Trailing by two votes in the last round to Jason Akermanis of the Brisbane Lions, he had amassed a season-high 37 disposals in Adelaide's final round loss to Fremantle; however, he was awarded no votes in that game, and he consequently finished second behind Akermanis.
Gidley played on the  in Newcastle's loss.
Law 126 stipulated that filing a false claim of a loss was punishable by law.
If that loss was reached or exceeded, the policy paid out.
A loss to Brøndby would mean that if AGF won its game against OB, the best team of the spring season would be relegated.
In his 10-year career he totaled 958 tackles (685 solos), 11.5 sacks, 89 tackles for loss, 6 forced fumbles, 5 fumble recoveries, 29 pass deflections, and 1 interception for 36 yards in 140 games.
The Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 led to a loss for Pakistan and a military surrender in East Pakistan.
Dexia posted a €4 billion loss for the second quarter, the biggest in its history, after writing down the value of its Greek debt.
The following season, he averaged 18.3 points and 9.1 rebounds, and on February 26, 1978, he scored 30 points and grabbed 21 rebounds in a 100-99 loss to his former team, Portland.
A major data loss caused the website to become unavailable and despite a short notice promising a rebuild it eventually failed to resolve to a destination in November 2012.
After the loss of her ship Rahimi, the Dowager Empress then ordered the build of even a larger ship with 62 guns and the placement of over 400 musket men.
India, on the other hand, came under extreme criticism for the loss and questions were asked of Dravid’s decision to field first, as well as the batsmen’s technique and application during the second innings when they collapsed from 75/3 to 100 all out.
 The death of this aspiring, idealistic, energetic artist [is] a grave loss ... Mahler, the Jew, could achieve elevation in Christianity.
In Round 18 of the 1993 NSWRL season, at age 16 years and 299 days old, Dunemann made his first grade debut for the Gold Coast Seagulls in their 16–46 loss to the North Sydney Bears.
For example, water fleas (Daphnia magna), exposed to microsporidian parasites produce more offspring in the early stages of exposure to compensate for future loss of reproductive success.
These canals prevented erosion damage, loss of water also acted as a sewer.
In 1881, Olga wrote a memoir called Traum der Jugend goldener Stern (translated as The Golden Dream of My Youth) which described her childhood at the Russian Imperial Court, her grief at the loss of her sister Alexandra, and her early adult life, ending with her wedding to Karl.
On May 5, 2002, Yamamoto suffered his first loss by TKO to Stephen Palling.
Threats to B. cuneata include land clearing, which leads to direct plant loss and population fragmentation, grazing pressure, competition from exotic weeds, changes to the fire regime, and encroaching salinity.
Below the compensation depth there is a net loss of organic matter.
The loss relegated Air21 in a round-robin wildcard phase.
Contraction alkalosis – This results from a loss of water in the extracellular space, such as from dehydration.
On 9 August 1974, a Canadian Forces CC-115 operating for the United Nations was shot down over Syria with the loss of five crew and four passengers.
Operation Spring High had destroyed two decoy targets for the loss of six aircraft and five pilots.
The ship disaster and loss of so much gold, which banks still depended on, contributed to the financial Panic of 1857 in the United States.
He then fled the city overseas, a defeated man from the loss of his family.
Marcus collapses from blood loss and Margaret is pulled into the pool of blood, from which Josiah emerges.
He was sacked by the latter in late November 1999, following a 1–3 loss at former club Levante; the team eventually ranked sixth, being however demoted due to financial irregularities.
Indiana Pacers 105, Miami Heat 102: Shaquille O'Neal sprained his ankle in the home opener loss for the Floridians and will be out for two to four weeks.
Caffeine consumption during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of pregnancy loss and increased risk of low birth weight, defined as below 2500 grams (5.5 pounds).
Medical care ratio (MCR), also known as medical cost ratio, medical loss ratio, and medical benefit ratio, is a metric used in managed health care and health insurance to measure medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues.
If the punt goes uncaught, it is the snapper's responsibility to make sure the ball does not enter the end zone or bounce backward resulting in loss of yards.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) stationed a lifeboat at Coverack in 1901 following the wreck of the SS Mohegan on The Manacles in 1898 with the loss of more than 100 lives.
Thus, the Newtonian equation for the particle  must contain a dissipative force (damping term), which takes into account this energy loss.
In energy production, in addition to loss of revenue and component costs, fines can be levied for non-delivery, increasing costs even further.
Arteriosclerosis is any hardening (and loss of elasticity) of medium or large arteries (from the Greek arteria, meaning artery, and sclerosis, meaning hardening)
While the act of measurement does lead to uncertainty, the loss of precision is less than that predicted by Heisenberg's argument when measured at the level of an individual state.
In 1835 on the loss of certain fees the holder was compensated by a perpetual pension of £62 9s.
The loss of American possessions in the first third of the 19th century cut off the inflow of precious metals into Spain and resulted in the gradual use of French coinage in local circulation.
Spectra for metal polycarbonyls are often easily interpretable, because the dominant fragmentation process is the loss of carbonyl ligands (m/z = 28).
On October 29, 2005, citing persistent loss of money, Libertyland permanently closed.
Glavine's eight run, one-inning outing garnered him his second loss.
Durante went on to make 24 appearances for the national team before announcing his full retirement from international football in November 2017 after the loss to Peru in the 2nd leg of the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification Intercontinental Playoff.
Box scores for completed games indicate who the winning and losing pitchers are, as determined by the official scorer; the absence of a win or loss designation for a starting pitcher indicates a no decision.
Though they were ranked in the top-25 until the final two games of the season, the season-ending loss to South Florida left them unranked heading into the Sun Bowl.
11 but lost to unranked Tulsa and they fell out of the rankings; in week 16 they were unranked but they received votes, but after a loss in their bowl game (Boca Raton), they didn't receive any votes and were unranked in the final rankings.
Following the first round loss to the New York Knicks, Detroit Pistons head coach Chuck Daly resigned, ending the Pistons' "Bad Boys" era.
Elrich then joined Perth Glory on an 18-month contract before the January transfer window shut, going on to play 10 A-League games, finishing with a 2–0 loss in the finals series semi-final match against Sydney FC.
Between 1980 and 2005, 69% of potential Sumatran elephant habitat was lost within just one elephant generation, and the driving forces that caused this habitat loss still remain essentially unchecked.
On December 7, 2003, Briggs recorded nine combined tackles (seven solo), deflected two passes, and intercepted a pass which he returned for the first touchdown of his career during a 34-21 loss at the Green Bay Packers in Week 13.
In a deleted scene, Gabriel hints that he has his suspicions about the Government school but is too afraid to confront the Alliance because it could lead to a loss of status.
The run came to an end in Everton's third league match of the 2012–13 season, when Gibson started in a 0–2 loss to West Bromwich Albion, although the match was level at 0–0 when Gibson was substituted in the first half due to injury.
Glencoe's second loss in a stakes race was the Derby Stakes, to Plenipotentiary and Shillelah.
This loss compensation scheme is ideally suited especially for metamaterial lenses since it does not require gain medium, nonlinearity, or any interaction with phonons.
He ended his international playing career with 8 A-international caps and 1 goal to his credit, his final cap a substitute appearance in a 2–4 loss, also to New Caledonia, on 18 July 1971.
As part of Volume 18 The Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew suffered a loss to the team of Ashley Lane and Nevaeh.
As a senior in 1964, he avenged that loss against Benedictine in the same City Championship Charity Game in a 48-6 rout, passing for 4 touchdowns and running for a 71-yard score.
Florian was visibly crying as he left the octagon after his loss to Penn.
It should seem that corn has there been lessened without making amends for the loss by ample products of new grass.
The loss of government oversight has led to competing ideologies from societies with different perspectives on what represents the qualities of a technologist.
Schembechler would use the memory of the 1968 Ohio State loss to motivate his team the following season.
However, a closed and well-sealed physical door is much more effective in reducing energy loss.
Loss of southern territories to the Satavahanas (end of 2nd century CE)
It implies dedifferentiation, or loss of structural and functional differentiation of normal cells.
They face loss of ancestral lands due to land grabbing or militarization, economic and social exclusion, and threats to their traditional culture and identity.
| colspan=8 style="text-align:center;" | 7 Matches, 5 Wins (3 Submissions), 1 Loss, 1 Draw
Another similar study that involved energetically challenging small mammals showed that diurnality is most beneficial when the animal has a sheltered location to rest in, reducing heat loss.
At first the Covelli Centre was running at a loss, however it has been consistently profitable for several years as of 2016.
As was customary after any defeat or the loss of any ship, Barclay was court-martialed.
The Court of Enquiry found Captain Lee culpable for the loss of his ship.
Due to variations in these factors across the population, the rate of progression and the threshold at which muscle loss becomes apparent is variable.
As the British military historian Brian Vale put it, "to a navy which consisted of 69 warships and 22 packet boat and transport vessels, manned by 10600 officers and men, the loss of [...] its smallest armed vessels made little difference to the ultimate balance of power".
In February 1994 after a shock FA Cup loss to Bristol City, a game in which Dicks did not play, the fans were calling for him to resign.
On Town's first match for the 2011–12 season, MacLean made his Yeovil debut in a 2–0 loss against Brentford.
The Smiths were a middling farm family, but suffered a fateful loss when Smith Sr., after speculating in ginseng and being cheated by a business associate, was financially ruined.
Botha's final K-1 match was a three-round decision loss to Jorgen Kruth on 20 May 2006 in a K-1 superfight in Stockholm, Sweden.
This marked Leben's fourth loss in a row.
On December 28, 1944, while transporting ammunition to Mindoro, Philippines, the Liberty ship SS John Burke was hit by a Japanese kamikaze aircraft, and disintegrated in a tremendous explosion with the loss of all hands.
This type of injury produces a very characteristic sign called Waiter's tip deformity due to loss of the lateral rotators of the shoulder, arm flexors, and hand extensor muscles.
He went seven innings, allowing the only run of the 1–0 loss with a solo homer to Gary Sheffield.
A loss by the Astros on the season's final day allows the St. Louis Cardinals to clinch their third straight National League Central title, despite St. Louis losing nine of their last twelve games after leading the division by seven games.
This would normally result in data loss.
Under no-fault insurance law, New York defines significant injury as including a permanent loss of use.
In addition, some patients may develop "pseudoaneurysms" after trauma which can eventually burst and bleed, a factor which might account for the delay in loss of consciousness.
As a result, companies reduce expenses through loss prevention and improved equipment maintenance.
In November 1854, their factory at Cowpen alley at the rear of Eutaw House burned, at an estimated loss of $190,000, and five weeks later their factory at Baltimore street near Paca Street burned, reportedly with little insurance coverage.
Loss of CBS affiliation and switch to MyNetworkTV
He was himself dismissed on 13 November, after a 3–0 loss to Vitória.
Generally, such loss can reduce other taxable income, subject to some limits.
The sitting prime minister Hjalmar Branting had to resign after the election loss in 1920, but stalled the process just to block a right-wing government.
He also had one reception for nine yards in Edmonton's 34-16 Western Final loss to Calgary.
This resulted in massive importation, which involved enormous suffering and loss of life from the capture and transportation of slaves from non-Muslim lands.
He scored in another defeat on 31 August, this time to his former club Leyton Orient, grabbing Colchester's solitary goal in the 2–1 home loss.
The Warriors went straight from ING Cup success to Pura Cup disappointment – their third loss in a row in that competition came at the Redbacks, who won by 129 runs after Darren Lehmann hit a career-best 301 not out to send the Redbacks to a first-innings total of 552 for 7 declared.
Harberger's first contribution to applied welfare economics estimated that the efficiency loss from monopoly--or, more precisely, from prices exceeding marginal cost--in US manufacturing was unlikely to exceed 0.1% of GDP.
But Dutch command now suffered such a loss of control that any thoughts to re-establish a continuous front had to be abandoned.
In other words, age-related taphonomic processes have resulted in the loss of many fish bones, and it is likely that more fish were originally deposited in the Middle Stone Age levels than have been recovered through archaeological excavations.
After the demoralizing loss, Turkey would go on to lose their final match of the preliminary phase 76-91 to the Czech Republic, which relegated the team to the classification round to finish out the tournament.
Schäfer's Esteghlal were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the AFC Champions League after a 5–3 aggregate loss to Al Sadd on 17 September 2018.
 Issue replacement certificates and diplomas upon presentation of credible evidence of loss or damage of the original.
“They Save Themselves Alone: Faith and Loss in the Stories of Abraham and Job.” Journal for the Study of the Old Testament, volume 34 (number 2) (December 2009): pages 115–29.
Maddon's final game as Cubs manager was a 9–0 loss to St. Louis that clinched the division and ended a four-year playoff drought for the Cardinals.
It is characterized by a loss of height of the nose, because of the collapse of the bridge.
Loss of bond strength can be reduced by using a reactive adhesive that after solidifying undergoes further curing, whether by moisture (e.g., reactive urethanes and silicones), or ultraviolet radiation.
As of 2015 Boroujerdi is in the ninth year of an 11-year prison sentence and despite "multiple health complications, including heart and respiratory problems and kidney stone complications and vision loss from cataracts", is being denied medical care.
Nicanor was killed very early in the battle, rattling the Seleucid force from the loss of its commander.
With significant habitat loss, plants become ever more isolated, lessening the likelihood that pollinators will travel from male to female plants.
Defending champion D.C. United crashed out after a 4-0 home loss to the Chicago Fire.
Any individual web user can block or delete cookies resulting in the data loss of those visits for Google Analytics users.
He also played in St Kilda's loss to Adelaide in the 1997 Grand Final, having kicked three goals against  in the preliminary final the previous week.
Her sisters shared this problem, which may have contributed to the magazine fire suffered by Imperatritsa Mariya that led to her loss in 1916.
Beaton's lease expired in 1945, and he was heartbroken to be forced to leave the house: his biographer Hugo Vickers has stated that Beaton never got over the loss of Ashcombe.
To determine if metal loss is occurring on the internal or external surface of a pipe, a separate eddy current sensor is utilized to indicate wall surface location of the anomaly.
Loss of phonetic autonomy and adaptation to adjacent phonetic units.
In Australia, ordinary external investors are free to buy shares cum-dividend and sell them ex-dividend, and treat the dividend income and capital loss the same as for any other investment.
Her loss led Peter de Neumann of the Port of London Authority to develop plans for a port control system, and the later introduction of the 'Truculent light', an extra steaming all-round white light on the bow, on British submarines, to ensure they remained highly visible to other ships.
Operational risk is the prospect of loss resulting from inadequate or failed procedures, systems or policies; employee errors, systems failure, fraud or other criminal activity, or any event that disrupts business processes.
The practice is primarily focused on helping their women to conceive and to correct any issues related to recurring pregnancy loss.
But by April 1, 2001, the Lakers last loss was to the New York Knicks and they never looked back as the team closed out the season on an eight-game winning streak, thus finishing the season 56-26 and closing out as the number 2 seed in the West behind the San Antonio Spurs.
Eniwetok Island was captured on 21 February with the loss of 37 Americans and nearly 800 Japanese.
High-reflectivity, low-emissivity roofs maintain a temperature very close to ambient at all times preventing heat gains in hot climates and minimizing heat loss in cold climates.
In his autobiographical book, Rockwell Kent describes the impact of the loss on Brigus, where many of the sealers from Southern Cross had lived.
The story follows the events that took place in the video games with differences to account for the loss of interactivity a video game provides.
On the cognitive side, the affected are often confronted with a loss of meaning and purpose together with the realization of one's own end.
Whereas Émile Durkheim saw individual crises as the by-product of social pathology and a (partial) lack of collective norms, others have seen existentialism as arising more broadly from the modernist crisis of the loss of meaning throughout the modern world.<ref>M.
Artah was the last Crusader-held fortress east of the city of Antioch and its loss could result in a direct threat to the city by Muslim forces.
the loss of resonator, and in the limit of   the Ikeda map becomes
Some WAGR syndrome patients show severe childhood obesity and hyperphagia; the acronym WAGRO (O for obesity) has been used to describe this category and may be associated with the coinciding loss of BDNF a gene that is also on chromosome 11.
Completely lost and having problems with his balance after the loss of his tail, A-cam manages to live off the countryside and travels far in an attempt to find his way home again, slowly adapting to his lack of a tail.
When cells are detached from the ECM, there is a loss of normal cell–matrix interactions, and they may undergo anoikis.
K-mount cameras have a suitable flange focal distance (45.46 mm) to adapt old M42 lenses without any optical correction or loss of infinity focus/changed close focus distance.
A mask-based design avoids the problem of loss of resolution, since a high-resolution photo can be generated for the focused parts of the scene.
They faced little opposition from the Ryukyuans, who lacked any significant military capabilities, and who were ordered by King Shō Nei to surrender peacefully rather than suffer the loss of precious lives.
Mega Man accidentally awakens Juno, who refers to Mega Man as "Mega Man Trigger", and realizes that Mega Man is suffering from memory loss.
Their playoff run fell one win short with a 3–2 loss in game 7, giving the New York Rangers their first Stanley Cup since 1940.
The subsequent bombing attack by Grumman Avenger IIs of 851 Naval Air Squadron caused only minor damage to Haguro, for the loss of an aircraft whose crew was taken prisoner by the Japanese.
After playing in the 3–1 loss against Montenegro in March 2008, Opdal lost his position as first-choice goalkeeper to Rune Jarstein.
Genitourinary effects of low estrogen include thinning of the vaginal epithelium, loss of vaginal barrier function, decrease of vaginal folding, decrease of the elasticity of the tissues, and decrease of the secretory activity of the Bartholin glands, which leads to traumatization of the vaginal mucosa and painful sensations.
Bob Holly claimed that Gunn's inevitable loss to Butterbean was a punishment for defeating the company's desired winner, Steve Williams.
In the winter of 1997/98, the loss was stayed by the installation of one thousand cubic yards of stone in front of the tower.
This impact on traditional foods was further accentuated by the loss of traditional lands, which has resulted in reduced access to native foods by Aboriginal people, and destruction of native habitat for agriculture.
Repeated counterattacks by the SADF's 61 Mechanised Battalion Group resulted in the annihilation of FAPLA's 47 Brigade and the loss of its remaining bridgeheads, sending the remainder of the FAPLA units reeling back towards Cuito Cuanavale.
Yet others with cardiac tamponade, a life-threatening complication, may present with dyspnea, low blood pressure, weakness, restlessness, hyperventilation (rapid breathing), discomfort with laying flat, dizziness, syncope or even loss of consciousness.
A single loss or leaving the mode ends the player's run.
Following her arrest and subsequent release two days later, Nico decides to find out more about what Vernon had found out, and returns to his apartment, finding his girlfriend, Beatrice, residing inside, still coping with the loss of Vernon.
The Long Depression hit the countryside around 1874, forcing farmers to reduce their output or sell at a loss.
Initial assessments were difficult due to communication loss with the four hardest-hit provinces.
It was the most wins the program had tallied in 17 years and its first NCAA Tournament game (a lopsided loss to Billy Donovan and Florida) in five years.
These opinions, though rejected by the papers, were a sign of the underlying loss of consciousness of the traditional functions of the press.
Unless the Government of Canada is quickly dissuaded from its present course by Parliamentary action and public insistence, we are on a path that may well lead to the permanent loss not only of privacy rights but also important elements of freedom as we now know it..."
Zakarian's record does not include his loss to Morimoto in Battle Sardines, or his victory over Elizabeth Falkner in the finale of The Next Iron Chef as Zakarian did not hold the title Iron Chef during either battle.
A gifted speaker with an incisive mind and devastating wit, his death was regarded as a great loss to Ireland's political and intellectual life.
Embrittlement, or loss of ductility, is often accompanied by a change in fracture mode from transgranular to intergranular fracture.
On August 30, the typhoon battered the United States military base on Iwo Jima with winds of 110 mph (175 km/h), resulting in communication loss for roughly 23 hours.
The system can have a total loss of power for an indefinite length of time and then resume to the original state.
The serum anion gap is useful for determining whether a base deficit is caused by addition of acid or loss of bicarbonate.
He hit the longest home run in Busch Stadium history in a 4–2 loss to Kansas City on June 30, 2016, which traveled , and to that point, was the second-longest home run of the season in the major leagues.
If the Agent has acted without actual authority, but the Principal is nevertheless bound because the Agent had apparent authority, the Agent is liable to indemnify the Principal for any resulting loss or damage.
Robert's lands in Gwynedd were now taken over by Earl Hugh of Chester, but the Welsh revolt of 1094 led by Gruffudd ap Cynan resulted in the loss of most of this territory.
Following the loss of  and hull issues with the Armidale class requiring an intense remedial maintenance program, two Cape-class patrol boats were leased to the RAN from late 2015 until the end of 2016.
Two-time Big Eight selection Willie Murrell averaged 25.3 points per game during the run, which ended in a 90-82 loss to eventual national champion UCLA.
The new Moose is positive, focusing on assistance and self-help topics like weight loss, smoking cessation, and anxiety/stress reduction.
 Pressure loss inside drillstring
In December 2008, it was announced that the Beamish and Crawford brewery was to close in March 2009 with the loss of 120 jobs.
During the war, Gilot's father attempted to save the most valuable household belongings by moving them, but the truck was bombed by the Germans, leading to the loss of Gilot's drawings and watercolors.
The awards allocated only a fraction of the territories lost by the Treaty of Trianon, and the loss resented the most by the Hungarians was that of Transylvania, which had been ceded to Romania.
This type of injury can alter brain function, cause memory loss, headaches and/or nausea.
This is also used to prevent confrontations between groups, which will prevent energy loss by avoiding physical fighting.
Chorley was almost ever present during his first season with the club, making 47 appearances in all competitions, and scoring once in a 2–1 away loss at Millwall in April 2010.
Bowlby observed that the innate attachment system would be activated by loss of proximity to the mother, and that long-lasting trauma to the child could result from attachment interruption.
He won six games in a row, but on June 30 he hurt his arm in his first loss.
Populations have declined because of habitat loss, though the species remains abundant.
The loss was overshadowed by approximately 40 Offenbach supporters storming the field in the 84th minute and forcing a twenty-minute interruption to the return leg.
Altogether the battalion suffered a loss of 74 killed in action or died of wounds or sickness, and to commemorate these lads who thus gave their lives for their country is the main purpose of this publication."
The Outlaws rebounded after the loss with a scoring onslaught to defeat the Tri-Cities Fever twice, the Kent Predators once,  the San Angelo Stampede Express once, the Arkansas Diamonds once, and the Sioux Falls Storm twice.
Flat mirrors are also often used at the ends of the pump cavity to reduce loss.
He then scored his second goal of the season, in a 4–2 loss against Tottenham Hotspur in the third round FA Cup replay on 14 January 2015.
Routine investigation for hearing loss usually involves an audiogram which shows threshold levels relative to a normal.
Most of the individuals exposed did not immediately show signs of radiation sickness, though within a few days other effects of significant radiation exposure manifested: loss of hair and significant skin damage, including "raw, weeping lesions", among the Rongelap and Ailinginae groups.
Rabbi Samuel ben Naḥman taught that Benjamin's son's names, as listed in , reflected Benjamin's loss of Joseph.
The club was also in deep financial trouble, owing a debt of around $7.5 million with a forecast operating loss of $750,000 for the season.
The Beermen entered the Fiesta Conference semifinals only to lose to Alaska in six hard fought games and placed fourth in a loss to Red Bull for the consolation third-place trophy.
Notwithstanding the fact that causation may be established in the above situations, the law often intervenes and says that it will nevertheless not hold the defendant liable because in the circumstances the defendant is not to be understood, in a legal sense, as having caused the loss.
Some patients reported temporary hair loss and erythema.
Phytolacca extract was advertised as a prescription weight loss drug in the 1890s.
After the Japanese loss at Pyeongyang, Kuroda Yoshitaka called for the removal of Konishi Yukinaga, saying that he was a poor leader and did not get along with his fellow commanders.
Ram is a cute , very good and charming and a man of great ideals, who believes in giving a rightful place to Anjali and respects her boundaries and sensibilities and gives her ample space to cope with her loss.
Two of their overtime games went into multiple overtimes, those was their 3 overtime game against North Carolina in the 1957 National Championship game and their double overtime loss to Texas Western in the 1966 Elite Eight.
Men's: (12) Pittsburgh 80, (25) Syracuse 67: The Panthers, behind a career-high 32 points from guard Carl Krauser, bounce back at home from their first loss of the season.
The theatre closed in 1972 due to a loss of interest in downtown.
In a parametric insurance policy, insurance companies need to verify that the loss event exceeded the trigger event(s) specified in the policy.
Black Prince was blown up with the loss of all hands that night after blundering into the main German battle line in the dark, leaving Duke of Edinburgh as the sole vessel in 1st Cruiser Squadron to survive Jutland.
This loss of support in favor of Hindu faiths like Vaishnavism and Shaivism, is the beginning of the long and complex period of the Decline of Buddhism in the Indian subcontinent.
The first group served well although  was rammed by a cargo ship and sunk near the Panama Canal on 28 October 1923 with the loss of three crew members.
loss tangent), which provides a measure of damping in the material.
Modifying water regulation to ensure that salmon nests remained under water resulted in a loss equivalent to more than $45 million in potential power over 30 years, yet dramatically increased the number of salmon returning to the Skagit River.
He played as a substitute in three games before starting in the final 20–21 loss to the Springboks.
There was considerable apprehension among the Axis of a British outflanking move south of the Jebel Akhdar, made worse by the loss of a fuel tanker en route to Benghazi.
The Framing Effect – buyers are more price-sensitive when they perceive the price as a loss rather than a forgone gain, and they have greater price sensitivity when the price is paid separately rather than as part of a bundle.
Crimean Tatars pillaged many villages in Upper Hungary in the summer of 1599, which contributed to his loss of popularity with the noblemen.
He is joined by several other travelers along the way, each linked to the clawed man by a personal loss.
Many Filipino women working abroad have experienced worsening mental health, reporting symptoms of depression from a loss of belonging, loneliness, and guilt.
On 5 April 2004, he scored his debut goal, by scoring Unterhaching's only goal in a 3–1 loss to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
Around this time, Dini began an extensive weight loss and exercise regimen, having reached a weight of 320 pounds.
("The irreversible loss of left-handedness")
After firing Martin, Trump remarked that this was one of his toughest decisions in the history of the show - while Frank was primarily responsible for the loss due to setting the car wash price arguably low, Trump noted that he had a certain "tremendous fire" that Martin lacked.
Her empathic nature makes her a valuable counselor (for example, when she consoles Miss Masu following the loss of the latter's estranged fiancé) and is capable of quelling pain/anxiety of all on board by the strumming of her lap harp.
He set school records for career sacks (31) and tackles for loss (53).
The following season, Indiana went 15–14, including a first round home loss in the NIT.
Central to this argument was that Esanda had suffered a loss which would not have occurred if not for reliance on Excel's audited accounts, which were prepared with a breach of standards.
So do I—with every line and every word of it, and, having read and reread it with growing admiration, I cannot forbear from expressing my sense of the loss which not only his colleagues in the High Court of Australia but all who anywhere are concerned with the administration of the common law have suffered by his premature death.”
This usually occurs during, for example, the sudden loss of a large conventional 660 MW plant, or a sudden unexpected rise in power demand eroding the normal spinning reserve available.
Six months after his loss to Frank Mir, Sylvia returned (a titanium plate had been attached to his forearm) to the UFC in February 2005, taking on Andrei Arlovski to crown an interim UFC heavyweight champion as Mir, while still the nominal UFC champion, had suffered numerous injuries from a motorcycle accident that left him unable to defend his title.
The base of the octagon was   side to side across its bottom before the loss of its terra cotta covering.
His second cap came in a 3–0 home loss to Germany on 27 March 1999 in a Euro 2000 qualifier.
Specialization is described as a loss of general adaptability, and leads to extinction.
Rosario and Lucía feel great pain for the loss of their dear friend, and gratitude for her generosity.
The Bruins improve to 8–1 with their only loss coming to 5th ranked Memphis (88–80).
The 2018 remastered version features six remixed songs, while the tracks on Side Two of the original vinyl release were "focused, edited and 'made symmetrical'" resulting in the loss of "Serpent Shade".
Fever, nausea with or without vomiting, chills, loss of appetite, headache, muscle aches and bloating can also occur, but are less common.
On 3 October 2007, Cadbury announced plans to close the Somerdale plant, the historic home of the Fry's Factory, by 2010 with the loss of some 500 jobs.
The deal was to bolster Blue Sky's output and replace the loss of distributing DreamWorks Animation films, which are now owned and distributed by Universal Pictures.
On November 12, 2012, Aldridge recorded a career-high eight assists in a 95–87 loss to the Atlanta Hawks.
Below the reservoir, the Loss Burn is joined by the Crunie Burn to form the Menstrie Burn.
In addition, global warming and ocean acidification also contribute significantly to worldwide loss.
By now his initial body wound had been compounded by grenade fragments, yet despite the multiple wounds and loss of blood, he continued to lead his men against the intense enemy fire.
Although apparently there is just a stress shift (from amas to amás), the origin of such a stress is the loss of the diphthong of the ancient vos inflection from vos amáis to vos amás.
The 1970s started off with a win over Paraguay in 1971, which was followed by a win and loss against Chile and a win against Brazil.
Johnstone played in Canterbury's preliminary final loss against Parramatta that year.
Although Louisville started the 2007 season as #10 in the AP Poll and returned the majority of the 2007 Orange Bowl champion team, including Heisman Trophy candidate Brian Brohm at quarterback, the Cards finished the season a disappointing 6–6, including a loss to Syracuse in which the Cardinals were 37 point favorites.
If there is a net capital gain, it is included in taxable income and if negative the capital loss is carried forward to the next year.
Despite the Indians' success on-field, their contract with WKNR was a loss leader for the station, which was running an annual $1 million deficit.
It was thought he might assert his claim now, but Gandhi's loss had affected him equally deeply, and although there was still some discord between him and Nehru, he buried himself resolutely in his work on the integration of the princely states.
Evans caught 4 passes in the AFC Championship loss to the Colts.
By coincidence, engine development manager Roberto B. Beccardi was already working on an engine hop-up project on his own, but GMB wasn't interested in it until Sharp and Balder's loss.
The soldiers want someone to be held to account for the loss, over Wintergreen and his associates' objections ("Oyez, Oyez, Oyez").
For Winnipeg, it was the worst loss by a western team in the Grey Cup since 1923 when Queen's University routed the Regina Roughriders 54-0.
Neptūnas returned to the second place the next week, after Rytas suffered a loss themselves.
1940: The "Sheffield Blitz"—heavy bombing over the nights of 12 and 15 December led to the loss of over 660 lives, and the destruction of numerous buildings.
The state realigned the proposals to reduce the loss of wetlands, and also proposed the addition of  of wetlands.
He pitched 7 innings giving up 3 hits and 1 run, but received a no decision in the Yankees' 3-2 loss.
Minnesota...Stepped in front of a slant pattern meant for Ron Johnson to intercept the ball and was in on 4 tackles, including one for a 5-yard loss as Johnson experienced the first game of his career with no catches.
Anthropologists, (quantitative) historians, and sociologists have proposed a variety of explanations for the collapse of civilizations involving causative factors such as environmental change, depletion of resources, unsustainable complexity, invasion, disease, decay of social cohesion, rising inequality, secular decline of cognitive abilities, loss of creativity, and misfortune.
This new handicap and the loss of his wife led Jack to desire to reconnect with Tim, who by now had become Robin.
Skaff went 2-for-3 with an RBI three days later as the Dodgers' third baseman in an 18–14 loss to the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field.
He finished the year with a semifinal loss to Niklas Edin at the 2011 Players' Championship.
In Operation Portcullis, the five ships of convoy MW 14 arrived from Port Said with  of supplies, the first convoy to arrive without loss since 1941.
Acute blood loss or acute liver cirrhosis creates a lack of transferrin therefore causing iron to be secreted from the body.
Weight loss did not vary between groups.
On the other hand, Vázquez claimed that the Spanish "were winners with very little loss, having wounded and slaughtered many people to the rebels".
However, after a long and hard-fought battle, Parker was forced to call off the attack, having sustained heavy casualties, including the loss of a ship.
The grids are questionably effective at preventing crop loss, with one farmer who operated such a grid estimating that they still lost  of fruit to flying foxes in a year.
The station access arrangement has changed and loss of most features of the yard has resulted in the station context being diminished.
Frequent balance loss and falls.
Following this loss, Allen ran for the Maine Legislature once more, serving one term before moving from Bangor to Boston in 1847 and being elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1849.
The loss also snapped Minnesota's streak of 21 straight non-conference wins.
A commonly held idea is that tramway competition led to a loss of passengers.
The loss dropped the Broncos to a 9–7 overall record and 4–4 at home.
The Bears suffered their eighth loss of the season to the Dallas Cowboys, in which Cutler threw 341 yards, two touchdowns and one interception, mathematically eliminating the Bears from the playoffs.
However, after remaining undefeated up until this point of the tour, Australia then lost two matches – a 15–9 defeat to a French Selection XV at Perpignan and a 36–6 loss to a French Selection XV at Agen.
Within aerosol computer models aerosols and cloud droplets are mostly treated separately so that nucleation represents a loss process that has to be parametrised.
Alexander Severus' arch, which dates from 222-235, is relatively well preserved, despite the loss of its upper elements.
The warrior Dekanandi later told Sir William Johnson that 309 warriors attacked the British and their only loss was one man wounded.
Inexpensive reading programs that reduce summer reading loss among low-income or at-risk students include giving kids books that interest them.
In contrast to the confusion and loss of leadership aboard the American vessel, the British boarding party was being effectively organised.
The business was further restructured, with the loss of 172 casual and 246 permanent jobs, leaving only 83 Darrell Lea employees.
Festivals support a safe space for coming of age rituals for young women, adult romance and commitment ceremonies, the expression of alternative perspectives on motherhood, and the expression of grief and loss.
a listing which is completely inferential, based on its highly restricted range and extensive habitat loss (deforestation) and degradation within that range due to logging and conversion to non-forest land uses.
Any malfunction could result in death or in equipment loss.
 The loss of experience and expertise among independent peers.
Corning's SMF-28 fiber, a standard single-mode fiber for telecommunications wavelengths, has a loss of 0.17 dB/km at 1550 nm.
Management fears that continued publicity will mean the loss of a major contract, while some workers take matters into their own hands.
"I'm at a loss to explain that video," said Cain.
He played in the Eels 2009 NRL Grand Final loss to Melbourne Storm.
The aircraft is slowed by the loss of energy required to crush the EMAS material.
Mick never recovered from the loss of his beloved wife Barbara and lost the will to live, despite the loving care of the nurses at the celebrity home for retired actors Brinsworth House where he lived out his final days.
The weather was poor and even before they had left Scottish waters, one of the ships transporting the horses foundered and sank—another ship whose master was a Captain Watterton was wrecked as it approached the French coast with the loss of many gentlemen and valuable cargo.
This allows Chinese paixiao to be fully chromatic without loss in timbre, even though the included pipes are tuned diatonically.The method of blowing so is to hold the head of the frame with both hands, with the mouthpiece facing the front, place the lower lip on the mouthpiece, and find and blow each tube according to the pitch.
However, in December 1992 Grupo Torras entered receivership among accusations of fraud, and Kuwait's investment was a total loss.
The Safeway insurance plan that provided benefits for loss of pay due to accident or sickness did not give full benefits for 17 weeks for those who were unable to work due to pregnancy.
It hosted four group games and one Round of 16 match; among them were the Australia vs Brazil game – a match that was notable for witnessing the first goals conceded by Brazil in the group stage in 16 years as well as Brazil's first group stage loss for 24 years.
At the close of the year in 2006, the company reported a $3.7m loss on revenue of $68.6m.
Odynophagia often results in inadvertent weight loss.
In 2012, after injuries and form loss, Naiqama was dropped to NSW Cup after Round 9 by new Knights coach Wayne Bennett.
Warnings continued into September 29, and local emergency offices enforced strict curfews for New Orleans as landfall approached; meteorologist Isaac Cline stated in an entry to the Monthly Weather Review that the effective dissemination of warnings and strict enforcement of curfew "unquestionably" mitigated additional loss of life in the city.
Closure of the airbase in 1999 had a considerable effect on the local economy, with the loss of 400 jobs and the departure of 5,000 base personnel and dependants.
The Court of Ava had not expected, and were unwilling to accept, the complete loss of their western empire and the harsh penalties demanded.
The Bartons left Australia with their wives soon after the collapse of their companies and the loss then sanicof more than $250 million of the public's money.
She arranges to meet Phoebe to explain that Sylvester's arrogance has arisen from the grief he suffered after the loss of his twin brother and how much he loves Phoebe.
Major mortality factors include predation, disease, infanticide, habitat loss, poisoning, trapping, and shooting.
Withers played for the Bradford Bulls at , scoring a try in their 2002 Super League Grand Final loss against St. Helens.
It is listed as a critically endangered species due to habitat loss and a restricted range.
He returned on 21 November, scoring in a 1–4 home loss to Liverpool; this was his 85th Premier League goal, making him the top-scoring South American of all time in the division, ahead of his compatriot and former strike partner Carlos Tevez.
Although this has meant the loss of the characteristic curved roof and has blunter eaves, it is still considered dignified and beautiful.
Hearing loss that occurs after the development of speech is classified as postlingual.
This was likely fabricated and no recording exists, as the crew may have been unconscious from loss of cabin pressure and the astronauts did not wear individual voice recorders.
When , then there has been a loss, which results in tax savings.
New Zealand had come off a 4–0 loss in South Africa two months before, but in August they had defeated India to win the Videocon Tri-Series.
Lewis caught his first pass as a Packer on November 4, 2018 during a Week 9 loss to the New England Patriots.
 Loss of sensitivity to substances that cause spiculation of cells
Three unanswered goals were scored against Germany after his sending off, making him the scapegoat for his country's 0–3 loss.
In Game 3, Thurston scored a try in the Maroons 32-10 2005 State of Origin series loss at Suncorp Stadium.
In round 6 of the 2017 NRL season, he suffered a calf injury during the Cowboys' 16–26 loss to the Tigers.
After a home loss to Arkansas on November 24, 1989 (which broke a streak of 19 consecutive SWC home victories), they would not lose again in College Station until December 2, 1995 when his Aggies lost to Texas 16-6, although they did tie Baylor (20-20) on October 20, 1990.
Harley endured a difficult start to his first season as captain, as he ruptured a finger tendon during the club's round one loss to the Western Bulldogs.
The loss made the Freeze 0-3 when they play the Legends in Canton, Ohio.
The Ceinture syndicate, most likely because of its 1907-1908 loss of 3 million passengers (from 28 million), refused to fill the void, and instead reorganised its then Ceinture-Syndicate-only Courcelles-Ceinture/Courcelles-Ceinture passenger service to two trains an hour in evenings, three an hour in 'daytime' periods, and six an hour during rush-hour periods.
After losing to Mike Quackenbush on Night 1, Castagnoli suffered an upset loss against his BDK stablemate Sara Del Rey on Night 2, after which he turned on not only Del Rey, but also Daizee Haze as she was standing up for her regular tag team partner.
Johnson also had 45 quarterback sacks for 333 yards, 43 tackles for a total loss of 113 yards, 16 fumble recoveries with three for touchdowns, eight forced fumbles, 17 interceptions (one for a TD), and 10 pass knockdowns.
Elsewhere he has written about the loss of a Christian culture in the West, including in the academic and cultural establishments, and the need for Christians to contextualize to the current secular and anti-religious cultural climate.
Sulfide was accumulated near the vent due to the loss of magma velocity at the vent interface.
Villablanca suffered his first knockout loss, being beaten by Vargas in the seventh round.
Lescott made his debut twelve days later, playing the entirety of a 3–2 loss away to Leicester City.
In those 12 finals appearances, his only loss came in the singles final of 1903, when he was defeated by Kreigh Collins, an outstanding player out of Chicago.
Two-thirds of its prewar cotton spindles were scrapped by wartime administrators, and bombing and destruction of urban areas had caused a further loss of 20 percent of spinning and 14 percent of weaving capacity".
Heidi, fearing the weight loss may be due to cancer, calls Dr. Mike Houston, with whom Billy begins to suspect his wife is having an affair.
The hydride should react irreversibly with the loss of hydrogen to give the desired carbene, with the inorganic by-products and excess hydride being removed by filtration.
Faced with loss of control of Studebaker, Albert Russel Erskine committed suicide in 1933 on the Studebaker proving grounds (now Bendix Woods Park) outside of South Bend, Indiana.
On November 21, 1995, Maciver scored his first regular season goal with the Penguins, as he scored against Mike Richter of the New York Rangers in a 9–4 loss.
Starting seven games, including five at right defensive end, Wong then had 39 total tackles, including five tackles for loss and one sack in 1995.
Despite considerable pressure on the jury to find the defendants guilty, with Judge Advocate of the Admiralty Sir Dr Thomas Newton reminding the jury that the consequences of an acquittal would be "the total loss of the Indian trade, and thereby the impoverishment of this kingdom," the jury passed a verdict of not guilty.
When Schilt flipped him over, Nogueira feigned an armbar from the guard and then locked a triangle choke, making Schilt tap out in his second loss in PRIDE.
The fires that resulted from an ammunition explosion at Bombay's Victoria docks raged for days, and the loss of life and property was enormous, but the contents in many of the Godrej safes survived, including one belonging to a bank.
Defeated at the polls and in the courtroom, the Democrats, desperate to avoid another loss, became aware of discord between the Fusion alliance of black Republicans and white Populists, although it appeared that the Fusionists would sweep the upcoming elections of 1898, if voters voted on the issues.
The Minnesota Vikings entered the November 19 game in Atlanta with a spotless 9–0 record, but left with their first loss.
Artificial defaunation of Reticulitermes species by force-feeding on starch or starvation leads to a loss of flagellates and, by association, these endosymbiotic Endomicrobia, and an increase in abundance of free-living relatives.
Symptoms of overdose of mephobarbital include confusion, decrease in or loss of reflexes, somnolence, fever, irritability, hypothermia, poor judgment, shortness of breath or slow/troubled breathing, slow heartbeat, slurred speech, staggering, trouble in sleeping, unusual movements of the eyes, weakness.
His career was on the rocks in 2008 before rebounding to reach some of his best form in the latter stages of 2009 despite suffering a broken leg in the round three loss to Geelong.
Candido explains that it is simply prudent business practice to satisfy a customer's demands—even if it means taking a loss every once in a while.
The loss of Petworth and the other former Seymour and Percy estates was a great blow to the 3rd earl's nephew George Wyndham, 4th Earl of Egremont (1786-1845) who by law had inherited the earldom but without any of the lands.
The character Dory, from the movie Finding Nemo, shows severe short term memory loss.
Further scholarship indicates that although Bingham's son used the painting in 1880 to attack Ewing when he ran for Governor of Ohio, it did not prove to be the deciding influence in Ewing's narrow loss.
A collection of essays on poetry and loss, Threading Light, was published in 2011 by Hagios Press.
Superinsulation is an approach to building design, construction, and retrofitting that dramatically reduces heat loss (and gain) by using much higher levels of insulation and airtightness than normal.
Following the burning of the Rotunda in 1895, the firm of McKim, Mead, and White and its architect Stanford White was hired to rebuild the Rotunda and to create new academic buildings to compensate for the loss of the Rotunda annex.
Before concluding he spoke of the loss that they had sustained through the death of Mr. Fox, and made on allusion to the sympathy of Christ in all affliction, and especially in so wide an affliction as that which they had experience.
Shake blamed his loss on New York governor Al Smith's nomination in the U.S. presidential election of 1928.
In experiments, blocking OGFr function with siRNA technology resulted in loss of any antiproliferative effect of imiquimod.
They finished off the season with 10 wins and 1 loss, marking the best season in school history.
Almost half of people with AEL exhibit weight loss, fever and night sweats at the time of diagnosis.
The project incurs an additional evaporation and leakage loss of 64 Mgd.
Using surface error scanning to check the data integrity allows discovering loss of data integrity before uncorrectable errors occur.
In "Weight Loss, Andy Bernard spits on his shoe before a weigh-in.
After the loss Guerrero publicly asked Dr. Wagner, Jr. to join him for a challenge to Místico and Negro Casas for the CMLL Tag Team Championship.
He added that in moving the production of Pantysgawn from a single small farm to a larger operation resulted in no loss of care in the production.
The loss of limbs does not otherwise affect gameplay.
Richmond covered the loss and finished the home-and-away season on top for the first time in eight years.
On 19 February 2011, Euell made his debut in a 3–0 loss against Swansea City.
After the Republic was established in 1931, and despite the loss of its hegemony to the new left-wing nationalist party Republican Left of Catalonia (ERC), the Lliga accepted the new government, supported the first Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia and changed its name to Lliga Catalana (Catalan League).
Briarwood and Plaza Towers sustained enough damage to be considered a total loss.
In this ranking 3 points are awarded for a win, 1 for a draw and 0 for a loss.
On the contrary, loss of genes is important in reductive evolution, such as in intracellular parasites or symbionts.
There was opposition to the loss of PA's individual identity, but both student bodies eventually moved into a shared building in 1984, christened the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School.
He served seven years in prison for murder, emerging in 1896 with no loss of political zeal.
After his defeat by Clark, less than two-weeks after, McCarty faced Harry Wuest, in which he followed another loss in the form of a newspaper decision.
4 (AP only) Oklahoma's 14–13 loss to unranked Texas in the Red River Shootout.
Due to medical advice and a "medical procedure" (following his loss to Poland's Włodarczyk in November 2011), Green was forced out of the 2011 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race.
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) - helps prevent wheel slip and loss of traction by reducing engine power and applying brake force to the wheels that need it
Russian Armenia is the period of Armenian history under Russian rule from 1828, when Eastern Armenia became part of the Russian Empire following Qajar Iran's loss in the Russo-Persian War (1826–1828) and the subsequent ceding of its territories that included Eastern Armenia per the out coming Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828.
As she reached the quarterfinals in 2009, this loss caused Azarenka to drop to world No.
Refsum disease (also known as adult Refsum disease) is an autosomal recessive disorder that results in the accumulation of toxic stores of phytanic acid in tissues and frequently manifests as a variable combination of peripheral polyneuropathy, cerebellar ataxia, retinitis pigmentosa, anosmia, and hearing loss.
The venue saw a net loss of $138,000 in 1978 and $200,000 in 1979.
(SNC and RPN, however, were sold to the ALC Group of Companies chair, Ambassador Antonio Cabangon Chua, in August 2014, due to the Tieng's loss of revenue after investing on RPN.)
later becomes , but not before the loss of older  below.
Ukraine will get a $50 million loan for green technology until 2024 and Germany will set up a billion dollar fund to promote Ukraine's transition to green energy to compensate the loss of the gas transit fees.
He made his debut in a 1–0 loss to Sunderland on 15 August.
While taking pictures of a waterfall, he tumbled and fell to his death, succumbing to "heavy loss of blood and severe brain injuries".
After the loss of Hellboy, Kraus was hired to replenish the Bureau's pool of "enhanced talents".
At the time he was fighting deportation to Australia to face fraud charges for a separate weight loss scam.
This effect may cause power loss of up to 30%.
On March 14, 2014 UniCredit announced that it expected to cut around 8,500 jobs in the future, together with the announcement of a $15 billion loss in the 4th quarter of 2013 due to extensive cash-reserving for bad loans and writing down goodwill from acquisitions.
Possible loss of ABC affiliation 
Slay highly dislikes Kei, blaming him for all the trouble and loss of the Glomar's crewmembers from the Chilam because of his status as a Tokuiten.
Lord McKay also said when introducing the act, "The days when a child was regarded as a possession of his family, indeed to sue on their loss, are today buried forever".
Karstens was the pitching matchup in the highly anticipated debut of young phenom Stephen Strasburg, giving up 9 hits for 4 runs (4 earned) in 5 innings for his second loss of the season.
Accidents and loss of life became common place.
In the wake of the loss of three senior Cabinet ministers, Menzies was forced to reshuffle his ministry.
He felt very few films dealt with the loss of a loved one.
This led to a feud between Suzuki and Yano, however, Suzuki's attempt to avenge the loss led to another defeat on September 29, when he was counted out after being handcuffed to a ringside guard rail by Yano.
First is the inherent light loss that comes with attaching the unit to the front of the camera.
Eye-gouging involves a very high risk of eye injury, such as eye loss or blindness.
The US also used RC aircraft, including modified B-17 Flying Fortress and B-24 Liberator heavy bombers in Aphrodite and Anvil operations in combat on a small scale during World War II as very large aerial torpedoes, though with no great success and the loss of aircrew including Joseph P. Kennedy, Jr.
The audio software also allows you to vary the playback speed without loss of pitch.
That led to the loss of the SS Daniel J. Morrell in 1966, and may have been a factor in many other shipwrecks.
At present it has not been established whether the gravity of Mars, 0.38 times that of the Earth, would be sufficient to avoid bone decalcification and loss of muscle tone experienced by astronauts living in a micro-g environment.
Sato initially gets the upper hand, but Nick takes advantage of Sato's finger loss to defeat him.
LaRoche was designated for assignment following a 10-6 loss to the Chicago White Sox, having played just one game for the Blue Jays and going 0-4 at the plate.
He gained over 100 yards the following week against Southern Mississippi, finishing the game with 158 rushing yards, in the 23–6 loss.
On December 21, in a game against the New York Giants for the number one playoff seed, Williams rushed 24 times for 108 yards and four rushing touchdowns in an overtime 34–28 loss.
Devastated by the loss of his fellow Jedi—and the betrayal of his former apprentice Anakin Skywalker—Obi-Wan has been left with one last task: To watch over and protect a young child named Luke.
With some films, that indicates the director's loss of control over tone.
In the 7th century Norman attacks caused a loss of population throughout the Morrazo, but from the 12th century, took place a new resurgence of the population, after Archbishop Diego Gelmírez established a plan to defend the coast.
But with the disappearance of local High School Football teams (Montreal-West HighSchool, Marymount High School and the loss of the NDG Maple leafs), recruiting players has become difficult, players now come from outside the local area, making canvasing a thing of the past.
Blackouts in freediving can occur when the breath is held long enough for metabolic activity to reduce the oxygen partial pressure sufficiently to cause loss of consciousness.
 Drying in air at  and relative loss of mass determined
In this system, there is an additional support ring or insert attached to the wheel that can support the weight of the vehicle in the event of a loss of pressure.
Provide incentives to the villagers to compensate for the loss of crops (particularly, from the tamarind trees)
The club gave Conference giants Kettering Town a scare in a brave 3–1 loss when the sides entered half time at 1–1 in front of a crowd of 989.
The Nguni overlords tried to offset the loss of homogeneity by requiring their subjects to adopt their customs, such as pierced earlobes.
Alabama's subsequent loss in the Iron Bowl later that year would drop the Crimson Tide out of contention for the College Football Playoff for the first time in the history of the playoffs.
On November 13, 2003, Tillman collected a season-high 11 combined tackles (nine solo), deflected two passes, and intercepted a pass by Marc Bulger in the Bears' 23–21 loss against the St. Louis Rams in Week 11.
There is no evidence that Nunes Garcia was dismissed in the replacement, or suffered financial loss because of it.
 Loss of the Four Masted Schooner Winslow, built Port Blakely
One advantage of RTFD is that it supports scalable high quality image formats like PDF, so an RTFD file can print with no information loss at large paper sizes.
He scored his first goal for the club, in a 5–3 loss against Krylia Sovetov Samara in the first leg of the UEFA Cup on 15 September 2005.
However, he suffered a calf injury and was substituted in the 57th minute during a 5–0 loss UEFA Europa League match against Zenit Saint Petersburg on 29 September 2016.
At Orlando Magic home games, the song is played after every loss.
The albums included Ekun Oniwogbe (about the human conscience), Onimoto (about motor drivers) and Adeshewa (about the loss of his wife and co-star, who died in a tragic accident).
Even though they fell one game shy of the league championship, it wasn't a total loss, as wide receiver Carmelo Ocasio was named the 2006 Northern Conference Offensive MVP.
Shortly thereafter, he passed out due to blood loss.
Some vandalism and looting was reported during the loss of power, and the police made several arrests during the night.
In sports, the yips (in gymnastics, lost move syndrome or the twisties) are a sudden and unexplained loss of ability to execute certain skills in experienced athletes.
The following season, he started the opening game of the season but injury meant he did not feature again until September during a 1–0 loss to Newcastle United where he remained on the bench, but he started the next game at Reading.
Mitigation planning identifies policies and actions that can be taken over the long term to reduce risk, and in the event of a disaster occurring, minimise loss.
Despite the cataclysmic loss of life and major damage caused by the storm, the name Paul was not retired following the season and, although it went unused in 1988 due to a lack of activity, it was used in the 1994 Pacific hurricane season.
In the 1995 season, the Bears again finished 9–7, but missed the playoffs due to a loss in a tiebreaker with the Atlanta Falcons.
He finished with 174 tackles (tied franchise record), 11 sacks (led the team), 22 quarterback pressures (second on the team), 10 tackles for loss (led the team), 7 forced fumbles (tied franchise record), 2 fumble recoveries and received Pro Bowl consideration.
After a loss to Penn State in which he set a school record with 48 pass attempts, Gelbaugh and the Terps reeled off three straight victories.
An early season injury delayed McKee's debut with St. Louis until his first game with the team on October 20, 2006, where McKee played only 1:15 in a 3–2 overtime loss to the Vancouver Canucks.
Animal blood was used to treat a variety of illness, from gout to blood loss.
Most of these mutations result in a complete lack of pro-alpha2(XI) chains, which leads to a loss of function of type XI collagen.
1072 - Loss of independence of the Kingdom of Galicia and Portugal, forcibly reannexed by Garcia's brother king Alfonso VI of Castile.
Following his loss to Matt Riddle at TakeOver, Ohno stated on NXT's weekly show that he would be leaving NXT.
They had booked Cincinnati Gardens for a circus, expecting a Royals loss in that series.
It suffered its first loss on 8 December when one of its aircraft crashed on take-off in Port Moresby; all six crew members were killed.
Carbon monoxide binds to hemoglobin (the oxygen-carrying component in red blood cells), resulting in a much stabler complex than hemoglobin bound with oxygen or carbon dioxide—the result is permanent loss of blood cell functionality.
for the 2001 World Club Challenge, with Priddis playing at hooker in Brisbane's loss.
With the loss of final /s/, singular and plural would both have -e, which is problematic and was rectified by borrowing -i.)
This causes an automatic reboot, which can cause loss of data if the user has a program open with unsaved changes.
The term "deflower" is used to refer to the woman’s loss of virginity and presumed maturity by way of metaphorical wilted flowers standing behind the bride.
In the hospital, Ramesan is diagnosed with Familial Alzheimer's disease, a disease which causes a gradual loss of memory and cognitive abilities.
After his retirement from football, Terry Evanshen was involved in a car crash in 1988 that nearly killed and caused him to have severe brain damage, which caused him to have memory loss.
Paston, having represented New Zealand at Under-23 level, made his full All Whites debut at the age of 20 in a 5–0 loss to Indonesia on 21 September 1997, but did not feature in another full international until 2003, Jason Batty, Michael Utting and later Ross Nicholson being preferred choices.
Mourning the loss of her lover, the courtesan turned to charity; known for her gifts of gold, she soon surpassed Narasimha in fame.
Outstanding game against 14th-ranked Georgia with a career-high 11 tackles, including one for a four-yard loss, a pass breakup and an interception at the Tech five yard line .
After that loss Fields retired from boxing.
In 1999, as a junior, he earned All-Big East honors after recording 45 tackles, including a team-high 13 tackles for a loss, 10.5 sacks and nine quarterback pressures.
Against the Rampage, he earned Defensive Player of the Game for the second time on the season with five tackles, one for a loss and a pass breakup, he also rushed the ball four times for 12 yards and caught two passes for 18 yards.
Canadian goaltender Mike Liut became the scapegoat for Canada's embarrassing loss.
A white family watches television coverage of the chaos, and the film ends with a dedication to Benna and Traoré, lamenting the loss of the French ideals of freedom, equality, and fraternity.
His career never took off as it might have done and loss of form, plus persistent injuries, forced him to leave Lancashire in 1975.
lost a leg; his reaction to its loss was a loud, anguished, "Son of a bitch!
The tourism sector came under some pressure in 2014 when the national carrier Malaysia Airlines had one of its planes disappear in March, while another was brought down by a missile over Ukraine in July, resulting in the loss of a total 537 passengers and crew.
In Kenya, farmers blame poor agricultural productivity on corruption, and thus are less likely to undertake soil conservation measures to prevent soil erosion and loss of nutrients.
In 1989, following the loss of Tabor Park Vocational School to the Metropolitan Separate School Board, Thomson became as a third campus for Scarborough Centre for Alternative Studies; the latter moved to Centennial College in 1994.
In the Divisional Round of the playoffs, Bryant converted all three extra points in the 48–21 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
Along with this alteration in tribal management, a whole range of new regulations intended to halt the loss of land from the Indian Community was also instituted.
He scored his first career goal in his NHL debut, a 6–4 loss on January 3, 2006 to Pittsburgh's Marc-André Fleury.
In September 1953, Talbott famously confronted Howard Hughes about his management of the AIM-4 Falcon project and the loss of top members of management, within the Hughes Aircraft Co. As a result, ICBM development for the Air Force transitioned to the Ramo-Wooldridge Corp (later TRW Inc.).
The next week, Posluszny collected a season-high tying 12 combined tackles (11 solo) in the Bills' 18–15 loss at the Jacksonville Jaguars.
On September 25, 2016, Posluszny recorded a season-high 12 combined tackles, deflected a pass, and intercepted a pass attempt by quarterback Joe Flacco in the Jaguars' 19–17 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Linn's most recent movie credit is in the political thriller, An Acceptable Loss (2018), where he starred alongside Jamie Lee Curtis.
Hilditch played a further four matches for NSW in 1977/78 when the NSW side was weakened through the loss of players to World Series Cricket.
Engine failures were responsible for the loss of at least 11 military and civilian registered aircraft.
After the film was released, the families of two crew members sued the film makers for the fictionalization of events which happened prior to the loss of Andrea Gail.
James Thurber's adult blindness was also diagnosed as sympathetic ophthalmia deriving from the loss of an eye when he was six years old.
The impetus behind the collecting of signs was the loss of the iconic sign from The Sands; after it was replaced with a new sign in the 1980s.
Wilkshire then scored his second goal of the season, in a 3–1 loss against CSKA Moscow on 27 October 2008.
Physical and behavioral therapy may also be prescribed for problems such as loss of balance and difficulties with attention, respectively.
That was a short lived happy time followed by a loss to  USM Bel-Abbès in the same competition by 4–1.
As in other constituencies, his Labour Party opponent suffered a loss of votes to the breakaway Social Democratic Party.
The cortex of the hypothermic dog kidney was shown by Huang to lose lipid (35% loss of total lipid after 24 hours) unless oleate was added to the kidney perfusate.
Harkness again won 27 times in the 1968–69 campaign, the only regular season loss coming at the hands of his old team at Rensselaer in a game which later proved to save hockey at his old school a second time.
The absence of air or other gases prevents oxidation, heat loss from the product through convection, and removes a source of contamination.
Hilário played for the first time with Portugal on 11 November 1959, in a 3–5 friendly loss to France.
They were eliminated in the quarterfinal against Finland, a 5–4 shootout loss.
| Loss ||  João Roque || Decision || The Contenders || 1997 || 5 || 5:00 ||
On February 3, Foster earned his first career NHL point, an assist, in a 5–4 loss to the Boston Bruins.
The refusal to comply with prison rules carried a further punishment, the loss of remission which reduced a prisoner's sentence by fifty percent in exchange for good behaviour.
The general paresis is caused by meningeal vascular inflammation and ependymal granulomatous infiltration may lead to neuronal loss, along with astrocytic and microglial proliferation and damage may preferentially occur in the cerebral cortex, striatum, hypothalamus, and meninges.
At Chattanooga the Andersons were initially camped at Cameron Hill, but the loss of their wagons to Wheeler's cavalry while foraging for fodder on October 2 resulted in the 15th Pennsylvania moving to the Sequatchie Valley, where corn, cattle and pigs were plentiful.
She remained afloat forward, which permitted her crew to escape without loss.
The original British objective was to attack Greene's encampment as to prevent reinforcements, which would inevitably lead to, a loss of British control in the region.
O'Callaghan was top-scorer seven games into the 2000–01 season but was suddenly dropped after a 3–0 loss to Cardiff City.
When Orlando Hernández was unable to pitch in late August, Bannister made a spot start against the Phillies, giving up 4 runs in 6 innings in a 4–3 loss.
Damian Drum was sacked as the Fremantle coach following the club's round 9 defeat to , their 10th consecutive loss.
With the loss of key attacking players such as Nick Carle, Milton Rodríguez and Vaughan Coveny, Griffiths became the key to the Jets attack throughout the season.
Evra wore the armband in the team's first two matches, a 0–0 draw with Uruguay and a 2–0 loss to Mexico.
These nouns are marked only for definiteness, as morpho-phonotactic processes have resulted in the complete loss of the case distinctions.
According to MGM records, the film earned $1,604,000 in the US and Canada and $1,379,000 overseas, resulting in a loss of $323,000.
The 70-kb pYV is critical to Yersinia'''s pathogenicity, since it contains many genes known to encode virulence factors and its loss gives avirulence of all Yersinia  species.
In an overtime playoff loss to the Utah Jazz that eliminated the Lakers, O'Neal fouled out with two minutes remaining in regulation.
| 2002 || Loss ||align=left| Charnvit Kiat T.B.Ubol || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
He is at a total loss as to how this could have happened.
Kirkintilloch Rob Roy's first match at the ground was versus Petershill which resulted in a loss for the home side.
The two-month defence was unsuccessful, resulting in the death of one of the Paston's longest-serving servants by a crossbow wound, and the loss of the castle to the Duke.
After a 48-0 loss to Catalans Dragons, and a run of disappointing results, Sharp's contract was terminated by Huddersfield and for the 2009 season, Nathan Brown, former coach at St. George Illawarra Dragons, took over the helm.
His last game in charge was a 28–40 loss to the Huddersfield Giants.
Mitchell-Innes scored 222 runs, including a solitary half-century, during a 10-wicket loss to Middlesex.
A more efficient way to reduce its body temperature is through respiratory evaporative heat loss, where the flamingo engages in panting to expel excessive body heat.
Gamaliel II became Johanan ben Zakkai's successor, and rendered immense service in the strengthening and reintegration of Judaism, which had been deprived of its former basis by the destruction of the Second Temple and by the entire loss of its political autonomy.
Chorley won another championship in 1898–99, but was clouded by a notice to quit their Dole Lane Ground, and the loss of captain Johnny Parker, who had broken his leg.
 365 Days of Hope: Encouragement for Those Facing Loss, Pain, and Disappointment (2006) with Dave Dravecky, Jan Dravecky
Abu Qais is emasculated by his loss of land and the poverty he and his family endure in a refugee camp.
Hearing loss is usually bilateral and may range from mild to profound impairment.
Between 1980 and 2010, rising global temperatures and direct human activity (particularly the use of lake water for mining and agriculture) have contributed to a significant loss of lake surface area across the Plateau.
Hiss concluded that Rabin had died of massive blood loss and the collapse of both of his lungs, and that his chances of surviving the shooting had been extremely low.
Indra and his fellow team members Anole, Loa, Rubbermaid, Network and Kidogo suffered a great loss when they were told that Northstar had been killed in the line of duty.
Ironically, three years later Allan was called on as senior caretaker coach to replace Damian Drum who was sacked after the team's 10th consecutive loss, a diabolical performance against the Sydney Swans at the Sydney Cricket Ground in round nine, 2001.
Fail-safe systems which detect loss of signal and command the submarine to surface, or pressure sensors which limit the depth attained, may be used.
reasoned that just as loss of variability in heart rate indicated patients more likely to be at high risk of dying after a heart attack, this phenomenon might also be an indicator of a healthy control of heart rate in such patients.
Increasingly, Hazus is being used by states and communities in support of risk assessments that perform economic loss scenarios for certain natural hazards and rapid needs assessments during hurricane response.
The Japanese carriers were caught time and again by American aircraft with a light screen of cruisers and destroyers, contributing to the loss of six Japanese carriers in the four battles.
Although the team won three straight games to remain in playoff contention, a Week 15 loss to the Packers dropped them to 7–7 and ended their postseason hopes.
Mackie played his 280th and final game in the 2017 Preliminary Final, where he collected 19 disposals and 5 marks in a 61-point loss to Adelaide.
He failed to convert 10 match points against Rainer Schüttler in a second-round loss.
It means the loss of other sector capabilities.
Renamed in 1914 after the loss of the first RFA Maine, the ship was sold back to her previous owners in 1916. 
His only start that season came against his former team, in a game where he allowed all four goals in a 4–1 loss.
Faced with the loss of most of their experienced pilots, the Japanese increased their use of kamikaze tactics in an attempt to create unacceptably high casualties for the Allies.
Klaasen became the sixth defending champion to fall at the first hurdle in his title defence with his first round loss to fellow countryman Stompé by three sets to nil.
FM Global engineering personnel regularly visit insured locations to evaluate hazards and recommend improvements to their property or work practices to reduce physical and financial risks if a loss occurs.
The combination of sustained high winds, intensive rainfall and two rivers, the San Juan and the Yumuri, bursting their banks destroyed the city and caused the loss of some 800 lives.
MERRF patients may also have hearing loss, visual disturbance secondary to optic atrophy, and short stature.
Despite that after 3 starts he was near the team lead in tackles and tackles for loss, on September 28, he was benched in favor of 2006 fourth round draft pick, Stephen Tulloch.
Lynch recorded a season-high six combined tackles during a 45–21 loss against the San Francisco 49ers in Week 11.
In Week 2, he collected a season-high 11 combined tackles (seven solo) during a 12–9 loss to the Carolina Panthers.
Os Belenenses, making his official debut on 7 January 2015 by starting in a 7–1 away loss against S.C. Braga in the Portuguese Cup.
Back pressure (or backpressure) is a resistance or force opposing the desired flow of fluid through pipes, leading to friction loss and pressure drop.
Instead, he proposes during the season-five premiere, "Weight Loss," during a rainy last-minute lunch date at an Interstate rest stop between Scranton and New York City, where Pam is attending Pratt.
He started the second game in Atlanta Braves' history on April 13, 1966, but absorbed a 6–0 loss at the hands of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
MGM recorded a loss on the film and Vidor refused to work for MGM again.
However, other than loss of equipment and supplies, the operation did not affect FRELIMO's ability to infiltrate additional arms from Tanzania, and did not substantially affect their ability to wage war.
Salford suffered three consecutive defeats in the Christmas period which left them in third place, five points behind Orient – a 2–1 loss to Dagenham & Redbridge was followed by a heavy 5–1 defeat to promotion rivals Wrexham on Boxing Day.
If the transports succeeded in staying behind a weather front and were protected the whole way by fighters from the various airfields surrounding the Bismarck Sea, they might make it to Lae with an acceptable level of loss, i.e., at worst half the task force would be sunk en route.
They won silver after a 2–0 loss to Team Canada.
In the 2008 season BC's record dropped to 9-5, including a loss at the Music City Bowl.
He quickly becomes a doting father as he continues to mourn the loss of his wife.
Mutations to the GLA gene encoding α-GAL may result in complete loss of function of the enzyme.
At the US Open, she reached the second round, where in what was her sixth loss to the Serb out of six matches, she lost to ninth seed Jelena Janković.
Pitted against the man who became his hardest opponent, Bruce Doull, Hart was powerless to stop the Tigers suffering a loss that shocked his overconfident club.
Cleveland's fiscal policies had resulted in his loss of the presidency in 1888, but the results of Benjamin Harrison's interim term brought him back to the office in 1892.
Taiwo started the whole game on Matchday 1 Group Stage, in a 3–1 loss against Egypt on 12 January 2010.
It had been over a year since the franchise's last home loss.
Loss of habitat and hunting has exterminated water monitors from most of mainland India.
On 6 November 2012, following City's 2–0 loss to Birmingham City, McInnes gave £300 to 17 stranded fans who had their minibus tyres slashed outside St Andrew's Stadium.
Some aqueducts supplied water to industrial sites, usually via an open channel cut into the ground, clay lined or wood-shuttered to reduce water loss.
He scored his first goal as a Canuck in the 2009–10 season opener against the Calgary Flames in a 5–3 loss on October 1.
MV Flare (P3GL2) was a Cypriot-registered bulk carrier that sank with the loss of 21 lives in the Cabot Strait on January 16, 1998.
He only made one competitive appearance during the season, a 1–3 away loss against Shrewsbury Town in the second round of the Football League Cup, and his contract was terminated by mutual consent on 17 May 2012.
  Iron deficiency anemia secondary to blood loss (chronic)
He made his NHL debut against the Washington Capitals in the Blue Jackets' season opener two days later, notching an assist on a goal by Dan Fritsche in a 3–1 loss.
She scored 54 points in a loss against James Madison on February 18, 2010, which was the highest single-game point total by any Division I female basketball player that season.
His parents, Israel and Ada Loss, were Russian Jews and first cousins.
September 5, 2017 — 3-2 loss to the Boston Red Sox in 19 innings on the road.
On 10 April 2016, in the final minutes of the Bulldogs three-point loss to Hawthorn, Murphy sustained a knee injury while contesting a mark in the Hawks' forward 50.
The Colts did go on to win Super Bowl V and the tightly-knit, veteran team made a valiant defense of that title, which ended, along with the (owner) Carroll Rosenbloom era, with a loss to Don Shula's Dolphins at the Orange Bowl in the 1971 AFC title game.
Musically, Millionaires has been described as indie rock and pop, with elements of pomp rock, ambient and ethereal music, and drew comparison to Magic and Loss  (1992) by Lou Reed and New Radicals.
Gore's appearance on Futurama is considered to be a part of his "carefully choreographed" reemergence after his loss in the 2000 Presidential election.
During an immobilization period, isometric exercises, such as straight leg raises, are commonly used to restore muscle loss without disturbing the cartilage of the affected joint.
Max supports Jack and his mother-in-law Glenda Mitchell (Glynis Barber) as they struggle to cope with their loss and to look after his children, Amy Mitchell (Abbie Knowles), Ricky Mitchell (Henri Charles), and Ronnie's son, Matthew Mitchell Cotton, whose father is Charlie Cotton.
The novel also draws attention to the incompatibility between sexual freedom and freedom from motherhood: Roxana becomes pregnant many times due to her sexual exploits, and it is one of her children, Susan, who comes back to expose her, years later, near the novel's close, helping to precipitate her flight abroad, her subsequent loss of wealth, and her (ambiguous) repentance.
Carte Blanche report on the loss of recreational non-indigenous forests.
In 1996 he reached the final of the Asian Classic, beating Stephen Hendry before suffering a narrow 9–8 loss to Ronnie O'Sullivan.
Valve float can possibly result in loss of compression, misfire, or a valve and piston colliding with each other.
This failure could lead to loss of vehicle control, which increases crash risk.
He made his professional regular season debut during the Green Bay Packers' season-opener against the Chicago Bears and made five combined tackle (three solo) and one pass deflection during their 26–0 loss.
These procedures can also be aided by application of liver clamp (Lin or Chu liver clamp; Pilling no.604113-61995) in order to minimize blood loss.
A power excursion and partial loss of coolant led to severe damages to the NRX reactor core resulting in fission products being released through the reactor stack and 4.5 tonnes of contaminated water collecting in the basement of the building.
The Nampa baseball team won its first 17 games before its only setback of the season, a 4-2 loss to Boise on May 11.
In 2009 they relocated to St Albans RFC in Tremorfa but a promising season was ended by a playoff loss to Valley Cougars.
He started 11 out of 12 games, tallying 145 tackles (led the team), 6 tackles for loss, 6 passes defensed, 2 forced fumbles and one interception, while receiving All-MAC recognition.
He was tagged for 10 hits and 7 runs over 6 innings, taking the loss and eliminating the Cardinals from the tournament.
These result in iatrogenic injury and from medical error flows a cascade of effects and results often including pain, disability, loss of job, poverty and homelessness which obviously cause mental health problems and may cause death.
Neutrality had allowed the Dutch to become the main carriers of French imports and exports and its loss put further strain on both economies, with the Dutch government putting pressure on the British to make peace.
Following closure of the School in 1905, and the loss of the MacNair family wealth through business failure, the couple returned to Glasgow in 1909.
A highlight in his senior season in 2004–05 was leading the Cowboys with 22 points in a 78-75 home loss to Gonzaga on December 28, 2004.
On D+2, glider flights into Market Garden suffered a 30% loss of gliders.
REP2, a protein that is 75% identical and 90% similar to REP1, is able to significantly compensate for the loss of REP1 outside the eye.
His third book of poetry, My Alexandria (University of Illinois Press, 1993), reflects the grief, perceptions and new awareness gained in the face of great and painful loss.
Well recovered from economic decline from the loss of most local mines, the rate of jobseeking benefits claimed is lower than the Yorkshire and Humber average (4.6%) at 4.4% however this slightly exceeds the national average and is over twice that of six constituencies in the region.
Their album Ghosts of Loss also mentions Laura Palmer in another song.
On 15 October 2013, he scored two goals in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier 3–5 loss against Germany.
Due to the importance of rubber products for both modern life and modern warfare, the loss of such an important resource at this phase in the war was a crisis.
The 1945 French Nationality Code (ordonnance n° 45-2441) added a provision to indicate that for a maximum period of 5 years following the "legal cessation of hostilities", the permission for the loss of nationality must be sought from the French government if the person was male and under the age of 50.
The species is primarily threatened by habitat loss, degradation and fragmentation.
Despite this loss halting the Smooze, the ponies are discouraged by this, but Megan offers the encouragement that another rainbow lies out there.
As a result of the loss of the container transport task in 2002 and a sudden increase of insurance premiums, the company was declared bankrupt on 1 November 2002.
On 26 September 2012, Martínez was charged by the FA for comments made after Wigan's 4–0 loss to Manchester United on 15 September 2012.
1988–89: 5–11, Loss to Elway
The streak ended Week 15 in a 22–17 home loss to the New York Jets.
In this election there was no loss of a non-confidence vote, but the Prime Minister asked the Governor General to call an election.
By allowing the abdomen to freeze, evaporative water loss is reduced over the course of the winter.
In the decade after World War I, eighteen countries ended the mandatory loss of citizenship for married women.
At the start of In the 2008–09 season, Hackett returned from injury, where he made his first appearance for the side, coming on as a late substitute, in a 4–3 loss against Oldham Athletic in the opening game of the season.
Colpix CP-762 – January 1965 – "A Little Bit Later on Down the Line" / "His Loss Is My Gain"
Later that night, a loss by the Washington Nationals ensured the Pirates' first playoff berth since 1992, when they lost the deciding game of the NL Championship Series to the Atlanta Braves on an eerily similar play.
Wynn played for the Browns in 2000, seeing action in seven games, including one start – a 48–0 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Called up as a late replacement for an injured James Clement, Lonie was one of the Pies' finest in the four-point loss.
Later versions of the songs revise the bride's death; her fate to languish, entombed in the stones of the construction, is transmuted to her nonphysical shadow, and its loss yet leads to her pining away and eventual death.
(Washington finished 6–6 after a  loss to Air Force in the Oahu Bowl, and head coach Jim Lambright was fired.)
By the early 1980s, lasers and detectors that operated at 1300 nm, where the optical loss is 1 dB/km, had been introduced.
 Loss of normal hypoechoic retroplacental zone
The streak ended with a loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
She cited her landslide loss as evidence.
Diaz stayed down and verbally submitted resulting in a TKO loss.
Hyperventilation leading to hypocapnia and subsequent loss of an appropriate urge to breathe is the mechanism behind shallow water blackout.
In late 1942, during escort duty, she was accidentally sliced in half and sunk by the ocean liner , with the loss of 337 men.
On the coastal areas where the hurricane hit, there was a considerable loss of life.
Oilers' performances varied throughout the season, and after a loss against bottom side Bergen, Matti Riekkinen resigned as the team coach.
The hospital's operating loss grew to $284,692 in 1945, which was then a record high.
Symptoms include sudden permanent blindness, dilated pupils, and loss of the pupillary light reflex.
The arthritis is a result of the increased contact forces and shear that results from loss of shock absorption and stability after meniscectomy.
This is particularly associated with Wilson (1975) and Wilson and Herrnstein (1985) who agree that social transformation will be required if crime rates are to be reduced, but believe that this can be achieved without any significant loss of freedom (which they consider worth preserving even if that means having to tolerate some crime).
After the loss to Arguello, Castillo returned to the Featherweight division, winning another fight before receiving his second title try; On April 12 of the same year, Castillo challenged WBC world Featherweight champion Salvador Sánchez in Tucson.
The club withdrew from the Sussex County League in 2013 due to the loss of their home ground following the financial collapse of the main social club and went without football that season but resumed playing in the ADA East Sussex Football League for the 2014/15 season in which they finished mid table.
After the loss of ORP Dragon, on 4 October she was leased to the Polish Navy.
Symptoms can include diarrhea, weight loss, weakness, inflammation of the eye (uveitis), retinal detachment, ataxia, and seizures.
While this may not be such a loss to many of them, who feel their lives are already long over, the glimmer of humanity left in them prevents them from forcing Macaan to kill them off.
He was replaced by another former USC head coach and his successor at that job, Steve Sarkisian, for the 2017 College Football Playoff National Championship 35–31 loss against Clemson and for the upcoming season.
Only if the price is below $32/share will A experience a loss.
Madjo made his debut for Forest Green a day after signing for the club, coming on as a substitute for Zema Abbey in the club's 2–0 away loss to eventual champions Accrington Stanley.
Its first NWSL season in 2013 ended in a playoff loss to the Western New York Flash.
2003–04: 3rd at Botola, Cup finalist after a 3-1 loss to Zamalek SC, intermediate round Confederation Cup.
Predatory pricing refers to the process of elimination of competition by setting predatory prices, prices that are so low that they drive the competition out of the market thus enabling the establishment of monopoly where a company can recoup their loss and generate more profit by setting supracompetitive prices.
Geelong won the McClelland Trophy for the second year in a row, Chapman had 22 possessions and 1 goal, in the 2008 AFL Grand Final loss to Hawthorn by 26 points.
It has been reported that of thirty-six patients transplanted, only sixteen (44%) were insulin-independent after one year; ten (28%) had partial graft function after one year; and ten (28%) had complete graft loss after one year.
That season the veteran linebacker recorded 104 solo tackles, four forced fumbles, and tackled opposing ball carriers for a loss 13 times.
In March 2012 he appeared at the pay-per-view 10th Anniversary Show, suffering a tag team loss.
They are made up solely of dads or family members who have directly been affected by the loss of a child through miscarriage, stillbirth or neo-natal death.
He recorded 12 tackles, four pass break-ups, and an interception in the playoffs, up to the ArenaBowl XVI loss.
During its flyby, Giotto was hit at least 12,000 times by particles, including a 1-gram fragment that caused a temporary loss of communication with Darmstadt.
He was given the land to recompense the loss of his son, who helped him with farming.
Loss of jobs and higher prices under the plan, however, also resulted in crippling public and private-sector strikes throughout the country.
He goes on to describe the loss of effectiveness of the CIA in the mid-1990s, in the wake of the catastrophic treason of CIA officer Aldrich Ames, and the CIA's failure to identify the mole before lethal damage had been done to many of their operations worldwide.
But as compared to a poem recording personal loss such as John Milton's "Lycidas", it lacks many of the ornamental aspects found in that poem.
The loss of life was extreme, even by Victorian era coal mining standards, and remains one of the worst mining accidents in England.
With those enhancements, the loss of two SSMEs was now survivable for the crew throughout the entire ascent, and the vehicle could survive and land for large portions of the ascent.
We talk in awed terms of the decimation of a regiment in a bloody battle, but here a great community engaged in the pursuit of a peaceful vocation is threatened with the loss of at least a quarter of its able bodied manhood".
Smith guided the side to a 1–0 win and followed that with a similar result at home to Dundee United before a devastating 3–0 loss away to Motherwell nearly derailed the sides championship hopes.
Although ground controllers began work to decrease the excess spin of the spacecraft, they were not able to do so in time to prevent the total loss of the frozen hydrogen used to cool the primary science instrument.
Symptoms include rear limb weakness, decreased reflexes, muscle atrophy, megaesophagus, and loss of bark.
Loss and recovery of license
As the pressure of the ice increases, a curved interface between the solid and liquid arises and the ice will either melt, or equilibrium will be reestablished so that further heat loss again leads to ice formation.
The tournament used the rugby union bonus points system; teams were awarded four points for a win, two for a draw, and none for a loss.
Following the Australian Open loss, del Potro missed several tournaments, including the Masters tournaments at Indian Wells and Miami, which were touted as potential return dates, due to the persistent wrist injury.
This allows an administrator to stop the server farm from accepting new user connections and gradually brings any long-running applications offline without causing data loss.
On 19 May 2000, Salinas played his last professional match, scoring in a 2–1 loss at his first team Athletic Bilbao.
Reds (1 BP) loss to Blues 20–21 in Brisbane
Controversy and loss of accreditation 
The ladder follows the same format as the Australian Football League: four points for a win, two points for a draw, and none for a loss.
Within the clan, women and men can act as siblings to one another during specific times, such as loss.
It took place soon after Shingen suffered a devastating loss in the battle of Uedahara; he sought revenge, and to return to a string of victories.
This meant the players would be covered against loss of wages caused by injuries sustained from playing football.
The British troops never even reached the Ottoman defensive positions at a loss of 2,700 casualties.
Clinical manifestations of disseminated MAC—such as fever, weight loss, and night sweats—should be monitored several times during the initial weeks of therapy.
The following August 1933 Karrier tardily announced that under difficult trading conditions they had made a substantial loss during that 1932 calendar year.
Even as we mourned for the loss of one-third of our people, we witnessed the miraculous rebirth of Medinat Yisrael, the Jewish people's supreme creation in our age.
For the first time in the history of the town, there was an attempt, in 1712, to replace the population loss in the town by trying to attract colonists, and by founding Schwabendorf (Kőszegfalva).
Next, they performed a series of over expression and loss of function experiments and determined that specifically Glutamic Pyruvate Transaminase 1 (GPT1) is the GPT isomer primarily involved in alanine turnover in HCC cells, consistent with previous findings that GPT1 tends to be found in the liver.
The loss of his wife and four of his children contributed heavily to his decision to leave London for Canada.
Injuries, loss of form and disagreements with manager Dave Sexton over his social activities combined to reduce his opportunities to play, and after spells on loan at Manchester United and Millwall, in non-league football with Gravesend & Northfleet, and on non-contract terms at Brentford, he joined the coaching staff at Brentford.
The results included a 4–0 loss to traditional rivals Malaysia at the National Stadium and Singapore exited the competition on an inferior goal difference at the group stage.
The central and primary event in this progression is injury to the endothelial cells, which reduces the production of prostaglandin and prostacyclin, ultimately resulting in the loss of physiological thromboresistance, or high thrombus formation rate in blood vessels.
Loss of citizenship could occur with foreign naturalisation, certain criminal convictions, or acceptance of foreign government honors or rewards without Portuguese permission.
The first two (R and D) deal with environmental factors that have an effect on the ecosystem or community level, such as disturbance, pollution, habitat loss etc.
The move, which represented the largest such offshoring in the financial services sector at that time and would lead to the loss of 4,000 British jobs, led the UK trade union UNIFI to warn Green that the "gloves were off".
The University decided against this, noting, "(...) that revocation cannot change or ameliorate the wrongs of the past and that, notwithstanding the very real hurt and loss caused by the actions of the honorand, it would be no more than an empty gesture."
It appears as if she is mourning the loss of the lovers and the many empty chairs around her, that she later thrashes about the room, symbolizing that she is alone, which is the song's theme.
His performance was rewarded with a start in Ireland's next game against Uruguay in which Long scored the first of Ireland's goals with a header in a 2–3 loss.
Miller played  in the 8–11 loss to Wigan in the 1985–86 John Player Special Trophy final during the 1985–86 season at Elland Road, Leeds on 11 January 1986.
The cross, which was originally erected in 1934 as a war memorial has since undergone many changes in appearance, including the loss of its plaque.
Special form covers almost all risks of loss except those that are specifically excluded.
This trend continued during the first two decades of the 20th century, and even in the 1921 census there was a loss of about 1 million inhabitants.
Loss of nuclear-generating capacity is expected to be offset by the five new nuclear reactors currently under construction, with a proposed combined capacity of more than 5,000 MW.
The experience of many years has enabled the owners of some of these lines to exhibit a wonderfully low record of loss, the percentage of deaths at sea to numbers carried being small beyond the dreams of, say, the 1870s.
He was relieved of his duties on 13 September 2010, after suffering the first loss of the campaign.
Other dystrophies may cause repeated episodes of pain without leading to permanent loss of vision.
He scored 16 points in 13 regular season games to finish the season with 110 points combined between the Penguins and Whalers, and was the team's best player in their first round loss to the Boston Bruins in the 1991 Stanley Cup Playoffs.
Devastated by the loss of Annie, Carl's schoolwork suffers, putting him in danger of failing all his classes.
With the loss of Arwad, the Crusaders had lost their last foothold in the Holy Land.
The Austin Rapid Transit Railway had operated at a loss from 1892 and was in receivership from 1897 until it shut down in 1902 selling its assets at auction to its president, F. H. Watriss.
A subsequent week five loss to the Baltimore Ravens by a score of 27–3 dropped Taylor's road record with the Bengals to 0–11–1.
Black hair follicular dysplasia occurs in piebald dogs and causes hair loss in black-haired areas soon after birth.
Wynnum-Manly won only nine matches and drew one in their first three seasons, and it was widely thought they would disappear again in 1954 after they suffered numerous thrashings in first grade – including a 13–89 loss to Valleys when Norm Pope kicked nineteen goals – and forfeitures in the lower grades.
Although the electorate of Hesse-Kassel, ruled by another branch of Alexander's family, was annexed by Prussia for adhering to the losing side, the fact that Hesse-Darmstadt's grand duke was the brother-in-law of the Russian tsar saved its independence, although not without loss of territory.
Recognizing their vulnerability, the United Nations proclaimed 2019 the International Year of Indigenous Languages "to draw attention to the critical loss of indigenous languages and the urgent need to preserve, revitalize and promote indigenous languages."
His loss of the Izu Province to Hōjō Sōun in 1492–1498 marked a significant development of Japan's Sengoku period.
But Haruko quickly recovers from her loss and resumes her hunt for Atomsk.
The first ever AIHL game for the Proski North Stars was a loss to the Ice Dogs, who joined the league in 2002 along with the North Stars.
After five straight victories, he faced his first loss to Georgian Tengiz Tedoradze at Ultimate Combat X. Tedoradze managed to stop Thompson's initial charge and won by doctor stoppage after the second round.
Romanian loss of status (1366-19th century)
Although he had not been seen using his abilities since the loss of his leg during the Wildcore tragedy, succeeding stories imply that Marc Slayton retains his powers in some form.
By dividing the total sum to be invested in the market (e.g., $100,000) into equal amounts put into the market at regular intervals (e.g., $2,000 per week over 50 weeks), DCA seeks to reduce the risk of incurring a substantial loss resulting from investing the entire lump sum just before a fall in the market.
He suffered facial injuries that resulted in loss of the sight in his left eye.
FARS is vital to the mission of NHTSA to reduce the number of motor vehicle crashes and deaths on our nation's highways, and subsequently, reduce the associated economic loss to society resulting from those motor vehicle crashes and fatalities.
After his father's death while he was about sixteen, his uncle, John Foster, oversaw his further education, encouraged him to travel and employed him (presumably part-time) as his private secretary (in an office for the loss of which he was later compensated on the Union with Great Britain with an annuity of £10 5s).
The custom probably derives from an ancient practice of ritually "killing" plates on mourning occasions, as a means of dealing with loss.
They rebounded in their fourth game, defeating the SJHL's Humboldt Broncos 7–6, but then had all their hopes erased with a 6–1 loss to the AJHL's Camrose Kodiaks.
The unusual pericarditis cases and the unique single-eye uveitis cases were observed in horses of all ages, breeds, and sexes, were independent of any state of pregnancy, and that they occurred at the same time as the early and late fetal loss syndromes.
Although two Fortresses were missing from operations, the only loss resulting from a raid flown from Polebrook involved a badly battle-damaged aircraft that crash landed at a south-coast airfield.
About half of the tea was spoiled by the time Gray returned to Boston and Barrell took a financial loss for Gray's first voyage.
He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job.
The eldest hand leads any card he chooses and all must follow suit if able, the penalty for a revoke being the loss of the game.
John Conroy is furious at the loss of his prized colt, and unfairly blames Jim for what has occurred.
It lets athletes compete in bad weather without serious performance loss and improves their results over other surfaces.
This loss of ability to be degraded leads to high amounts of the channel being chronically present in the collecting duct.
For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2004, Globix reported a net loss of $41.4 million and had $95.8 million in debt.
Lock brought a contempt of court application against the loss of his remaining land.
The two main symptoms in a major depressive episode are a depressed mood or a loss of interest or pleasure.
The capacity of the lake basin was too small compared to the watershed, exacerbated by increased agricultural drainage and wetland loss since the original damming in the 1930s.
She was initially assigned to carry out escort duties in the North Sea, during one of which Johnstone was faced with a mutiny, which he skilfully put down with minimal loss of life.
In the days following the 1–2 loss which confirmed the South American team's elimination, defender Andrés Escobar was murdered upon returning home, after scoring an own goal in the match.
Loss to Nat Langham
She is an advocate and educator for the prevention of hearing loss, and in 1988 together with Dr.
This rarely leads to loss of intelligibility as long as the word stress is correct.
Rupture of the lymphatics causes protein loss into the intestines.
As of 2012 Griffon has produced over 3,000 unmanned aircraft and has flown over 110,000 sorties and maintained a loss rate under 1%.
Radiological investigations include looking for signs of bone loss in both the hands and pelvis which is characteristic of tertiary hyperparathyroidism.
With the loss, the Broncos fell to 0–4 (outscored 167–38) in Super Bowls in which they wore orange jerseys, while with the Seahawks' win, the team wearing white had then won nine of the previous ten Super Bowls.
The tournament was not held in 2020 due to loss of sponsorship, but resumed for the 32nd tournament in 2021 with a new sponsor.
Mills made three more starts, including scoring an own goal, in a 2–1 loss against Ipswich Town on 3 October 2004, in what turned out to be his last appearance.
Mills scored his first goal of the season on 23 August 2014, in a 2–1 loss against Brighton & Hove Albion.
A few months later, at the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup Group A, he participated in a match fixing scheme while playing with the El Salvador national team during a 5-0 loss Mexico; the scheme was not discovered until 2013, when Romero (and 13 others) were banned for life.
Chuck Taylor of Billboard named it a "keepsake ballad that will have the quintet's loyal legions panting over their loss and loneliness."
The loss of Falcon and reservations about the libretto caused Meyerbeer to set the project aside in the summer of 1838, when he shifted his focus to the preparation of Le Prophète.
| 108496 Sullenberger ||  || Chesley Sullenberger (born 1951), a former US Airways airline captain, is celebrated for successfully landing his disabled airliner on the Hudson River off Manhattan without loss of life on 15 January 2009.
Expansion of the CGG repeat in the 5’-untranslated region of the FMR1 genes leads to susceptibility of epigenetic silencing, leading to loss of gene expression.
In Chicago's wild card playoff loss to Dallas (17-13), Waddle was the Bears' sole standout performer on the offensive side of the ball, catching nine passes for 104 yards and a touchdown.
He missed the first three games of the season but returned in Texas Tech's fourth game against Baylor, completing 14 of 25 passes for 189 yards, a touchdown and an interception in a 36–22 loss.
In the song's entry, Miguel Ángel Bargueño felt that "Porque te vas" "broke the image of folk balladist that Jeanette carried since her Pic-Nic stage and conveyed an accentuated feeling of loss that caused a greater impact by being interpreted by a helpless-looking twenty-year-old."
On the eve of the 2000–01 season the club became homeless with the loss of the Parkway Sports Club due to a disagreement over the terms of the lease and subsequent maintenance costs.
The decline in the number of people who left the church after 1942 is explained as resulting from a loss of confidence in the future of Nazi Germany.
According to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), mental illness among the workforce leads to a loss in employment amounting to $19 billion and a drop in productivity of $3 billion.
Although, historically, the Involuntary Defeat Strategy may have also prevented the loss of further material resources (e.g.
Long-term imbalances in homeostasis arise though genetic, environmental or biopsychosocial mechanisms causing illness and/or loss of well-being.
Price scored a career-high 30 points and dished out 13 assists in a 116–109 loss to the Michael Jordan-led Chicago Bulls.
Holding the Crimea was considered important as its loss would negatively affect the attitude of Turkey and put Romanian oilfields under risk of Soviet air attacks.
 VoIP Troubleshooter: Packet Loss Concealment
the loss of the vision of God.
In some instances, loss of citizenship can mean that a man is left without the protection of citizenship in any country in the world -- as a man without a country.
Another championship game appearance and loss to the Lions followed in 1953, when Gibron was again named to the Pro Bowl and was selected to one sportswriter's first-team All-Pro list.
It is only Sir Thursday's loss of control and subsequent murder of two people that allows Arthur to gain control of the fourth Key, assisted by Thursday's servants.
When Johnson left Alabama, he ranked second in sacks and was tied for second in tackles for loss in school history.
The loss of the supplies at Honey Springs depot would likewise prove disastrous.
For example, work that would normally be prohibited on the festival would be allowed to prevent financial loss or if the results of the work are needed for the festival itself.
The coefficient of the port may change somewhat at different pressure differentials due to changes in Reynolds number regime leading to a possible loss of dynamic similitude.
The following week, he played at lock forward for Canterbury in their loss at the 1998 NRL grand final to the Brisbane Broncos.
He played in all three games for Queensland in their 1996 State of Origin series loss to New South Wales and in October, represented Australia in their 52–6 win over Papua New Guinea.
Nonspecific symptoms such as chills, sweating, headache, loss of appetite, cough, weakness, sore throat, dizziness, and muscle pains are frequently present before the onset of fever.
Loss of moisture after germination starts inhibits the whole infection process.
Following a 42–23 loss at ranked-BYU, the Rams dropped a 31–29 decision at Idaho followed by 24–17 home defeat to Utah.
Human activity is the primary driver of this increase, with loss of biodiversity a leading mechanism.
Nebraska wore all-white uniforms for the first in the 1991 Florida Citrus Bowl, a 45–21 loss to Georgia Tech.
Despite the loss of teams, MAHA registrations grew by more than 600 players and profits increased six fold.
Hammill made his Rotherham United debut the next day, playing the whole 90 minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Brentford.
The next day the Australians at Coral assaulted a number of bunkers that had been located just outside the base, with a troop of Centurions supported by infantry destroying the bunkers and their occupants without loss to themselves.
He explores ideas such as the interchange of letters or pronunciation, the presence or loss of certain weaker letters in roots like the Nun, the changes of letters used in tenses, changes in gender in names and number and additional vowels or the lack thereof.
If the loss of praise is larger than the size of the specific reinforcer, she argues, then free-choice selection of that behavior will decrease.
Challenges facing the district today include the loss of affordable live/work lofts, artists, and historically significant buildings.
The season saw considerable improvement, with the Capitals winning 13 games out of 24, but Round 19 loss to the Adelaide Lightning—the league's bottom-ranked side—ended hopes of the Capitals making the playoffs again, and they finished a disappointing fifth.
He pitched a scoreless inning of relief in a 6–1 loss to the Milwaukee Braves.
After the loss of the Lord of the Stars, the Oracle sent Lone Sword on the heavy task of finding the Lord of the Stars.
On 8 October 2010, Okkas reached 100 appearances for Cyprus national football team in a 1–2 home loss against Norway, in match that he managed to score his 26th goal for Cyprus.
David L. Swain wrote that Mrs. Fulton  "is worth $1000 per annum to Raleigh, & the society of the place would suffer an irreparable loss by her removal."
The ASN's report states plainly that a loss of coolant or electricity could, in the worst cases, see meltdowns at nuclear reactors in hours.
He has significant hearing loss.
After the loss, Gossett returned to his former business pursuits.
Of late, presumably for reducing the weight, the measurements are changed without much loss in symphony.
He set a new Gators single-season record for most tackles for a loss with nineteen, including seven sacks.
 The Home Loss Payments (Prescribed Amounts) (England) Regulations 2006 (S.I.
This age-weighting system means that somebody disabled at 30 years of age, for ten years, would be measured as having a higher loss of DALYs (a greater burden of disease), than somebody disabled by the same disease or injury at the age of 70 for ten years.
The above loss function can be rearranged into a trace by observing that .
He avenged a loss to Rodriguez from almost seven years prior.
 Heat loss due to linear thermal bridging (HTB)
The Ice Man chases her through the school to a locker room, but before he can kill her, he dies of blood loss.
Fauna is threatened by poachers and habitat loss.
The Australian striker had a good run down the right side of the East Bengal defense, before taking a powerful left-footed shot in the last minute of the match in Mohun Bagan's 2–3 loss in the Calcutta Premier Division decider.
He started all but 2 games in four seasons at the University of Kansas (1989–92), and was tied for sixth in school history in tackles by a defensive lineman with 168, fifth in career tackles for loss with 30, and had 7½ career sacks.
This court decision resulted in the loss of funding for the Parti Marijuana Party and other small parties.
One week after the playoff loss, on April 8, 1971, Albeck was replaced by Alex Hannum as Denver's head coach.
The prevalence of the virus in the body increases with age (rates of infection are highest among infant between 6 and 12 months old) and it is hypothesized that this is due to the loss of maternal antibodies in a child that protect him or her from infections.
This gave Joel Zumaya the loss.
John then files a lawsuit and sues James for violating the agreement, and he requested James to compensate for his loss.
Imposing ten golden pounds as a fine on As-Suwayda people for the loss of a cat of the wife of a French garrison officer.
The first game of the season ended in disaster for Michigan, a loss to Appalachian State that was considered one of the biggest sports upsets of all time.
Years before his life had been saddened by the loss of three young children; it was now darkened by the death of the last remaining son, Frederic, who, though always delicate, had lived to manhood and appeared to be entering upon a successful career as civil engineer.
On September 8, Serena suffered her first loss in Smash, when she was defeated by Kana in the finals of a tournament to crown the first ever Smash Diva Champion.
However, he was fired after a first-round loss in the 1974 NCAA Division I Basketball Tournament, and his dismissal prompted a demonstration by over 500 students.
Despite the loss of resources (including the mercurial and beloved Brig.
One task force met heavy resistance and killed 182 PAVN and captured 30 for the loss of seven killed.
This provoked the growers in the Marne region to react violently to their loss of privilege and they lashed out again against merchants and producers who they accused of making wine from "foreign grapes"—including those from the Aube.
On 20 October, Arshavin made his 100th Premier League appearance for Arsenal in a 1–0 loss against Norwich City.
Jing can be lost in many ways, but most notably through the loss of body fluids.
In Week 15, against the Cleveland Browns, he had 25 carries for 154 rushing yards and one rushing touchdown in the 41–34 loss.
In the Chiefs' Wild Card Round game against the Indianapolis Colts, Charles recorded three carries for 18 rushing yards before having to leave the 45–44 loss with a concussion in the first quarter.
He also pitched on April 18, 2004, against the New York Yankees, where he pitched 3 scoreless, hitless innings, and received a no-decision in the Red Sox loss.
She underwent operations to remove a brain tumor in 1995, 2002 and 2006, resulting in numbness on the right side of her face and hearing loss in her right ear.
In terms of the cumulative specific balances, Hintereisferner experienced a net loss of mass between 1952 and 1964, followed by a period of recovery to 1968.
He made his Rangers debut in a 0–1 away loss to Kilmarnock on 27 November.
Some French balloons had remained hydrogen-filled for over a year without appreciable loss of buoyancy.
In Week 13, Lake recorded six combined tackles and made a season-high two sacks on Oilers quarterback Warren Moon in the Steelers' 23–3 loss at the Houston Oilers.
36/27 on 13 November 1981, expressing deep alarm and condemning Israel over the "premeditated and unprecedented act of aggression," and demanding that Israel pay prompt and adequate compensation for the damage and loss of life it had caused.
AG Bell is a resource, support network and advocate for listening, learning, talking and living independently with hearing loss.
Overwhelmed by sadness at the loss of his wonderful friends, but comforted by a heavenly vision that assures Ben that Serafina is in Heaven, the ancient boy and dog flee to the sea to get away from sorrows, and continue their eternal journey on the Blue Turtle.
Sinfield, however, said that the words are about a loss of innocence and childhood belief.
39 Chamberlain-Synergy Motorsport Lola car of Peter Owen had caused the session to be stopped because of a loss of control at its rear while changing gears.
Since 2005, industrial contaminants have become a serious concern as well as the continuing loss of plant life in and around the river itself.
| 1996-05-06 || Loss ||align=left| Musashi || K-1 Grand Prix '96 Quarter Finals || Yokohama, Japan || TKO (Doctor stoppage/broken toe) || 1 || 3:00
Massive provisions led to a £347m loss in 1993 and Trafalgar itself became a takeover target.
At an intraperitoneal dose of 30 milligrams per kilogram, it has been shown to inhibit feeding and induce dramatic weight loss in mice by a mechanism similar to, but independent or downstream of, leptin signaling.
Just a day after taking station at Plymouth, on 20 February 1944, Rayner was with Warwick off Trevose Head when she was torpedoed, with the loss of 90 of her crew, by the submarine  commanded by Kapitänleutnant Gustav Poel.
Castillo lost via unanimous decision and was handed his first professional loss.
But the Redskins' defense never moved and Danny White ran a play that resulted in a loss of yards, turning the ball over to the Redskins on downs.
He scored Turkey's first ever Euro goal, the equaliser of Euro 2000 in a 2–1 loss to Italy in Arnhem.
The conservation status of the complex-toothed flying squirrel is near threatened because the population is shrinking as a result of habitat loss and excessive hunting for food and traditional Chinese medicine.
The film lasted only 4 weeks in theaters and posted a big loss, closing with a total of $7,371,706.
A serious loss of coolant occurred at the French Civaux-1 reactor in 1998, less than five months after start-up.
Among the highlights of his season, Amelia was mostly remembered by fans for saving Ronaldinho's penalty in a 3–1 win over Milan, but also, in a more negative fashion, for failing to deal with Giuseppe Mascara's 49-yard strike in the Derby di Sicilia, which ended in a shocking 0–4 home loss for his side.
Kentucky got to within two points with 22 seconds remaining, but two Marquette free throws and a late steal handed the Wildcats an early tournament loss.
The introduction of VSU  saw a significant loss of funding for the union, as the ASF was no longer charged from 1 July 2006.
Here, grabbing a bigger share of the market is seen as a zero-sum game in which one company's gain is achieved at another company’s loss.
Because the pad is entirely made from resistors, it must have a certain minimum loss to match source and load if they are not equal.
As it turned out, it would be the Bulldogs' only loss of the regular season.
Despite the loss Istabraq started the 2000 Champion Hurdle as favourite.
A controversy surrounded the loss to Columbia, as Columbia insisted over Wisconsin's objection in using its own umpire and referee.
This time period also saw the railroad shift from 1968 to 1975, resulting in the loss of even more 1st-Generation diesels like F-7As and FAs.
The first time came during an extra-inning loss to the Montreal Expos at Wrigley Field when Sosa, who did not start because of back spasms, decided to leave the ballpark in the seventh inning to beat traffic on Lake Shore Drive back to his condominium at Lake Point Towers.
Intensification of resource use in sectors such as forestry, fisheries, and agriculture are widely reported to contribute to biodiversity loss in Australia.
Higher soil salinity in the Marshes and adjacent areas, resulting in loss of dairy production, fishing, and rice cultivation.
According to the State of the Environment 2001 published by the government, the main environmental issues in Vietnam are land degradation, forest degradation, loss of biodiversity, water pollution, air pollution and solid waste management.
The CCGT's engine is based on the unit used in the Koenigsegg CCX with the superchargers removed and the capacity increased to 5.0 L to compensate for the loss of power.
The loss of Egypt and Syria, followed later by the conquest of the Exarchate of Africa also meant that the Mediterranean, long a "Roman lake", was now contested between two powers: the Muslim Caliphate and the Byzantines.
However, with Senna at the wheel, the car suffered a loss of power steering during the final stint.
The outcome of agreement involved the loss of the custodianship by OS of the NSG which was awarded to the data management company Intelligent Addressing Ltd who were already managers of the NLPG.
After making a recovery in early February, he returned to the first team, coming on as a substitute for Adam Chapman in the final minutes of a 3–0 loss against Plymouth Argyle on 16 February 2013.
Without subunit H, the assembled V-ATPase is not active, and the loss of the c" subunit results in uncoupling of enzymatic activity.
Endothelin-1 is a potent vasoconstrictor which is produced endogenously during ischemic stroke and which contributes to overall loss of cells and disability.
The Blues made their major league debut on April 24, 1901, with an 8–2 loss to the Chicago White Sox.
Dipterocarpus costulatus is threatened by logging and habitat loss, particularly in Borneo.
The third match, a 3–2 loss to Chicago, featured a league-record 11 cards issued to both teams and injuries to starting goalkeeper Mark Simpson before the match and playmaker Marco Etcheverry in the first half.
McDonald played his 200th game in a loss to the Western Bulldogs in round 2, 2008.
This makes it possible, by using theorems proved by Pogorelov for convex surfaces, to investigate loss of stability and the over critical elastic state of convex shells under a given strain.
Wash sale rules can also be avoided by "not buying a security within 30 days of selling the same one or a similar one for a loss."
During the 1990s, the economic collapse in Japan (after its global economic dominance in the previous decade) led to a loss of motivation by students.
In the case of both weather agencies, names are retired after a typhoon that carried it caused severe or costly damage and loss of life.
He connected on 14-of-19 passes for 164 yards and a touchdown in their 35–16 loss to the Frankfurt Galaxy in the championship game.
He recorded four tackles and a sack in loss to the Texas Terror.
Since its SEC registration in 2009, Prosper has provided a proprietary "Prosper Rating" for prospective borrowers based on the company's estimation of that borrower's "estimated loss rate."
Soon after, during the Battle of the Imjin River, Robertson was consulted by the Americans about the possible consequences of the loss of the 1st Battalion, the Gloucestershire Regiment, and he advised them not to endanger the rest of the I Corps line with a rescue attempt.
In English tort law, an individual may owe a duty of care to another, to ensure that they do not suffer any unreasonable harm or loss.
Due to the Queen's desire "to avoid any collision of armed forces, and perhaps the loss of life" for her subjects and after some deliberation, at the urging of advisers and friends, the Queen ordered her forces to surrender.
Modzelewski was named interim head coach for the team's final game, a 20–19 loss to the second-year Seattle Seahawks.
Puerto Rico was eliminated with a 4-3 loss in a rematch with Cuba.
This flexibility enables the formation of boron-metal bonds, after loss of the B-H bond.
The pictures of the external tank taken when jettisoning showed loss of foam in the intertank ribbing.
The Transit Commission blamed the Board of Estimate for delays in the awarding of the contract; the Commission said that the city would suffer a substantial loss due to increased construction costs, and because the contract that was given was "highly advantageous to the city."
His second goal came on 26 December from the penalty spot as part of a 2–1 away loss to Wigan Athletic.
In November 1996, two females caught in Lambir Hills National Park were in post-lactating condition, suggesting recent detachment or loss of juveniles.
He made his first start of the season on 9 September in a 2–0 loss away at Cheltenham Town.
He made his debut for the Senators on April 5, 1902, in their 6-5 away loss to San Francisco Ponies.
The year of 2016 bought in the club's first Premier Division flag since its re-introduction to the Sydney AFL which saw Michael Sankey and Jon Vlakto hold the Premier Division Cup for the 2016 season, avenging the loss in 2015.
A "pop" sound may be associated with this injury, followed by the loss of the ability to straighten the knee (knee extension).
At odds of 1 to 1, 2 to 1 and 3 to 1 respectively for each of these types of outcome, the expected loss as a percentage of the stake wagered is:
Pope Pius IX refused to recognize the Italian government or negotiate settlement for the loss of Church land.
As such, although the timing of Oklahoma's loss affected the human voters, the computers kept Oklahoma at No.
These symptoms have caused significant economic loss to nurseries and pine plantations.
However, consumers face potential financial loss in the case where a retailer declares bankruptcy prior to collecting the item.
June 13 – Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Adam Comorosky makes an unassisted double play in a 6–4 loss to the New York Giants.
He batted .375 in the National League Division Series versus the San Francisco Giants, despite their loss of the series.
On December 23, 2015, Price made a career-high six three-pointers and scored a career-high 20 points in a loss to the Denver Nuggets.
Likewise, the sequences of the moves are disregarded, even if they prove the loss of material is more apparent than real.
Many of the provisions to acquire or lose Canadian citizenship that existed under the 1946 legislation were repealed, whereby Canadian citizens generally would no longer be subject to involuntary loss of citizenship, barring revocation on the grounds of immigration fraud.
This episode was the origin of Ansiães' slow demographic decline, in addition to the eventual loss of autonomy: the people of Ansiães also supported António, Prior of Crato against Philip II of Spain' Iberian Union, which disadvantaged it economically and socially.
On November 28, 2004, Adams recorded a season-high three combined tackles, a pass deflection, and made his first career interception off a pass by quarterback A. J. Feeley during a 24–17 loss to the Miami Dolphins in Week 12.
In Week 3, Adams collected six combined tackles and a season-high three pass deflections during a 31–25 loss to the Houston Texans.
In Week 6, he had a season-high eight combined tackles during a 28–23 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
September 14 – Detroit Tigers Hall of famer Hank Greenberg makes his major league debut in a 10–3 loss to the New York Yankees.
Three ships carrying food and ammunition were sunk or driven ashore without loss of life: Union, Peerless, and Osceola.
He suffered the loss of his first son, Lieutenant William F. Train III (June 26, 1937 – June 16, 1962), who was the sixth American advisor killed in South Vietnam.
The contention of this paper is that perlecan downregulation leads to a loss of FAK activation and thus less ERK signaling, leading to decreased cell proliferation.
Rhotacism: *z > *r. This change postdated the West Germanic loss of word-final *-z, and there are minor differences in the development of *z in West Germanic as well.
Further, the loss of revenue and skills from Valencia led to a shift of Catalan power from Valencia to regions around Barcelona which had far fewer Muslims and were thus less-affected.
Many intertidal organisms, including Littorina snails, prevent water loss by having waterproof outer surfaces, pulling completely into their shells, and sealing shut their shell opening.
April 29 – Future Hall of Famer Joe Cronin makes his major league debut with the Pittsburgh Pirates a 16–9 loss to the Cincinnati Reds at Forbes Field.
However, he started every match until he was sent–off, in a 3–0 loss against Macclesfield Town on Boxing Day, resulting him serving a one match suspension.
The slowdown in government spending, a sharp loss in business confidence, and the resulting decline in economic activity reduced tax revenues, however.
to prevent loss of this too.
Strickland's managerial debut was a 7–6 loss at home to the Twins in the season opener on April 14.
However, the city has been suffering since the 1950s with the loss of numerous employers.
However, West Virginia was then defeated by Cincinnati in a 26–23 overtime loss, as the Mountaineers rallied from being down 20–7 with under two minutes left in the game to tie it and send it to overtime.
Virgil did not have a decision while Jesse was credited with the loss as the New York Giants won the Boston Braves‚ 8-1.
Despite the loss of the Ottawa teams, the QAHA grew by accepting three new leagues based in Montreal, the Montreal Independent Intermediate Hockey League, the Pulp and Paper Company League, and the Montreal Industrial League; and expected applications from the Quebec City Intermediate League and the Quebec City Junior League, in addition to the existing Quebec City Senior League.
Hermione Lee of New Statesman referred to the stories as “seven elegantly gruesome accounts of derelict and perverted lives [that] cannot be dismissed after the first frisson: their peculiar images of pain and loss seem, retrospectively, to grow in depth.”
The Upper Canada Hockey Club's first game was an 8-5 loss to the Seguin Bruins on September 6, 2008.
The Storm defeated the Tigers by a score of 4-2, their last loss of the season.
But, a 7-0 loss to the Humboldt Broncos of the SJHL in the opening contest wasn't the start they were looking for.
On January 3, 2004, Newman started his first career playoff game and recorded five solo tackles in the Cowboys' 29–10 loss at the Carolina Panthers in the NFC Wildcard Game.
On November 4, 2012, Newman made four combined tackles, a season-high four pass deflections, and intercepted two passes by Peyton Manning during a 31–23 loss to the Denver Broncos in Week 9.
Four days later, he made his league debut, in a 2–1 loss against Peterborough United.
Its value depends on urine flow rate, urine acid concentration, and the concentration of bicarbonate in the urine (the loss of bicarbonate, a buffering agent, is physiologically equivalent to a gain in acid).
The game proved a disaster as Joe Theismann threw five interceptions and was taunted by Cowboys fans singing "Happy Birthday" en route to a 44–14 loss.
Events in the east showed the fragile nature of the Seleucids as a Bactrian-inspired revolt in Parthia begun by its satrap Andragoras in 245 BCE led to the loss of territory bordering Persia.
The company, which holds the world record for low loss hollow core photonic crystal fibre, was acquired by Crystal Fibre a/s in August 2004.
Due to the fact that small-scale disturbances are more frequent, they account for about 88% of carbon emissions from the Amazon and for more biomass loss then do large-scale disturbances.
Grebeshkov made his Stanley Cup playoff debut in Game 5, registering two assists in the 5–4 Predators loss.
He initially was introduced as part of the stable Urban Assault, initially composed by leader Sonny Siaki, Eric Perez and G-Rilla, but they expelled the last of them due to a loss against The Gymini.
All Rover Motorsport activities were stopped in the early 2000s because of a loss of insurance, but a new affiliation with the Confederation of Australian Motorsport led to the resumption of Rover Motorsport.
In addition to degrading a fighter's performance, the rules of combat sports stipulate that these injuries can be a cause for premature match stoppage, counting as a loss to the injured fighter.
Physical archives are naturally more vulnerable to damage and information loss.
The group experienced its first combat loss on 2 October 1942, when a P-38F escorting B-17 Flying Fortress bombers on a mission to Méaulte, France, was shot down by a German fighter of JG 26 near Calais, and 2nd Lt. William H. Young was killed in action.
Syracuse also avenged a second-round loss to Kansas two years earlier.
September 20 – With a 4–2 victory over the Detroit Tigers, and a 7–4 loss by the Cleveland Indians at the hands of the Boston Red Sox, the New York Yankees capture first place in the American League, and hold it for the remainder of the season.
Spain & the Loss of Empire.
Normally, capacitation is initiated through the loss of DF before the spermatozoa can perform the acrosomal reaction.
The deployment training got off to a strong start but was daunted by the loss of one of the jets piloted by Capt Samuel H. Smith.
Among the predictions that Baháʼís regard as fulfilled, Peter Smith summarizes: "the downfall of various world leaders; the loss of Ottoman territory; political revolution and popular rule in Iran; the twice-repeated sufferings of Germany; and what is interpreted as a reference to nuclear power.
He made his major league debut on September 8, 1998, in a 16-4 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies, but struggled to establish himself in the bigs.
To compensate for the loss of these assets and the suspension of bank operations, Hermann Upmann had invested heavily in speculative currency investments and Mexican oil properties, using funds obtained from depositor assets without the consent of the depositors.
But Reid made his return to the starting line–up, starting the whole game, in a 1–0 loss against Brøndby on 1 August 2010, which turns out to be his last appearance for the club.
In Australia, the loss could be $40 million a year for softwood and an equal or higher amount for hardwood.
The loss of both the party's seats up for re-election saw Sandra Kanck become the only remaining Democrat MLC in the Legislative Council.
The fire is so massive that they immediately write off the house as a loss, and a search of the building turns up no survivors.
A deficiency of the RbAp48 protein has been associated with age-related memory loss.
In the playoffs, Netolicky averaged 22.3 points and 7.3 rebounds in a series loss to the eventual champion Pittsburgh Pipers.
If we assume for simplicity (without loss of generality) that the inner charge lies on the z-axis, then the induced charge density will be simply a function of the polar angle θ  and is given by:
Debris cluttered the Jeff Friend unit, while the Pine Beach trail suffered the loss of both the Gator Lake boardwalk and observation pavilion.
Despite her sympathy for his loss, Sylvia puts her foot down, ordering Andy out of their home until he can acknowledge his problem.
Likewise, acid rain that falls on soil and on plant leaves causes drying of the waxy leaf cuticle; which ultimately causes rapid water loss from the plant to the outside atmosphere and results in death of the plant.
The Crusade was conducted in response to setbacks in the Kingdom of Jerusalem, beginning with the loss of the Holy City in 1244, and was preached by Innocent IV in conjunction with a crusade against emperor Frederick II, the Prussian crusades and Mongol incursions.
At the time of the transaction, ViSalus' earnings and revenue had declined from a high-point in 2012, and the company had been operating at a loss for 2013 and the first two quarters of 2014.
By analyzing the isotherms of apoplastic and symplastic water, he shows that negative turgor pressures cannot be present within arid plants due to net water loss of the specimen during droughts.
Following the loss to California on November 26, 2016, Polamalu's contract at UCLA was not renewed.
Her fifth loss of the season, and fifth to Azarenka, came in the semifinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart.
Following her loss to Pennetta, Radwańska battled past Simona Halep in their last round robin match ensuring the Romanian was eliminated.
With the surrender at Yorktown, the full participation of French forces in that battle, and the resulting loss of Cornwallis' army, the British war effort ground to a halt.
Stage 4 (PD4) – advanced periodontal disease with more than 50% attachment loss of the tooth from the alveolar bone.
 Final Negotiations: A Story of Love, Loss, and Chronic Illness by Carolyn Ellis
On 13 February 2016, Soward played for the Indigenous All Stars against the World All Stars, playing off the interchange bench in the 8-12 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
He has claimed that the loss of his job is related to his reporting on doping in cycling.
The loss to Kilmarnock brought a conflict between club captain Lorenzo Amoruso and manager Dick Advocaat to a head, resulting in Amoruso being stripped of the captaincy and 22-year-old Barry Ferguson being given the arm band.
That squad was symbolized by their loss to the 49ers on December 7 in which they blew a 28-point lead.
Villages that were no longer viable because of population loss either relocated or amalgamated with others, and the island's population dispersed.
However, mutation of the final amino acid of the motif, M173, which is unable to bind PI3K but is able to bind Grb2 and Gads, gives little NF-κB or IL-2, suggesting that those Grb2 and Gads are unable to compensate for the loss of PI3K.
Ingles made his NBA debut two days later, playing four minutes but only had a missed three-point attempt in a loss to the Houston Rockets.
In Minister of Finance v Gore, Cameron co-authored a judgment with Fritz Brand that held the state could be delictually liable for causing pure economic loss by fraud.
Ken (剣) is the rogue robot pilot of the Blade Gainer who makes it his life mission to defeat the Type 18 Mimetic beasts after the loss of his wife.
For these purposes, the remedy of damages is normally intended to compensate for the claimant's loss of expectation (alternative rationales include restitution and reliance).
However, in some Australian states, claims for loss of chance have been succeeded in medical negligence cases.
Most dogs evaluated each other when met at the field and the weaker or more submissive dog left, taking the loss.
Together with the previous point, this shows that the use of a standard extreme-value distribution (location 0, scale 1) for the error variables entails no loss of generality over using an arbitrary extreme-value distribution.
Significantly, the reaction can be run on a 5 mmol scale without loss of yield or enantioselectivity.
After resigning his commission he had proposed to travel overland to Russia, but was prevented by the loss of his possessions and papers, stolen, it appears, at the instigation of Mahadji, who was suspicious of his intentions.
Dynamo Moscow won a series against NHL teams with 2 wins, 1 tie, and 1 loss.
In 397, after Lü Guang had suffered a loss on the battlefield against Western Qin's prince Qifu Gangui, Tufa Wugu declared himself the Prince of Xiping and changed era name, signifying a declaration of independence for Southern Liang.
Pyrkal was hurt further by the loss of traditional export markets in the 1970s.
Numerous attempts by the Sikhs to collect revenue from Hazara-i-Karlugh not only met with failure, but also the loss of prominent Sikh administrators and commanders.
His stint as Vicenza head coach, as he was sacked on 15 April after only three games in charge, ended with respectively two draws and a loss.
Two days later, he was assigned to the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League for a one-day stint, playing for Westchester that night in a loss against the Maine Red Claws.
Asked in a December 2005 interview what was the most difficult scene in the series to shoot, actor Aaron Douglas (Tyrol) said, "The scenes where someone dies in the Chief's arms are difficult to do because they take a really long time to shoot and you are constantly in a state of loss and sadness.
Noise exposure has been known to induce noise-induced hearing loss, tinnitus, hypertension, vasoconstriction, and other cardiovascular adverse effects.
Utah took the bowl game with a 35–28 win, ending Bronco Mendenhall's last game as BYU's head coach with a loss.
Fearing the loss of leadership, Riva Agüero sought to conciliate with the Viceroy to prevent the arrival of Bolívar, only to be arrested and accused of high treason.
He went on to gain a further five caps in nearly two years, the last being the 0–2 loss in Iceland, and was not summoned for UEFA Euro 2004.
The silk walls of the structures are dense enough to serve as barriers to convective heat loss, allowing them to function as miniature glasshouses.
In Round 24, against his former club the Parramatta Eels, Mateo played his 200th NRL match in the Sea Eagles 20–16 loss at Brookvale Oval.
However, the loss to NDSU proved too much to overcome as the pollsters crowned undefeated Delaware as College Division National Champions for the second straight year.
On April 16, 1953, Ryan (then with the Phillies) made six hits in six at bats in a 14–12 loss to Pittsburgh, tying a then-Major League record.
At this critical point, six tanks from Combat Command A of the 2nd Armored Division and accompanied by infantry of the 29th Division, counterattacked southwest from Carentan at 4:30 p.m., inflicting severe casualties on the Germans and forcing them to withdraw with the loss of four tanks.
During their inaugural season, the first XV suffered only one regular season loss and reached the Northeast Championships.
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic debilitating demyelinating disease of the central nervous system, caused by an autoimmune attack resulting in the progressive loss of myelin sheath on neuronal axons.
Ultimately the season would bring about the end of the Bison's historic title run with a semifinal loss against the eventual champion James Madison Dukes.
The reading produced by a conductor carrying a very low current can be increased by winding the conductor around the clamp several times; the meter reading divided by the number of turns is the current, with some loss of accuracy due to inductive effects.
Early tooth loss and bone deformities, such as serpentine tibiae and fibulae, are also common in those affected.
Concerned about the loss of open space, in 1975 the East Bay Regional Park District (EBRPD) acquired 930 acres of land to establish the Morgan Territory Regional Preserve, named for the historic area.
Chipkill ECC is a more effective version that also corrects for multiple bit errors, including the loss of an entire memory chip.
After allowing nine goals in two first round playoff games against the Nashville Predators, Crawford was benched in favour of rookie goaltender Scott Darling, who posted three wins and one loss against the Predators.
 Note This section deals with the loss of control defence which replaced provocation in 2010.
By the end Russell confirms he has now accepted his hair loss and gives advice and support to other men suffering from it.
The loss of unstressed vowels, particularly those after the stressed syllable, ultimately produced the situation in Modern French in which the accent is uniformly found on the last syllable of a word.
The Tobacco Association reports that 80 tobacco farms have been prevented from planting a crop, representing a loss of 19 per cent of the country's total harvest.
On April 5, he scored a season high-tying 19 points in a 120–111 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
She partially attributed her loss in the 2016 election to Russian meddling organized by Putin.
The ship survived the war, including the largest trade convoy HX 300; but it was wrecked and declared a total loss in 1948.
This ultimately results in Light's death when Ryuk, realizing Light's loss, writes Light's name in his Death Note.
Major changes in ecosystem structure and function, including hydrologic processes, are expected with the loss of hemlock.
Eligible users are defined as family members who have suffered a loss of a sponsor in the event of an active duty death regardless of the cause (combat, accident, suicide, illness, etc.)
Skybus reported a loss of $16 million during its first three months of operation.
The commission has denied the petitions because of the anticipated loss of beach sand and because the county would shoulder the cost, not the homeowners.
Other side effects may include hearing loss and low blood potassium.
In 1895, University of Edinburgh pathologist Prof Ralph Stockman built upon experiments demonstrating that inorganic iron contributed to hemoglobin synthesis to show that chlorosis could be explained by a deficiency in iron brought on by loss of menstrual blood and an inadequate diet.
The day was best remembered in Fighter Command for the loss of Flight Lieutenant Eric Lock who was shot down by ground-fire in the morning patrol.
If the other souls leave the body, they only loss consciousness, but if this soul leaves the body, the human dies.
Underground Body Opus: Militant Weight Loss & Recomposition XIPE Press, March 1996.
The closure of the mill meant the loss of about 210 jobs.
Tooth loss also has a psychological impact: it has been shown to generally lower a patient's quality of life, with this compromised oral function leading to decreased self-esteem and a decline is psychological well-being.
Lack of certain vitamins (A, E and C) and low levels of riboflavin and thiamin can produce a variety of conditions, ranging from constipation, weight loss, arthritis and rheumatism.
A Karrick LTC plant with 1 kiloton of daily coal capacity produces sufficient steam to generate 100,000 kilowatt hours of electrical power at no extra cost excepting capital investment for electrical equipment and loss of steam temperature passing through turbines.
Making his maiden speech on 10 July 1980 in an opposition debate on industry, McTaggart attacked the Conservative government's economic policy, claiming that non-intervention  "fanned the flames of unemployment in Glasgow" and had caused the loss of 300 jobs each day.
Personal problems, including her brother's threatened suicide, family crises, the death of her husband, the loss of an eye, and her near death to cancer, interrupted her work, but the Williams went on writing until the age of 80, and achieved the longest published career of any children's writer of her generation.
The economic war was so successful that it is recorded that one selection was making a loss of £150 per year until 1849.
Side effects reported for sulfadiazine include nausea, loss of appetite, dizziness, gastrointestinal upset, rash and fever.
The season ended the following weekend with a loss to Marquette.
Sunk with loss of 88 lives during Typhoon Rose in 1971.
According to MGM records, however, the film recorded a loss of $178,000 for the studio.
While DeCarlo played up the fact that losing one of these games resulted in nothing more than a tragic loss, a disclaimer at the end of every episode stated that contestants who damaged their own possessions would be reimbursed money according to the value of their belongings before they were destroyed.
The campaign and loss left Lenore in emotional pain.
This decline of London as a shipping port has led to the dereliction of the docklands area and also the loss of over 200,000 jobs.
Coryatt ended up getting hurt and Hambrick started in the Cowboys' playoff loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
Through his literature work, Cao Bá Quát expressed his discontent on how the dignity of humans was at loss caused by society’s desire for fame and fortune.
Observations indicate that Mars is enriched in 40Ar relative to 36Ar, which cannot be attributed to mass-selective loss processes.
As commanding officer of the 97th Bombardment group colonel Armstrong personally led a total of six bombardment missions against the enemy with a loss of but one aircraft from his group.
Darvish gave up three runs in the first inning but went the distance, allowing no runs from the second inning onward in a 121-pitch, complete game loss (Iwakuma held the Fighters to one run over six innings and was credited with the win).
Many other scenarios have been proven to be probable causes of sinking, most notably a battery malfunction causing a torpedo to detonate internally, and the loss of the Russian Kursk on 12 August 2000 probably due to a torpedo explosion.
The scarce swallowtail is getting rarer as due to loss of habitat and food plants.
Bäckström reached 700 career assists on 5 March 2021, in a 5–1 loss to the Boston Bruins.
On senior night in Chapel Hill, UNC had already locked up the number one seed in the ACC with Louisville's loss to Notre Dame, but Duke still had to win to clinch a double-bye in the ACC Tournament.
In 2000, he started 14 games at strongside defensive end compiling 55 tackles, 3.5 sacks, two tackles for a loss, and one forced fumble.
The Gutiérrez-Magee expedition ended with a terrible loss of some 1,300 men.
In the early to mid-1930s Johnson worked to maintain funding for the National Guard while states and the federal government struggled with the loss of revenue caused by the Great Depression.
The Tag gives the juveniles murder impulses and memory loss, and both boys and girls start to brutally kill each other.
Section 1212 of HR 4986 effectively gutted from ASPA all of the provisions which threaten nations with the loss of military assistance of any kind for refusing a BIA.
In the May 2012 tournament Hakuhō fractured his left index finger in an opening day loss to Aminishiki, and he dropped further matches to Toyohibiki, Gōeidō and Toyonoshima on Days 7, 8 and 9 to stand at only 5–4 after nine days.
The club won the league this year, with only 1 loss from 27 games, bringing their point tally to 66, which was 14 more than the runners-up, Al-Rayyan.
The first defendant remains liable to pay for the loss and damage directly flowing from the breach of the duty, ignoring the second tort.
July 9 – Eckford of Brooklyn commit 13 errors in their 15–3 loss to Union of Troy.
Following the Apuesta loss Negro Casas and El Hijo del Santo began teaming together in 1998 and in early 1999 the team defeated Bestia Salvaje and Scorpio Jr. by disqualification, but refused to accept the CMLL World Tag Team Championship as they did not win by pinfall.
The disappearance of a population, subspecies, or species represents the permanent loss of a range of genes.
The loss of Beirut and a British breakthrough in Syria led the Vichy commander to seek an armistice and the campaign ended on 13 July 1941.
where  is the energy loss of the charged particle due to electronic collisions while traversing a distance , excluding all secondary electrons with kinetic energies larger than Δ.
But with the tragic loss of a youngest son and concern that his eldest son Garfield might not return from overseas duty as a soldier in the Canadian Expeditionary Force, George Weston considered selling the company to competitor Christie, Brown and Company.
Her Majesty's Government took a grave view of these events, and sincerely deplored the loss of life, the injuries suffered and the destruction of property in Trieste.
 19 July 1989 United Airlines Flight 232 (Catastrophic engine failure caused loss of all 3 hydraulic flight control lines)
After the heartbreaking loss and the surge in press coverage, Serna received hundreds of letters of support from people across the country.
Therefore, the Kintamani dog was developed from Balinese dogs with little loss of genetic diversity.
This practice, in place by about 3000 BCE, afforded greater ease of use and storage, at a price of a certain loss of security.
Longer lasting sales are either typical deals or of a loss leader nature, as several stores keep their best deals exclusively for Boxing Day.
This is followed by a soldier leading a riderless horse, an homage to their loss.
Furthermore, with the loss of Mandalay, the Burmese population finally turned against the Japanese.
Although the move achieved the desired results in terms of reduction in violent conflicts, it also removed the traditional rivalry among fans, resulting in loss of interest and support.
All these incidents resulted in massive loss of investments abroad, especially in the area of Mindanao.
From the king's perspective, the loss of Macedonia, which was a stronghold of Venizelism, would be more than counter-balanced by the weakening of the Venizelist movement.
The issues that are causing the most threats to this province include but are not limited to population pressures, loss of habitat, unsustainable resource use, and introduced non-native species.
Unlike the Nandi and the Tugen, who have only seven age sets (due to loss of an entire age set in battle), the Keiyo retained eight.
On 7 September 2005, Domovchiyski was dismissed for a second booking in the 1–3 home loss against Iceland U21, but on 12 October 2007, he scored the only goal for his side in the surprising 1–0 home win against Portugal U21.
A short circuit which lowered demand, caused an excess of power generation in the grid, a lack of synchronization of power plants, loss of balance, and a low frequency in the network, triggering massive automatic disconnections from the grid.
This operation resulted in a series of emergency complications and significant blood loss.
In his first three seasons, DeLoach had 98 total tackles including 19 for loss totaling 80 yards, 6.5 sacks, and one interception.
Note that a lesion of the lateral spinothalamic tract at a given level will not result in sensory loss for the dermatome of the same level; this is due to the fibers of the tract of Lissauer which transmit the neuron one or two levels above the affected segment (thus bypassing the segmental lesion on the contralateral side).
This loss of motion will then be compensated for at segments superior to the transitional vertebra resulting in accelerated degeneration and strain through the L4 disc level which can become symptomatic and inflame the adjacent L5 nerve root resulting in "sciatic" or radicular pain patterns.
Smit advised that the ship had been damaged beyond the hope of economical repair and recommended it be written off as a constructive total loss.
The schooner Repeat sank near Grassy Creek with the loss of most lives.
After being informed that no reinforcements are coming and all German troops are expected to withdraw by the New Year, Erich leads an offensive that results in the loss of the only medic.
It was the only match of the campaign that Real Madrid loss, in which Benzema scored.
After a noticeable weight loss, Will Sasso began to impersonate more celebrities such as James Gandolfini.
In addition, leeches (Placobdella multilineata and P. parasitica) and parasitic flies (Cistudinomyia cistudinis) plague some individuals, causing blood loss and weakness.
RPZDs are often chosen instead of an air gap since the head loss across the RPZD is much smaller.
The large, shallow lake had a very high surface area to volume ratio, resulting in extreme water loss through evaporation, and there were frequent toxic algal blooms requiring regular closures for recreation activities and causing livestock to become ill.
That resulted in the loss of considerable fertile farmland and the displacement and forced relocation of 600 Seneca from their community within the reservation.
Ruth Draper's mother was the daughter of Charles Anderson Dana, editor and publisher of The New York Sun and had married Dr. Draper in 1878 some years after the loss of his first wife, Lucy.
A Scottish version laments the loss of a lover left behind at Portmore, which William Tait identifies with (St. Fillans).
He ranked fifth on the team with 65 tackles (37 solo), including a sack, six stops for loss and three quarterback pressures.
Two days later, he had 20 assists and 10 rebounds in a 129–128 double-overtime loss to the Hornets, thus recording 10 or more assists in 12 straight games, a Sacramento record.
Farming, surface mining, wastewater treatment facilities and industrial spills are cited as contributing factors to loss of water quality.
Should this occur, there would be an instantaneous loss of pressurization of the cargo area.
A section of AEK fans physically assaulted him following a friendly-game loss against to second division side Kallithea F.C.
American Motors' automobile sales dropped twenty percent in the first half of 1966, and the firm reported a fiscal six-month loss of $4.2 million on sales of $479 million.
Dubbed "UberVariables", certain decisions made by the player can set them along one of three tracks: Paranoia (Willmore will start seeing things like twitching corpses and shadowy figures), Loss (messages from his ex-wife are kinder), and "The X-Track" (more details are revealed about mytharc-related conspiracies).
He had a pass breakup in the end zone and five solo tackles, including one for a loss, in his first career start against the New Orleans Saints the following week.
These territories had made, for centuries, part of the concept of Iran until their loss.
For channel zapping, a channel is generally viewed for a brief period, so one would be bothered if any packet loss occurred.
However, a RAID configuration may be used to prevent loss of the media files due to disk failure as well.
With the Municipal Territory Reform in 1978, the loss of administrative power and centrality became more balanced.
On examination the patients may have weakness, and loss of deep tendon reflexes (rarely increased or normal).
A plan to mitigate for lost wetlands, loss of pedestrian access, and highway noise was approved by the US Army Corps of Engineers, Kansas Department of Transportation, and Federal Highway Administration.
With 5 victories and 1 loss from 6 matches, India finished second in Group A and qualified for the Super Six stage.
After an extended musical hiatus following personal tragedy and the loss of loved ones Vanessa re-emerged with the third 'Allez Pop' album  Voodoo Girl in March 2020, again a Skeewiff collaboration released via Pedigree Cuts worldwide.
Neither the loss of two husbands nor the hostility of the Brazilian press deterred her politically.
It is used by network administrators, to reduce congestion, latency and packet loss.
Ingestion of CPA causes anorexia, dehydration, weight loss, immobility, and signs of spasm when near death.
Corby overcame the $200,000 fire loss and rebuilt the Main Building - which now stands with its "Golden Dome."
Bishop made his debut with Los Angeles on February 28, a 2–1 overtime loss in which he stopped 28 of 30 shots and was awarded the game's third star.
The Judicial District court continues to rule that the DNA testing is not favorable to the accused, while the defense team considers that the presence of an unknown third-party DNA detected, and the loss of evidence by the state should definitively rule out the reasonable character of the conviction and even more the death penalty.
The report claimed that, since 2001, Israel had destroyed around 150 development projects, which incurs the EU a financial loss of approximately €58 million.
In Round 1 of the 1993 NSWRL season, Vowles made his first grade debut in the Seagulls' 10–14 loss to the Western Suburbs Magpies.
Adelabu capitalized on some anti-Ijebu sentiments among native Ibadan residents especially after the loss of Oshun division which was supported by Action Group leaders such as Awolowo, an Ijebu-man and Akintola.
Horne v Midland Railway Co (1873) LR 6 CP 131, stands for the proposition that the defendant assumed liability for the exceptional loss.
Bobby Campbell took over in March but could not prevent Chelsea's relegation via the short-lived play-off system with a loss to Middlesbrough, a match which was again followed by crowd trouble and an attempted pitch invasion, resulting in a six-match closure of the terraces the following season.
This was followed by an elimination from the FA Cup on 12 March after a 2–0 loss to Everton.
2, their only loss to Miami, and began a streak of 14 years where FSU finished in the top 5.
After a loss against the Seattle Seahawks, they went on another three-game winning streak.
 Data corruption and/or loss caused by the entry of invalid data or commands, mistakes in database or system administration processes, sabotage/criminal damage etc.
Gail is sceptical of Paul's memory loss and rejects Elle's pleas to keep the truth from him.
2013 - Loss VidhanSabha Election
Facing the Kansas City Athletics on July 22, he gave up two runs in seven innings but was outdueled on the mound by ex-Yankee Vic Raschi in the 3–1 loss.
On May 3, playing in Yankee Stadium, he committed 4 errors at third base, leading to 7 unearned runs, in a 10-5 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
Wests 1963 Grand Final loss to St George was controversial thanks to some perceived biased refereeing by Darcy Lawler.
In 1865, Clausius gave irreversible heat loss, or what he had previously been calling "equivalence-value", a name:
Muhammad's early teachings invited vehement opposition from the wealthy and leading clans of Mecca who feared the loss not only of their ancestral paganism but also of the lucrative pilgrimage business.
Nicolas then thought to himself, how can a person like me who made millions from the market, suffer such a huge loss of $ 1, 00,000?
The subsequent assassination of Victoriano Lorenzo is understood among indigenous Panamanians as the loss of their struggle for land rights.
The points awarded for the pool matches were 3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
Following the loss, Canada played Sweden in the bronze medal game, winning 2–1 and earning MacKenzie his lone international medal.
He Was Pitted Against JOEM BASCON and Suffered Another loss due to decision.
He scored a late consolation goal in Russia's loss to Spain in their opening match of the campaign and the first goal in Russia's third match of the tournament against Sweden to send Russia through at Sweden's expense.
Slaton then had 12 rushes for 62 yards and 8 receptions for 56 yards in the 28-21 loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
Prompt warnings from the Seismic Sea Wave Warning System were credited with preventing greater damage or loss of life.
He was a part of the Forest Green team that reached the 2016 National League play-off Final at Wembley Stadium on 15 May 2016, coming on as a substitute at half time in a 3–1 loss to Grimsby Town that denied the club promotion to the Football League.
There is little loss of generality if we set : in that case u satisfies
Two weeks later, on 14 September 2014, Dawson captained Barnsley for the first time in absence of Luke Steele, in a 3–2 loss against Nottingham Forest.
This took place in the 2010 World Cup when New Zealand finished with three draws and Slovakia finished with one win, one draw, and one loss.
These may include poor coordination, loss of appetite, nausea, joint pain, feeling tired, and numbness.
Loss in over-the-air coverage
It took until 25 September 2010 before Otsemobor made his league debut, coming on as a substitute for Darren Purse in the 45th minute, in a 1–0 loss against former club Southampton.
Following the loss of government in the 2007 Australian federal election, new leader Brendan Nelson flagged the Coalition's support for removing legal discrimination against same-sex couples in all areas except marriage, adoption and fertility services.
In Day's home event he suffered a surprise 4–1 loss to amateur Oliver Brown in the second round of the Welsh Open.
As a professor, she was known to encourage honesty and freedom of expression and motivated student self-criticism without loss of self-confidence.
He developed the ADS to reflect the value change process associated with the acceptance of loss theory.
Having first appeared for Uruguay at 26, during the 2001 Copa América – where he scored in the 1–2 semi-final loss to Mexico– Morales came to international prominence on 15 November 2001, when his two late goals against Australia in the qualification playoffs ensured his country a place at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
On 15 May 2004 in Zürich (the seventh consecutive time that a host selection has been made there), South Africa, after a narrow loss in the 2006 bidding, defeated perennial candidate Morocco to host, 14 votes to 10.
George Garnett says the implementation of the papal monarchial idea had led to the loss of prestige, as the more efficient the papal bureaucratic machine became, the further it alienated the people, and the further it declined.
Mwape in turn responded that Chabala was dropped after reports that he was on suspension at his club, relating to the Independence Cup final loss to Nkana.
Dejected and at a loss for what to do, Jamie phones Derek at his home, begging him to come back.
On April 15, 2017, after playing 418 games over seven seasons, Tucker made his playoff debut in the Raptors' 97–83 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks in Game 1 of their first-round playoff series.
In the C&G Trophy, Ireland bounced back from an early loss when they successfully defended 193 against Gloucestershire, while Warwickshire made 352 for two against Scotland to win by 114 runs, and Sussex converted seven for two into a successful chase of 273 against Surrey.
That means in actual numbers the Arthur Martin movement led to a loss of 520 persons (2015 to 2020), in regard of members minus 369 (2015 to 2020), but taking normal annual growth´ numbers of population and memberships in consideration the numbers must be higher (because up to the time of the split the church grew in numbers).
Symptoms include fever, depression, loss of appetite, painful urination, a swollen vulva with pustules, ulcers, vesicles and erosions in cows, and pain on sexual contact in bulls.
Someone doing it infrequently is unlikely, however, to be pursued by the airline, but some frequent fliers have reported either losing their frequent flier accounts or being threatened with such a loss.
The British cargo ship Derrycunihy was sunk off Normandy with great loss of life by a Luftwaffe acoustic mine.
He made his debut in a 0–6 loss against Cardiff City on 26 January.
The initial French inquiry in 1999 concluded the crash was caused by the driver's loss of control while drunk; a verdict of unlawful killing was returned in a British inquest in 2008.
Powell, who anchored the team to the finishing line, lamented the loss of his 100m record to Bolt but showed no animosity towards his Jamaican rival, stating that he was delighted to help him set his third world record.
According to Forbes, the company closed down all four Kierulff Electronics warehouses and within a year it experienced "miraculous" growth that went from a bottom line of $16 million loss in 1987 to operating profits of $10 million.
He also started shaving his head regularly, as to not bother with hair loss any longer.
This World Series loss had a strange twist: Red Sox General Manager Lou Gorman was vice president, player personnel, of the Mets from 1980 to 1983.
In what would have been the big story prior to the loss of Alan Kulwicki; this race marked the first day race at Bristol since switching from asphalt to its present concrete surface.
In January 2005 he joined Spain's Sevilla FC in a four-and-a-half-year deal, his La Liga debut arriving on the 29th in a 0–4 home loss against eventual champions FC Barcelona; the Andalusians, however, did finish sixth and qualified for the UEFA Cup.
It marks a milestone in the band's history not only for the change of record company, but for the loss of founding member Nick Webb, who died during the recording of this album.
 Loss of on-chip embedded 10 Gigabit Ethernet controller
One problem associated with using fin rays to age older fish is the center may be resorbed, resulting in the loss of the first two annuli.
Nomvethe made his debut on 8 August 1998 and scored in a 2–1 loss to Bloemfontein Celtic.
Other symptoms include nausea, loss of appetite, abdominal pain, or muscle aches.
He was 17-for-27 for 153 yards and an interception in the 19-10 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals.
The list of government of New Democracy, DAP had a deterioration of its forces, but the list of the social democrats of PASOK and its students' organization, PASP, didn't succeed to earn this loss of percentage of DAP.
Metal analysis confirms that the craft is in a critical stage and faces irreversible deterioration and loss.
Their second match against the Netherlands was a close one, but their efforts ended in a 3–2 loss, thus earning their early exit along with the Spanish team.
Yet within the next thirty years, habitat loss and degradation from agriculture, timber extraction, mining and climate change will become increasingly larger threats.
He kicked 2 goals and 2 behinds to be Collingwood's best in a loss.
When Compton retired in 1951, Daniel became Arsenal's regular at centre-half and played in the Gunners' FA Cup final loss at the hands of Newcastle United in 1952, despite the fact he was still recovering from a broken arm.
As a junior, he recorded 52 tackles (third on the team), 9 tackles for loss, 3 interceptions (second on the team), 3 recovered fumbles and 13 passes defensed (led the team).
It was an unpopular move that probably contributed to his loss in the 1875 election.
If the present trends persist the ice mass will gradually be reduced, and will affect the availability of water resources, though water loss is not expected to cause problems for many decades.
This period culminated in the collapse of an ice bridge connecting the main ice shelf to Charcot Island leading to the loss of an additional  between February and June 2009.
In the mid-1980s, business faltered due to declining oil prices and the loss of a lawsuit against Hughes Tool (now part of Hughes Christensen).
Jesus grows up like no other child in Georgia with his neighbors befuddled and his parents often at a loss as to what to do.
The New York Times claimed that on 5 January the French Ministry of Marine issued a statement saying the ship was considered a total loss.
The same year, Total Wine was served with several-day license suspensions by the Massachusetts Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission for selling liquor below its costs – a loss leader pricing strategy not allowed in some states.
Peltophryne fluviatica is listed as a critically endangered species due to a restricted range and continual habitat loss.
In the summer of 1957 he was offered a new contract, but instead retired from the professional game aged 37, citing loss of pace due to age as the deciding factor.
No discount or adjustment is available if an asset is sold at a loss.
They also could not say the clue to the contestant, with the penalty being loss of control for any violation.
On 12 August 2010, Essendon's CEO Ian Robson stated that Knights would continue as senior coach in 2011, but he was, nonetheless, sacked two weeks later on the day after Essendon's final round loss to the Western Bulldogs.
At some point after the loss of Al Clud, the Kingdom of Strathclyde appears to have undergone a period of expansion.
Kagetora became angry at her for her loss and killed her despite her deep affection for him.
On March 19, 2003, the district court granted the government's motion to dismiss, holding that Dolan's claim was barred by the postal exception to the FTCA waiver of immunity, which applied to "any claim arising out of the loss, miscarriage, or negligent transmission of letters or postal matter."
For example, the business may have a few critical tools, and the loss of just one of these tools would significantly degrade the ability to perform necessary work.
If left untreated, 8 of 10 people with the disease die within a year with a cause of death being infection or loss of fluids, which is very common for raw, open sores that are characteristic of P. vulgaris.
The win over Cal, combined with the UCLA loss to Stanford, enabled the Sun Devils to clinch the Rose Bowl Berth on November 8.
While common ancestry with cynodonts (and, thus, mammals) accounts for many similarities between these groups, some scientists believe that other similarities may be better attributed to convergent evolution, such as the loss of the postorbital bar in some forms, a mammalian phalangeal formula, and some form of a secondary palate in most taxa (see below).
The loss of the snow and rain water was wasted causing Hanna Lake to fully dry up between 1999 and January 2005.
The use of translation tests to study language loss is inappropriate for a number of reasons: it is questionable what such tests measure; too much variation; the difference between attriters and bilinguals is complex; activating two languages at once may cause interference.
Side effects are common and include loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains, headache, and feeling tired.
On August 27, in the first game of a doubleheader against the Brewers, he hit a two-out, bases clearing double in the fourth inning of a 7-6 loss.
The loss and destruction of neutrophils leading to neutropenia are, therefore, inflammation-driven due to the body's need for an immune response.
The Barry Railway had spent £104,470 to acquire the four vessels, and they sold them at a loss of £36,000.
Recently some GPS preemption systems have found a way to overcome the nagging problem that "blinds" many GPS systems: how to prevent the system from being "blinded" by the loss of a GPS signal.
After a humiliating loss to the Ferrari works team at the opening round at Daytona (who finished 1-2-3) Ford had won the next round at Sebring with Mario Andretti and Bruce McLaren driving the new Mk IV.
Batum made his season debut on November 15, 2017, scoring 16 points in 32 minutes as a starter in a 115–107 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The corvette broke in half and sank, with the loss of half her crew.
Carrier animals can sometimes be identified by spots of pigment loss on dark skin in the genital region.
The Washington Bullets would re-appear in the NBA Finals in 1978 and 1979 against the Seattle SuperSonics, with a series win in seven games and a series loss in five games respectively.
Despite the loss of most of the tank corps during the ensuing breakout, the raid was a great operational victory.
This also makes her sensitive to the lives of humans, often vetoing plans by Icelander and/or Gameran that involves such collateral destruction and loss.
The loss of feeding and breeding habitat and brood parasitism by the shiny cowbird are among other threats that limit and endanger the yellow-shouldered blackbird populations.
At the time, Bob Palmer, the Jimplecute's editor, publisher and owner indicated that the loss of his staff would not impact the paper's delivery, stating about his former employees, "the Jimplecute will go out on time; we'll have a paper this week.
   And no one knoweth the loss or gain.]
This sudden loss of qualified C-47 pilots brought the 1st Transportation Group's airlift capability dangerously low.
Upon their departure, Stillman is commended for protecting the animals by the Great Red Dragon of the earlier series, and Maude orders that all Rat Creatures be deprived of their tails annually, to compensate for the loss of her own.
After the Tigers had secured the Orange Bowl berth in 1982, they suffered their only home loss to Tulane since 1948.
January 7, 2006 - scored a game-high 25 points, including 5 three-pointers, in UConn's 89-80 loss to Tennessee; fouled out for the first time in her career in the final minute, to the delight of Tennessee fans
On November 4, 1923, Driscoll scored the Cardinals' only points on a field goal in a 7–3 loss to the Canton Bulldogs.
He made his début for the club back in November 1998, in Chester's 2–1 loss against Brentford.
Although Disentis managed to escape the dissolution which was the fate of most religious houses at that time, the 19th century was nevertheless a difficult and precarious period, with dangerously diminished material resources coupled with a loss of morale and spiritual discipline so severe that the abbey was not expected to survive.
In response to this news, the band issued a statement saying that "It is an enormous tragedy and we deeply regret the loss of life.
A decline in water quality was noted in 1990s and was thought to be caused by exotic fish accelerating the loss of the submerged plant life.
About 6% of patients who had tonic-clonic seizures experienced Todd's paresis afterward, with loss of motor function sometimes accompanied with temporary numbness, blindness, or deafness.
Sanchez was named the starting quarterback by head coach Pete Carroll against Arizona after Booty suffered a broken finger during a 24–23 loss to Stanford.
Douglas was once again captured, and suffered the loss of a testicle after having fought gallantly on the field and personally killing Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford and Sir Walter Blount.
A local paper announced the following Monday, "There have been many battered and broken heads, and many bodily bruises; but we are inclined to believe there has been no actual loss of life."
Though initial reports indicated several hundred thousands of dollars of damage was wrought to crops on the Isle of Pines, this figure was revised downwards to $50,000, stemming from the manageable loss of one-third of the island's grapefruit crop.
Dharana is the beginning of concentration, usually on a single shape, like a triangle, which eventually leads to Dhyana, the loss of distinction between object and subject, which can be described as the annihilation of the ego (or sense of a separate self).
He turned down the offer, telling WSPZ radio in Washington, D.C. that he has suffered memory loss and that he feared it was related to the multiple concussions he suffered throughout his career.
He played on the wing for the Rhinos in their 20–28 loss to his former team Manly in the 2009 World Club Challenge at Elland Road in Leeds.
Protecting the new atmosphere from the solar wind, to avoid the loss of hydrogen, would require an artificial magnetosphere.
Crosby).This family Tilliardipteridae, despite the numerous 'tipuloid' features, should be included in Psychodomorpha sensu Hennig on account of loss of the convex distal 1A reaching wing margin and formation of the anal loop.
In October 2013, he was sacked from Bayonne for repeated misconduct, with the final incident being drunk at an analysis session following the loss to London Wasps in the Amlin Cup.
At the age of 32 years and nine months, Navarro earned his first cap for Spain in a friendly 0–1 loss against Romania on 15 November 2006 in Cádiz, becoming the third-oldest debutant for the national team after former Real Madrid's Ferenc Puskás (34) and Vicente Engonga (32 and 11 months).
On 20 December 2019, following a loss to Real Madrid, Perasović was fired from Baskonia.
The application of the formula to this reduced "Global Sum" would have resulted in great changes in GP income and income loss for many GPs and through their representative organisations the GPs were able to extract a concession.
Lord Byron attacked but was repelled with considerable loss.
Big names like Harry Lauder, Charles Laughton, Fats Waller, Joe Loss, and Laurel and Hardy appeared, while English comedians Max Wall, Morecambe and Wise and Harry Worth established themselves at the Empire.
Also this season, the Priority Homicide Division must adjust to the loss of Det.
Baker criticized Kriseman's handling of the city's sewage crisis where the city has dumped about 200 million gallons of wastewater into the bay and St. Petersburg's neighborhoods as well as the recent loss of major South-side businesses such as the only grocery store.
As well as their king, the Dál Riata suffered the loss of two grandsons of Áedán mac Gabráin and the Bernician exile Osric (perhaps a son of Æthelfrith) was also killed.
Despite the loss of life, Rusk's decision was applauded in state newspapers as well as nationally.
The following week, he made his first start of the season and recorded three solo tackles in a 51–45 loss to the Cleveland Browns.
In Week 3, he made two solo tackles, three pass deflections, and intercepted Russell Wilson for his first pick of the season in a 23–20 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
Reasons for the decline in their population are a loss of habitat, illegal capture for the pet trade, road mortality, and direct killing.
In that game, he recorded eight tackles, three tackles for loss and one sack.
During this time, Shaughnessy had to contend with the loss of players to the wartime draft.
The Wolff rearrangement is a reaction in organic chemistry in which an α-diazocarbonyl compound is converted into a ketene by loss of dinitrogen with accompanying 1,2-rearrangement.
The Vikings season ended in the Wild Card Round of the playoffs with a loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
He also had three tackles for loss and a forced fumble.
A Bell 212 operated by the air force crashed in Kuala Belait on 20 July 2012 with the loss of 12 of the 14 crew on board.
MI6 suspended the operation in 1955 due to the increasing loss of agents and suspicions that the operation was compromised.
This can have characteristic features, including maxillary sinus outlet obstruction, sinus opacification, and sinus volume loss caused by inward retraction of the sinus walls.
Watson made 13 tackles and one tackle for loss.
The injury kept him out of action for six months, and he did not return until 14 April 2007, when he came on as a substitute in the 4–1 FA Cup semi–final loss to Manchester United at Villa Park.
In Super Bowl XLII against the New York Giants, he converted both extra point attempts in the 17–14 loss.
He also tied Buster Davis for third on the team in tackles for loss with 10.5.
Due to ongoing habitat loss and degradation, limited range and illegal hunting, the Chinese monal is evaluated as vulnerable on IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
He tied for the team lead with 7.5 sacks and led the team with nine quarterback hurries and tied for the team lead with 10 tackles for loss.
Under his tutelage at ECU, defensive end Nate Harvey was named AAC Defensive Player of the Year and first-team all-conference after posting 63 tackles, 25.5 tackles for loss, 14.5 sacks, four quarterback hurries, two forced fumbles and a fumble recovery.
The division of loyalties between Union and Confederacy resulted in further loss of life on May 11, 1861.
He had only one appearance, giving up five runs in two innings on May 10 in a 17-3 loss to the Oakland A's.
A lot of bands disappear with such a terrible loss of dignity".
'They both lead to dictators and a loss of freedom.'"
Chavis' final three games would bring confidence but major disappointment to his final days with Tennessee, starting with an embarrassing 13-7 loss to Wyoming which would keep Tennessee from making a bowl for the second time in four years.
On June 18, he pitched a season-high  innings, allowing no runs in a 4–2 loss to Oakland.
He posted 74 tackles (sixth on the team), 3 sacks (second on the team), 20 quarterback pressures (led the team), 2 forced fumbles (tied for the team lead), 4 tackles for loss (tied for fourth on the team), 4 passes defensed and one fumble recovery.
But even with the loss, fans stayed loyal and were delighted with the hockey they were treated to over that great season.
On one hand, the Cyclones hold the record for the worst defeat in Mid-Western "B" history: a 23–3 loss to the Waterloo Siskins on December 11, 1983.
The Battle of Carracks Island in 1615 off the coast of Malacca, destroyed Portuguese naval power in the Southeast Indies leading to the loss of naval supremacy to the Dutch, in the crucial route between Goa and Macau.
They started off the tourney against the North Winnipeg Satelites of the Keystone Junior Hockey League with a 6–4 loss.
On January 9, 2010, Peko started in his first career playoff game and recorded four combined tackles in their 24–14 loss to the New York Jets in the AFC Wildcard Game.
The loss of a significant number of seniors, including Bell, was part of the blame for the poor season.
He had 6 receptions for 59 yards and 2 touchdowns in the loss against the University of Iowa in the 2005 Capital One Bowl.
This streak ended in 1997 in a loss to arch-rival Hutch Tech.
Many residents of the declining US 66 towns described the loss of business being instantaneous, happening right after the bypasses opened.
It played an important role in awakening the Armenian people from the lethargy that had overcome the majority of them since the loss of Armenian independence at the end of the 14th century.
His debut would only arrive on 12 November, in another friendly (1–3 home loss to Italy).
Soon after illuminating Atlanta, she was heavily hit by American gunfire and sank early in the action near Savo Island at position , with the loss of all but 18 crewmen (out of a total complement of 197), who were later captured by U.S. forces.
Bieber suffered a serious loss at industrial equipment manufacturer Caterpillar Inc., however.
The program places particular emphasis on topics that rabbis regularly encounter: religious doubt and personal change; rites of passage; adolescence; substance abuse; marital and family problems; sexual function and dysfunction; homosexuality; domestic violence; loss, tragedy and bereavement; and response to catastrophe.
The loss of sea ice during summers over the last few decades is highly unusual compared to the last few thousand years.
That disengagement represented a loss of about 10,000 inhabitants in Hernani.
With the loss of Morales for the season, and the return of fellow catcher Jeff Mathis from the disabled list, Napoli started 70 games at first base, posting a .989 fielding percentage, as he was fifth in the AL with 6 errors.
Neglecting the energy loss processes, the quantity  is conserved during the channeled ion motion and the energy conservation can be formulated as follows:
Following the loss of her first husband, Parsons' sought solace in long walks with her friend the illustrator Marion Satterlee.
It was the first fish species in the Missouri River drainage area to be listed as endangered, and a loss of its habitat is thought to be responsible for its decline.
For example, Edinger and colleagues demonstrate a correlation between a loss in diversity of coral reefs by 30-60% and human activity such as sewage and/or industrial pollution.
Although OSU defeated USC, the Beavers wound up behind in the Pac-8 conference standings with a loss and a tie.
Colonel Armstrong, consumed by grief from the loss of his family, committed suicide.
Brohm, entering the game in relief of starter Chase Clement, saw his first action in a game against the Virginia Destroyers on September 24, 2011 completing 10-19 passes for 111 yds and 2 touchdowns in a 34–17 loss.
However they impressed all in the 2003 Cup, only losing two games (both against reigning champions Australia) and advancing to the finals before taking a loss.
His final match was a 3–1 loss to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen on 13 September 1987.
The first contestant to buzz in with a correct response automatically wins the game, but an incorrect answer results in an automatic loss.
In 1943, a group of resistance members, led by sculptor Gerrit van der Veen and painter and author Willem Arondeus, meticulously planned to carry out a sabotage attack on the Amsterdam civil registry office, with the aim to destroy the records, without causing any loss of life.
The member's basis is adjusted each year for his share of the entity's income or loss.
A victim can die very quickly from blood loss.
The loss of the Ryūō title marked the first time in 27 years that Habu was a not one of professional shogi's major titleholders.
Agriculture, steelmaking, cement production, and forest loss are additional sources.
With the loss of its gaming assets, Playboy barely survived.
On 30 September, the rebels overran an AMIS base, killing at least 12 peacekeepers in "the heaviest loss of life and biggest attack on the African Mission" during a raid at the end of Ramadan season.
With the loss of her protection, her eldest son David would become the prey of his uncle, Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, dying shortly after.
16 November 2020: A German IAI Heron drone is lost in Mazar-i-Sharif, Afghanistan, with the cause of the loss likely a hacking by the Taliban.
As late as one week before the first votes were cast in Iowa's caucuses, Dean had enjoyed a 30% lead in New Hampshire opinion polls; accordingly, this loss represented another major setback to his campaign.
A minimum ionizing particle (MIP) is a particle whose mean energy loss rate through matter is close to the minimum.
Tommy suddenly pulls the plugs on the DJ equipment and angrily begins choking Pete, whom he blames for the loss, but is stopped by the mentally handicapped girl lashing him with a whip to protect Pete.
He debuted on 27 August in the next game, a 1–0 loss at Eibar.
In Round 17 of the 1993 NSWRL season, Bouveng made his first grade debut for the Gold Coast in their 26–0 loss to the Illawarra Steelers.
She went missing and was presumed to have foundered with the loss of all hands.
While the United States defeated Britain 11-1, Keiser's loss to Sam King (4 and 3) prevented the Americans from a clean sweep.
The Goldfish Went on Vacation: A Memoir of Loss (2007), Trumpeter
Although the symptoms of immune deficiency characteristic of AIDS do not appear for years after a person is infected, the bulk of CD4+ T cell loss occurs during the first weeks of infection, especially in the intestinal mucosa, which harbors the majority of the lymphocytes found in the body.
In his first season at LSU in 1995, the Tigers opened with a loss at No.
He believes U.S. free trade policies and agreements have caused the job loss and the great recession.
A second rebellion by the Frères chasseurs of Robert Nelson broke out one year later, but the British put it down as well, with much loss of life and destruction of property.
He suffered his first loss in the Fountain of Youth Stakes when he was caught in an early speed duel and then tired, finishing last.
The book deals at length with such issues as nuclear power and its dangers/benefits; the loss of a wife and the effect it has on a family; the bond of siblings; the use and manifestations of both psychosis and duty; and, finally, the love among family members.
Michael Kilian, who has written extensively about Alice de Janzé's life, believes that she chose suicide because she became depressed about her ageing appearance and loss of looks.
Her crew was evacuated without loss and the cruiser destroyed by a pair of torpedoes from an accompanying destroyer.
Another common experience Favorite Brands shared with the travails which Brach's had endured was the loss of a well-known brand name; Favorite Brands was to lose the 'Kraft' name on its packaging effective October 1997.
Lonergan regained his first choice back following Henderson's injury and made his first appearance of the season, in a 2–1 loss against Coventry City on 1 September 2007.
In 1991, he once again won the Steelers' Player of the Year award and represented NSW Country Origin, starting at lock in their 12–22 loss to City.
A subsequent congressional investigation into the matter determined that the two regiments should share equal credit for the capture, and that Harnden was blameless for the loss of life in the skirmish between the two Union regiments.
It was the first time ever Australia had lost to Scotland twice in row at home, with the last loss, 9–6 in 2012, the last time Scotland had beaten Australia.
In football, the school finished the season undefeated in 2016 and had one loss in 2017.
Hamels started Game 2 of the 2009 National League Division Series against the Colorado Rockies, allowing four earned runs through five innings to take the loss.
Plaintiff's attorneys who sued Philip Morris lost their case and twice tried unsuccessfully to reverse their loss at the Illinois Supreme Court, using allegations of illegal campaign contributions to Karmeier.
Climate model simulations suggest that rapid and sustained September Arctic ice loss is likely in future 21st century climate projections.
Cavity wall insulation is used to reduce heat loss through a cavity wall by filling the air space with material that inhibits heat transfer.
Ultrasonic trackers have a more limited range because of the loss of energy with the distance traveled.
Critics said that this admission automatically rendered previous voting behavior MRB estimates from these areas unreliable; yet, the election results in the prefectures which were devastated by the fires (Ilia, Euboea and Arcadia), were marked by a loss in votes for both the main opposition party and the ruling party.
Loss of autonomy; others are dictating what an individual's services are worth.
Black Air survive this loss of political and actual power, albeit in a much-reduced manner, operating only through a handful of splinter cells.
On 1 September, while defending Warsaw, it shot down 16 German planes, for a loss of 10 of its own fighters.
The loss to the trust fund could have been avoided (as I find) without difficulty or disruption had the bank been prepared to lead, in a broad sense, rather than to follow.
It proved to be Beardsley's last goal for five months, ending his goal drought in a 3–1 away loss to Yeovil on 12 February 2013, in what was Westley's last match in charge of the club.
The second half of the 20th century also saw the loss of many local businesses, with the smithy being demolished in 1979, and the last remaining village shop closing before 1999.
Cries about loss of morals in the succeeding generation, overwhelmingly unsubstantiated, and calls for remediation have been constant in America since before its founding.
These environmental elements include loss of habitat from agricultural, commercial and urban development, as well as collection by reptile fanciers and breeders.
Furthermore the resulting avoidance of food and drinks caused by the phobic stimulus may ultimately lead to weight loss, anxiety, depressions and social withdrawal.
He reports that the medical records he was given, upon his repatriation, say the loss of the use of his legs was progressive, not sudden.
In the Balkans, many thousands are still displaced through ethnic-cleansing and need shelter due to the loss of their homes.
They made their first trip to the NBA Finals since 1979, and vindicated them as well after their stunning first-round loss to the Denver Nuggets in 1994, when they had become the first #1 seed to lose to an eighth-seed.
These two things are crucial in causing the stomatal opening to close preventing water loss for the plant.
The AFL's action to form the SIU not only countered the threat of loss of seafaring jobs to the NMU but also served as a political block against the increasing Communist influence in the rival Congress of Industrial Organizations.
He changed his physique by eating small meals of egg whites and apples instead of regular food intakes, while engaging in an intensive weight loss regime to become thin.
The hybrids of two populations with differing numbers of chromosomes can experience a certain loss of fertility, and therefore a poor adaptation, because of irregular meiosis.
He was an unused substitute in the 0–1 loss to the Serie D Best XI.
Beyond the flag monuments is a further sculpture, along the axis formed by the soldier monument, the main area, and the flags, is another figure, of the Motherland weeping at the loss of her sons.
In nearby Xiamen, the typhoon forced 43 factories to temporarily close, resulting in a loss of ¥62.2 million yuan (RMB, US$7.8 million).
Ross worked to prevent loss of New Zone's tax-exempt status and to keep it alive online during a period of gallery homelessness.
If Neal breaks the contract and doesn't use any of John's Landscaping's services, expectation damages paid to John's Landscaping would be $500 minus any costs John's Landscaping may have saved, which is the economic loss they suffered.
In the UK, a variety of companies provide paid leave for such eventualities, with employment tribunals backing this in some instances where employment terms did not specifically mention pet loss.
"tax loss chains", where the contra-trader based in Country A incurs input tax on its purchases in Country A and makes zero-rated supplies of those goods to customers in other member states or exports to customers outside the EU; and
The Ugandan government mostly ignored the loss of Mutukula.
An expert seaman and tactician, Captain Gano retired the Dyson from the engagement without loss or damage and his high devotion to duty and splendid conduct throughout the action were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service.
He came off the bench early into the match and received two yellow cards by the end of the first half of an eventual 2–3 loss to Ivory Coast.
It is the most common cause of hair loss.
Bicalutamide, an antiandrogen, is another option for the treatment of female pattern hair loss.
In 1666 forty nine Catholics from hiding places in the woods in county Roscommon signed a letter in support of the Pope and protesting the loss of their 'due liberties'.
All except Mackay and Malcolm were completed in time for wartime service, Scott being a war loss.
Loss of metropolitan status
Most of the season focuses on The Walkers dealing with the loss of William Walker and the secrets uncovered by his death, most notably the discovery of Holly Harper, a woman he had an affair with, and her daughter Rebecca.
In recent years, following the loss of some broadcast rights of the Pac-12 Conference to Fox Sports in 2012, the Pac-12's Saturday Night Football appearances have been limited to non-conference games, especially home games against Notre Dame and games against the Southeastern Conference, as well as road games against conferences that still have broadcast rights with ABC.
He was an undisputed starter from 1997 to 2000, helping the Che to the 1999 Copa del Rey and Supercopa de España and scoring five La Liga goals in his final season; to finish his career with the club he appeared in the campaign's UEFA Champions League final, a 0–3 loss against Real Madrid.
On 13 July 2009, the vessel Uean Te Raoi II, owned by the Catholic Parish of Maiana and travelling from Bwairiki in Tarawa, capsized and foundered off Maiana with the loss of 35 lives.
In their brief fight, the VVKJ suffered the loss of 49 aircraft to Axis fighters and anti-aircraft fire, with many more damaged beyond repair.
The decision on whether to surgically decompress the pituitary gland is complex and mainly dependent on the severity of visual loss and visual field defects.
With the loss of both prior hosts, Simon Hobbs & Melissa Lee filled in as co-anchors.
This is consistent with the hypothesis of Allen's rule, where appendages are larger in warmer climates to assist with heat loss.
However, City's title challenge faded with a loss of form in February and March 2011.
On 18 October 2009, Faé was sent off with a second yellow card, after he directed abusive language towards the referee in a 4–1 loss against Lorient.
Their loss to Brooks ended their hopes of a national championship and was their final game as members of the Superior International Junior Hockey League.
Loss of habitat has also caused blond capuchins to live in small forest fragments where they are at higher risk of infectious diseases.
McCarthy's current concentration is on the factors that caused the Ottoman loss in the East in World War I.
She was formerly an adjunct research fellow at Monash Asia Institute, Melbourne, and is the author of Shouting from China, Gentle John My Love My Loss, Lazy Man in China and her most recent memoir,  Ching Chong China Girl, which is also an e-book.
Élissalde was limited to three appearances in the Six Nations in 2008, including the championship deciding loss to Wales in Cardiff.
In the heat of the day, it can bury itself in damp sand as a means of thermoregulation and to prevent water loss.
During the U17 World Cup, Biglia scored his first national goal in a semi-final, in a 3–2 loss against Spain.
The loss of three destroyers attempting to interdict the German evacuation of the Taman Bridgehead on 6 October 1943 caused Stalin to forbid the deployment of large naval units without his express permission and this meant the end of Krasny Kryms active participation in the war.
Historically, right-wing terrorism was tied to rage over the loss of France's colonial possessions in Africa, particularly Algeria.
Medical conditions include frequent ear infection, hearing loss, hypotonia, developmental problems, respiratory problems, eating difficulties, light sensitivity, and esophageal reflux.
Son and father were buried in Tynan Parish church, at his funeral a telegram sent from the Queen (to one of Norman's daughters) was read, it stated; "I was deeply shocked to learn of the tragic death of your father and brother; Prince Philip joins me in sending you and your sister all our deepest sympathy on your dreadful loss.
The clue to the ill-feeling may be in the term 'straightening' which may imply that John's father agreed to a new march which may have resulted in some small loss of his lands.
Maiden voyage and loss
His first match for Dinamo was on 2 October 1994 in a Divizia A derby against Steaua București which ended with a 2–0 loss.
The following week at Troy, he posted 8 tackles, 2.0 sacks, and 3 tackles for loss.
He gave up three runs (just one earned) and took the loss in a 3–2 game.
Despite the loss of NHL backing, the Kingston committee went ahead with planning an International Hockey Hall of Fame, using the monies and memorabilia donated, since the funds collected by the incorporation could only be legally used to build a shrine in the Kingston vicinity.
The relegation was preceded by a 0–1 loss to Al Sadd, as Hassan Jowhar scored a header goal which would prove to be the final nail in the coffin of Al Rayyan.
The decline and ultimate loss of the pilchard industry from the early years of the 20th century heralded a new beginning for motorised fishing boats.
17–18 September –  is torpedoed by  in the Atlantic with the loss of 248 of the 406 on board, including child evacuees bound for Canada.
After serving a one match suspension in April, Zimling scored on his return from suspension, in a 2–1 loss against Copenhagen on 9 April 2006.
On 8 September 2017 Zimling scored his first goal for SønderjyskE, in a 3–2 loss against Hobro.
However in a match against FC Utrecht on 26 September 2009, he was sent–off for a second bookable offence, in a 1–0 loss.
First, nerve geometry might change with age because of axonal loss and neural fibrosis.
Later on he developed into a skilled attacking midfielder with great passing vision which helped the Lynx make the playoffs in 2000 eliminating teams like Long Island Rough Riders, and Richmond Kickers, but the Lynx playoff run came to an end in the Eastern Conference Final against the Rochester Raging Rhinos in a 2-1 loss on aggregate.
 Change of command – 4 March 1943 – Patton reassigned to command II Corps after MG Lloyd Fredendall is relieved following the loss at the Battle of Kasserine Pass
Following the Revolutionary War and the loss of Florida by the British, Moultrie moved to England and died there in 1798.
From the 1960s to September 2000 the castle grounds hosted a wildlife park which closed due to financial loss and criticisms of the way many of the animals were kept.
At the plate, he hit his first career home run July 3 against Hall of Famer Bob Lemon in a 14–9 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
In less than 72 hours, 35 churches and monasteries were set on fire, many of which date back to the 14th century or even further away in history, which represents an irretrievable loss for the mankind.
First, as the supplier of commodities to retail enterprises, it directly determines the procurement cost of commodities to retail enterprises, which is mainly reflected in the purchase price of commodities themselves, the cost incurred in the procurement process, and the loss cost caused by unstable supply of commodities.
Ayoví made his debut for the national squad on October 14, 1998 with a loss (1-5) in a friendly against Brazil.
Not every large loss is a catastrophe under the law.
The most known mediator is histamine, which results in the five symptoms of inflammation: heat, swelling, pain, redness and loss of function.
They clearly guess that their respective families will have to commit suicide out of shame and loss.
Improvements included relining the interior walls to protect against condensation as well as battery-powered interior emergency lights to assist with exiting the monument should there be a power loss.
In 2004, the city sold the property to Mills Corp. at a $20 million loss.
Replicated storage to ensure that hardware failure or a site disaster does not lead to loss of data.
Born in Warrington, Cheshire, Foster signed for local club Crewe Alexandra as a trainee in August 1997 and made his debut just over a year later in Crewe's 1–0 loss at Bury on 22 August 1998.
Because of Humboldt's loss, both Camrose and Cornwall clinch a spot in the semi-finals.
Phillips had 40 points in the loss.
Despite the loss, Phillips earned two votes with 18 disposals and two behinds.
Robert E. Lee wrote that "the loss sustained by the cavalry in the fall of General Chambliss will be felt throughout the army, in which, by his courage, energy and skill, he had won for himself an honorable name."
The Colt ACR was not a total loss, however; the scope went on to be offered by Elcan as the C79, a version of which was eventually adopted as the M145 Machine Gun Optic used on a number of firearms, especially those from Diemaco (now Colt Canada).
His only appearance was in the 3–0 loss to Germany, replacing Felix Borja midway through the match.
In the 2013–14 season, Hollands' only appearance for the side came on in the first round of the League Cup, in a 4–0 loss against Oxford United.
On 16 July, at about sixteen and half minutes into the flight, the station in the Canary Islands acquired a signal from Apollo 11 for several minutes after the loss of signal to the USNS Vanguard positioned in the Atlantic Ocean.
It was never finished due to loss of money.
He was responsible for the loss of Ray's eyes as well as the parasite which infected Red Ribbon.
With the loss of Brad Hunt and Mike Harrow, the 2008 season will open the doors to new imports and junior players moving up to the AIHL.
The passenger ship Quetta, struck an uncharted rock in the Adolphus Channel, just off Albany Island in 1890, with the loss of 134 people.
They suffered 3 killed, 22 wounded (five of them mortally), and 5 missing for a total loss of 30.
This change in tides, it is believed, is part of what has led to the loss of a certain amount of land at Sylt's southern end.
Despite severe damage to his ship and the loss of several men on board as enemy fire raked her decks from stem to stern, Cooper fought his gun with skill and courage throughout the furious battle which resulted in the surrender of the prize rebel ram Tennessee and in the damaging and destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.
Cachexia causes ongoing muscle loss that is not entirely reversed with nutritional therapy.
Local Koreans felt shaken by the investigations and expressed their loss of confidence, some committed suicide in the managing organisation as a result.
The Highlanders recorded a home win over the Cheetahs to open the round before the Force subjected the Sharks to their second loss in as many matches in Perth.
Exploration of the site in May 2006 reveals loss of the balustrades, the bridge and the lake, which has been filled and is now used for horses.
On December 28, 2003, Clark recorded three solo tackles and made his first career sack during a 37-24 loss against the Carolina Panthers in Week 17.
For an extended period of time in later volumes of the manga, Excel suffers from memory loss, and lives with the Shiouji family under the assumed name, Teriha Shiouji, while Ropponmatsu, disguised as Excel herself, takes her place in the ACROSS ranks.
He scored the first direct free-kick of the tournament in a 5–2 loss to France.
Six months later, Abdulghani also captained the side in the 2006 Crown Prince Cup final loss against Al-Hilal as well.
Loss of significant extents of elephant range and suitable habitat continues; their free movement is impeded by reservoirs, hydroelectric projects and associated canals, irrigation dams, numerous pockets of cultivation and plantations, highways, railway lines, mining and industrial development.
Rusk scored on his debut for Northwich, in the 2–1 loss against Ebbsfleet United, which was the first game for Ebbsfleet under this name, having previously been known as Gravesend & Northfleet.
In Game 5 of the AL Championship Series (ALCS) against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, he suffered a loss when he gave up a run and also allowed an inherited runner to score in the 7–6 defeat.
As McIlvanney put it when reflecting on the loss five days later, "Sir Alf Ramsey's team are out because the best goalkeeper most people have ever seen turned sick, and one who is only slightly less gifted was overwhelmed by the suddenness of his promotion.
Sánchez's only World Series game was unsuccessful, as he gave up all four runs in 4.2 innings in the Giants' 4–2 loss to the Texas Rangers in Game three.
This subspecies lives in dense bamboo stands and areas of bamboo vines and is threatened by habitat loss and degradation.
The Cuckoos speak before Wolverine and Cassandra Nova of the consequences of defeat: genetic enslavement by the Beast, loss of all natural evolution and species propagation.
It was followed with a 1–5 loss at home to England despite having taken an early lead.
However local landowners and farmers did object to the loss of rights of way across their former lands.
However, the loss of the eastern territories meant that the company lost an important raw materials market.
On 11 July, he picked up a hamstring injury in a 1–0 league loss to Atlético Madrid, causing him to miss the rest of the season.
It is considered threatened due to loss of surrounding habitat to recreational activities, to competition from invasive plant species, to its proximity to a dense population center, and to its confinement to a single population of plants.
These records suggest that Ordronaux was not on board when Prince de Neufchatel was captured, and cannot be held responsible for its loss.
 Pietro D. Spanu et al., Genome Expansion and Gene Loss in Powdery Mildew Fungi Reveal Functional Tradeoffs in Parasitism, in: Science.
However, linguistic changes in oral transmission of the samhita before it was written down, mostly by the loss of syllabicity of high vowels when followed by a vowel, the tone has become relevant and is called an independent svarita.
This unnatural development of male reproductive organs, however, has shown no negative effects on populations of this species, and no loss of reproductive capabilities of female R. venosa as a consequence of Imposex has been observed so far.
Current campaign and lobbying activity focuses on biodiversity loss and challenging economic concerns regarding birth rate decline.
The crew discovers they have the option of re-initialising the Doctor if it comes down to it, but this would result in the loss of everything he had learned in the past two years.
These reactions gives rise to color (typically brown), loss of solubility, and rigidification that accompany sclerotization.
In the main event of Volume 8, Del Rey lost to Martinez, and suffered her first singles loss in Shimmer.
When the votes were counted nationwide in the first referendum on President Roosevelt and his New Deal, the Democrats, instead of the customary mid-term loss of congressional seats, had gained nine House seats and ten Senate seats.
One large study though, did not find health improvements for premium incentive-based workplace weight loss programs.
However, "in the private fee-for-service context, the loss of specialist income is a powerful barrier to e-referral, a barrier that might be overcome if health plans compensated specialists for the time spent handling e-referrals."
Another factor in the city's population loss was white flight, which began in earnest during the late 1950s and continued during the 1960s and 1970s.
The phrase "the casual comedy" is laden with sarcasm, pointing to an unnecessary loss of life (a point he picks up again in a later stanza) as well as the senselessness of the killings.
The loss is a monotonic function to the impedance ratio.
He found that Libonectes and Dolichorhynchops shared characteristics such as an opening on the palate for the vomeronasal organ, the plate-like expansions of the pterygoid bones, and the loss of the pineal foramen on the top of the skull, differing from the pliosaurs.
His 1925 team finished in second place in the Big Ten Conference with its only loss being against his former team, Michigan, by a score of 21–0.
The call expires worthless (since the buyer does not exercise it) and the total net loss is $2 – $4 =  −$2.
The name Wildcats was bestowed upon the university in 1924 by Wallace Abbey, a writer for the Chicago Daily Tribune who wrote that even in a loss to the University of Chicago, "Football players had not come down from Evanston; wildcats would be a name better suited to Coach Glenn Thistletwaite's boys."
The 2000 Parade was cancelled for a lack of organised financial backing, and the 2001 Parade, for which there were high hopes, again saw the Hero Trust Board make a significant loss.
It also implies that a statement of loss, which grants no objection option to the taxpayer, has a different status with the notice of assessment.
Elspeth learns about Dragon's fateful past, and realizes that the cause of her delirium lies in the loss of her beloved Mother, the Red Queen.
In the 1980–81 season, Željezničar reached the Yugoslav Cup final (Marshal Tito Cup final), with 20-year-old Baždarević scoring two goals in a 2–3 loss to another Bosnian side Velež Mostar.
Incidents of left-wing terrorism dropped off at the end of the Cold War (circa 1989), partly due to the loss of support for communism.
The band's tours often ran at a loss, bringing their own PA and lightshow, while the band's new material, released through manager Chas Chandler's Barn Records sold little.
The Tirpitz was sunk with the loss of a thousand sailors.
From necessity, following extensive territorial loss and a near disastrous defeat by the Normans of southern Italy at Dyrrachion in 1081, Alexios constructed a new army from the ground up.
It was the deadliest attack on the British Army during the Troubles and the Parachute Regiment's biggest loss since World War II, with sixteen paratroopers killed.
On 24 September 2011, Williams scored his first ever Premier League goal in a 4–1 loss at Chelsea, after heading in a Mark Gower free kick.
During the 2017–18 NHL season Johnson played in his 600th NHL game on December 3, 2017, in a 7–2 loss to the Dallas Stars.
Defense was the Pioneers' biggest problem, as they allowed double-digit goals in nine contests, including a 17-1 loss at Granby -- the team with the second-worst record in the QMJHL.
Intraocular inflammation is one of the main causes of temporary pain and vision loss after an intravitreal injection.
The accident was attributed to "The pilot's inadvertent flight into mountain wave weather conditions while IMC, resulting in a loss of aircraft control."
Symperson, fearing the loss of his promised stipend, demands an explanation, but Cheviot cannot give him one.
Vesnina started clay-court season with a stunning loss at the Charleston Open to the 282nd ranked player in the world, Fanny Stollár.
Mourning the loss of the club's former great, on 14 January, Real Madrid side coached by José Mourinho played their away league match at Real Mallorca with Madrid players wearing black armbands.
 De'Shawn Washington as Skinny Carter, Mac's younger brother who dies from his injuries and blood loss after being shot.
The present-day conformation of the hoof is a result of a progressive evolutionary loss of digits I, II, IV and V of the basal pentadactyl limb, with changes in bones, joints and hoof capsule.
Two weeks later on 3 February 2019 against PEC Zwolle, Emanuelson set up FC Utrecht's second goal of the game before being sent–off in the 71st minute for a professional foul, in a 4–3 loss.
Habitat loss due to increasing irrigation from agricultural land use change is a threat to Galaxias vulgaris.
After 2–8 seasons and 4–6 seasons, Coach Osborn led the Lions to their first winning season in school history in 2012 at 6-4, and to their first playoff appearance, in a loss to Colonia High School.
The Guards' primary goal was to reduce the land loss after the 1920 Treaty of Trianon.
Abdullah Ababneh, a young member of the Royal Jordanian Air Force, revels in his role as security adviser to the United States through Rayford Steele while facing the loss of his wife to a strange new religion.
The firm recorded a post-tax loss of £22.5m for the year.
The moral effect should be so good that the loss of life should be reduced to a minimum.
It is claimed that Roman civilization ended not by the invasion of these tribes but by the loss of the African tax base.
Sir Austen Chamberlain, the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, described Williams' death as "in a very real sense a national loss."
Beginning in the 2014–15 season, owing to Bell Canada's ownership stake in the Leafs' owner, Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment and the loss of TSN's national cable rights, TSN began to air 26 regional games per season, split with Sportsnet Ontario, and aired by TSN4.
Following his loss to Hughes, Riggs rebounded to win against future longtime Strikeforce Welterweight Champion, Nick Diaz via decision at UFC 57.
The loss of fuel from the chase and damage coupled with his damaged propellers upon his collision with the ground, meant that the chances of reaching England were slim.
Dr. Pisculli's intention for the flight was to study the effects of fatigue in long-distance aviation and to test his hypothesis that the loss of many previous long-distance flights had been due to the buildup of carbon monoxide in the crew compartment.
Hierro has also suffered the loss of personal support from among former close party colleagues, including Ope Pasquet Iribarne, who in 2007 endorsed Pedro Bordaberry's 'Vamos Uruguay' grouping.
In Week 5 against the New England Patriots, McCoy threw for 122 yards and one interception in the 33–7 loss.
Lastly, the canal device is aimed for mild to moderately severe hearing loss.
Burnout can begin as loss of interest in a task or boredom.
The main threats to G. huttoni are competition and predation from introduced salmonid fishes, mainly brown trout (Salmo trutta), and habitat loss.
On February 10, 2022, he was suspended for two games without pay after attempting to confront a fan three days earlier, during a 100–121 loss to the Miami Heat.
The aim of medical management is to identify factors that can contribute to falls and fracture risk such as osteoporosis, multiple medications, balance and gait problems, loss of vision and a history of falls.
As Colvin was about to begin her speech after winning Song of the Year, rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard stormed the stage protesting his loss of an award that same night, saying, "...I don't know how you all see it, but when it comes to the children, Wu-Tang is for the children..." leading him to be escorted off stage.
Born in Coimbra, Castro entered hometown Académica de Coimbra's youth ranks as a child, and made his Primeira Liga debut on 5 October 2003, playing the full 90 minutes in a 4–1 away loss to FC Porto.
Spratt also stated he would officially appeal the decision with the Athletic Commission; it is unknown whether or not Spratt did submit an appeal, but if he did it was rejected as his fight with Means is still recorded as a loss by popular MMA record keeping sites.
The loss of the floodplain and shorter sections of river caused higher water levels and risk of flood than in the past.
This loss marked the only time in U.S. history that an elected president who was an active candidate for reelection was not nominated for a second term.
It has the disadvantage that it cannot be used with unbalanced circuits without the addition of transformers; however, it is ideal for  balanced telecommunication lines if the insertion loss is not an issue.
Despite the political gains, the loss of that year is always with me."
For example, following the loss of final -ą, this left neuter ja-stem nouns with syllabic -i (from *-iją) after long stems but no ending (from *-ją) after short stems.
Instead ending with a joyous tone as if reminiscing about the dear friend produces restoration and gain, not loss.
Smolarek made his debut for the Poland national team on 12 October 1980, in a 1–2 friendly loss in Argentina.
30 January – SS Fulmar sinks off Kilkee with the loss of all 17 aboard.
A possible contribution to Testerman's loss to Tyree was dissatisfaction with his handling of garbage workers in 1974.
When guanylin expression was measured on over 250 colon cancer patients, more than 85% of patients had a loss of guanylin expression in cancerous tissue samples by 100-1000 times when compared to the same patients's nearby healthy colon tissue.
Boddicker got the loss.
Unhappy at the loss of advertising, Radio Mi Amigo terminated its contract with Caroline in November 1978 and broadcast from its own ship, the MV Magdalena later that year, but this was short-lived.
Bruce Sutter got the save and Camp the loss.
Loss of sails, rigging, masts and boats can occur, not to mention sailors.
The 1st Observation Squadron's O-35s all participated in delivering the U.S. Mail in 1934 without loss.
On 22 September 1918, a serious train crash occurred during the entry of Dresden-Neustadt station with the loss of 18 lives.
The switch did not help the Wild as they fell to the Avalanche in a 3–1 loss.
Suyuan survived but was haunted by guilt over the loss of her daughters and not knowing their fates.
Secondly, as demonstrated in AG for Hong Kong v Reid, where the wrongdoer has made a profit, it allows the claimant to recover a greater amount than their original loss.
He had his second and last 100-yard rushing game on November 22, running for 136 yards on sixteen carries for one touchdown in a 21–13 loss to the Rams.
In spite of this new apparent loss of sovereignty, Mbwila was not obedient to Portugal and routinely played off the larger powers against each other.
L-selectin has also been leveraged to identify activated B cells with different cell fate outcomes, with loss of L-selectin distinguishing activated B cells destined to differentiate to antibody-secreting cells.
Enlargement of the vestibular aqueduct to greater than 2 mm is associated with enlarged vestibular aqueduct syndrome, a disease entity that is associated with one-sided hearing loss in children.
A total of 22 enemy aircraft were claimed for a loss of 26 Me 262s.
In 1974, he became Buffalo's head coach, leading the team to a loss in the Stanley Cup Final in his first year.
Doomed cycle, loss of self, and social assimilation 
Again, prognosis is variable and dependent upon the affected individual, treatment compliance, and degree of vision loss at diagnosis.
A neutral mutation that is in linkage disequilibrium with other alleles that are under selection may proceed to loss or fixation via genetic hitchhiking and/or background selection.
She had four children with her first husband, Charles Norman Kellett, but was widowed in December 1959; her husband died in a car accident in which she suffered head injuries and memory loss.
Shakespeare argues that the young man should at least leave his widow with child before he dies, and that at least a widow will always have the image of her children to console her after her loss.
Connell won two more Leinster Titles during the Caffrey reign, 2005,2006 operating mostly as an impact sub before retiring from inter county football following the crushing 2006 All Ireland semi final loss to Mayo, at the age of 32.
Delta alcoholism: as in Gamma alcoholism, but with inability to abstain, instead of loss of control.
According to author Phil Masters, he had just submitted a solicited manuscript, a guide to the Watchers called Tea and Crossbows, a few days before the Eden Studios announced the loss of their license.
There is the loss of the -o endings -ene and -inu, 'sen', 'fren', 'centen', 'allén', 'padrín', 'camín'..., an overall conservation "-e" syllables end, after '-ete' and 'ite' headquarters, 'rede', 'vide', 'parede', etc.
cases similar to the case of loss of copyright of Miss contests, or more recently, copyright UEFA Champions League of VTVCab, English Premier League of K+...
Had an affair with Bette Porter and started all the friction between Bette and Tina during episodes 1.12: "Looking Back" through 2.01: "Life, Loss, Leaving".
Although a review concluded that low glycemic index diets do not achieve greater weight loss than low-fat diets, the former might lead to greater reductions in cardiovascular risk factors.
Natural gloom at the loss is dispelled when Bradley announces that he has been won over by her policies and appoints her constituents to vital offices, and a happy ending results.
Banco Santander had previously seen a loss of over $1 billion on its investment in Sovereign, when the latter's share price tumbled after being downgraded by Moody's in September 2008.
Biographer Meyers sees the story as a blend of American primitivism and sophistication; Nick evidences a sense of loss which is "not simply grace under pressure—but under siege".
He represented the nation at UEFA Euro 2000, appearing as a substitute and netting in a 4–3 group stage win over Yugoslavia and starting in the quarter-final loss to France (1–2).
In the sixth game of his first season, Maryland's starting quarterback, junior Dennis O'Hara, was injured in a loss at South Carolina, and was replaced by sophomore Jeff Shugars.
The Aggies finished the season with a loss to Western Maryland and a 4–3–1 record.
Professional basketball player Darryl Dawkins of the  Philadelphia 76ers surprised NBA fans when he shattered the glass backboard while making a slam dunk of the ball against the host Kansas City Kings shortly after the beginning of the second half in the 76ers 110 to 103 loss.
It was Bisping's first knockout loss.
That was Boston's only loss of the series, as they defeated the Angels in four games.
The England women's team had previously played at the stadium in a 2–0 loss against Iceland women's team on 16 July 2009
Grove experienced his second consecutive loss at UFC 80 to Jorge Rivera losing by KO at 1:20 in the first round.
It is threatened by loss and degradation of forests due to illegal logging, encroachment by humans, forest fires and construction of irrigation dams.
2011: loss of funding
On 5 October, Safari damaged the Italian merchant Eneo and caused it to be beached on rocks; Eneo was later declared a total loss.
The ITU vegetation model is a radio propagation model that estimates the path loss encountered due to the presence of one or more trees inside a point to point telecommunication link.
He spent the second half of the season with the Northern Bullants and kicked four goals in their second successive grand final loss to North Ballarat.
Truman acknowledged that some jurisdictions suffered hardships due to loss of tax revenue on federally-owned property, but stated such property was exempt under the doctrine of intergovernmental immunity.
The loss of Stevenson's men was sorely felt by Bragg in his upcoming battle at Stones River.
Like his mainstream Marvel counterpart, he carries a hammer and sickle (the latter of which was dropped by Gregory Stark for loss of Soviet symbolism, but decided to keep the hammer to be Fury's own Thor).
The Munros defended the castle for three years with the loss of many lives on both sides.
After the 30th Avenue and 36th Avenue stations closed, there was some controversy over the loss of business near these stations.
Roger Morton from NME described "Being Boring" as "a scrapbook flick through his journey from expectant Northern youth in the '70s to a doubting '90s adulthood, burdened by unease and a sense of loss (of close friends)."
Hunter played 23 games for the year, including the Grand Final loss to .
This unfolding will result in loss in enzymatic activity, which is understandably deleterious to continuing life-functions.
The only major loss of the campaign was the disappearance of the submarine AE1 during a patrol off Rabaul on 14 September 1914.
On October 6, 2000, Leschyshyn played in the first ever game for the Wild, as he had no points in a 3-1 loss to the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
 Fatigue and sleep loss during spaceflight
In Game 3 of the 2019 Finals, Curry scored a playoff career-high 47 points to go with eight rebounds and seven assists in a 123–109 loss to Toronto Raptors.
From 1797 to 1802, Napoleon Bonaparte's Cisalpine Republic and its successor from 1802 to 1805, the so-called Italian Republic, brought the French occupation right up to the western bank of the Adige River, bringing the loss to Verona of everything to the west.
He made his debut for Carlisle as a substitute in Carlisle's 3–0 win away at Canvey Island he only made one more appearance for the season again as a sub in a loss against Forest Green Rovers.
Match winners received two points, with one for a draw and none for a loss.
As a sophomore, he was a regular starter at inside linebacker, recording 117 tackles (led the team), 4 tackles for loss, one sack, 3 passes defensed and one forced fumble.
He netted his first career hat-trick in the NHL on February 27, 2009, in a 5–4 overtime loss to Pittsburgh.
Within eight months of the loss, then estimated to value $350,000, construction was underway on a new $1.4 million administration building and library.
They accounted for 12 enemy planes shot down by 5 different crews, all at night,  with a loss of 6 of their own aircraft and 17 crew members, none of them a result of enemy fire.
 Aero Flight 311, a DC-3 that was being flown by alcohol-intoxicated and sleep-deprived pilots crashed in Kvevlax, Finland (Koivulahti in Finnish), with a loss of all 25 on board.
Kližan started the year with a first-round loss at the Nouméa, New Caledonia Challenger tournament to World No.
The crew abandoned ship and she burnt out and sank in Road Town's harbour, with the loss of three men.
The most important event of this stage was the loss of Alejandro Valverde, the leader in the ProTour, who broke his collarbone.
On the day of its landfall, the lack of production led to 1,979 less barrels of oil for the day, or about 0.12% of the total daily production for the Gulf of Mexico, while the loss of  of gas for the day was equivalent to 0.23% of the total production.
According to the art historian Tobias G. Natter, some critics disapproved of the loss of the sitter's individuality, while others "accused Klimt of endangering the autonomy of art".
They may have a less symmetric distribution and may be associated with pain and tissue loss.
Despite massive infusions of Soviet arms and Cuban troops, Ethiopia becomes fragmented under the incompetent governance of the Derg, resulting in its loss of several regions to separatists, including Eritrea.
Following the CU loss, Colorado State faced one of its most daunting home games ever against then-10th ranked California.
His league debut occurred on 5 March 1997 in a 0–2 away loss against Rayo Vallecano, and in the following two years he amassed nearly 72 official appearances, contributing prominently in the second as the Andalusians returned to the top level.
After ovulation, it may reveal signs of luteinization such as loss of clearly defined follicular margins and appearance of internal echoes.
At WrestleMania XXVI in 2010, veteran wrestler Shawn Michaels retired following a loss to The Undertaker.
The reestablishment of the Diocese of Whithorn in 1128, may have been undertaken in this context, and may also signal the loss of western Galloway from the Kingdom of the Isles.
Playing mainly with its B-side after having begun with Real Madrid C, he received his first-team debut on 8 May 1999, as a late substitute in a 2–3 away loss against Real Sociedad.
In Round 24 against the Penrith Panthers, Hodges suffered ligament damage in his right knee during the Broncos 22–20 loss at Penrith Stadium.
That afternoon the 39th Ranger Battalion engaged a PAVN force 3km west-southwest of Ranger North killing 43 PAVN for the loss one killed and capturing two 37mm anti-aircraft guns and two 12.7mm machine guns and large quantities of ammunition.
He played in Canterbury's 17 - 13 1979 NSWRFL season's Grand Final loss to the St. George Dragons where he scored 1 try and booted 2 goals.
 Can be made with normal machinery, and can be used in high speed machines, so no need to change suppliers and no loss of jobs
Bruney pitched in the minors from 2000 to 2003, Bruney was recalled by the Diamondbacks on May 8, 2004, and made his major league debut that day against the Philadelphia Phillies, tossing a scoreless ninth inning in Arizona's 8-7 loss.
During a 3–0 loss against AS Nancy on 30 November 2006, Bahia was at fault when he scored an own goal; and eventually, Feyenoord were banned from European competition following hooliganism prior to and during the match against them.
In industrial production, spillage is the loss of production output due to production of a series of defective or unacceptable products which must be rejected.
His first match was a 3–0 loss against 1860 München on 30 October 2011.
A modified version of SDF was introduced as a loss function to minimise the error in interpenetration of pixels while rendering multiple objects.
During the latter operation, one of the two Seakings (Shark 02) embarked on HMAS Kanimbla, crashed on the Island of Nias with the loss of nine personnel.
Henderson's quickly replaced the ship with a new  built the following year, but the new ship's career was cut short in the First World War, when she disappeared in January 1917 with the loss of all 92 persons aboard.
Her only loss came on 12 March 2005, to Nikki Eplion (in her first fight since losing to Laila Ali) in a close decision.
In experimentally infected horses, very early signs included loss of appetite, decreased tongue tone, facial paresis, altered mental status, generalized weakness, and lameness.
Many men reported grieving the loss of self-respect and self-worth.
Urban renewal projects commenced in the 1980s, resulting in the loss of many buildings.
On 20 January 2010, E.ON UK announced the closure of its Rayleigh Customer Service Centre and the loss of 600 jobs.
H-TCP increases its aggressiveness (in particular, the rate of additive increase) as the time since the previous loss increases.
The completion of a road suitable for cars all around the lake in 1934-35, followed by the loss of the mail contract in 1934 to Marian B, made Tahoe uneconomical to operate, and she lay unused for several years.
The loss of the Y chromosome can occur from deletions, translocations, or migration failure of paired chromosomes during cell division.
The loss effectively ended the Tigers hopes for a second straight National Championship Game appearance.
On 28 October 2013, Vermeer made his debut in the Eerste Divisie, the second tier of professional football in the Netherlands when he appeared in goal for newly promoted Jong Ajax in the 4–0 loss at home against FC Dordrecht.
The Waterlily Leaf Beetle, Galerucella nymphaeae, spends its entire life cycle around various Nuphar species, exposing leaf tissue to microbial attack and loss of floating ability.
After the 1985 season ended, Chuck Tanner, manager of the Pirates since 1977, was fired after a 104 loss season, the worst since 1954.
At the end of the 1954 NSWRFL season Preston played for Newtown on the wing in their grand final loss to South Sydney.
The loss snapped a 12-game unbeaten streak by the Fighting Irish.
Hogan's clean pin fall loss signaled the end of an era.
On February 2, Brassard scored his first NHL goal in a 4-1 loss to the Minnesota Wild.
Months later, Ashley returns for the funeral of her niece Delia Abbott and comforts her brother Billy on his loss.
Australia bounces back from their 12–32 loss to the All Blacks a week ago to defeat the Springboks by a record margin.
The game was very close, but the USA fell to Canada 70–67 to finish with a single loss and the silver medal.
Three years after the loss of the Jeanette and de Long's death, some items of equipment and few sou'wester pants were found on the southwestern Greenland coast.
Tommy Garrett of Canyon News'' praised Linder's portrayal of Esther when the character was grieving over the loss of Katherine Chancellor in 2008.
One point was awarded for a win, none for a draw, and minus one for a loss.
With a new head coach, a new offensive system and the loss of several key players such as Joel Klatt (QB), Joe Klopfenstein (TE), Quinn Sypniewski (TE), Lawrence Vickers (TB) and John Torp (P), Colorado faced some challenges to hang on to their Big 12 North Title.
Two draws, a loss and one win resulted at the 1959 Five Nations.
He made his debut in the Conference on 9 November, playing the entirety of a 3–0 loss away to Southport.
On 1 December 1942 the gruppe succeeded in downing one Lockheed P-38 Lightning from the US 49th Fighter Squadron without loss near Djedeida and again achieved a single success against No.
He played his first game with the team on April 4, 2007, getting no points in a 3-2 loss to the Springfield Falcons.
If ingestion of calcium and alkali is continued, neurologic symptoms such as memory loss, personality changes, lethargy, stupor, and coma will persistently develop overtime, as a result of the extreme hypercalcemia and electrolyte imbalances.
They further argue that incentives increase productivity for all people and that the loss of those effects would lead to stagnation.
Bagyidaw could not come to terms with the loss of the territories, and the British used Tenasserim as bait for the Burmese to pay the installments of indemnity.
This must include a phone number for reporting the loss and a description of its error resolution process.
Civoniceva played as a prop forward in the Broncos' 14–18 loss against St Helens,
Michaels played on the wing in the Broncos' 14-18 loss.
They won the title by beating the Dutch pair of Wesley Koolhof and Jean-Julien Rojer, for the loss of only one game.
Armit played at prop forward in the Bulldogs' 32–39 loss.
The Library of Congress has formed a national network of partners dedicated to preserving specific types of digital content that is at risk of loss.
The bomb partially denotated in the cargo hold and caused "a sucking explosion and a loss of pressure," which was then followed by large quantities of smoke filling the passenger cabin, forcing the pilots to make an emergency landing at Dulles International Airport.
Demonstrations broke out, with chanting and singing, until camp authorities warned the leaders that failure to obey orders would result in loss of their opportunity for repatriation.
On 23–24 June, eight of the original force of sixty Lancasters remained in Algeria for repairs and the remaining 52 bombed the Italian naval base at La Spezia, damaging an "oil depot" and an "armaments store" and continued to Britain, again without loss.
In fact, the Teko people suffered the second highest loss in population of all the Tupi tribes, depopulating at a rate of 88% since then.
He would score his first NHL goal on January 16, 2001, on Los Angeles Kings goaltender Jamie Storr in a 7–6 loss.
He made several errors which led to his team's loss in the Japan Series, and was often taken out of games in later innings.
George and Ann are grief-stricken over their loss, but they eventually resolve to survive.
The resulting information can then be shared throughout the client's organization, usually for insurance program cost allocation, loss prevention and effective claim management at the local level.
Farah played at hooker in the Tigers 10–30 loss.
Ferris scored with 15 seconds left after Lakers had a late extra point blocked which led to a 28–27 loss.
Académica made a goal draw with Ribeira Grande, they suffered a 2–0 loss in their rivalry to Sporting.
Académica suffered a 2–0 loss to the mighty Sporting Praia, the second leg ended in a goal draw with Body scoring the only goal at the 40th minute, after Académica lost the title to Sporting.
The loss of reputation of their lord and the thought of life as rōnin was unbearable to the samurai of Ako.
Despite knocking the American down in the opening round, Longinidis eventually lost a battle of attrition and accepted a split decision defeat - his first professional loss.
However, after a heavy 14-point loss in the 2007 EuroLeague Final Four to Panathinakos, Maljković was criticized in the Spanish press, and a lot of speculation appeared about his future.
The LIRR had said that it anticipated a loss of annual revenue between $750,000 and $1 million with the opening of the extension of the Independent Subway System's Queens Boulevard Line to Jamaica.
 On 5 March 1973, an Aviaco Sud Caravelle 10R (registration EC-BID) crashed into the sea during the landing approach, resulting in the loss of the aircraft and three crew.
After being released by Real Madrid, on 22 July 2010, Pellegrini received an offer from the Mexico national team; Javier Aguirre resigned following the 2010 World Cup loss in round 16 in South Africa.
Streak ended on March 18, 2017, with a 13–9 loss to Ireland at Aviva Stadium, Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
He made his Major League debut with the Pirates in September, starting against the Houston Astros and pitching  innings, receiving the loss.
He pitched 1/3 inning and took the loss when Narron intentionally walked the strikeout prone Ryan Howard to load the bases with nobody out to move the winning run to third base.
Another interpretation is that the Catechism by no means denies other forms of suffering, but stresses that the pain of loss is central to the Catholic understanding of hell.
After his loss to Leonard, Green returned to the ring on 14 November 1980, against American Mario Mendez, stopping him in the second round.
As previously mentioned, default consequences are severe and can include damaged credit, ineligibility for future student loans, garnishment of wages, high collection fees, loss of federal income tax refunds or Social Security and prohibition from other federal assistance programs.
A sweep of Hỏa Lòng was conducted, killing 50 Viet Cong and wounding 25, for the loss of five Australians killed and 24 wounded.
His 1952 squad finished the year ranked fifth in the nation with a 10–1 record, outscoring their opponents 254-47 and leading the nation in scoring defense at 4.7 points per game; the only loss was a 9–0 contest at Notre Dame which ended the regular season.
Their foes are hampered by the loss of the Great Secret, which David has stolen and hidden.
With construction of the Erie Canal and the National Road, the citizens of Philadelphia became worried of the loss of trade to New York City and Baltimore, Maryland, and persuaded the state government to invest in a transportation network to travel west over the Allegheny Mountains.
The symptoms of vertebral artery dissection include head and neck pain and intermittent or permanent stroke symptoms such as difficulty speaking, impaired coordination and visual loss.
On 25 July 2006, it was announced that the service would be withdrawn at the end of September as it had made a loss for some time.
Franklin kicked five goals in the six-point loss to Hawthorn, overtaking Bernie Quinlan to climb into the top ten highest goalkickers in VFL/AFL history.
On February 14, Lowry finished his second All-Star game, held in Toronto for the first time, with 14 points, 10 assists, 5 rebounds, and 2 steals in the East's 196–173 loss to the West.
Oddly, despite the loss of results, Powers was much more consistent, finishing all but one race in the year.
According to the state government this is the worst site of India, the town of Jharia is to be shifted due to the uncontrollable coal mine fires (see below), which have found to be undousable, leading to loss of property and lives.
The final game was a loss to Kilkenny by 2 points at Nowlan Park.
Since then, the wildlife around Magadi has been greatly reduced by poaching and habitat loss.
The classes addressed the relationship between trauma, loss, addiction and mass incarceration.
Driver made his MLS debut on 17 March, coming off the bench and scoring once in a 3–2 loss to Texas Derby rivals FC Dallas.
14 Hospital Ship was towed towards Philippevile but sunk en route without loss of life on board.
Parasitic plants are important in research, especially on the loss of photosynthesis and the co-dependency of functional, genetic and lifestyle changes.
When properly stored, samples can be analyzed days later in the laboratory without significant loss of volatiles.
Charlotte returned to the NBA playoffs for the second time in three years before suffering a loss against the Chicago Bulls in the first round.
The number of reported cases of cerebral achromatopsia are relatively few compared with other forms of color-vision loss.
"Illegal" is a ballad with lyrics revolving around mourning for the loss of a lover, as seen in the lines, "It should be illegal to deceive a woman's heart".
Being hit by an elevator results in loss of a life.
The year finished off with a win over Morocco 36–12 but a loss to Spain .
 Department of Veterans' Affairs White Repatriation Health Card holders where hearing loss is specified, or their dependants,
Their semifinal loss against eventual tournament winner South Korea was a crushing blow for Uichico's squad losing by one point on a Lee Sang Min triple in the final seconds.
However, on later review, it was found that the first game in the 18-game sequence was in fact a loss, and as such are now credited with having held an equal record with South Africa and New Zealand (the record would later be broken by Cyprus in 2013).
Eminem was shown at a loss for words.
Travers faced 50 batters through 8 innings, and was tagged with the loss in the 24–2 decision.
Habitat loss, predation, and hunting caused a decrease in their population.
 = The slope of the path loss curve.
An article in the Hobart Town Courier in 1832 deplored the loss of the emu, comparing it to that of the dodo, 'and we mention it particularly upon the present occasion, in order to impress upon our local government the propriety of taking some steps to prevent similar annihilation of that apparently no less valuable bird our native Emu.
As of that date, the Rattlers were given only their second regulation loss in 76 regular season games.
Garrido scored his first goal for City direct from a free kick against Liverpool in their 3–2 loss on 5 October 2008.
The Native Americans who inhabited Middle Tennessee increasingly realized that the arrival of European settlers was unending, and feared for the loss of their hunting grounds.
The 59 point loss was the largest for the Blue Raiders since 1933.
On November 14, in a 3–1 loss to the Winnipeg Jets, Oshie suffered a possible concussion when he was slammed down by the Jets' defenseman Josh Morrissey, who was later fined for unsportsmanlike conduct.
During her last voyage, from St. John's to Halifax and on to New York City, she sank after striking a reef at Horn Head Point, near Cappahayden, Newfoundland, with the loss of 94 including Betty Munn, a three-year-old girl, in whose memory a statue of Peter Pan was erected at Bowring Park in St. John's.
The loss of mangroves could therefore be detrimental to coastal communities exposed to increased storm surges.
Local business have benefited from increased economic revenue, but increases in costs of living, over-dependence on a tourism economy, and loss of natural habitat to development can degrade the quality of life for which the region has become notable.
However, he was sacked after only two months and 15 matches, having been eliminated from the League Cup in a shock loss to Ayr United, and the team second from bottom in the table.
and scored again four days later opening the scoring in a 2–1 loss against Burnley.
Heat is lost through heat transfer throughout the whole body surface and the gills, so prevention of metabolic heat loss is important.
Thermal alteration can also cause loss of the alkane side-chain at C17.
Employers must reinstate these employees to their former employment positions following their deployments, without loss of time, efficiency rating, vacation time, or any benefit of employment during or because of the absence.
The most he averaged in a season after that was 3.6 points per game, although he did have a season high 15 point game in a 103–84 loss to the Detroit Pistons in the beginning of the 1996–1997 season.
Franca lost his fight to Tyson Griffin in the second round via TKO (Punches) after Griffin caught him with a straight right followed up by brutal ground and pound, eventually knocking out França for his second ever KO loss.
A double chin is a loss of definition of the jawbone or soft tissue under the chin.
The loss of thrust was caused by the ingestion of massive amounts of water and hail which in combination with thrust lever movement induced severe stalling in and major damage to the engine compressors.
Having started 1999–2000 in the second level, Gerardo was purchased by Valencia CF in January 2000, appearing scarcely for the Che during the campaign but being a starter in the UEFA Champions League final loss to Real Madrid.
González made his debut in the Champions League on 17 September 2013, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–2 group phase home loss to FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
His departure was followed by a 49–7 loss to the Bears.
To make up for the loss of population, the 1st was extended all the way up the Atlantic coast to Myrtle Beach.
Zamora 4-H has maintained the cohesiveness of the community since the loss of a community school.
While head coach Alain Vigneault initially dismissed the notion of playing Schneider for the sole purpose of sharing the award with Luongo, he sent Schneider in relief of Luongo with 28 seconds remaining in the third-last game of the season, a 2–0 loss to the Edmonton Oilers for Schneider's 24th appearance.
Increasingly despondent due to this and her loss of Miranda, Sara reveals to a maid that she was in an orphanage with her brother before being able to come to the college through her guardian, describing how she was abused by the matron.
Though he did not allow an earned run, in his third appearance he failed to convert a save against the New York Yankees, which led to a loss.
He then joined La Liga side Real Sociedad, scoring – from a free kick – in only his second season appearance, a 1–2 loss at Sevilla FC, finishing with 22 matches.
He played for Bradford at prop forward in their 1996 Challenge Cup final loss to St. Helens.
Despite the loss of Masoli, the Ducks dominated their opponents in the 2010 season.
COL1A1/2-related osteogenesis imperfecta is identified by repeated fractures with trivial trauma, defective dentinogenesis imperfecta (DI), and hearing loss.
It wasn't to be, however, and the Bruins finished the 2007 Regular season with a miserable offensive performance in a 24–7 loss to USC and a record of 6–6.
In 1834, concerned for the health of miners and for the loss in profits incurred by their long, slow climbs by ladders, the Royal Cornwall Polytechnic Society announced a prize for the design of a better system of transporting miners in and out of the deep mines in the county.
The 1905 team suffered its only loss to McGugin's former team, Michigan.
At the final whistle, Maradona, who was man marked by Guido Buchwald for almost the entire match, burst into tears and blamed the referee for the loss.
This "problem" was not a great loss to the listeners studying in that area.
Laura Bushell of BBCi Films called the film a "... looping tale of love and loss in WWII which is so old fashioned in its aspirations, it's hard to see why new audiences would flock to see it."
Because of calcium added to its plates to reduce water loss, a sealed AGM or gel battery recharges more quickly than a flooded lead–acid battery of either VRLA or conventional design.
But Iowa lost every remaining game in 1934, despite the play of Simmons, who returned an interception 80 yards for a touchdown in a loss to Ohio State.
Sánchez made his first appearance of the 2015–16 season as a substitute in Arsenal's 2–0 loss to West Ham United on the opening day of the 2015–16 Premier League.
President of the Republic of Macedonia, Gjorge Ivanov, recalled the long history of co-habitation between Jews and Macedonians and said that with the loss of the Jews "a part of [the Republic of] Macedonia had been torn out and that on the Jewish streets of Skopje, Bitola and Štip, after the war there was silence."
They were joined by the town’s populace, who also feared vengeance for their support of the peasants, and the cavalry simply hacked their way through the masses, killing dozens if not hundreds of people for the loss of just one of their own.
(However, it is probably possible to arrange the circuit so that if at most any two adjacent buttons are pressed, then no data loss will occur.)
In 20 minutes of playing time, Billington made three saves on six shots in a 7–1 loss.
He took over the captain's armband in the Championship match against Middlesbrough in a 3–1 loss which could have possibly been the club's last match in existence.
Faced with vastly superior French forces and the loss of western Malta, von Hompesch surrendered the main fortress of Valletta.
But he made his return to the first team from injury, coming on as a 59th-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Feyenoord on 22 September 2013.
The loss did not prevent her from wrestling for NWA Midwest on May 7 in an NWA Midwest/IWA Mid-South Title match where she defeated the incumbent Haze.
Johnson played the final game of his career in the 2017 Preliminary Final, where he collected 15 disposals and 4 marks in a 36-point loss to Richmond.
In a larger cluster, HDFS nodes are managed through a dedicated NameNode server to host the file system index, and a secondary NameNode that can generate snapshots of the namenode's memory structures, thereby preventing file-system corruption and loss of data.
In the following loss to Saskatchewan, Cobourne rushed 4 times for 6 yards and had 7 receptions for 83 yards and a touchdown.
But his loss in 1921 with Black Servant rankled him, even though another of his horses took home the roses.
One proposed design for a superconducting cable includes a superconducting bipolar DC line operating at ±50 kV, and 50 kA, transmitting about 2.5 GW for several hundred kilometers at zero resistance and nearly no line loss.
While 1,390 (84%) species suffered loss, Mount Cooper striped skink, Keighery's macarthuria, and Southern black-throated finch lost 25, 23, and 10% of potential habitat, respectively.
During that tournament, Deering scored a goal in a 4–2 loss to South Korea.
Upon his return to the Camp Nou, Mathieu netted an own goal for Sporting in a 2–0 loss in their final game of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League groupstage.
Toward the end of the trilogy, Sayward is mourning the loss of the huge old trees:
This is, of course, injurious to the child, but may prevent loss of the digit.
Geran's first two goals as a Bruin came in the same game, his team's 5-3 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates on December 11, 1925.
After a disappointing 3–7–1 season in 1984 that concluded with another loss to rival Kansas, Powers was relieved of his duties.
Later in the night, Triple H came down to the ring and blamed McMahon for his title loss at Survivor Series and then challenged McMahon to a match at Armageddon.
On the other hand, the sizeable pro-communist wing of the PAP were strongly opposed to the merger, fearing a loss of influence; the government in Kuala Lumpur, headed by ruling party United Malays National Organisation, was staunchly anti-communist, and would support the PAP in such an event against them.
In contrast, in about 15% of  patients with recurrent pregnancy loss anatomical problems are thought to be causative with the septate uterus as the most common finding.
After winning his next start, he defeated the Philadelphia Athletics allowing only five hits, and avoided another loss.
On December 26, 2011, Barea made his debut for the Timberwolves, recording 14 points, 2 assists, and 2 rebounds in a 100–104 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
The most serious loss on the Prussian side was the brave Major von Blumenthal, who fell right at the beginning of the action.
* Includes loss to Arizona State during Head Coach Jimmy Lake's suspension.
In contrast, if an equation is dependent on the others, then it provides no information not contained in the others collectively, and the equation can be dropped from the system without any information loss.
The Golden Avalanche compiled records of 7–1 in 1935 and 7–2 in 1936, the latter season concluding with a 16–6 loss to Sammy Baugh and TCU in the 1937 Cotton Bowl Classic.
The Admiralstab, unaware of the loss of Karlsruhe, coincidentally radioed the ship to order her to return to Germany.
Wahlstedt represented the Sweden U17, U19, and U21 teams a total of 40 times before making his full international debut for Sweden on 24 January 1998 in a friendly game against the United States, playing for 76 minutes in a 1–0 loss before being replaced by Mats Lilienberg.
Terlizzi made his Italy national team debut, and only international appearance, in a friendly match against Croatia, on 16 August 2006, together with Sampdoria teammates Giulio Falcone, Gennaro Delvecchio and Angelo Palombo, in a 0–2 loss under new manager Roberto Donadoni.
As such, Hitler listed the loss of the Columbus among the casus belli for his declaration of war.
On 29 August 1999, a U.S. registered Learjet 35A owned by Corporate Jets, Inc., was shot down near Adwa, Ethiopia, while flying from Luxor, Egypt, to Nairobi, Kenya, with the loss of three persons.
If severe enough, the fat accumulation may result in sleep apnea or other sleep disorders, migraines, decreased range of motion, discomfort due to pressure on internal organs, and general loss of condition.
After one game in charge, a 1–0 loss against Middlesbrough on 5 November, McKinlay left Sunderland to take a coaching position at West Ham United.
It explores Guillory's struggle with the loss of her young child but also her compassion for the man who killed him.
After a strong 1909 campaign which saw their only conference loss come to SIAA champion Sewanee, the team lost some star power with Lally, Seip, and center Robert L. Stovall all graduating.
Unable to continue his 1-man advance and despite a severe loss of blood, he single-handedly held the forward position to provide covering fire pinning down the enemy with his M1 Garand.
Harvey scored his first goal for the Union off a header on April 15, 2010, in a 2–1 loss to Toronto FC.
and then he did not score until the last 2 games of the season, the first in a 2–1 away loss against Paris FC and the second and the last in his career in a 3–0 home win against US Orléans from the penalty spot.
France had previously relied on the Dutch to provide naval support against Spain, which ended after Westphalia; in 1657, Mazarin replaced this loss by negotiating an anti-Spanish alliance with the English Commonwealth.
Hutton made his debut in 1952, in a loss against Bill Longson.
The eschatology of the verse, "the Earth shall be rent, and the heavens above", apparently expressing a father's devastation at the loss of his son, may be compared to the father's lament in the Sonatorrek.
Employees are not enlightened to report these close calls as there has been no disruption or loss in the form of injuries or property damage.
Loss Prevention (2018) as CEO Reginald Bachman
Stokes went on to play 22 games for 2008 including the loss in the 2008 AFL Grand Final against Hawthorn.
There were no direct effects of the earthquake's shaking due to its low intensity, and the large loss of life from the event was due to the resulting tsunami, which inundated a  portion of the Java coast that had been unaffected by the earlier 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami that was off the coast of Sumatra.
Type II mutations cause a partial loss of NCC function in which the cotransporter is trafficked to the cell surface but has an impaired insertion in the plasma membrane.
Bruce inherited a strong team led by sophomore quarterback Art Schlichter but that had also lost 11 starters, and the 1979 squad exceeded pre-season expectations, ending the 3-year loss drought against Michigan and going to the Rose Bowl with an opportunity once again to be national champions.
As a redshirt-junior, Butch played in 30 games before severely dislocating his elbow in a 49–48 loss to Ohio State on February 25, 2007.
In his first appearance upon joining his new club, Gromek allowed nine earned runs in one inning in a 23–3 blowout loss to the Boston Red Sox.
The worms are expected to suffer similar muscle loss to humans and will be stored inside the Kibo laboratory.
Unfortunately, the lone loss cost Iowa the Big Ten Conference title.
Sasso also observed that people who underwent surgical treatment will not be affected by pin site infections, brain abscesses, facet joint stiffness, loss of spinal alignment, and skin breakdown.
Similar to the way in which mortgages were securitized and sold off by lenders to investors, student loans were also sold off to investors, thereby eliminating the risk of loss for the actual lender.
Four days later, Julian made his first league start for Gillingham, playing the whole match in a 1–0 home loss to Luton Town.
Hearing loss has a higher incidence in those with cleft palate versus non-cleft palate.
The maximum gain and loss potential are the same for call and put debit spreads.
Using a different calculation, Robert Whaples, a professor of economics at Wake Forest University, estimates a $300 million annual loss.
Hearing loss experts at the U.S. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) recommend that exposure at the 113 dB(A) level not exceed 45 seconds per day.
An agreement is reached to raise the posted price of crude by 8.49 percent to offset the loss in value of oil concessions attributable to the decline in value of the U.S. dollar.
However, during a 1–0 loss against Bordeaux on 27 January 2013, Digard suffered a leg injury in the 13th minute and had to be substituted as a result.
As stated before, one of the major neurological disorders is Metachromatic Leukodystrophy, which is caused by elevated levels of sulfatide, leading to the progressive loss of myelin as a result of sulfatide accumulation.
As a result, the Argentines suffered a major loss in the Battle of Huaqui on 20 June 1811.
His last game in the Mexican first division was a 0–2 loss against Puebla on April 11, 2008.
With both teams suffering only one loss during the lead up to their match, it was anticipated that although four matches would remain after their clash, the winner would more than likely take out the premiership.
When Charles I was executed, the Laniers suffered financial setbacks and hardships with loss of income from the breaking up of the royal court, while they supported the Prince of Wales (later Charles II) and his struggles to regain the throne.
The primary reason for designation is to protect as a 'war grave' the last resting place of British servicemen (or other nationals); however, the Act does not require the loss of the vessel to have occurred during war.
The loss of spiritual understanding and knowledge of prayer in the great cities was a great concern for the church and contribution from religious communities in this vacuum was obvious.
During the mid-20th century, both Hartford and Springfield experienced a loss of manufacturing during economic restructuring.
The true bright spots for Tech in the loss were the spectacular play of Tashard Choice, Durrant Brooks, Travis Bell, and the Tech Defense.
Endothermy demands frequent respiration, which can result in water loss.
The team's first home match was also a loss to the Breakers, 24–21, on July 15, 1987.
CLD panels differ from undamped monolithic panels in that they exhibit significant dynamic shifts (over frequency and temperature) in panel properties, such as the shear modulus and damping loss factor.
Anderson's only loss in his final three seasons was to Anderson's home state school, when Notre Dame lost to the Iowa Hawkeyes in 1921, 10–7.
Running back Willis McGahee was tackled on the second down in the backfield for a loss of 2 yards.
The largest loss of land occurred under the 1839 Treaty of London.
On the same day as his semifinal loss in the 100 meters, Robertson was eliminated in the preliminary heats of the 200 metres with a second-place finish in his heat.
The Yemeni revolution, also part of the Arab Spring, was brought about by the loss of legitimacy by Saleh's regime.
England reached the required target for the loss of only three wickets and with more than ten overs to spare; Mike Brearley fell early, bowled for a duck by Rodney Hogg, but Geoff Boycott anchored the innings with a patient 39 not out off 107 balls.
On March 31, 1996 Meyer recorded a season high 14 points in a 115-100 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
In 28 minutes as a starter, he recorded 12 points and 6 rebounds in a 95–93 loss.
This theory has been disproved multiple times since in all cell types loss of VHL function leads to constitutive activation of HIF and its downstream effects.
Heffernan started his football career at Notts County and at age 18, he made his league debut, coming on as a substitute for Kevin Rapley in the 76th minute, in a 1–0 loss against Oldham Athletic on 24 April 2000.
Gap genes are defined by the effect of a mutation in that gene, which causes the loss of contiguous body segments, resembling a gap in the normal body plan.
If the incident and reflected waves are transmitted without loss then there will be points along the transmission path where the incident and reflected waves exactly cancel each other due to them being in antiphase.
Ninety children were rendered fatherless in the disaster, and plaques in the village school, church and pub are dedicated to their loss.
C57BL/6 mice showed slight loss of body weight after SeV administration, which returned to normal later.
As a result of the rapid weight loss, he tore his leg muscle.
Higher concentration of H+ will also cause the loss of contractile force through the misplacement of calcium in muscle fiber, the misplacement of calcium in muscle fiber will disturb the formation of actin-myosin cross-bridge.
The first case of PMS was described in 1985 by Watt et al., who described a 14-year-old boy with severe intellectual disability, mild dysmorphic features and absent speech, which was associated with terminal loss of the distal arm of chromosome 22.
When an aeroplane equipped with such an engine performed a negative G force manoeuvre (pitching the nose hard down), fuel was forced up to the top of the carburettor's float chamber rather than down into the engine, leading to loss of power.
first leg, he gave an extraordinary game and helped Monterrey get back from a 3–1 loss at halftime in their home stadium to win 4–3, with
Fitch's release from the promotion caused much debate about the UFC "code of conduct" and the general "skill-demand" in UFC, as most commentators had not expected a single loss to lead to a release from the promotion.
In order to avoid the loss of data due to disk failure, common solutions include:
He made his debut by coming on as a substitute for Jermaine Johnson in the 63rd minute on 1 September 2007 at Hillsborough, against Bristol City in a 1–0 loss.
This bird is threatened by hunting, ongoing habitat loss, small population size and a limited range.
On  May 5, Paynter played in his first career NHL playoff game, as he was held with no points, and 10 penalty minutes, in a 3–0 loss to the Boston Bruins.
These factors, along with an outdated weather report, contributed to the loss.
The entire 2007-08 season was spent with the Senators' AHL affiliate, the Binghamton Senators, spending two seasons there while also playing one game with Ottawa in a 6–4 loss to the Boston Bruins on January 8, 2009.
Until July 2006, however, FIFA believed that awarding points simply on the basis of win, draw or loss, would not meet the requirements of a reliable and accurate world ranking system.
A week later, on 28 October 2010, Sarpong scored again, in the fourth round of Copa Del Ray; first round, in a 3–2 loss against Almería.
On 17 June 1997, during the final of the Copa Catalunya, all three appeared with the first team in a 3–1 loss to CE Europa.
The Crown Jewels managed to keep the titles from Rican Havoc for another five months, such as incurring a disqualification loss at February 27's "GENESIS 9" to retain the belts, but ended up losing the belts to them in Quincy on May 15, 2010.
She finds herself in a small college town where she touches the lives of a family who has suffered a great loss.
His loss was even narrower that his initial win: only 320 votes separated him from the winner.
He played for Canterbury-Bankstown in their loss in the 1974 NSWRFL season's grand final.
Gillies was selected to play for Canterbury-Bankstown from the reserve bench in their 1994 Grand Final loss to the Canberra Raiders.
At the end of the 1994 NSWRL season Pay played at second-row forward for the Bulldogs in their Grand Final loss to the Canberra Raiders.
He played fullback for the Dragons in the 8-28 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos in 1992.
A sidearm pitcher, he made his major league debut in the ninth inning of a 3–2 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays at Ameriquest Field in Arlington on July 4, 2006.
There were reports of a large wave striking the vessel during the ballast transfer, but it is unknown what effect this had on her loss of stability.
In Week 8, in a loss to the Dallas Cowboys, Adams recorded two sacks.
Hearing loss with craniofacial syndromes is a common occurrence.
Conductive hearing loss has been reported by many with ectrodactyly–ectodermal dysplasia–cleft (EEC) syndrome in association with a cleft palate (Perterson-Falzone, 2001).
Healing was complete after two weeks, with no loss of function or sensation of the afflicted digit.
Several interventions of both the ERU and RSU teams have taken place since the Carthy siege and due to implementation of the Barr Tribunal reforms, only one of them has resulted in loss of life by civilian or police alike.
After the Cheetahs' Super 14 season in 2006 ended, Bosman was called up for the Boks for the Tri Nations, and was a reserve in the 0–49 loss in Brisbane against the Wallabies.
Many men in the camp suffered dramatic weight loss of more than 50 pounds (23 kilograms) and atrophy of muscles because of the lack of food and subsequent immobility.
Sadly, Hilton scored an own goal, in the fourth round; first leg, in a 3–0 loss against Valencia.
Virgil did not have a decision while Jesse was credited with the loss as the Giants defeated the Braves‚ 8-1.
Server-grade disk array controllers often contain onboard disk buffer, and provide an option for a "backup battery unit" (BBU) to maintain the contents of this cache after power loss.
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8"|37 Wins (24 knockouts), 2 Loss, 1 Draw
Balboa made his debut with Equatorial Guinea on 2 June 2007, in a 0–2 loss to Rwanda for the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying stage.
Blair played in all 4 matches of the tournament including the Kiwis 16-12 Tri-Nations Final loss against Australia.
On 6 May, Blair played for New Zealand in the 2016 ANZAC Test, starting at prop in the 16–0 loss.
It marked only the second loss by the Americans since the championship was founded in 1967.
Despite the loss, Pickett was given a Fight of the Night bonus.
In 1984, the Wolverines suffered their worst season under Schembechler, going 6–6 with a loss to national champion BYU in the 1984 Holiday Bowl.
The Hawks lost the game 4–3, but still clinched the eighth seed of the playoffs due to a Dallas Stars loss on the same day.
Then in July he reached his third World Matchplay final in a row, losing for the second time in three years in the final to Taylor 18–9, making this the third major final loss of the year against Taylor.
Additionally, the Americans killed, wounded or captured and paroled over 450 of their enemy, which was accomplished with only the loss of one killed and six wounded.
Direct cause was the loss of all the braking capacity due to the impact.
This was an attempt to improve the profitability of the line, but it did not work; from the opening of the final section to Roxburgh, the branch always made a working loss, with much traffic lost to road transport operators even before the line reached its greatest length.
A vague description and the loss of the only specimen left the genus ill-defined.
This was followed up by making his first starts of the season for Coventry City, in a 2–1 loss against Sheffield United.
He made his 100th league appearance for the club on 16 October, alongside teammate Apoño, in a 1–4 home loss against Real Madrid.
LU = Average path loss from the small city version of the model (above).
Purdue suffered its worst loss of the season on November 1 in Ann Arbor, falling to Michigan by a score of 34–6.
Piquillo mourns the loss of both his lover and his freedom and eventually falls asleep.
Adamson played one first grade game for the Gold Coast against Illawarra in round 5 1995 at WIN Stadium which ended in a 34–16 loss.
In rare cases hardware controllers have become faulty, which can result in data loss.
He scored a penalty in the first match against the Czech Republic in the 94th minute in the 2–1 loss, he had missed the first penalty but it was re-taken for infringement.
This was his first professional loss.
The natives of Clear Lake suffered tremendous loss of life and were virtually decimated during the regional smallpox epidemic of 1837 that came from Fort Ross.
A subsequent by-election loss of Richardson's riding to Progressive Conservative candidate Gary Schellenberger was blamed by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien on Richardson's reluctance to leave Canadian politics when his health began deteriorating.
He made his debut eight days later, starting in a 4–0 away loss against Hapoel Hadera in which he was replaced in the 46th minute, in what was his first appearance in the Israli top flight in over 11 years.
He scored his only league goal of the season in a 2–1 loss to Lyon as Auxerre finished 8th, three points out of the European places.
|| Loss ||align=left| Carilon || || Paris, France || Decision || ||
Pitman made his Championship debut eight days later, playing the full 90 minutes of a 2–0 loss at Ipswich Town.
Not to refrain from lending immediately before the release of the loans for fear of monetary loss
Following a July 27 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates in which he allowed just two earned runs in seven plus innings of work, Falcone's record stood at 6–11 despite a relatively mild 3.95 ERA.
It primarily causes abdominal pain, diarrhea (which may be bloody if inflammation is at its worst), vomiting (can be continuous), or weight loss, but may also cause complications outside the gastrointestinal tract such as skin rashes, arthritis, inflammation of the eye, tiredness, and lack of concentration.
Following this loss, the Gulls named their fanzine Bamber's Right Foot, in mockery of the striker's miss.
Despite the viceroy's intentions in favor of dialogue, the matter degenerated into a civil war that weakened the royalist troops and permitted the loss of Peru.
With a loss in prize money and stricter regulations from the Chinese Football Association the People's Liberation Army disbanded the club.
Her loss was one of the worst shipwrecks in Australian history; 224 lives were lost.
This put Olympiacos in second place and despite their away win against AEK in the last game of the group, their unexpected loss against Olimpija kept them out of the Final Four in Bologna.
On 11 July, Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga released a statement that expressed "sorrow at the loss of lives" and ordered the investigation of the bombing.
The Illini went on to lose to Wisconsin, 28–17, and finished the regular season with a 27–7 loss to Minnesota.
 In July 2014, a 6-year-old girl was riding Timber Mountain Log Ride with her father when her face smacked into the back of the seat in front of her position, causing a loss of consciousness and lingering vision problems.
Though they tied for first place in their division with a 5–3 conference record, the Yellow Jackets failed to advance to the ACC Championship Game by virtue of an early-season loss to eventual ACC champion, Virginia Tech.
Hu Fei is deeply saddened by her loss and he buries her beside his parents' grave.
Despite the efforts of a defensive computer user, the loss of important data can occur due to malware, power outages, equipment failure and general misuse.
However, the fact that the Dutch definition of "disabling fire" involves launching rounds into the bridge of the target ship, with an increased risk of loss of life, became important.
In his following fight, Montiel suffered a first round knockout loss to Jorge Lara.
The use of defoliants, such as Agent Orange, during the Vietnam War and the ongoing clearing of forests in Vietnam have resulted in a considerable loss of habitat.
The loss of first-class cricket at Snibston Colliery coincided with a downturn in fortune of the colliery.
loss of gender-specificity in plural verb forms, e.g.
(2018) 'The Crisis of Care' (2016) and 'The Retreating Roar' (2014) on the loss of faith.
The ensuing gunfight left 27 Indians dead for the loss of 2 US soldiers from H Troop.
It wasn't until on 8 December 2012 when Trotter returned from the starting line-up, in a 3–0 loss against Ipswich Town.
Actor and president of Association of Malayalam Movie Artists Innocent said at a condolence meeting at Kochi that her death was an irreparable loss to Malayalam film industry.
The increase in displacement is to counter the expected horsepower loss resulting from the switch to a 100% ethanol fuel blend.
He last fought in December 2007, dropping a six rounds decision to Dennis Bakhtov, which became his seventh loss in a row.
He appeared in 31 La Liga matches apiece the following two years, and his team would be relegated in the second; he made his debut in the Spanish top flight on 26 August 2006, coming on as a late substitute in a 2–1 away loss against Valencia CF.
He fought a losing battle attempting to prevent the loss of his South-Western province: in 1458, the Uniate Patriarch Gregory Mammas of Constantinople appointed the Uniate bishop Gregory metropolitan of the newly established Uniate Kiev metropolitanate.
Following a 1–3 start, WMU rebounded to win six of its last seven games, with the lone loss at 16th-ranked Auburn University.
The following year, Allen was stopped at the goal line in a loss to the Longhorns, and was later replaced by De'mond Parker in 1996, though Allen would score the game-winning touchdown that season against the Longhorns, giving the 3–8 Sooners the 30–27 win.
In November 2011, Tansey was sent-off in a 2–0 home loss against Celtic.
He actually clipped Roberts while braking, and this loss of momentum meant that Rossi passed Roberts for second position.
In the eighth round, Diaz was cut over his eye by a Marquez punch, much like he was in the loss to Nate Campbell.
Obua was sent off at Hearts' home match against Celtic on 11 May 2011 at an eventual 3–0 loss.
Lupins react with a higher yield loss, when they are sown late, than other crops (e.g.
Cricket was badly impacted by the Napoleonic Wars with a significant loss of both investment and manpower.
In early 2007, the village suffered a loss of amenities, with the village shop, tearoom and public bar all closing.
Martha Davis has said in various interviews that the song touches upon themes such as the loss of virginity and innocence.
The war party, led by the Minister of War, Wang Ji, and the Duke of Yingguo, Zhang Fu, argued that to let Si Renfa do as he pleased would show weakness to the neighboring Hsenwi and Ava, and would result in a loss of prestige and encourage further rebellions.
In the 2007 Pacific Nations Cup, Australia A played 5 matches for 3 wins, 1 draw, and 1 loss.
On April 1, 1865, at the Battle of Five Forks - a battle Southern historian Douglas Southall Freeman deemed "a day of disaster not to be recorded solely in terms of four guns lost or of good soldiers captured" - Pegram finally suffered the loss of one of his guns while he lay mortally wounded beside it.
He made his Charlton Athletic debut on 13 September 2008, in a 3–1 loss against Wolves.
Severe flea infestations can result in anemia due to blood loss.
The Ffestiniog Railway began legal proceedings to obtain reasonable compensation for the loss of their line in 1956, and it had become the longest case in British legal history by the time it was finally settled in 1972, sixteen and a half years later.
After the loss of his first wife, Elizabeth Melrose Anderson (1855-1915), Campbell married again, to Blanche Duncan (1870-1953), and took up residence in Box Hill (which was still a rural area at that time).
In the 2013–14 season, Shittu continued to remain as the club's captain in the absence of Robinson, who still injured, and started for the first six league matches before dropped for two matches following his performance in a 5–1 loss against Derby County on 16 September 2013.
Barkley continued to fight after this loss, eventually moving up to the heavyweight division.
During their time together the two elderly men mourned the loss of Arbuthnot and bemoaned the splits developing within the Tory party.
The song was inspired by Belli's loss to 7-year-old Eden Wood in a lip syncing contest during a segment of the 2012 NewNowNext Awards.
He lost the one-sided fight by unanimous decision, his first professional loss.
Problems with binding and complaints from church leaders about the loss of some gospel songs led to the Church Music Committee issuing a slightly revised version in 1950.
This species is considered to be endangered due to loss of habitat as forests are cleared for agriculture.
Schumacher became a first team regular in the first two months at Crewe Alexandra until he suffered a hamstring injury that kept him out for three months It wasn't until on 19 January 2008 when Schumacher made his first team return from injury, starting the whole game, in a 1–0 loss against Carlisle United.
Lucas would continue his superb work in the playoffs, recording two interceptions in three games, although he ended that season with a loss in the NFC Championship against his old team, the eventual 2005 NFC Champion Seattle Seahawks.
NCCI also computes the experience modification factors used in most states to adjust employers' Workers Compensation insurance premiums, using loss and payroll data reported by the various member insurance companies that are part of NCCI.
Proponents argue that traditional interventions focused on weight loss, such as dieting, do not reliably produce positive health outcomes, and that health is a result of lifestyle behaviors that can be performed independently of body weight.
Meanwhile, John struggled to cope with Marilyn's memory loss, but he refused to give in and he asked Marilyn out on a date.
Although physical activity is less important for weight loss than dietary adaptations (to reduce caloric intake), the NICE advises physical activity to reduce liver fat even if there is no overall bodyweight reduction.
On November 25, 1971, Nebraska edged Oklahoma, 35–31 in the Game of the Century what was to be the only loss of the season for Oklahoma.
2 Ohio State, avenging the previous season's home loss.
On April 16, 2010, Thompson faced former WBA world heavyweight title challenger Owen Beck, who was coming off of a 10th-round TKO loss to then-unbeaten Manuel Charr.
More than two years later, on November 22, 1996, Jones scored his most significant victory by handing then-undefeated Marco Antonio Barrera his first loss to win the WBO super bantamweight title, thus becoming a two-weight world champion.
Like most seminary students, Khurasani lived a humble life, and he had to bear loss of loved ones.
Weight loss maintenance is one of the most difficult aspects of obesity treatment and so this effect is promising.
Shortly after the loss to Marquez, Austin was accused, and later acquitted, of raping a 16-year-old girl.
Antonio Pittman scored a touchdown for the ninth game in a row and Ohio State won its eleventh straight, which, with TCU’s loss to BYU on September 28, becomes the longest active win streak in Division I-A.
Washington won by a narrow unanimous decision, a loss which May avenged in 1999 via a 9th round technical decision after Washington lost his title.
In Hungary Kovács was considered a national hero, and his loss was considered by many to be a national tragedy.
He came fifth in that electorate, with 1.27% of the vote, a loss of 0.18 percentage points from the previous election.
He made another substitute appearance against Qadsia SC, coming on in the 71st minute of a 1–0 loss.
Factors leading to suicide included "high costs of BT cotton" and "ecological disruption and crop loss after the introduction of Bt cotton."
The plans are controversial because they would mean the loss of the minimalist appearance of the building, the clarity of the layout and public spaces in the building.
Jackie's memory seems to be returning, as she has discovered the province where she and Eli stayed during her memory loss.
Some fans managed to control games in TCM 2003 by hacking the configuration files, but data loss and corruption was frequent.
This was followed by a loss to Kobayashi and Saito in a rematch.
The sensorineural hearing loss occurs in 75%, and tends to be progressive leading to deafness in 20% of cases.
A bonus point will be awarded to the losing side if the loss is by 7 points or less.
Busch's contract included a signing fee of £1,000 and match payments of £7 for a win, £6 for  a draw and £5 for a loss.
At that location, there was over $100,000 in road damage and beach loss.
Historian Howard Coffin claimed that the state's most important contribution to the war was at the Battle of the Wilderness where the Vermont Brigade held the crucial intersection of two roads, the loss of which would have split the Union forces in half.
PARANA performs parsimony based inference of ancestral biological networks that represent gene loss and duplication.
Missions were put on hold again after the loss of Columbia in 2003.
He made his debut for Aston Villa on 27 August 2016 in a 3–1 loss to Bristol City.
On 24 January 2016, Kone almost 4 months since his last appearance with the club in Serie A, played again as a substitute for Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu in a 4–1 away loss against Palermo.
Occupational hearing loss is the most common occupational illness in the manufacturing sector.
The squad completely thrashed Krystal 5:0 and then seven games in a row went without a loss, stumbled two times in a row, and confidently finished the end of season.
He is often at a loss to deal with their play and their reactions to his coaching.
When Danny White took over the team for the third replacement game against the Washington Redskins, the crowd started chanting "We Want Sweeney, We Want Sweeney" when the team didn't perform well in the eventual 13-7 loss.
In Week 5, he made a season-high four pass deflections and seven solo tackles in a 30–27 loss at the Indianapolis Colts.
The Collinsville mine disaster was the largest loss of life in a Queensland mine since the Mount Mulligan mine disaster in 1921.
Priestley uses the idea to show how human beings experience loss, failure and the death of their dreams but also how, if they could experience reality in its transcendent nature, they might find a way out.
Loss of a grandchild can be extremely difficult for a grandparent, but the grandparent's grief is often disenfranchised because they are not part of the immediate family.
It is unclear whether loss of habitat is adversely affecting M. marchei populations, but being an endemic species that only habitat two islands, its conservation is definitely a concern.
Most cancers, if not all, could cause chromosome abnormalities, with either the formation of hybrid genes and fusion proteins, deregulation  of genes and overexpression of proteins, or loss of tumor suppressor genes (see the "Mitelman Database"  and the Atlas of Genetics and Cytogenetics in Oncology and Haematology,).
Arista Records decided to stand by their contract with the band and back another album, despite the loss of Koppes, and so Kilbey and Willson-Piper began writing new material.
T cell activation induces RANKL expression and can lead to an increase of osteoclastogenesis and bone loss.
The scaling down of operations resulted in the loss of employment for some workers.
The two squared off again in Game 5 on October 21, in which Lincecum gave up three runs (two earned) over seven innings but suffered the loss in the 4–2 defeat.
Sandell made his Newport debut the following day in a 2–0 loss against Luton Town.
After scoring on his League of Ireland debut on 19 September 1999 in a 3–1 loss to Shamrock Rovers , Crowe ended up as top scorer for Bohemians in his first season with 9 league goals.
He made his debut for Bournemouth in a 3–1 away loss at Northampton Town, and played in a further five games as Bournemouth narrowly avoided relegation.
Bradford were reluctant to join but had large debts and faced the loss of lucrative fixtures against local rivals.
He debuted for Australia in the 2007 Baseball World Cup and went 0–1 and 1.64 ERA for the tournament, his only loss coming against the Japan when Tadashi Settsu threw a shutout against Australia in the quarter-final, with Australia finishing 5th.
While the loss of furnace traffic would ultimately prove fatal to the Central RR of PA, the Bellefonte Central had found new sources of revenue.
The film ends with the small group mourning the loss of Xiao Yun together.
The crash was a result of the incapacitation of the crew due to hypoxia, caused by a loss of air pressure in the aircraft.
In the 2014 World Cup, Pepe received a red card in the first half of Portugal's opening match against eventual champions Germany, for headbutting Thomas Müller late into the first half of an eventual 0–4 loss.
On 4 November 2001 he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, playing the second half of a 0–1 home loss against Real Zaragoza and finishing the season with 17 games and five goals.
He won three straight fights before suffering an upset loss against Robinson Castellanos.
Rubio almost recorded his second career triple-double in a loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on March 30 with 23 points, 10 rebounds and 9 assists.
He made his senior debut in a 2–1 loss to Shamrock Rovers on the 23rd of April 2004, which also proved to be his only senior appearance for the club.
The loss of technology leads to a shift towards an oral tradition and the creation and use of Teaching Songs.
A Sharkies legend, Rick Bourke played 10 seasons for Cronulla at wing and fullback including scoring their only try in the 10-7 1973 Grand Final loss to a Bob Fulton inspired Manly-Warringah at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
In his senior year, he gained 1041 yards rushing and scored 10 TDs rushing as he led Riordan to an 8 win and 2 loss season.
The worst loss was to division rivals, the Cork Admirals, who beat Tallaght 98–0.
For the USAF, the loss at Phou Pha Thi was not a result of intelligence failure, because it had been provided with accurate information from the very start.
To this day, it has been agreed that the withdrawal and the covert evacuation of Europeans led to the loss of the British sense of invincibility, and that "the moral collapse of British rule in Southeast Asia came not in Singapore, but in Penang".
Eyes evolved exclusively in epifaunal lineages, and have been lost in some lineages that adopted infaunal and semi-infaunal lifestyles, suggesting a correlation between eye loss and adoption of infaunal or semi-infaunal lifestyles.
At the same gathering, he spoke of "the deadly idiocies of the victors of 1918", which led to a loss of a German national identity, and to the collapse of the Weimar Republic as Germans, confronted with the crises of modernity without a positive national identity, opted for the Nazi solution.
The eruption of Laki in 1783 caused much devastation and loss of life, leading to a famine that killed about 25% of the island's population and resulted in a drop in global temperatures, as sulfur dioxide was spewed into the Northern Hemisphere.
Curves fitness and weight loss facilities are designed specifically for and focused on women, although in some states, men are allowed to join.
Critical Aspects of Safety and Loss Prevention (1990) Butterworths ;
The substitutions in HAR2 may have resulted in loss of binding sites for a repressor, possibly due to biased gene conversion.
This was the first loss against Australia since 2015, and the first time since 2011 that the All Blacks had lost multiple test matches.
Colorado Rockies 9, Atlanta Braves 8: This loss, combined with the Phillies' win, mathematically eliminates the Braves from the NL wild card race.
On 11 January 2020, he scored in a 3–1 home loss against his old club, Xanthi.
With the loss of Sawchuk in the 1967 NHL expansion draft, Gamble saw more action with the Leafs and established himself as a solid, workhorse goalie.
During the time this album was released, Joey voice was already starting to become strained, leading to the infamous voice loss incident that started later on that year.
The three battalions arrived in the enemy trenches all together and with little loss, resulting in a decisive victory for the British.
He was the first All Black prop to score a test try against Australia in 20 years, when he scored the first try of his international career on 30 June 2007 against Australia in a 15–20 loss and another try against Australia the following week, when the All Blacks won 26–12.
He scored his second League Cup goal of the season on 22 September 2010, in a 2–1 loss against Wigan Athletic, eliminating Preston North End from the League Cup.
Milsom made his first appearance for the club in the Championship, where he came on as substitute in the second half, in a 3–0 loss against Reading.
He made his UEFA Champions League debut on 27 November 2007, in a 1–2 group stage loss at Manchester United.
The inactive Tubbs won in a mild upset, giving Minto his first professional loss.
This was the opportunity that German strategy had been seeking, to even the odds; the ten British capital ships would have been outnumbered and outgunned; their loss would have ended the British numerical advantage.
An important special cargo function involved mail in which the POE was required to ensure all mail sacks were properly labeled, met the earliest sailing date and were distributed in such a way that loss of one ship would not destroy all mail destined for a unit.
Three days later, Holroyd scored in a 2–1 home loss to Torquay United.
The ringside physician intervened and referee Al Wichgers called a halt to the fight at the 2:35 of Round 1, handing Corbett a TKO loss and eliminating him from the tournament.
For type 2 diabetics, the focus of a vegetarian or vegan diet should be maintaining a level of caloric intake that results in fat loss, adequate protein consumption, adequate consumption of compounds that are most bio-available in animal products (i.e.
Seeking to limit the loss of open space, Governor Michael Castle began the purchase of 321 acres of the land which would connect Walter Carpenter State Park and the White Clay Creek Preserve to the Middle Run Valley Natural Area, a county-run park.
In mid-2008, Cable re-released the Variable Speed Drive record on Translation Loss Records.
The immediate toll of such integration was a relative loss in industrial importance for Jászberény and Kunszentmárton, which were overtaken by Szolnok and a cluster of towns in Tiszazug.
After the World Cup, Matmour didn't make another Algeria appearance until on 4 June 2011, where he started and played 45 minutes before coming off as substitute at half time, in a 4–0 loss against Morocco.
A fierce day-long battle resulted in the mounted troops (fighting dismounted) capturing the town around nightfall with the loss of 71 killed and 415 wounded.
Possibility of loss close: also known as the pressure close, in which the salesperson points out that failing to close could result in missed opportunity, for example because a product may sell out or its price rise.
The pre-eminent threats to the Asian elephant today are habitat loss, degradation, and fragmentation, which are driven by an expanding human population, and lead in turn to increasing conflicts between humans and elephants when elephants eat or trample crops.
Upon the accession to power of dictator Anastasio Somoza García, Pallais initially supported him, then had a major falling out which resulted in the loss of all his privileges.
Gene loss could thus be a common mechanism of evolutionary adaptation (the "less-is-more" hypothesis).
Its loss at Gettysburg was 113 killed, wounded and missing.
Phillips ended up losing the bout the after his cornerman, Trevor Wittman, stopped the fight at the end of the eighth round, resulting in only the second loss via TKO in his career.
Bitter at the loss of his legs, Samson Teacher accepts, becoming Satan Cross.
It turned out that the Balmain loss would make the difference, with South Sydney finishing just one point ahead of Newtown at the end of the season to claim their third premiership.
Despite the loss of their own comrades and near-and-dear ones, the 'air warriors' helped save thousands of lives.
Williams became professional in 1989 and fell short in his first shot at a major championship title, a 1994 split-decision loss to Orlin Norris for the World Boxing Association Cruiserweight Title.
The development was rather controversial, with neighbouring municipalities opposing the size and scope of the project, fearing a loss of sales to businesses in their city centers.
He continued to fight sparingly after the loss to Hopkins, and in 2005 lost an IBF Light Middleweight Title Eliminator bout against Roman Karmazin in a close majority decision.
The Ordinary Section continued the work of the Administration of the Property of the Holy See, a commission that Pope Leo XIII set up in 1880, initially as an advisory body, and to which in 1891 he gave direct responsibility for administering the property remaining to the Holy See after the complete loss of the Papal States in 1870.
A win is 1, a draw is , and a loss is 0.
Purchasing decisions are generally a function of loss valuations expressed in currency per kilowatt.
His second goal of the season came on 23 September 2007, in a 3–2 loss against Ajax.
Each of these expansions of farming and herding peoples displaced earlier populations of hunter-gatherers, who would have generally been at a demographic and technological disadvantage, and vulnerable to the loss of environment resources (i.e., foraging areas and habitats for game) as a result of the spread of farmland and pastures.
He would struggle with injuries during his first period at the club, as they suffered relegation to the Hoofdklasse in May 2014 after a 2–4 home loss to IJsselmeervogels.
After many fights in his native South Africa, and a further KO loss to Roy Jones, Jr. in the U.S., he landed another shot at the title in March 1996 against Benn, who was now the WBC super middleweight champion.
Three bombers were downed and three CR.42s destroyed with four damaged, with no loss to the Hurricanes.
Loss of accreditation, 2005
He kicked four goals in the narrow loss to Richmond near the end of the 2005 season and earlier that year had his statistically most productive match with 19 disposals in Hawthorn's comprehensive win over Brisbane.
Anderlecht, in honor of the Belgian legend Paul Van Himst in an 8-3 loss.
These plans did not include the air guardsmen affected by the loss of their jobs.
In relation to bone, he studied skeletal development, bone mineral loss, odontogenesis and dysmorphogenesis.
The loss was published in popular sport newspapers in Italy such as la Gazzetta dello Sport, which is one of the largest selling newspapers in Italy.
The original description is in terms of differential forms, but for the present article that is replaced by the more familiar language of tensors (risking loss of accuracy).
However, it was a commercial failure and Babu had to incur a loss of 0.6 million.
She sank off Saltwick Nab near Whitby with the loss of her second mate and a fireman (stoker).
On 14 July 2020, following Canterbury's Round 9 loss to the Brisbane Broncos, Georgallis was named as the club's interim head coach for the remainder of the 2020 NRL season, following Dean Pay's resignation.
The loss of significant buildings was not uncommon in Fort-de-France, as devastating natural disasters frequently plagued the region.
As the PAVN moved to reoccupy the strongpoints at dawn they were caught in the open by the Marines, 16 PAVN were killed for the loss of three Marines.
Miller caught a 70-yard touchdown pass and returned 6 kickoffs for a school-record 126 yards in Tennessee's loss to Alabama.
In total record was 17–1, their only loss coming against Hamilton West Side LL (from Ohio).
| 2011-05-27|| Loss ||align=left| John Wayne Parr || Payback Time: "The Decider" || Melbourne, Australia || TKO (Referee Stoppage) || 1 ||
He boxed professionally between 2008 and 2009, acquiring a record of five wins and one loss.
Shortly after midnight, two mines detonated beneath Abdiel and the minelayer sank in three minutes, with great loss of life among both sailors and soldiers.
After the loss, Johnston was inactive for more than two years due to injuries suffered in a car accident later that year.
In its original form the theory more specifically stated that diabetes may be due to a rapid insulin response which would prevent loss of glucose from the urine.
Finally, on 2 September 2011, Amorebieta made his senior debut in a friendly with Argentina, a 1–0 loss in Kolkata.
In the aftermath of the Peach Bowl loss, head coach Larry Coker fired four assistants: Werner, Kehoe, running backs coach Don Soldinger, and linebacker coach Vernon Hargreaves.
1955 – A year after suffering a 50–0 blowout loss to Nebraska in Honolulu, the Rainbows go up to Lincoln the following season and upset the Huskers 6–0.
| 2009-11-20 || Loss ||align=left| Marcus Öberg || K-1 Rumble of the Kings 2009 in Stockholm || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
| 2011-11-18 || Loss ||align=left| Randy Blake || Xtreme Fight Night 5 || Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA || KO (left high kick) || 1 || || 17-8
He then netted a 'majestic' 35-yard chip in a 2–0 victory at Southampton, before scoring his fifth of the season in the 4–2 home loss against Doncaster Rovers, a result which cost the Forest manager Colin Calderwood his job.
The charming prose captures the experience of the common private soldier, from the hardships of camp life to the horrors of battle, the camaraderie of a unit to the loss of a brother, the pride in one's state to the devastation of defeat.
The Allen Administration's welfare reform law also addressed concerns over single-parent recipients of welfare requiring mothers to name the child's father and provide three additional pieces of information to help locate the non-custodial parent or face loss of all TANF benefits.
After the loss, he dropped down in weight and took on WBC middleweight  champion, Keith Holmes, winning a decision, although he was dropped in the ninth round.
In the rematch, "the doctos" were nearly eliminated of the tournament, after of loss 3–1 at Santiago.
Stage 3 hallux rigidus often involves significant cartilage loss and may be treated by an osteotomy in which cartilage on the first metatarsal head is repositioned, possibly coupled with a hemi-implant in which the base of the proximal phalanx (base of the big toe) is resurfaced.
He debuted with the Red Sox on May 25, , starting the second game of a doubleheader with the Minnesota Twins, as he pitched 2.1 innings to take the loss.
The advantages for lenders can be higher returns than obtainable from a savings account or other investments, but subject to risk of loss, unlike a savings account.
After Othello rages over the loss of the handkerchief, Emilia attempts to comfort Desdemona.
According to testimony, following the gunshot, Wilson would immediately have lost all feeling below the wound and died shortly thereafter from trauma to the aorta and severe loss of blood.
Torpedoed and sunk in the Indian Ocean by  on 2 November 1944 with the loss of ten of her 60 crew.
With Treviso, he received his first ever red card during the match against his next club, Lazio, on 18 September 2005 in an eventual 3–1 away loss.
The team played in the 2008 VIVA World Cup for the first time, finishing in the 4th place after a 3–1 loss to Sápmi.
Born in Logroño, La Rioja, but nonetheless a product of Athletic Bilbao's famed youth academy at Lezama, Aranzubia made his first-team debut on 10 June 2001 in a 1–3 home derby loss against Real Sociedad.
Patients will have a loss of appetite, appear tired and weak, and exhibit rapid breathing and a rapid heart rate.
In 1859, with the loss of papal power in Romagna, Alfonsine was annexed to the Kingdom of Sardinia, which in 1861 became the Kingdom of Italy.
Perhaps too intelligent for its target audience – its disappearance was a great loss to the comic.
Duplitized film of any kind was not suitable for ordinary camera use, due to the loss of image quality that would result from the light becoming diffused as it passed through the several layers, but with X-ray shadows that was not a problem.
Respite programs provide planned short-term and time-limited breaks for families and other unpaid caregivers of children with a developmental delay or behavioral problems, and adults with an intellectual disability or cognitive loss in order to support and maintain the primary caregiving relationship.
He has left behind him an amiable and disconsolate widow and a family of seven children, most of whom are yet too young to feel the irreparable loss which they have sustained".
He improved his record to 25 wins, one loss and one draw when he beat Job Sisanga on points over eight rounds.
He started his professional career in 1994–95, and made his first division debut as a second-half substitute in the club's 0–1 loss at Eintracht Frankfurt, on 7 October 1994.
Surgery may be useful when a herniated disc is causing significant pain radiating into the leg, significant leg weakness, bladder problems, or loss of bowel control.
After nights of partying she was not able to properly work out, and decided it was best to sacrifice all that for her overall weight loss goals.
The aircraft was damaged beyond repair and written off, making the accident the second hull loss of a CRJ-100.
Laboratory often find hypochloremic, hypokalemic, and alkalotic due to loss of hydrogen chloride and potassium.
A week later, Horwood started in the left–back position for the Football League Trophy Final, in a 4–1 loss against Southampton.
Chris hopes Kelly will forgive him for the loss of her leg in the accident and that one day he will find the courage to talk to her again.
On 28 November 2016, Dragić recorded season highs of 27 points and 17 assists in a 112–104 loss to the Boston Celtics.
The details of the model were then painted onto this layer of paint, resulting in a loss of the finer sculpting detail due to the thickness of the paint on each finished model.
Connor attributed his loss by 7,982 votes to a 10,000-strong “Negro bloc vote”; and in fact Fred Shuttlesworth had delayed mass demonstrations of the "Birmingham Campaign" until after the election.
That day, quick action by one of Tappahannock'''s men averted possible tragedy and loss of life.Tappahannock supported TG 73.5 on "Market Time" interdiction operations off the South Vietnamese Coast during most of her third deployment.
Done made his Rochdale debut on 10 August 2010 in the first round of League Cup, in a 1–0 loss against Barnsley.
Since he is at a loss to explain the whereabouts of the ship, Steckler is teamed up with Naval Intelligence operative Ensign Benson, who happens to be an attractive woman.
A growing number of public figures have disclosed their personal experiences of pregnancy loss and infant death including Nicole Kidman, Whitney Huston, Gweneth Paltrow, Ali Wong, Michelle Obama, Chrissy Tiegan, John Legend, Meghan Duchess of Sussex and Mark Zuckerberg.
In 2017, Nova Scotia began to observe the holiday on October 15, as Pregnancy and Infant Loss Awareness Day, via Bill 38.
Now comes Raja (Suriya), a rich client of June's advertising agency falls in love with her who consoles her on this uncompensable loss and takes her along with him, just the way her mother Rajalakshmi wished.
Saddened by the loss of the plane, Tom Harrisson took part in the first successful ascent of the female peak, with Lejau Unad Doolinih and five other Kelabits in 1946.
He was so expeditious that with little or no loss of men, he found the Sangleys fortified in San Pablo and Batangas, and, after fighting with them, killed and destroyed them all.
He made his official debut two days later, starting in a 1–3 away loss against his first professional club Real Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Copa del Rey.
Her twin brother, David, had normal vision at birth but some hearing loss.
Nationalistic movements with significant support appeared in some parts of Spain – especially in the Basque Country and Catalonia – later in the 19th century, coinciding with the loss of the last parts of the Spanish Empire, the abolition of privileges, and some regions having advanced more than others in industrial development.
On 16 August, Begović made his first competitive start for Chelsea in a 3–0 away loss to Manchester City.
Much later in Eternal Lovers, following a devastating loss to the Val Fasq, the two fear that Takuto will be severely disciplined for his failure.
This account refers to the loss of Ellac and other chieftains, the Battle of Nedao was fought only few years before, and they withdrawn from the Danube, now occupied by former Germanic subjects.
Ersen received his first cap for the Turkish national team on 18 August 2004, in a 1–2 friendly home loss to Belarus.
20 February – World War II: destroyer HMS Warwick (1917) is torpedoed by German submarine U-413 off Trevose Head, Cornwall, sinking in 6 minutes with the loss of 66 men, over half her crew.
It took Foligno 23 games, but he scored his first career OHL goal on November 20, 2004, beating Kitchener Rangers goaltender Dan Turple in a 6–3 loss.
One of the most frequent genetic abnormalities that occur in advanced colorectal cancer is loss of heterozygosity (LOH) of DCC in region 18q21.DCC in a receptor for netrin-1 and is currently believed by some to be a conditional tumour suppressor gene, meaning that it normally prevents cell growth when in the absence of netrin-1.
The Bulls ended the 2016 season tied with Temple for 1st place in the East division, but because of a Week 8 loss to the Owls, USF did not play in the American Athletic Conference Championship Game.
Produce a Global Wildlife Law Enforcement Governance Map depicting the illegal extractions at the range state and, seizures at the destination country with indicators identifying the actions taken by parties to the CITES convention in reducing the loss.
He retired after a loss two years later having competed in 25 professional bouts.
In July 2007 Koren suffered a freak accident in training when a ball hit him in the eye, causing internal bleeding and temporary loss of vision.
Herodotus also mentions that the loss of daylight had been predicted by Thales of Miletus.
Cartaginés, and subsequently joined Spanish club Albacete Balompié, quickly becoming an idol as the Castile-La Mancha side reached La Liga for the first time ever in 1991; he made his debut in the competition on 1 September 1991 in a 2–0 away loss against CA Osasuna, and finished the season with 33 appearances for a final seventh place.
Columbia had its name moved to the forward fuselage to match the other flight vehicles after STS-61-C, during the 1986–1988 hiatus when the shuttle fleet was grounded following the loss of Challenger, but retained its original wing markings until its last overhaul (after STS-93), and its unique black chines for the remainder of its operational life.
A couple of days following his first stoppage loss, Guerrero announced his retirement from professional boxing after 16 years.
Threats to the white-eared honeyeater include habitat degradation, fire and loss of understory.
On 25 November 1964, he scored his second Northern Ireland goal in the loss to Scotland in the British Home Championship.
A second prevention approach may be weight loss for those who are overweight or obese.
As osteoclasts break down bone, patients see a loss of bone mineral density.
His debut came on 23 February 1969 in a 1–2 loss against Belgium for the 1970 FIFA World Cup qualification, as the country did not make it to the final stages.
As a senior, Hunter had 101 tackles (51 solo) 24.5 tackles for loss and 13 sacks in 15 starts.
The concrete autoencoder uses a continuous relaxation of the categorical distribution to allow gradients to pass through the feature selector layer, which makes it possible to use standard backpropagation to learn an optimal subset of input features that minimize reconstruction loss.
During the Gulf War, the city was the scene of the largest loss of life among coalition forces.
The driving force for the loss of the carboxyl linked to the C6 of the pyrimidine ring comes from the close proximity of an aspartate residue carboxyl group in the enzyme's active site, which destabilizes the ground state relative to the transition state of the uncatalyzed reaction.
Before Black's departure, Brent Scott asked him to create two new BDSM themed web sites, named Hardtied and Infernal Restraints, so Scott would have an avenue to continue to produce and sell content for the web without fearing interference from the government or the loss of credit card processing.
After a loss against Franky The Mobster in September 2011, Amin defeated Jason Starr, Shayne Hawke, HC Ryder and then HC Ryder & Chris Cruze in a tag-team match where he teamed up with Hawke.
Lin et al., conducted an experiment in Taiwan that tested the effect of generation of reactive oxygen species on temporary threshold shift and noise-induced hearing loss.
1994 was another memorable season for the Rebels, as wide receiver Randy Gatewood set two single-game receiving records in a 38–48 loss to Idaho on September 17.
The competition was hindered by poor weather and disappointing crowds and made a loss for its investors.
Glennon started the first two games of the Hokies' 2008 season: a loss to the East Carolina Pirates and a victory over the Furman Paladins.
While it has demonstrated some tolerance of man-made forest clearings, too much loss of lowland tropical forests could negatively impact its survival.
Jenny is upset when Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) tells her that Rita has been suffering from memory loss.
This was the first Hercules hull loss related to the war in Southeast Asia.
The last U.S. military C-130 loss was the 314th Tactical Airlift Wing C-130E 72-1297, c/n 4519, hit by advancing NVA rocket fire on April 28, 1975, forcing Tan Son Nhut Air Base to be closed to fixed wing evacuation of the collapsing South Vietnamese capital of Saigon.
But the German Army could not accept the loss of an important railway junction and brought up fresh reserves.
In round 1, Boyd made his NRL debut for the Broncos, against the North Queensland Cowboys, scoring a try on debut in the Broncos 36–4 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Symptoms include enlargement of abdomen, bursa, weight loss, weakness and emaciation, and depression.
There are those who opine that the loss was a foreseeable consequence of design and production failures.
Often the durable goods are offered at a low price (or even below marginal cost) in order to attract new customers amid competitive primary markets and the loss from the primary market will be rebated by the profits from consumables in aftermarket.
British sources incorrectly claimed that the ship was sunk with great loss of life.
But the advertisements also greatly increased the anger of the strikers, who now faced permanent loss of their jobs.
The garden also contains a Begonia Species Bank, established and operated to prevent the loss of begonia species, it is the largest begonia collection in the United States.
If the bootstrap distribution of an estimator is symmetric, then percentile confidence-interval are often used; such intervals are appropriate especially for median-unbiased estimators of minimum risk (with respect to an absolute loss function).
The following game, Farmer missed a potentially game-winning  jump shot at the buzzer in a 68–67 loss at Mississippi State to end the Wildcats' regular season.
Still, the movie suffered an eventual loss of $236,000 at the box office.
With the loss, the Dolphins were 0–2.
Until the 1980s, it had been thought impossible to resuscitate victims whose heart stopped because of blood loss, resulting in these victims being declared dead when cardiac resuscitation failed.
If not prevented, hearing loss can be managed through assistive devices and communication strategies.
NIOSH used DALYs to estimate the impact of hearing loss on quality of life in the CDC Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report article "Hearing Impairment Among Noise-Exposed Workers in the United States, 2003-2012."
Occupational hearing loss is one of the most common occupational diseases.
However the neuron connection can be repaired, and the hearing loss only caused by the "wiring" (i.e.
Programs that increased the proportion of workers wearing hearing protection equipment did reduce overall hearing loss.
The review pertained to adults who experienced sensorineural hearing loss, which can be caused by excessive, loud noise.
The prevalence of hearing loss in the Medical Laboratories subsector was 31% and in the Offices of All Other Miscellaneous Health Practitioners subsector was 24%.
| 2001-12-15 || Loss ||align=left| Cung Le || Strikeforce || San Jose, California, USA || Decision (unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
Section 3 effectively reversed the House of Lords decision in Barker by making all tortfeasors jointly and severally liable for the mesothelioma so that a claimant can recover compensatory damages for their full loss from any individual tortfeasor that materially increased the risk of mesothelioma.
His first match in charge was a league game at home to Royal Excel Mouscron on 24 November 2018, which ended in a 1–2 loss.
He like many of the other characters has severe memory loss through butterfly addiction.
A record turnover of €185 million was offset by an average loss of €1.5 million, which meant a new negative record.
Sullivan had acted as a second to McClosky in his recent loss to Hyer, and had hoped to avenge McClosky by defeating Hyer.
Above all, Wei Di, the chief of the Chinese Football Association, stressed that, "Anytime, no matter win or loss, they must show their team spirit and courage.
The resulting blood loss soon renders him unconscious, but not before he calls an ambulance and tries to get a chisel from the cellar to demarcate the incident as accidental.
The team was shut out at home for only the second time in the franchise's history, the first one being a 17–0 loss to the division rival Denver Broncos on October 4, 1981.
Some of causes to Oakland's loss came from five turnovers (two interceptions and three lost fumbles), continuous penalty problems (6 penalties for 45 yards), and a year-long lack of offense.
Owing to the late arrival of most of the class, they were unable to have much impact in service, only destroying two German submarines  and  for the loss of four of their own number.
25 Creighton were highlights, but injuries and a thin roster saw the Hoyas lose their final 7 games, including a 62-75 loss in the opening round of the 2020 Big East Tournament to St. John's.
Welding helmets can also prevent retina burns, which can lead to a loss of vision.
Most unlikely of all is injury causing a complete and permanent loss of vision.
The Ivankiv Historical and Local History Museum was reportedly destroyed during the Battle of Ivankiv, a military engagement in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, leading to the loss of over twenty works by the artist Maria Prymachenko.
With the loss, the Redskins dropped to 0–2.
With the loss, the Redskins ended their season at 5–11.
With the loss, not only did the Vikings fall to 6–9, but they also got eliminated from the NFC playoff race.
 The loss of HMAS Yarra, 4 March 1942 Australian War Memorial
Some captives purchase excess of loss reinsurance and offer coverage to third parties, sometimes to leverage their skills and sometimes for tax reasons.
To add to the loss, the Eagles lost Jevon Kearse for the remainder of the season with a knee injury.
The loss made the team drop to 2–6 for the season and 0–4 against NFC opponents for the first time in franchise history.
With the loss, Seattle fell to 8–5.
Hoping to shake off their home loss to 49ers, the Lions traveled to the University of Phoenix Stadium for a match-up with the Arizona Cardinals.
Despite the loss the previous week, the Saints could clinch a first-round bye with a win and help.
With the second loss in a row at their home stadium, the Browns fell to 3–8.
With the loss, the Panthers started out their season 0–1.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 0–2.
After a Thursday night loss at Cincinnati, the Ravens got an extra 3 days of rest before they traveled to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, beating the Chiefs 20–10.
With the loss, the Buccaneers fell to 3–10.
With the loss, the Rams fell to 4–5.
The ban was lifted in mid September 2012 and Venkov made his official debut on 22 September, in the 0–1 away loss against Ludogorets Razgrad.
However, four Chargers turnovers, three of which were converted into Patriots scoring drives, helped lead to a Chargers loss.
The Dolphins ran the clock out for their third win of the season, and Kansas City's first loss in three games as the team fell to 5–4.
In his playoff debut, he scored 24 points in a Game 1 loss against the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Cowboys bounced back from a painful loss by beating the Cardinals, who came into the game with the league's worst record at 1–7.
With the loss, the Jaguars fell to 8–7.
With the loss, the Packers went into their bye week at 1–4.
With their second-straight loss, the 49ers fell to 5–7.
The discovery of the great cemetery of Giubiasco in 1900, led to uncontrolled treasure hunting and the loss of many objects.
As a consequence, the Colts fell to 10–3, losing first place in the AFC, while the Jaguars improved to 8–5, with the embarrassing loss.
They are believed to be declining due to loss and degradation of the forest.
This produces a sudden loss in mechanical integrity due to the thin liquid film that separates the grains.
Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat is an album by the band Carbon Leaf on the Vanguard Records label.
In Indonesia, this species is frequently consumed as bushmeat, with concerns that the population loss might not be sustainable.
Hooper scored in Celtic's 4–2 loss to rivals Rangers on 18 September 2011.
In the first match, Sthalekar made 65 as Australia amassed 9/260 but her bowling was attacked by New Zealand, who took 41 runs without loss from her four overs en route to a six-wicket win.
He started in Algeria's first game against Malawi, a 3–0 loss, but was subbed off in the 63rd minute by Abdelmalek Ziaya.
The estimated loss, calculated some months after the event, and taking account of foregone rents, was not less than £500,000.
As a senior, he registered 62 tackles, six sacks, four tackles for loss, five fumbles caused, four fumbles recovered and two pass defections.
Congenital (inherited) defects in protein C activity are autosomal dominant and may be partial or severe loss of function.
For these materials, the elastic modulus is complex and can be separated into two components: a storage modulus and a loss modulus.
Kendrick made his second debut for the club on 5 March 2010 in a 3–0 loss against UCD at United Park.
The loss of such a large proportion of his force placed Rowley at a significant disadvantage in September, as Hamelin's squadron, bolstered by the newly commissioned Iphigénie, now substantially outnumbered his own (the ruined Néréide was also attached to the French squadron, but the damage suffered was so severe that the ship never sailed again).
In 2016, Durkin coached the Terrapins to a 6–7 record including a bowl loss.
They began the season with a rivalry loss to Maryland, and then defeated LIU and won back the Black Diamond Trophy from Virginia Tech.
Their loss at Shi'b Jabala and the following confrontation with the Amir at Dhu Nuwas especially contributed to the Kinda's abandonment of the Najd and the Yamama and return to Hadramawt.
The chief concern is the loss of cricket grounds.
These behaviours can lead to loss of sobriety.
German sources only list the loss of 14 Ju 52s in aerial combat and 11 Ju 52s and Me 323s on the ground with 67 damaged.
The ship, however, was declared a loss as it could not be removed from the shallow reef.
Within a week they reached St. Augustine and informed the Spanish authorities about the loss of the 1715 treasure fleet.
Thresholds range between 50% and 95% of the vehicle's value, while "total loss states" leave the specifics to the insurer.
His only option was to persuade officers to be detailed from other assignments, which was not considered satisfactory by Myer or the officers themselves, who feared loss of promotion opportunities.
On February 7, 2010, Bethea started in Super Bowl XLIV and made four solo tackles during a 31–17 loss to the New Orleans Saints.
On October 22, 2015, Bethea made five combined tackles before exiting a 20-3 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in the third quarter with an injury.
It is thought that habitat loss, specifically the clearance of primary forest, may be a cause.
Jane Dawson suggests that the loss of national standing in the contest for dominance of Britain between England and France suffered by the Scots, may have led them to stress their religious achievements.
After his loss, he is constantly seen requesting Zenga for a starship so he could face Yohko again.
Antar had received his second yellow card of the third round against South Korea and therefore did not take part in Lebanon's 4–2 away loss against the UAE on 29 February 2012.
The ability for an electronic device to be able to reset itself in case of error or abnormal power loss is an important aspect of embedded system design and programming.
His second came in a 2–1 loss to Middlesbrough, and his third was a header against former club Brighton.
Gilbert's notes for the program, describe it as 'an emotional fantasy using subconsciously emotive scenes based on modern spiritual drift and identity loss, which is actually the present search for a spiritual force or a god'.
It used a modified engine from the Kawasaki ZX-9R, and was bored out by 2.2 mm resulting in bigger displacement, more low-RPM torque, and only a slight power loss of 4 bhp from the original ZX9.
An example of such involves a claim filed by Toshi Shimomaye, who was forced to sell several possessions to the highest bidder that resulted in a net loss of several hundred dollars.
Late in the fourth quarter the game was tied at 24–24 but the Cyclones ultimately suffered yet another bowl loss on a fourth-quarter field goal.
FC Oleksandriya played its first game of continental competition on 28 July 2016 in a home loss (0:3) to Hajduk Split.
Is San Diego not a good team?”), but they fell flat against the Patriots, themselves smarting from an ugly loss in Miami the week earlier.
De Homedes blamed the loss on the military governor of Tripoli, Gaspard de Vallier, and had him defrocked and imprisoned.
Due to the loss of these two facilities, the developers of the International Corporate Park have floated the idea that warehouses and corporate distribution centers would generate more profit than High Tech jobs, 3,500 homes, and town center, as originally planned.
"Themes of destruction and loss, hope and wonder, and the pressing state of an unstable world, are coded like enduring questions into the machinery of these extraordinary poems."
Kusunoki's success here made up for his loss two years earlier at the siege of Akasaka, where surrender was forced by the denial of water supplies.
A free transfer point was established between the two stations on May 28, 1959 to compensate for the loss of through Culver service via the Fourth Avenue Line.
When the other heroes arrived at their HQ and the battle was begun, Hazard feigned the loss of her dice and did not join in.
The nuclear testing caused hair to fall out and blood loss.
He missed out on the All-Ireland final loss to Laois.
Co. of Washington (2013), the company was alleged to have failed to comply with state law by not paying "diminished value," which is the loss in value suffered by certain insured vehicles even after they are repaired.
If one is in danger of losing a limb, mobility, eyesight, suffering the loss of some other function vital to one's future survival, or may be in danger of a new health problem developing that may ultimately shorten one's life, the situation is considered to be life-threatening.
The disadvantage is loss of queuing, and data cannot be sent on the control channel whilst it is in traffic mode.
After a 2–2 tie with Bakersfield Brigade in their opening fixture, the Rattlers went on to lose seven straight games, including a 5–0 hammering by Los Angeles Legends, a 4–2 loss to San Fernando Valley Quakes, and a 4–1 home defeat to Fresno Fuego.
He played in five matches for the club during his debut year, notably scoring in a 2–1 Campeonato Paulista away loss against Corinthians on 24 January 2004.
Desymmetrization in stereochemistry is the modification of a molecule that results in the loss of one or more symmetry elements.
All told, he walked two, allowed two home runs, two triples and uncorked a wild pitch for a total of six runs (3 earned) in picking up the loss.
The Irish were considered to be playoff contenders for the majority of the season despite a 20–19 early loss to the Georgia Bulldogs, who went on to win the SEC Championship.
98 Squadron to Mons; in a dogfight that resulted in the loss of ten British aircraft, Hardman sent two German Fokker D.VIIs down in flames.
For 1952, Graham began with no points in round 1 in Switzerland, 2nd in the Isle of Man TT though a missed gear change and subsequent loss of power undoubtedly robbed him of a win.
On 10 January 2010, Rémy converted Nice's only goal in their 2–1 loss to semi-professional club Stade Plabennécois in the Coupe de France.
Murphy had sued to recover income taxes that she paid on the compensatory damages for emotional distress and loss of reputation that she was awarded in an action against her former employer under whistle-blower statutes for reporting environmental hazards on her former employer's property to state authorities.
Lewis started the American's first World Cup game against the Czech Republic at left back, but lost that spot after their disappointing 3-0 loss.
 October 27, 1998, N454LJ was destroyed after loss of control during a landing roll and collision with a ground vehicle at the NASA Wallops Flight Facility, Wallops Island, Virginia.
He scored his first goal for the club on 9 March 2013, scoring an 81st minute consolation goal in his side's 4-1 loss against Barnechea.
On 10 October 2009, he made his debut for the national side in the 1:4 away loss to Cyprus, playing the full 90 minutes of the game.
He saw time in two other games in 1972 but did not play again until his last cap which came in the crushing 7-0 loss to Poland on March 26, 1972.
For this reason, a capacitor's loss tangent is sometimes stated as its dissipation factor, or the reciprocal of its quality factor Q, as follows
He entered the game in the seventh inning as a pinch hitter and hit a single in a 5–1 loss to the Milwaukee Braves.
Washington's loss of Philadelphia and inactivity brought criticism from Congress, who pressured him to attack the city.
CBS televised Major League Baseball from 1990 to 1993, so as a result the network was not without major sports coverage on Saturdays during the fall after the loss of college football.
The Narrow Sawfish is suspected to be locally extinct in the coastal waters of Vietnam due to commercial fishing (especially trawling), coastal development, and subsequent habitat loss.
Feigning anger at the loss of his "betrothed," he takes it and exits, musing on the deceitfulness of women.
Afterwards, Rush is shown blowing off the loss to a tabloid television reporter.
The rise of motor buses accelerated the loss of passenger business, and on 1 October 1951 the line closed between Balquhidder and Comrie.
Following the loss to Angle, Wolfe moved on to feuding with D'Angelo Dinero, who defeated him on 4 January 2010, three-hour, Monday night episode of Impact!.
 Cermets, which are essentially metal reinforced, glass ionomer cements, used to aid in restoring tooth loss as a result of decay or cavities to the tooth surfaces near the gingival margin, or the tooth roots, though cermets can be incorporated at other sites on various teeth, depending on the function required.
It can also induce a loss of cell polarity and epithelial-mesenchymal transition, leading to invasive and metastatic growth in mammary epithelial cells.
After suffering a big loss in the May 2013 elections, BJP elected DV Sadananda Gowda as the opposition leader of legislative council in Karnataka.
 (With Steven Barthelme) Double Down: Reflections on Gambling and Loss.
In long pipes, the loss in pressure (assuming the pipe is level) is proportional to the length of pipe involved.
First, select the desired pressure loss Δp / L, say 1 kg / m2 / s2 (0.12 in H2O per 100 ft) on the vertical axis (ordinate).
The South Sydney Rabbitohs suffered their worst defeat in the club's history with a humiliating 66-0 loss to the New Zealand Warriors.
The ship was beached and declared a total constructive loss.
The convictions, eight days before the November 2008 election, resulted in his narrow loss, after 40 years in the U.S. Senate, to Democrat Mark Begich.
Following the 2006 NRL Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos, Hoffman sat in the middle of Telstra Stadium in tears, an image which was printed in newspapers all around Australia.
Note that in the example shown, the histidine conjugate acid acts as a general acid catalyst for the subsequent loss of the amine from a tetrahedral intermediate.
Declassified CIA intelligence documents stated that "India intended to dismember Pakistan and destroy its armed forces, a possible loss of U.S. ally in the Cold war that the United States cannot afford to lose."
The amount credited to the lines did not cover the cost of running trains, and the more traffic the larger the loss.
He also played an unofficial match, a 6-0 loss to Belgium, on March 29.
The impairment of his visual cortex, due to the loss of his vision at a very early age, resulted in visual cortex cells that are not used to the stimuli in his surroundings.
Arizona was handed their first loss of the season by the 2–2 St. Louis Rams, by a final score of 17–3.
Even after the loss of the Tag Titles, Gage and his brother would continue to feud with The Tough Crazy Bastards.
Loss of these cacti would have a major environmental and economical impact on the country.
Zoe's influence on her clients was discussed in the media, with speculation that she was responsible for Richie's widely-reported weight loss and more generally setting a trend for 'size zero' bodies.
Ramón scored the only goal of the game in a 1-0 loss.
Most stores had to be completely gutted and all inventory declared a loss.
Serious bodily injury includes unconsciousness, protracted or obvious physical disfigurement, or protracted loss of or impairment to the function of a bodily member, organ, or the mental faculty.
If drought continues, the plant tissues will dehydrate, resulting in a loss of turgor pressure that is visible as wilting.
After a loss of 50% of takehome income, the suggested expenditure on rent also decreases 50%.
The next match was a narrow 1–0 loss to England, and then an exciting 3–3 draw to Scotland, after being down 3–0 with 25 minutes left.
It was also the worst peacetime loss of life suffered by the division since the end of World War II.
This format provides a mechanism for indicating precision loss due to underflow which can be carried through further operations.
Each firm must then weigh the short term gain of $30 from 'cheating' against the long term loss of $35 in all future periods that comes as part of its punishment.
On 28 August, Gunn encountered severe flutter, which led to the loss of the whole port elevon; he had been unable to recognise this flutter due to the lack of a feedback system in the power controls.
He left behind him a legacy of bitterness and ill-will for which he was not really responsible − the Irish peers chose to blame him for the loss of their powers under the Sixth of George I, rather than their own misjudgment in imprisoning the Barons of the Exchequer.
Hewitt did not play any competitive matches after the 2006 Davis Cup loss versus Argentina.
At one point, Adriana jumps into a pool and starts playing with a bunch of plastic dolls, while her old and paralyzed father cries; this is the origin of the Chilean slang phrase "peinar la muñeca" ("to comb the doll" in English), which refers to the loss of reason.
Tens days after the loss, Naldo started in the DFB-Pokal Final against Bayer Leverkusen and helped the club win 1–0 to win the DFB-Pokal.
Despite battle damage to his own plane, including loss of a side window of its canopy, Olds shot down two during the dogfight and another on the way home to become the first ace of the 479th FG.
However, on 23 January 2011, his season came to an end after dislocating his left hip during the Wildcats' 77–76 loss to the Adelaide 36ers in Adelaide.
Coach Miron Bleiberg resigned after the Round 12 loss to Adelaide United.
Stellar mass loss is a phenomenon observed in stars.
In the episode "Bone Voyage", when Raymond Langston comes to help Horatio and his team, he mentions deceased CSI Warrick Brown and asks Langston to tell Catherine Willows that he is sorry for their loss.
Walden played four quarterbacks in a 41-0 loss to Kansas in 1991.
In the same article, Duncan noted that the work is influenced by the play Love, Loss, and What I Wore by Nora and Delia Ephron.
With this loss of work, Countryliner decided to start half-hourly commercial service 464 between Guildford and Cranleigh from the day of the bus review changes, in competition with Arriva Guildford & West Surrey routes 53 and 63.
However, Missy was unsure if that particular incarnation would regenerate into her directly, being afflicted with memory loss resultant from the crossing of their respective timelines.
On Monday, September 25, 2006, following a Michigan State University football loss against Notre Dame—a game in which his alma mater blew a sixteen-point fourth-quarter lead—Valenti went off on a twelve-minute on-air tirade ripping into the Spartans for their poor showing.
Frances' first qualification loss in 7 years
He tells Jake that it was best if no one knew and that Sarah didn't know herself and while they had hoped Jake would kill the demon before he could get to Sarah, which they knew would bring out the demon in her, it wasn't a terrible loss that she is now dead.
Large amounts of toxic detergent was sprayed on the oil in an attempt to disperse it and, along with the oil, accounted for the loss of much of the marine life and 15,000 birds.
After a disagreement about opening on Sunday with Reiche, he sold his part at a loss.
Symptoms may include abdominal fullness and distension; anemia, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy (DIC), fluid accumulation in the abdomen(ascites), decreased appetite, weight loss, fatigue; late findings include liver failure.
During this deployment the 276th completed 1090 missions and received the Valorous Unit Award while sustaining the loss of only one soldier to enemy fire.
Second-stage symptoms include memory loss, social instability, impulsive behavior, and poor judgment.
The radical nature of the design caused the loss of some members after its completion.
According to an article published in The Lancet in June 2015, low back pain and major depressive disorder were among the top ten causes of YLDs and were the cause of more health loss than diabetes, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and asthma combined.
The loss of the recipe is discovered, and Mr. Hook announces that he will give a reward for its return, knowing that people who find things usually turn out to have been the original thief.
The building had previously been reported as running at a loss of around £30,000 per month.
In addition, hair follicles can become damaged which cause hair loss.
His final match was a 3–0 loss to Kickers Emden.
On 18 November, at the NXT Takeover: WarGames, McIntyre lost the NXT Championship to Almas, marking his first loss in NXT.
In addition the gases may also displace oxygen from cells, leading to loss of consciousness and death rapidly.
At first there were technical difficulties and failures due to underfiring, as well as fierce resistance from stone cutters fearing loss of their livelihood.
The acquisition of CD27 and Flt3 by the HSC coincides with the loss of long-term repopulating potential.
He started the following match in the club's 2–1 loss at Carlisle United, and went on to make 10 appearances during the loan agreement.
Its population collapsed in the 1960s and 1970s, likely due to the loss of major nesting colonies.
Later that year Núñez made his Major League debut, a relief appearance in which he allowed four runs in three innings of work, while striking out one batter and walking two in a 7–5 loss to the Minnesota Twins.
There, under head coach Jim Scroggins, he led the "Fightin' Tornados" to a 23-5 record his last two years in high school, including trips to the Florida state quarter-finals and a narrow loss in the state championship game.
However, three missed kicks (two points after touchdown and a blocked field goal) doomed Houston in its loss, 33–25.
Despite the loss, he was named to the Championship All-Tournament Team, as well as the NCAA East All-Tournament Team and the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) All-Rookie Team.
On October 9, 2009, Laurinaitis recorded six solo tackles, a pass deflection, and made his first career interception during a 38–10 loss to the Minnesota Vikings in Week 5.
In Week 12, he tied his season-high of nine combined tackles during a 31–7 loss at the Cincinnati Bengals.
To cope with the extended loss of its largest power station, the Authority had to impose rolling blackouts.
On 20 August 2009 Lindpere scored against top Spanish side Athletic Bilbao in a 3–2 loss in a UEFA Europa League match played at San Mamés Stadium.
During dryer winter conditions when food is scarce, P. laxifolia forms winter rosettes of short, non-carnivorous leaves to decrease the loss of energy used on carnivorous mechanisms, showing clearly the cost of carnivory.
He scored his first goal for Accrington in a 2–1 loss to Exeter City on 20 August 2016.
Drago, Faraday, and the girl Katie travel to Carlon via Spiredore only to discover it besieged by the animal army and of the loss of the 20,000.
In 2001, it was reported that in a human study examining the usefulness of CNTF for treatment of motor neuron disease, CNTF produced an unexpected and substantial weight loss in the study subjects.
This energy loss is transformed into heat in amount which is sufficient to induce
He was sacked on 15 February 2015 after another final loss, in the Saudi Crown Prince Cup.
After his loss to Gene Tunney on January 13, 1922, Levinsky attempted to retire from boxing and entered the Real Estate business.
Morris was not deemed to be at fault for the loss of his ship and was congratulated for successfully escaping the fire of the batteries.
Tijuana opened the 2011–12 season with a 2–1 home loss to Morelia.
Karlsons was recalled to the national team in the autumn of 2016, earning his 50th cap on 7 October 2016 after coming on as a substitute in the 0:2 home loss against the Faroe Islands in a 2018 World Cup qualifier.
Since the bout was contested as an exhibition, the loss is not reflected on Aoki's professional mixed martial arts record.
Full-scale war with China followed in 1937, drawing Japan toward an overambitious bid for Asian hegemony (Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere), which ultimately led to defeat and the loss of all its overseas territories after World War II (see Japanese expansionism and Japanese nationalism).
 Fault tolerance - if a client device fails for any reason simply replace it with any other supported client device without loss of data, configuration, preferences, or application access
As a result of further success in the Mediterranean, Maxwell was given increasingly important commissions and, despite the loss of his ship  off Ceylon in 1813, was appointed to escort the British Ambassador to China in 1816.
Many wetlands are being lost and ecologists claim that human should recognize this dilemma before the loss of a natural filter and conserver of the world.
His time as a starter was marked by two episodes of him losing his cool and drawing costly personal fouls, twice on headbutts in key spots against the Dallas Cowboys and later in a week 16 loss against the New Orleans Saints.
He made his international debut on 16 November 1994, and participated at UEFA Euro 1996, where he played the last ten minutes (plus extra time) in the quarterfinal loss against France.
Most of these species became extinct by habitat loss, the introduction of mammalian predators (like rats, pigs, and mongooses), and by extensive hunting (their plumage was used for the creation of precious aahu alii (robes) and ahu ula (capes) for alii (Hawaiian nobility).
In order to cope with the loss of her Coquí, she created a frog that will forever call out his name: “Co-kee!
2) #19 (Feb. 1989), having fallen into a state of depression due to his condition and the loss of his teammates.
Three of the four boats took gold medals, with the fourth having to settle for silver after a 4-second loss to Switzerland in the coxed fours final.
The WHO estimated in 1995 that 13.8 million children had some degree of visual loss related to VAD.
(The other two types are tawliyah—sale at cost—and wadiah—sale at specified loss.)
Eye infection occurs at a rate between 1 in 1100 and 1 in 1900 and can lead to permanent loss of vision if not properly treated.
Thomas Hardy's "The Convergence of the Twain" (1912), his "Lines on the Loss of the Titanic", was a considerably more substantial work.
A 6–6 record in 1955 again put the team in postseason contention, but a loss to the Bears sent them home.
Responding to her grievances, Principal Shepherd explains that the school cannot afford new textbooks due to the school's loss of federal funding under the No Child Left Behind Act as a result of their low test scores.
This was followed up with a loss to an understrength St George Illawarra Dragons.
Céspedes tripled off Hisashi Iwakuma in Cuba's last game of the tournament, a 5–0 loss to Japan, but did not score.
I experienced some loss that I hadn’t really touched before.
The group flew a total of 3,370 sorties for the loss of 15 aircraft.
Richards' 1912 season at Ohio State was notable for his action of pulling his team from the field during a loss to Penn State due to rough play.
A reconnaissance flight of 30 Mosquitoes passed over the city on 28 July without loss, and were followed by the third and final July 1944 attack.
The main symptom is loss of vision, with colors appearing subtly washed out in the affected eye.
A nutritional optic neuropathy may be present in a patient with obvious evidence of under-nutrition (weight loss and wasting).
LHON usually presents with rapid vision loss in one eye followed by involvement of the second eye (usually within months).
The Portuguese eventually reported 651 guerrillas as killed (a figure of some 440 was most likely closer to reality) and 1,840 captured, for the loss of 132 Portuguese soldiers.
His most artistically ambitious work is the TV series Pakanamaan kartta, dealing with total short term memory loss and ecoterrorism.
In 2004–05's Copa del Rey final he started against Real Betis, setting up John Aloisi for the 1–1 equalizer (eventually 1–2 loss, after extra time).
The loss was crippling for Norstein; he said of Zhukovskiy that he was the only person who ever saw exactly eye-to-eye with him both as an artist and as a friend.
Pavoni made his debut in Spain's top flight on 28 August 2005, scoring in a 1–2 home loss against Real Madrid.
On 25 March 2010, Grant was dismissed as first-team coach at Celtic, along with Mowbray and Venus, after a 4–0 loss to St Mirren.
The team suffered the most lopsided loss of the tournament in a 29–0 defeat by the United States in the quarterfinals, Switzerland's first match.
In general, the event was treated with concern and dismay in Midnapore by inhabitants citing a loss of importance, greeted with parades and other festivities in Tamluk since it was now a district town, and with dismay or apathy in Contai since Contai had failed to become the district town in the newly formed district.
His first start came late in the month, in a 0–1 home loss against Fiorentina, also having a goal disallowed.
Olin was beaten by Viljaama in the elimination rounds, but gave Saarela the latter's only loss of the tournament one round later.
Although Byzantine successor states emerged in Nicaea, Trebizond and Epirus, and went on to reclaim the capital in 1261, many historians cite the loss of the capital as a fatal blow to the Byzantine Empire.
Following a 1–3 loss against Galatasaray at week one, the 2019–20 season, the team retained a 15-week-long unbeaten record until 9 January 2021, where they have been eventually beaten by Sivasspor by 1–2.
He made an appearance during Germany's opening match against Mexico by coming on for Marvin Plattenhardt in the 79th minute, but the game ended in a 1–0 loss for Germany.
Pritchard was selected to for New Zealand in the 2012 ANZAC Test at  in the Kiwis 12–20 loss at Eden Park.
Matai travelled to England with Manly for the 2012 World Club Challenge match against 2011 Super League champions Leeds Rhinos, playing at centre in the 26-12 loss at Headingley Stadium.
The Magellanic penguin is not an endangered species, but it is close to becoming a threatened species due to the habitat loss and resource scarcity in many regions of South America.
It has largely been credited towards human impacts on climate change and the loss of biodiversity.
The first World Series of Darts event of 2018, the German Masters, saw a loss to Dimitri Van Den Bergh in the quarter-finals.
Current storage methods involve cooling and condensing the H2 gas to a liquid state for storage which causes a loss of potential energy (25–45%) when compared to the energy associated with the gaseous state.
The main factors that influence thermal comfort are those that determine heat gain and loss, namely metabolic rate, clothing insulation, air temperature, mean radiant temperature, air speed and relative humidity.
While the AKP gained votes over 2002, the resurgence of the nationalist MHP resulted in a slight net loss of 23 seats for AKP.
After the loss of 6 players before the FIFA World Cup 2006, Chivas played with a lot of young players, some of them with absolutely no experience in First Division and they managed to reach the semifinals, losing to C.F.
Shortly after becoming the first SANFL player to kick 100 goals in a season, Farmer suffered the shock loss of his brother Elliott on 5 September when, on the way home, their motorcycle collided head-on with a truck on Frome Road.
In his May 20, 1938 loss to Glen Lee at Madison Square Garden, Krieger lost all but one round in the opinion of the Milwaukee Journal, despite a recent layoff by Lee.
In the 2003–04 season, Riether started the season well when he scored in the opening game of the season, in a 4–1 loss against Bayer Leverkusen.
ExpressJet – Captain Terry VanHoose and F/O Mark Moser received the award when their aircraft experienced a critical system failure due to a lightning strike and subsequent loss of air data computers.
The plane crashed  off the North Korean coast and all 31 Americans (30 sailors and 1 Marine) on board were killed, which constitutes the largest single loss of U.S. aircrew during the Cold War era.
Jaap Sjouwerman advanced to the heavyweight semifinals, but did not get a chance to compete for silver or bronze after his semifinal loss to an opponent who did not win gold or silver.
Bulldogs Hazem El Masri was a late replacement for Jamie Lyon, who suffered a hamstring injury in Manly's loss to the Bulldogs in the round before game III.
On 30 January 2006, Schwaab made his Germany U18 debut, starting a match and played 76 minutes before being substituted, in a 5–1 loss against Finland U18.
They followed up this success by taking the fort at Agiathuti, but soon afterwards Ram Singha attacked the Ahom army and routed it, inflicting heavy loss.
The band signed to Translation Loss Records out of Philadelphia, PA who re-released The Ichthyologist on August 18, 2009 as a digipak CD.
In the second, Spassky surprised Fischer with a  and won the game after Fischer defended poorly, allowing Spassky to trap Fischer's queen and handing Fischer his only loss in the poisoned pawn variation.
When the fraud was discovered, it was determined that Jett's claimed profits of $275 million over four years had actually been a $75 million loss.
The reduction and loss of capital
The argument below will be symmetric in   , so we assume without loss of generality that    and set  .
Meanwhile, in 2006 revenue only reached $210M with profits under $1M, and in 2007 revenues fell to $202M and profits to a $14M loss.
Speed wobble: At a certain speed the skateboard can become unstable, showing an oscillatory behavior that can lead to loss of control.
He made his debut for Derbyshire in a loss against Glamorgan, though, playing as a lower-middle order batsman, he barely disgraced himself, being caught at 24.
The maximum loss for this strategy is realised when, at expiration, the underlying has moved moderately bearishly to the price of the lower strike price.
The birth of Lusi was a major disaster for the population living nearby, with loss of their houses, properties and their livelihood.
The loss of such a key player was reflected in the performances on the pitch, and the following 1957–58 season saw Leeds finish in 17th place.
This was also the day the regiment experienced its first loss of life in combat.
No points are awarded for a loss.
The water mains and sewage pipes were broken, causing flooding and the loss of 68 lives - 64 shelterers and 4 railway staff.
However, the team suffered a 23-0 loss to Guayama in November, which marked the worst defeat by any Santurce-based team in 60 years.
In his senior season of 1989, Turnbull recorded 67 tackles, two forced fumbles, eight sacks, and a career-high 11 tackles for a loss.
During the beginning of the 2009–10 season, he had a good run of form, winning Man of the Match awards in four consecutive matches and being voted Player of the Month for September by registered members on the club website but picked up a knee injury in the loss to Palermo at the beginning of October.
His last match was a 1–3 loss against FC Luzern on 2 March 2019.
Perry started out his first-grade rugby league career with Western Suburbs in 1999 and played in the club's last ever game as a first grade side which was a 60-16 loss against the Auckland Warriors at Campbelltown Stadium.
| 1988 || Loss ||align=left| || || Stains, France || KO || ||
Richthofen's air units flew 1,700 sorties on 9 May and claimed 52 Soviet aircraft shot down for the loss of 2 of their own.
The factory closed on 30 September 2005, with the loss of 317 jobs.
In 2016 The Bombers suffered an exodus of playing staff during the off-season which culminated in the loss of some of the club's better players.
The following late Ptolemaic Egyptian papyrus from 154 BC is rendered in popular pronunciation including the loss of vowel length distinction and shift to a stress accent.
loss of openness distinction with ) to have taken place later; while Allen is not very explicit on this point, this theory seems based on the observation that while both  and  are confused with ,  is not confused with .
Nacional on January 30, 2010,in a 0–4 loss to F.C.
Tor Andrae rejects the idea that the inspired state is pathological attributing it to a scientifically superficial and hasty theory arguing that those who consider Muhammad epileptic should consider all types of semi-conscious and trance-like states, occasional loss of consciousness, and similar conditions as epileptic attacks.
Mixing aboriginal populations is therefore used as a management strategy to try and avoid further loss of diversity.
The other semi-final saw Van Barneveld enter the final with a 5–2 defeat of King and requited a loss to his opponent from the 2002 competition.
League of Cambrai, Lepanto and the loss of Cyprus
The Old King of Lydia enters bemoaning the loss of his wife.
To begin Week 12 on Thanksgiving Day, Stafford went 20 of 43 for 213 yards with a touchdown pass but threw four interceptions in the 34–12 loss against the Green Bay Packers.
In Week 8 against the Indianapolis Colts, Stafford threw for 336 yards, 3 touchdowns, and an interception returned for a touchdown during the 41–21 loss.
 Freedom in an Idiom of Loss
The first game against the Germans was on home soil and Germany just having had a stinging loss to the Serbs were out to make amends and some valuable points.
Combined with poor harvests in 2007, which has led to loss of livestock, these factors led to a situation where officials report 4.6 million people in drought-affected parts, not only in Badawacho but across Ethiopia, required £162.5 million of assistance, although unofficial estimates from donor agencies put the figure in the range of 8-10 million people.
Financially, the club's position had improved from earlier in the decade; after posting a net loss of around $170,000 from 1931 to 1935, the team made over $1 million during the next four years.
After sustaining an upset by then number 23-ranked Tennessee in their opening game, the Bears won their next eight games before suffering another upset to unranked Arizona followed by a subsequent loss to then number 4 USC.
Their only loss came against the eventual national champion - USC, the team finished the regular season ranked No.
They finished with a record of eight wins and one loss (8–1 overall, 5–1 in the SIAA) and as SIAA champions.
He concluded his career with a career high 74 tackles, 10 for loss, 4.5 sacks, and four forced fumbles.
Retinal artery occlusion (such as central retinal artery occlusion or branch retinal artery occlusion) leads to rapid death of retinal cells, thereby resulting in severe loss of vision.
It was one of the early battles of the Muslim conquest of Persia, and the loss of the frontier city on the Euphrates River opened the way to the Sasanian capital at Ctesiphon on the Tigris River.
The next week a 13–10 loss to the Chicago Bears knocked them into last place in the division.
After missing four matches, Traoré returned to the starting line–up against Bournemouth on 5 April 2014 and scored in a 2–1 loss.
On 3rd down Brown again tried sweeping around the right, but the Green Bay defense swarmed over him for a loss, forcing Cleveland to punt.
It was demolished in 1969, and its loss still serves as a rallying image for local preservationists.
Originally doctor to Franny, the temperamental middle child who is the most obviously traumatized by her mother's death, Murray eventually treats Sam, the children's father who is also suffering from the loss of his wife.
The loss was serious, as the building accommodated 700 students.
The loss of Venetian forts in Montenegro, near the strategic Castelnuovo, triggered the Ottoman-Venetian War of 1499-1503, during which the Turkish fleet of Kemal Reis defeated the Venetian forces at the Battle of Zonchio (1499) and the Battle of Modon (1500).
In three dimensions, the density of something leaving a point source decreases in proportion to the inverse square of the distance from the source, if the distribution is isotropic, and there is no absorption or other loss.
The Paris Peace Treaties of 1947 finally confirmed the Finnish loss of the territory.
He also caught 10 passes for 117-yards in the 33-31 loss.
Two points are awarded for a win, one for a draw and zero for a loss.
He also disables Lee's missiles during a crucial flight into enemy territory, causing the loss of a ground-attack aircraft.
His 1906 Virginia football team improved its record to 7–2–2, including a close 18–17 loss to Carlisle.
November 9 – Following John Kerry's loss in the 2004 election, Cameron Kerry, John Kerry's brother and political confidante states in regards to another presidential run "That's conceivable...
Even so, they pulled off some surprises by defeating champions Middlesex twice and inflicting on third-placed Lancashire their only loss of the season.
Although most often convergence can bring forth rewards, there are some occasions when it can also bring forth costs such as "increased effort to converge, a loss of perceived integrity and personal (and sometimes group) identity".
This chemistry addresses a shortcoming of the Wittig reagent by methylenating enolisable carbonyl groups without loss of stereochemical integrity (Lombardo Methylenation).
Theta is ventilation heat loss in W
Ottesen made his SønderjyskE debut, starting the whole game, in a 2–0 loss against AC Horsens in the opening game of the season.
His second goal of the season came on 15 May 2019, in a 4–3 loss against Stjarnan.
Such thirteenth-century changes include the invention of dedicated conditional mood markers, the restriction of the former nominalizing suffixes -n and -l to attributive functions alone, the erasing of distinctions between nominal and verbal negation, and the loss of the essentiality-marking suffix -ms.
Upon hearing of the devastation of the towns and loss of all their stores, Dragging Canoe, McDonald, and their men, including the Rangers, returned to Chickamauga and its vicinity.
Despite the loss of several key players, Australia beat South Africa 2-0 with one match drawn.
From its beginning, the company encountered the problem of cans swelling, causing a great deal of product loss.
Despite the clear ruling of a U.S. federal court, however, Mazzone notes that the Bridgeman Art Library has been "undeterred by its loss in court and continues to assert copyright in reproductions" of countless public domain works by famous artists of previous centuries, such as Camille Pissarro.
In 1911 Betz became a researcher at the University of Göttingen aerodynamics laboratory, where he was awarded his PhD in 1919 for his work on 'ship propellers with minimum loss of energy'.
With the loss of between 700–800 troops the French army abandoned its supplies, its wounded, and its heavy guns, degenerating into a fleeing rabble as it tried to regain Catinat's main force near Turin.
He also had four sacks, six passes defensed, 10 tackles for loss, and 15 quarterback pressures.
Gessner later re-joined the Orlando Predators and played in their playoff game against the Cleveland Gladiators where he scored 3 touchdowns in the 69-66 loss to the Gladiators.
Alex helps Izzie recover from Denny's death and advances Izzie but Izzie backs away, since she is still in the process of getting over her loss and they remain friends.
On 26 September 2007 Best was rushed to hospital in Bordeaux with a loss of feeling down his side.
The offender will argue how she, he, people close to him or his ethnic group were under threat or have suffered loss by a third party (in case of the Rwanda genocide the Tutsi).
On the opening game of the season, Ribas made his debut in a 3–1 loss against Lens.
Drew played in their elimination finals loss against New Zealand.
It also notes that insurance companies might sell policies covering the insured against loss resulting from any type of coercion and that these insurers could bring unruly defense agencies to their knees through ostracism and boycotts.
As a junior, he collected 66 tackles (fourth on the team), 2 tackles for loss, 7 interceptions (2 returned for touchdowns), 15 passes defensed, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery.
At the Pembroke Theatre in Croydon he played Kenny Baird in A Loss of Roses during January 1961, and the following month a return to the Royal Court as de Piraquo in Tony Richardson's production of Thomas Middleton and William Rowley's Jacobean tragedy The Changeling, then little known.
Its negative effects such as anxiety, headaches, and appetite loss are likely mediated by its actions on the 5-HT2C receptor.
2010 saw Bute's period in the Premier Division come to an end with a loss against Oban Camanachd, who had been behind the whole season until that last game.
Such services typically are fraudulent or fail and lead to a further loss of money for the investor.
Diane Sawyer investigated the situation in doing research for her interview with Athina in 1998, and according to Sawyer, although Roussel did not actually file for bankruptcy, he did sell the strawberry farms at a loss.
Australia win the toss and elect to bat, ending the first day of the First Test in a strong position on 346 runs for the loss of 3 wickets.
Indians and their sorcery are responsible for the loss of the Puritans' crops and provisions, continues Bradford, pointing as he does so to Samoset, who reacts indignantly and stalks out.
The vice president of the firm emphasized that the company alone bore the brunt of the estimated $10,000 (equivalent to $ in ) financial loss, not OTA, and offered a $1,000 reward for information leading to the prosecution of the responsible party.
Despite the loss of his ship, Lacrosse was made contre-amiral.
With the loss of Maple Shade students, Merchantville closed its high school after the end of the 1971-72 school year and started sending its students to Pennsauken High School for grades nine through twelve.
The unforeseen loss of the federal CCS Commercialisation Programme, along with decreased subsidies for renewable energy, left the White Rose Plant with insufficient funds to continue development.
This was followed by a 3–1 away loss to Tianjin TEDA and a 1–1 draw against Qingdao Jonoon.
This historic run only ended with a loss against Spanish giants, Deportivo La Coruña 3–0, having achieved a 0–0 draw in Lansdowne Road in front of 25,000 fans.
Thailand's loss gave the nation 15th place.
 July 9, 1995: American Eagle Flight 4127, an ATR 72 operated by Simmons Airlines, experienced a loss of the rear cabin entry door during its climb after taking off from O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
The wars were responsible for the Xhosa people's loss of most of their land, and the incorporation of its people into European-controlled territories.
This is the first year of account since 2007 to close with a profit and is an improvement on the forecast provided last year which was for a small loss of £1.1m or 0.2% of capacity.
Around the same time, the duo completed a collaborative project with Ceschi Ramos entitled Deadpan Darling, which was never released due to the loss of most of the final mixes on a crashed hard drive.
By deploying new technologies such churn prediction models coupled with effective retention programs, customer attrition could be better managed to stem the significant revenue loss from defecting customers.
On 10 March, he appeared in his first European match for Liverpool in a 1–0 loss at Braga in the UEFA Europa League, appearing as a substitute after half-time.
Their only loss was at Auburn 26–14.
They were single-screw fleet sweeping vessels (sloops) with triple hulls at the bows to give extra protection against loss when working.
2002: Language in Danger; The Loss of Linguistic Diversity and the Threat to Our Future Columbia University 329 pages
Regardless, the variety of factors that contribute to food loss, both biological/environmental and socio-economical, would limit the usefulness and reliability of general figures.
In the fourth quarter of the Bengals' week-nine loss to the Buffalo Bills, Johnson was rolled off the field on a stretcher, with a reported head injury.
Fearing permanent loss of the city to Turkey, Georgian leaders agreed to talks with the Revkom.
http://www.localnewsglasgow.co.uk/tag/rev-john-miller/ The Lost Lives Project is aimed at channeling this loss and bringing together people of the community who, previously, suffered behind closed doors.
The film earned $1,487,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $524,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $196,000.
It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution, desiccation of wetlands, forest fires as well as predation by introduced trout.
Harvard's only loss was to national champion Cornell.
An ideal conference network is one where the loss of signal is entirely due to the signal being split between multiple conference subscriber ports.
He remained an informal adviser to Nixon until he died in Washington, D.C., following an auto accident in January 1974, and Nixon mourned the loss of a man he described as a counselor and friend.
In nine seasons, Walden led the Cougars to one bowl appearance, the Holiday Bowl in 1981, a memorable loss to BYU.
The H&M's Hudson Terminal, a large and mostly decrepit office-building complex along Manhattan's Lower West Side, was located in a neighborhood referred to as the Radio Row, which was also seeing a general decline due to a loss of transportation options.
Also, the fish was once common in Illinois in the Green and Illinois Rivers to the swamps in Union County; though sporadic, the population has dwindled in these water systems because of the loss of specific habitat they need to live, clear pools with aquatic vegetation.
He made his debut about a week later, coming on as a second half-substitute in a 2–0 away loss against Rayo Vallecano.
Fred Spofforth, an overseas bowler, took the most wickets, but England avenged its loss to the touring Australians in 1882 winning 1 test to 0.
However, the rate of loss of the solubilizing group will depend on the nature of the transfer route, and this could affect the activity of the drug.
It is caused by a loss of subcutaneous tissue around the orbit.
More recent scholarship has argued that, while Hamlet has a Scandinavian origin and may have been selected as a play subject for commercial reasons, Shakespeare's grief over the loss of his only son may lie at the heart of the tragedy.
He has since remained in political oblivion following his loss at the Ogun State Governorship Election in 2011.
Lewis played for City at centre in the 12–6 loss at Coffs Harbour.
The oldest and most common betting system is the martingale, or doubling-up, system on even-money bets, in which bets are doubled progressively after each loss until a win occurs.
In 2005, they lost the sectional finals with a 2–1 loss to Haddonfield Memorial High School.
However, despite the increased turnover, the company suffered a total pre-tax loss of £194 million.
On the other hand, in 2010, the Pew Forum found "that statistical data for Muslim conversions is scarce and as per their little available information, there is no substantial net gain or loss of Muslims due to religious conversion.
Fagan's first loss came against Isaac Mendoza in July 2003.
Elia made his professional debut for ADO Den Haag on 23 January 2005 against FC Groningen at age 17, coming on as 81st-minute substitute in a 3–0 loss.
Wagenaar played his third game for Canada in a 3–0 loss to Macedonia on November 14, 2009, playing the full 90 minutes.
The occupation of the city resulted in significant loss of lives; at least 5,000 Chinese were killed in Kuala Lumpur in just a few weeks of the occupation by Japanese forces, and thousands of Indians were sent as forced labour to work on the Burma Railway where a large number died.
He scored his first goal for the club in a 3–2 loss against Brentford.
The Lakatois' latest game was the 2016 Olympic qualifier against the Kiwis, which resulted in a 7–1 loss.
This body of short essays looks at contemporary phenomena including super-collectors, the trope of the biennale and the loss of looking.
His next goal came on 4 October in the Football League Trophy, scoring in a 2–1 loss to Sheffield United.
But he is best remembered for missing three field goal attempts from 35, 39, and 42 yards in a 10–7 playoff loss to the Indianapolis Colts in January 1996.
The season ended with a loss in the third round of the playoffs.
By 1960, Interstate 8 replaced El Cajon Boulevard as the main east-west connector of San Diego, and hotel operations ceased due to the loss of through traffic on El Cajon Boulevard.
This result (second to last among nine presidential candidates) implied the loss of the official registry to her party, which was recovered in 1997, and then lost again definitely.
A "thermal Image" or infra-red photograph will clearly show the reduction of winter time heat loss from a home through areas that have been painted with a true "insulative" or "insulating" paint.
25 November - Cargo steamer Molesey is wrecked on Skomer Island with the loss of 7 lives; British Movietone News shoots the first-ever sound footage of such an event.
On 18 May 1980 he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, starting in a 0–1 loss at RCD Espanyol.
Schoening is perhaps best remembered for his heroics during "The Belay" while part of the American K2 expedition in 1953, where he single-handedly averted the loss of the entire expedition.
With the Napoleonic War continuing, loss of investment and manpower impacted cricket and only six important matches have been recorded from 1805:
By applying the findings of basic research on "schedules of operant reinforcement" (B.F. Skinner 1938, 1948, 1953, 1957; Keller and Schoenfeld, 1950), Platt recognized that individuals operating for short-term positive gain ("reinforcement") had a tendency to over-exploit a resource, which led to a long-term overall loss to society.
He also ran for one touchdown and managed to catch one pass for a loss of three yards.
Oberleutnant Sturm, Oberleutnant Hans Grünberg (2), Leutnant Todt (2), Leutnant Schenk (2), Oberleutnant Franz Schall (2), Fähnrich Ehrig (2), Leutnant Hans-Dieter Weihs (1 probable) and Flieger  Gerhard Reiher had achieved 13 aerial victories without loss.
Müncheberg and the recently arrived Josef Priller would be appointed to senior commands during the year after the loss of Pingel and Adolph in action and Galland to the high command.
His condition worsened, and he suffered from anaemia, dehydration, hypoalbuminemia, haemodynamic instability, very rapid weight loss.
Patricia Beer, The Loss of the Magyar, a first book of poems
However his experience lasted just a few months, as Materazzi was fired on September 1999 after a UEFA Cup loss to Viking F.K.
In agricultural systems, this may mean making an effort to prevent surface soil loss and/or damage, as the surface soil and ground cover form a protective barrier.
Ironically LSU's last non-conference home loss came to another Alabama school UAB 13-10 back in 2000.
However, the Jazz shrugged off the crowd and handed the Warriors their only playoff home loss of the year in Game 4.
The loss of both Bowers and Green left Haith with only two post players and just seven total scholarship players for his first season at Mizzou.
Even though he pitched well that game, he still got the loss.
He grieved over the loss of his homeland and the humiliation of his countrymen, after his regiment was disarmed and interned without struggle by the Japanese.
The effect can be seen in the particularly high rate of loss to air attack in the early war years.
Pinto played his first official game for his new club on 11 August 2007, starting and being replaced in the second half of a 1–0 home loss against Hamburger SV.
Leyton wrote the foreword for Dance With the Devil: A Memoir of Murder and Loss, a book telling the story of the murder of Zachary Turner.
However, accumulated carbon in vegetation and soils is at risk from future loss (or sink reversal) triggered by disturbances such as flood, drought, fire, or pest outbreaks, or future poor management (high confidence)."
New England's third consecutive and fourth overall loss at the MLS Cup final moved it ahead of the Galaxy for the all-time record as runners-up in the competition.
In 2015, his first year driving for Schmidt Peterson, he suffered life-threatening blood loss when he was impaled in a crash when his suspension failed while practicing for the Indianapolis 500.
The Bulldogs then suffered a gigantic loss to Penrith a week later, before recording their first win of the season against new club the Gold Coast Titans in front of a home crowd of 14,675.
By age 14, his hearing loss made continued schooling impossible.
Batuque turned a little worse after they loss to their rival Mindelense and became third.
 Second Battle of Cobadin – The Central Powers defeated Russian-Romanian forces and occupied the port of Constanța, Romania, but with a loss of 17,007 casualties.
The United States Department of Agriculture defines the T Value as the maximum average soil loss (in tons per year) that will still allow economical maintenance of the current level of production into the future.
He was relieved from his duties on 20 July of the following year, after a 2–0 home loss against Bahia.
The loss of accuracy during more intense anaerobic exercise is among others due to factors including the bicarbonate buffer system.
In Western Europe, the barbarian invasions of Europe had detrimental effects upon agriculture, leading to the loss of many of the more advanced techniques, among them the threshing board, which was completely alien to Germanic tradition.
Nevertheless, their conflict with the Pope continued and was responsible for their gradual loss of power to the Franks, who conquered the kingdom in 774.
This can result in dandruff, erythema, hair loss, greasy skin, and diminished hair growth.
The 19th century saw the disappearance of Langley Hall, followed by the loss of the local population.
In 1834, the Parti canadien presented its 92 resolutions, a series of political demands which expressed a loss of confidence in the British monarchy.
The next week the Eagles lost their starting quarterback, redshirt freshman Anthony Brown, to an ACL tear in a home loss to NC State Wolfpack football.
His final game was the 2006 Hawaii Bowl on Christmas Eve, a 41–24 loss.
After another loss in early October, Stoops was fired as coach.
The 2018 season began with a home loss to an FCS opponent in Nicholls State.
Responding to the criticized loss to Florida, the Wildcats defeated Eastern Michigan and Missouri at Kroger Field, improving their record to 5–1.
18 Clemson and another loss to Notre Dame before Carolina defeated NC State and No.
A loss to North Carolina State in the final game of the season sent them back to the Meineke Car Care Bowl.
In the first game of that stretch, he struck out six batters in four scoreless innings of relief in an 8–4 loss to the Twins.
It was Pete Carroll's first November loss as USC head coach.
The 2005 season started on a high note as Syracuse nearly upset eventual Big East and Sugar Bowl champion West Virginia, forcing five turnovers in the 15–7 loss.
The 1981 loss to Penn State at Pitt Stadium was especially devastating, as the number one ranked Panthers had opened up a 14–0 first-quarter lead only to see an apparent Dan Marino touchdown pass intercepted in the endzone.
Despite the crushing loss, Ohio rebounded to defeat Utah State 24-23 in the 2011 Famous Idaho Potato Bowl.
The agents seized records relevant to a tax evasion investigation from which D'Elia claimed a loss of $6 million while reporting $8,000 in gambling operations in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Reasons for the decline of the Tasmanian wedge-tailed eagle are lower breeding success from disturbances of nests, loss of habitat, a small breeding population,
If the clutch is controlled improperly while this is being attempted, damage or extra wear to the engine and gears is possible, as well as the risk of wheels locking up and a subsequent loss of proper vehicle control.
In the second game, one night later on March 8, 1969, USC would finally defeat UCLA 46–44, marking the Bruins' first loss in Pauley Pavilion.
Despite the loss in the game, the Big 12 Championship Game showcased the skill of Ndamukong Suh.
It was not until 12 December 2005 that Elphick made his Brighton debut, when he played alongside his brother, who was sent–off during the match, and came on as a substitute for Leon Knight, in a 5–1 loss against Reading.
He participated in the 1962 FIFA World Cup, and scored Bulgaria's first ever World Cup goal, in a 6–1 loss against Hungary.
Livestock agriculture is an ongoing major cause of habitat loss and degradation, and of water pollution, for all three species.
Serrat last fought in 2005, in a loss by PTS against British boxer Carl Thompson.
The loss left the Grizzlies with a 5–6 overall mark and a 3–5 conference mark.
Landrith played at catcher in the New York Mets very first regular season game on April 11, 1962 against the St. Louis Cardinals, batting 8th in the order and going 0 for 4 in an 11-4 loss.
According to MGM records, the film earned $410,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $525,000 in other markets, resulting in a loss of $1,527,000 – one of MGM's bigger flops of the year.
That loss prompted a match at the welterweight limit with Thompson's title at stake.
Simple mathematics showed this approach would not work; the loss rate from these near misses would always be much higher than the energy gained from fusion reactions.
He stayed with SKA the following season, 2013–14, but the team's run ended in a loss in conference semi-finals.
Week 5 against the Miami Dolphins was the only other blemish on Revis’ season, as he was beaten by wide receiver Ted Ginn Jr. for a 53-yard touchdown reception on Monday Night Football, during the Jets 31–27 week 5 loss to the Dolphins.
On 19 December 2016, TeamRock called in the administrators with the loss of 73 jobs, after experiencing financial difficulties, and suspended publication of all three titles.
The Cowboys were sacked 4 times for a loss of 36 yards and turned over the ball 4 times.
His official debut came in the 0:2 home loss against Litex Lovech on 2 March 2013 and he scored his first goal on 31 March 2013 in the 3:0 home win over Minyor Pernik.
Gorius then scored his fourth goal for OH Leuven, in a 2–1 loss against Zulte Waregem on 11 May 2018.
Among the problems associated with the area of religion was: loss or questioning of faith; change in denominational membership or conversion to a new religion; intensification of adherence to the beliefs and practices of one's own faith; joining, participating in, or leaving a new religious movement or cult.
Rigg subdues her by throwing her into a mirror, and by the time the police arrive at the scene she has already died from blood loss.
This "method" is done by a "methods engineer", who may be a patternmaker (with additional training), a founding engineer, or metallurgist who is familiar with concept of volume increase / volume loss associated with melting and casting / solidification.
Reviewers also discussed the comic's treatment of the issues of love, loss, and lesbian elements.
February 1920 The Wrekin by-election Coalition Liberal loss, gained by Independent.
He also netted five in seven appearances in the campaign's Portuguese Cup, including one in the final against Porto, albeit in a 2–6 loss – he also missed a penalty kick with the score levelled at 2–2.
Day of Remembrance (31 January), a commemorative day observed by NASA commemorating the loss of those in the Columbia, Challenger, and Apollo 1 incidents
In all, the loss sustained by the Sakaguchi Detachment in the operation was: eight men killed on land and 39 at sea (when Tsuruga Maru sank).
In the postseason Supra faced Vaughan Sun Devils with goals coming from Di Luca, and Amaral, but Supra fell short with a goal coming from Vaughan in overtime resulting in a 4-3 loss for Supra.
The patient, a 44-year-old male, had sustained the loss of most of his penis in an accident.
He scored from a header in a 4–1 loss to Arsenal on 22 August 2009.
Loss exchange ratio has played a significant role in past wars, especially those that have devolved into stalemate and become wars of attrition.
In a total loss, the insurer must indemnify the assured in full, and ownership of the insured item thereby passes to the insurer under the legal process of "subrogation".
The first basketball game played in the arena was a Jazz pre-season loss against Patrick Ewing and the New York Knicks, 101–95.
Faced with vastly superior French forces and the loss of western Malta, the Grand Master negotiated a surrender to the invasion.
To qualify, an applicant must have suffered a loss of salary, wages, or other earnings, and have resided in New Zealand for at least 12 months.
It had gone through three full seasons without a loss, and had outscored its opponents 151 to 0 in the first seven games of the 1923 season.
In late 1958, as BR's financial balance approached an annual loss of £100 million and still well before many of the locomotives ordered in 1955 under the original pilot scheme had been built, the BTC agreed to further accelerate the adoption of diesel traction by placing sufficient orders to introduce 2300 diesel locomotives by the end of 1963.
Another B-26, Two Way Ticket, crashed on takeoff and was a total loss.
These include habitat loss, marine pollution, acoustic disturbances from various sources and, most importantly, incidental catch by entanglement in fishing gear, so-called bycatch.
| 2006-10-08 || Loss ||align=left| Alexander Ustinov || The Battle of Arnhem V || Arnhem, Netherlands || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
Sullivan's season finished in a 72–70 loss to Connecticut in Big East Tournament on 7 March 2002 where he produced nine rebounds and four points.
On October 21, 2012, he tied his season-high of five combined tackles and a sack in the Bills' 35–34 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
He was later expelled with other Jews by Pope Pius V, and suffering a loss of 10,000 gold pieces, he went to Pesaro, and thence to Ferrara, where he remained till 1575.
Chanel witnessed his death, and felt his loss deeply, grieving over him for a protracted period of time.
After the loss, there were calls for Playford to be offered the post of Governor of South Australia or Governor-General of Australia, but nothing came of that.
Finally at the eventual loss of these grounds the Hospital Cup Final which had become the Combination's F.A.
The loss of weight will tip the scale, causing deadly gas capsules to break upon the floor, killing Granville in a very short time.
However, the aircraft were erroneously engaged by Greek Cypriot anti-aircraft guns of the 195 MEA/AP battalion at Nicosia International Airport, and the third Noratlas was shot down with the loss of four crew and 29 commandos.
There has been little habitat loss, and the southern slopes have remained almost completely undisturbed.
 Estradiol and LH levels are dramatically elevated due to loss of negative feedback by estradiol on the HPG axis.
A related concept, the bouncing bomb was developed and used in World War II, to be dropped into water as a means to destroy German dams and cause loss of industrial capacity and widespread flooding.
Additionally, the following adverse effects have been reported: heartburn, indigestion, tiredness, diarrhoea, constipation, loss of appetite, general malaise, dizziness, insomnia, headache, and decreased pulse rate.
Five bodies and two lifebelts and some lifeboats would later be washed ashore at Boscastle and Bude, Cornwall, leading to the conclusion that the ship had foundered with the loss of all hands.
With the heartbreaking loss, the colts ended their season at 14–3 and became the first #1 seed to lose to a #6 seed since the 1990 expansion of the playoffs to six teams per conference.
This was due to the combined effects of loss and hampering of market access - due to prohibition in the United States, the trade war with the British Empire, shipping difficulties during the world wars, and Irish Government export quotas; as well as competition from blended Scotch, and disruption to production during the Irish war of Independence.
The official report into the disaster found that the crash was due to a loss of control resulting from multiple human failures.
After tryouts in Philadelphia and Boston, and only four previews on Broadway in 1966, the show was closed by producer David Merrick at a total financial loss.
Wnt7a also influences the craniocaudal and loss of Wnt7a causes the dorsal side of limbs to become ventral sides and causes missing posterior digits.
Acquisition and loss of British subject status before 1947 was determined by United Kingdom law (see History of British nationality law).
| 2002-03-15 || Loss ||align=left| Duane Ludwig || K-1 World MAX 2002 USA, Final || Denver, Colorado, USA || Ext.R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
Houli responded with a fantastic performance in round 6, recording game-highs of nine marks and 33 disposals along with one goal to earn six coaches votes as Richmond's best player in the loss to .
In 1906 he moved to Auckland, New Zealand to play rugby for Parnell in the Auckland competition which featured many 1905 All Blacks who had toured Great Britain sweeping all before them aside from a sole loss to Wales.
Before Ralph Terry gave up Mazeroski's second home run of this Series (the walk-off home run that won Game 7 10–9 for the Pirates and ended the Series), Coates himself was almost the scapegoat in the Yankees’ loss.
Other adverse reactions include anorexia, weight loss, nausea, vomiting, insomnia, and dysguesia, and bone marrow suppression.
Whether you partake or not is your gain or loss."
The deal provided GM with a new financial arm to replace the loss of GMAC (now Ally Financial) in 2006.
He finished his career ranked 12th in school history with 12.5 sacks and tied for ninth with 30 tackles for loss.
The incident saw the Roar make a statement shortly after the game panning the actions of Avraam that marred the club's 3–1 A-League loss, against Sydney FC.
Ed McQuarters appeared to have Jackson tackled for a loss, but Jackson dodged the tackle, rolled to his left, and hit Jim Mankins just over the goal line for another touchdown.
In 1866 he described a syndrome of retinitis pigmentosa, loss of vision progressing to blindness, mental retardation, stunted stature and hypogonadism.
Hiram Walker Distillery would be provided compensation for the loss of railway, in an unspecified manner.
15 ranking in both the BCS and AP Polls, before a surprise homecoming loss to Kent State by a score of 35–23.
On Gibraltar, however, a Victualling Yard was built in 1799 (following the loss of a rented property), and remained in operation until the 1980s.
This staircase on a rear platform bus gave less loss of seating capacity than the straight staircase favoured in London and Birmingham but intruded less onto the boarding platform than the normal semi-spiral arrangement whilst being superior to either layout in having two broad landings allowing boarding and alighting passengers to pass on the staircase.
In the 2007 NRL season, he played 12 games for Manly but did not feature in the club's finals campaign or the 2007 NRL Grand Final loss to Melbourne.
Defending the plea bargain and Jurden's sentencing in a letter to The News Journal, Biden wrote "This was not a strong case, and a loss at trial was a distinct possibility" and said the judge "exercised sound discretion".
Thunder's first loss of the season came in Round 21, when it unexpectedly went down to Box Hill United 2-1.
Sultan Ahmed sent his eldest son Muhammad Khan with Mukarrabul Mulk and others to meet the Dakhanis who were repulsed with considerable loss.
In 1955, his team played one of the longest games in college basketball history, lasting six overtimes in a loss to Minnesota.
The bank was very anxious to retain him at Birmingham, and he accepted his new office only under pressure from Lord Melbourne, and at some pecuniary loss to himself.
In the days following a 38–3 loss at Western Michigan, which dropped the team's record to 4–7 and 3–4 in the MAC, Doug Martin announced his resignation, effective at the conclusion of the season.
Livingston first started working on the project in 2000, wanting to explore the topics of loss and grief after having lost her father, mother, grandfather, uncle, and brother between 1990 and 2000.
His debut was in December 1998 in a friendly match against Israel as a second-half substitute and his second and last appearance was in a home loss against Russia during the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Kristianstad Airport AB revenues totalled 4,692 million krona while it made a loss of 14.000 krona.
Six species of Delia (D. antiqua, D. floralis, D. florilega, D. planipalpis, D. platura, D. radicum) are common agricultural pests during their larval stage, causing severe economic loss throughout North America and Europe.
Early in his childhood, Bazelon contracted a case of scarlet fever that left him with a perforated eardrum and severe hearing loss in one ear.
Due to the fact that each color band in the filter is sharp-cutting, two-thirds of the light from the projection source is absorbed, so there is noticeable light loss.
Habitat loss and fragmentation drive the deer to hide in the remaining patches of forest with scarce food to eat.
Colonel Sibley was stunned by the carnage and was devastated at the loss of so many horses.
The chance to demoralise Britain with the loss of one of its most outspokenly patriotic figures may have been behind the Luftwaffe attack.
Following his third consecutive loss, Ishii was scheduled to face the long-time mixed martial arts veteran Heath Herring at Rizin 2017 in Yokohama: Sakura on April 16, 2017.
Rapid loss of value forced the government to stop honoring the face value of the currency against the biens nationaux.
Two points are awarded for a win, zero points for a loss.
The Tar Heels' all-time home winning streak against Clemson lasted until the 2019–2020 season where Clemson stunned the Tar Heels in an  overtime loss 79–76.
He cited these reasons for his loss of motivation.
In Week 9, Hall recorded five combined tackles, a pass deflection, and an interception during a 33–21 loss at the Buffalo Bills.
The positive charge symbol S+ that would appear to be required for charge conservation is omitted, because S is a macroscopic surface and the loss of one electron has a negligible effect.
Further, he played slow, collecting only four sacks and eight tackles for a loss among 21 total tackles.
The following week Nelson recorded a season-high ten solo tackles in the Jaguars' 41–24 loss at the New Orleans Saints in Week 9.
The Cincinnati Bengals finished atop the AFC North with an 11–5 record, but were eliminated from the playoffs after a 27–10 loss to the San Diego Chargers in the AFC Wildcard Game.
Attendance for the festival topped 700 people and, despite taking an (expected) financial loss, a second festival was arranged for the following year.
In the plea it was said that he "understand(s) the need to satisfy action for loss and suffering and the trauma of the Grenadian people."
On 22/23 October Petard and another destroyer, , acting after the loss of the Hunt class  and the  (which lost a third of her forward section before being beached), entered a minefield east (rather than west) of Kalymnos Island.
After a loss to Green Bay in November 1961, head coach George Wilson said Cogdill would become the best receiver in the NFL and described one of his catches as follows: "On the first catch, he reached behind his back with his left hand and pulled in the ball while in full stride.
After a 48–37 loss to No.
Despite the loss, VDM would go on to have one of its most successful years.
After spending the first half of the season on the bench, Preece's big chance of his first team came when he made his debut for the club (and first team in English football for 10 years) in a 1–0 loss against Watford on 12 September 2009 and continued in goal for three consecutive games until Steele returned.
In Round 3 against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, Maloney scored his first club try for the Panthers in their 20–18 loss at ANZ Stadium.
On 20 May 2006 he played his first and only La Liga game, replacing also youth graduate Andrea Orlandi in the second half of a 1–3 loss against Athletic Bilbao at the San Mamés Stadium, as the Frank Rijkaard-led side had already been crowned league champions.
The cytoplasm in the vegetal pole specifies this axis and removing this cytoplasm leads to a loss of axis information.
Bariatric surgery (weight loss surgery)
Westgate began the 2002 Victorian State League Division 1 campaign with a series of poor results, one loss and two draws, before earning their first 3 points in Round 4 against Springvale White Eagles in a 1–0 home victory on 28 April.
After returning from Rayo, Tébar appeared regularly with the B-side in the following three seasons, scoring his first professional goal on 9 September 2006, but in a 1–3 loss at Deportivo Alavés.
 Jan 2008: After 4r AO Loss
On 25 August, he helped his team reach the Champions League group phase by scoring in the fourth minute of an eventual 2–1 loss at AS Monaco FC (4–3 on aggregate).
Although he felt that many will connect to the loss of a parent, on a commercial level, this was a disappointing decision.
According to the 2008 National Retail Security Survey conducted at the University of Florida, a shrinkage rate of 1.51% translates to $36.3 billion in annual loss ($15.5 billion to employee theft and $12.9 billion to shoplifters).
Losada made his Germinal Beerschot debut on 5 August 2006 when he came on as a substitute for Daniel Quinteros in a 1–0 loss against Anderlecht.
He started the new year well when he scored two goals before being sent–off for a second bookable offence, in a 2–0 loss against K. Berchem Sport on 31 January 2016.
The key contribution of Rockafellar and Uryasev in their 2000 paper is to introduce the auxiliary function  for the expected shortfall:Where  and  is a loss function for a set of portfolio weights  to be applied to the returns.
If the loss of a portfolio  follows log-logistic distribution with p.d.f.
In large part because of white flight and suburbanization, the population loss perpetuated existing racial segregation and left people of color (mostly African Americans) in the city center.
The event underscored the dilution of the Simla Agreement and became a domestic issue as political parties, led by Benazir Bhutto's Peoples Party, blamed an incompetent military government under Zia ul-Haq for failing to defend Pakistani-held territory — while Zia downplayed the significance of the loss.
This format lasted until November 2002, as the loss of the syndicated Opie & Anthony show, as well as Wilks' acquisition of Modern Rocker "106.7 the End", caused the stations to flip to a Gospel format as "Praise 94.9".
Elisabeth was deeply saddened by the tragic loss of her only son, Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria following the Mayerling incident in 1889, and a year later she had this summer palace built as a refuge.
They write stories about murder, mayhem, love and loss upon a background of gentle Rhodes piano, pounding drums, screaming guitar, soaring cello and vocals, which have been described as both sweet and terrifying.
The loss was almost certainly Australia's worst weather-related maritime disaster in the twentieth century.
The loss led to Mark Rubin buying De Grey in 1912 with 63,000 sheep for a 100,000 pounds, and Mulyie and Warrawagine Stations in 1916 providing the wool for the British Army in WW1 and WW2.
– Severe shivering, loss of movement of fingers, blueness, and confusion.
"A truly wrenching what-if was the loss of the 1937 version of I, Claudius, with Charles Laughton as the limping, stuttering, intensely admirable soon-to-be-Roman-emperor Claudius," wrote Warren Clements of The Globe and Mail.
The loss of the middle class continued in Marshall Heights throughout the 1970s, destabilizing the neighborhood.
BCS #2 ranked LSU came into the national championship title game 12–1, with their one loss at home to #17 Florida 19–7.
He helped her get her life back together after the devastating loss of her restaurant by arson.
Fusionism saw its height during the presidency of Ronald Reagan, who had brought together the divided factions after Gerald Ford's loss in the 1976 election.
To compensate for the loss, Félix Amiot created in 1938 a new factory in his hometown Cherbourg.
Grünbein's works on Descartes' philosophy and its significance for the poetic subjectivity have been praised by prominent critics and thinkers for their depth and remarkable style, "one capable of conducting powerful and original thought with no loss of lyric intensity", notices Don Paterson.
In Round 6 Edwards recorded a career high 10 clearances in Richmond's loss to Port Adelaide .
In a round 2 loss to , Riewoldt suffered an apparently minor wrist injury.
The club started the 2015 season with a 2-1 loss against Chiapas, and this result caused them to become tied in the last position of the Liga MX relegation table with Puebla.
After the loss of 1 F-5A and 2 RF-5A in the battles, 20 F-5E "Tiger II" and 4 F-5F were acquired.
Before the loss of NASA's Mars Global Surveyor in November 2006, the facility also operated the Thermal Emission Spectrometer (TES) aboard the spacecraft.
When Wilsdorf heard of this, he offered to replace all watches that had been confiscated and not require payment until the end of the war, if the officers would write to Rolex and explain the circumstances of their loss and where they were being held.
The reasons these birds would not survive can vary, perhaps the loss of an eye or because they were raised by people.
After a 24–10 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals, the Falcons defeated the Tampa Bay Buccaneers by a score of 56–14 on Thursday Night Football.
In Week 5 against the Houston Texans, Ryan threw for 330 yards, three passing touchdowns, and one interception while adding a rushing touchdown in the 53–32 loss.
The Loss functions for classification is 
She was towed to Sheerness but declared a constructive total loss and not repaired.
An Occupation of Loss was co-commissioned by the Park Avenue Armory and Artangel.
Estimation of the loss of life 
Although his body is almost completely artificial, he suffers little loss in humanity.
After another loss to Oregon, they won 8 of their final 10 games, including a victory over Georgia Tech in the Humanitarian Bowl.
Moreover, it was formerly found in most habitats (from sea level to up to 2800 m) but is now confined to remote forests due to loss of habitat and heavy hunting by noose traps or trigger set bullets.
Prey base depletion, loss and conversion of habitat have led to a number of subpopulations becoming small and isolated.
Defending champion Amélie Mauresmo suffered an early loss to Lucie Šafářová, allowing Nicole Vaidišová to reach her second Grand Slam semifinal.
Alex Handscombe: Letting Go: A true story of murder, loss and survival by Rachel Nickell's son.
With Pryor's concussion preventing him from starting the next week against the Redskins, Flynn started and completed 21 out of 32 passes for 227 yards with one touchdown pass and one interception (which was returned for a Redskins touchdown) in a 24–14 loss.
 Sensory loss and/or numbness that is severe enough to not feel anything any more in the legs (not paralysis; movement is retained)
On 3 November 2018 Jonas reached 100 Primeira Liga goals for Benfica, in the second minute of a home game against Moreirense that ended in a shock 3–1 loss.
The 2003 loss to LSU decided the SEC Western Division Champion, and helped propel LSU to a national championship.
Loss of life was light, only 24 sailors being lost, some drowned, dead drunk.
Tenth patrol and loss
At the same time, the Spanish saw their chance to get revenge for the loss of their frigate and the Armada de Barlovento was also sent to hunt de Graaf down.
On 1 February 2015, he scored his first goal for Parma in a 1–3 away loss to Milan.
Nasril spent some time playing for Perak FA in their reserve squad, but an injury to first-choice keeper Mohd Hamsani Ahmad, coupled with the loss of form of usual back-up keeper Tay Sin Kiat forced coach Steve Darby to play Nasril.
There has been a complete and total loss of control by the government, and the only response has been to increase army presence, notably an army whose officials are often on the drug cartels payroll.
Many affected individuals also have vision loss caused by changes in the light-sensitive tissue that lines the back of the eye (the retina).
Later on, in a bar, Earl takes Virgil aside and explains to him that by dwelling on the loss of his football career, he isn't devoting himself to his wife and children in the way he should.
The conference grew to 11 schools in the mid-1970s, but for the most part has stabilized at nine schools since then with the only exception being the 6 year period between the addition of Wood Memorial in 2000 and loss of Forest Park in 2006 where the count was at 10.
List of known Tasmanian wrecks accompanied by loss of life, and others
One of the most successful U-boats to operate in Arctic waters, she operated from Norway during 1942–1943, and then from France in 1944–1945, sailing on 15 combat patrols, sinking ten merchant ships totalling  and damaging another of  enough for it to be written off as a total loss.
 Red background indicates loss
They faced little opposition from the Ryukyuans, who lacked any significant military capabilities, and who were ordered by King Shō Nei to surrender rather than to suffer the loss of precious lives.
A win over Calheta placed the club 6th, then a loss to AJAC on February 22 placed the club 8th.
In 1988, despite playing for the national team at the Olympics, he only played one international match, a May 14 loss to Colombia.
Flor Jovem suffered another loss, this one to Varandinha from Tarrafal and was fourth.
She hit the British 6,017 GRT tanker Shirvan setting her on fire, and when the Icelandic 1,542 GRT cargo ship Godafoss stopped, against orders, to pick up survivors from the tanker, she was also torpedoed, and sank within seven minutes with the loss of 24 lives, including four young children.
He had 57 tackles, 17 tackles for loss, and nine sacks in 35 career games at Michigan.
Plowing and herbicides to control undesirable weeds leave the soil exposed and susceptible to erosion – either by loss of topsoil (which is richer in nutrients), or from gullies.
Several times electrical arcs occurred between rotating and non-rotating parts of the spacecraft, causing it to enter safe mode, which led to total loss of the data from the 16th, 18th and 33rd orbits.
Although the railroad's passenger service as a whole carried more passengers in 1964 than in 1949, by 1964 all four daytime Zephyrs along the Mississippi operated at a loss.
On 9 January 2012, he was fired and replaced by Roberto Donadoni following Parma extended winless streak to six matches with a 5–0 loss to Inter.
Before the division was established, Oregon's record keeping had been delegated to various agencies resulting in disorganization and loss.
A heartbreaking 4OT loss to Missouri left many fans fed up with Dooley after a questionable call to play overtime rather than play for a game-winning field goal would deprive the Vols of a victory.
A week later (now pitching for the minor league Havana Cubans), he suffered a tough 1–0 loss against the Brooklyn Dodgers, allowing four hits and striking out eight.
Note, however, that between the cost at PTA and when the cost equals the ceiling price, the seller is still in a profitable position; only after costs exceed the ceiling price is the seller in a loss position.
For valuable data, RAID is only one building block of a larger data loss prevention and recovery scheme – it cannot replace a backup plan.
Smiljanić made his full debut on 22 August 2007, in a 2–3 loss against Belgium in Brussels for the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers.
The labor organization has initiated steps to recover the amount of the loss.
In 1949 the Buckeyes overcame an early lopsided loss to Minnesota to go on to a successful season, due in great part to the play of sophomore Vic Janowicz.
Following the loss to Florida, the team lost senior Troy Smith to the end of his college eligibility and juniors Ted Ginn Jr., Antonio Pittman, and Anthony Gonzalez to the NFL.
A post-mortem examination revealed that Barnes had died of massive blood loss from an anal injury, likely caused by the insertion of a large blunt object.
The match finished in a 0–1 loss for Stourbridge.
A post-traumatic stress spectrum or trauma and loss spectrum – work in this area has sought to go beyond the DSM category and consider in more detail a spectrum of severity of symptoms (rather than just presence or absence for diagnostic purposes), as well as a spectrum in terms of the nature of the stressor (e.g.
On 25 March 2002, a major earthquake shook Nahrin District, causing significant loss of life and enormous damage to infrastructure and water resources.
Efforts to build the Delta Flyer are boosted as it now becomes a race to recover the probe: the Malons want the probe as recompense for the loss of their freighter.
A risk is ALARP when it has been demonstrated that the cost of any further Risk reduction, where cost includes the loss of capability as well as financial or other resource costs, is grossly disproportionate to the benefit obtained from that Risk reduction.’
The programme helps Syrian refugee children cope with trauma and loss by making music, while also enhancing their skills to communicate and express themselves, and group cooperation.
In March 2013 ENRC was forced to write down a US$1.5bn (£1bn) loss due largely to an "onerous" locked in contract with the Russian aluminium company, Rusal with whom they must provide aluminium at what is now below market price (Telegraph 2013).
After his dismissal for a gritty 92, the Indian innings came to an end rather rapidly, as only a further 33 runs were added for the loss of five wickets, including that of Ganguly's who was dismissed for 73.
The Bulldogs completed the season with a 6–1–1, but its 46–0 loss to Vanderbilt was a big disappointment.
As a result, the team routinely lacked cohesion and without Defoe for a large part lacked a quality striker in front of goal – though Connolly's immediate impact (five in the nine opening league games) and positive attitude coupled with Harewood's form went some way to make up for the loss of the future England international.
Their only loss was a 35–10 setback to Virginia — a game in which Cody drop kicked a 20-yard field goal.
 LGD is the loss given default
2020: David Byrne and the Broadway production of American Utopia; Deirdre O'Connell; the New York theater community for perseverance in the face of loss during the COVID-19 pandemic
The loss of Jayakarta and the rise of Dutch Batavia
Reportedly despondent over the loss of his ship, Collier left the fleet and was allowed to take command of the Satisfaction spending the next 18 months off the Mexican coastline.
A key issue is removal of mature eucalypts with resulting loss of hollows available for nesting.
The U.S. forces held their position with the loss of 1,603 casualties, including 199 killed in action; they captured 250 German prisoners.
The king came to esteem Nicetius despite his often remonstrating with him on his wrongdoing without, however, any loss of favour.
The B-17s brushed the defenses aside and delivered their loads on Wilhelmshaven, while suffering the loss of 3 aircraft.
He replaced Arnie Mausser at halftime in a 5-0 loss to England on June 16, 1985.
In the quarter-finals, Owen scored early against the hosts Portugal, but England's challenge was affected by the loss of Rooney to a broken bone in his foot.
They showed interviews with its union workers who had been fired, and who criticized Romney for the loss of their jobs, with one saying, "I don't think Romney is creating jobs because he took every one of them away."
On February 6, 2017, Nebraska suffered their worst home defeat in program history, closing the regular season with a 36-point loss to Michigan.
One of McLaren's most noted achievements was that he was never stopped for a loss on a running play.
"It was the most disappointing loss of my career, college or pro," Kuberski said later.
China suffered an estimated loss of 23% of its electric requirements for northeast China, and other intelligence estimates stated that industrial output in 60% of its key industries in the Dairen region failed to meet production quotas.
Red background indicates regulation loss.
Failing to perform their necessary duties could result in a loss of power.
However, they suffered a loss of community confidence due to a bribery scandal which triggered an investigation by the Independent Commission Against Corruption.
According to MGM records the film made $743,000 in the US and Canada and $742,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $57,000.
Eventually, exhausted from the loss of blood, she collapsed in the river, and the already crying officer of Yugoslavian Partisans Army drew his pistol out of desperation and shot her in the right temple before he was also collapsing with loud screaming in the water.
But Witgood's creditors, angry over his apparent loss of a rich match, have him arrested; Witgood, however, claiming a pre-contract with the "widow", cons Hoard into paying his debts.
Clemson has yet to pass the regionals since the loss.
Liles would rebound very well after the loss, winning the WBA title from Steve Little and scoring wins over Merqui Sosa and Michael Nunn.
The data packets that originate from the sender are buffered at the accelerator node, which is responsible for performing local retransmissions in the event of packet loss.
Predation from introduced species and human impact are believed to be the biggest causes of species loss since European settlement.
After defeating the Pittsburgh Penguins in seven games, the Canadiens fell to the Philadelphia Flyers in the Eastern Conference Final with a 4–1 series loss.
While not generally regarded as dangerous to humans, bites from this species may result in localised swelling and loss of consciousness.
All the games between the 12 teams which went on strike were counted 0–0, with both teams become a loss counted.
The lawsuit alleged that EverBank, against the instructions of its customers, closed the "CDs" at an unreasonable exchange rate, resulting in a loss of much of the "CD" purchasers' principal.
This gives the Howe truss a level of redundancy which allows it to withstand excessive loading (such as the loss of a panel due to collison).
He retired after the loss to Buchanan in 1971.
Cancer should be suspected if there is previous history of cancer, unexplained weight loss, or low-back pain that does not decrease by lying down or is unremitting.
The sabotage aboard the submarine that nearly resulted in its sinking is based on the loss of the Royal Navy's  in Liverpool Bay in 1939.
He was recalled on December 23 and made his debut for the 76ers that night, recording 10 points and 5 rebounds in a loss to the Milwaukee Bucks.
On October 16, 1996, Benedetti earned his single cap with the national team in a 4–1 loss to Peru.
White background indicates overtime/shootout loss.
When Mayu was mourning over the loss of her brother who recently died, she'd stolen the puppy and called the pup by her brother's name - Keita, because she thought that the Dachshund might be her brother reincarnated.
In their urgent appealing for help, the defenders gravely exaggerated their loss to a ridiculously high amount, totaling ninety thousand, a number that was even rejected by the enemy.
Courneya claimed that the company experienced a loss of $300,000 in expected sales in October of that year.
Some people in the former Sowa area see the language as a part of their cultural heritage and lament its loss.
The extent of his madness drove him to vengeance, and even murder, on just about anyone who mocked his loss.
Loss of PpRAD51 causes marked hypersensitivity to the double-strand break-inducing agent bleomycin, indicating that homologous recombination is used for repair of somatic cell DNA damages.
In 1990, Buck would move over to CBS-TV to call the World Series and Scully returned to CBS Radio to take his place following NBC's loss of television rights.
A potential disadvantage is that loss of a single password will prevent access to all services using the SSO system, and moreover theft or misuse of such a password presents a criminal or attacker with many targets.
Their only loss other than to England was to Nottinghamshire.
It wasn't until on 26 December 2009 when he returned to the starting lineup, in a 4–0 loss against Aldershot Town.
Keeble's first full season at Newcastle began with a 4–2 loss in the Charity Shield against Manchester United.
Dr. Stanley also showed that the bacterial invasion of teeth could destroy the cells and cause a loss of tooth vitality.
He made his Premier League debut on the opening day of the 2013–14 season when he came off the substitute's bench in a 2–0 loss against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
Although the United States government claimed the loss of the Normandie was an accident, many Americans were skeptical and thought the destruction was planned by the Nazis.
The first intercollegiate athletic event at Rutgers was a baseball game on May 2, 1866 against Princeton in which they suffered a 40–2 loss.
Australia then proceeded to defeat Paraguay 1–0, before suffering a 3–0 loss to Egypt in Cairo.
Beharall made his first Premier League start and his debut for Newcastle in the 3–1 loss against Everton on 17 April 1999.
On 21 February 2007, just 51 days after the loss of Flight 574, Flight 172, an Adam Air Boeing 737-300 aircraft (registration PK-KKV) flying from Jakarta to Surabaya had a hard landing at Juanda International Airport.
In a live environment, risks arise from  unexpected competition, infringement, invalidation and loss of trade secrets, political and economic risks, etc.
Following a road loss to the Texans, the Chiefs stayed on the road as they played the defending NFC champion Chicago Bears in a Week 2 interconference fight.
With their eighth consecutive loss, the Chiefs fell to 4–11, their worst record in 20 years.
That is because Mishio knows the mysterious and magical workings of the town, and she has experienced the loss that comes from asking for a miracle first hand.
He made his debut for Dalian on 9 March 2013 in a 1-0 loss to Shandong Luneng.
The Tech defense added four sacks to the effort led by Gary Guyton who accounted for 8 solo tackles and three tackles for loss.
An assessment of the potential impact of climate change on this species found that it was likely to be driven to extinction by loss of habitat by 2080, even under mild climate change scenarios.
Lower quality evidence has found conflicting results, including enhanced sensation, no difference, or loss of sensation.
On January 10, 2018, he recorded 26 points and 12 rebounds off the bench in a 122–119 double overtime loss to the Chicago Bulls.
The earthquake was heavily felt in the industrialized and densely populated urban area of the country, including oil refineries, several automotive plants, and the Turkish navy headquarters and arsenal in Gölcük, increasing the severity of the loss of life and property.
Paynter asked Tucker if he would play on loan to Athenian League side Finchley against Leyton the following Saturday and after that game, despite a 3–0 loss, both West Ham and Finchley were after him.
In 2019, Coleman guest-starred in Gregg Araki's Now Apocalypse and critically acclaimed series Sorry For Your Loss.
Upon unlocking all of the upgrades, a hidden "Coke Head" mode can be activated by pressing the Triangle button, which allows the player to move and fire at twice the speed, at a cost of 50% of their health and loss of aiming accuracy.
The issue went to trial, with damages eventually being awarded to the Grand Junction Company for loss of trade while the canal was out of action, and the cost of the replacement aqueduct.
Tiffert started throughout the Sounders' games in August, including a loss on penalties to Sporting Kansas City in the U.S. Open Cup Final, including a saved penalty against Tiffert.
In a student vs teacher matchup, the Bears shut out the Cowboys, handing them their worst loss in franchise history, as well as the first time they were shut out in 15 years.
This is important as loss of minority carriers from the base to the emitter degrades analog performance.
Although she was heartbroken over the loss of two of her loves, Julie eventually moved on with her life, but did not forget either one of them.
The loss in performance this caused was attributed entirely due to credit effects.
This loss was attributed to fatigue over a previous groin injury in the semifinal victory over Gilles Simon.
As part of a major consolidation, Faccenda closed the factory in Sutton Benger, Wiltshire in 2008, with the loss of 450 jobs, moving all production to the Brackley site in Northamptonshire.
He got a rematch with Albarado 7 months later, on January 21, 1975, and managed to avenge his loss with a 15-round decision win to regain the Lineal, WBC and WBA titles.
Steel frames and sheet metal in walls or roofs may partially or fully reflect radio signals, causing signal loss or multipath problems.
He scored his first goal for the club after permanently transferring to them on 11 April 2014 in a 5–2 loss to Guangzhou Evergrande.
Variants in GJB2 are being used to determine age of onset, as well as severity of hearing loss.
The introduction of FLASH MRI sequences in diagnostic imaging for the first time allowed for a drastic shortening of the measuring times without a substantial loss in image quality.
Eusebio would also hit a home run in the last game played at the Astrodome, a 7–5 loss to the Atlanta Braves in the 1999 National League Division Series.
Books About Trauma, Tragedy and Loss, 2002, CBC
Despite the loss of the Z28, Camaro sales remained steady for 1975 at 145,770 units.
At the of September 2021, Air Asia X Bhd reported a quarterly loss of $5.9 billion.
In 2014, two Republican incumbents representing swing districts in North Central Idaho lost re-election, but picked up one seat previously held by a Democrat in the same region for net loss for Republicans of one seat.
The Vols handed #3 Kentucky, coached by Bear Bryant, its only loss and defeated #3 Texas in the Cotton Bowl Classic en route to an 11–1 record.
With the loss of the Lordship of the Isles in 1493, these links were severed, leading to nearly two centuries of conflict for their possession, primarily between the MacDonalds, the McLeans and the Campbells.
Though he saw limited playing time in just under two seasons in Tampa Bay, he was a reserve in the Rowdies' 3–1 loss to the Cosmos in Soccer Bowl '78.
A week after the Dallas playoff loss, Coach Pardee stunned the team by resigning to take the head coaching position of the Washington Redskins (George Allen having been fired after the Redskins were eliminated from the playoffs by a Bears overtime victory over the New York Giants in the last game of the regular season).
But on a 4th down conversion attempt, Giants defensive end John Washington plowed through Jim Covert's block attempt and tackled fullback Brad Muster for a loss.
| 2010-05-29 || Loss ||align=left| Hesdy Gerges || It's Showtime 2010 Amsterdam || Amsterdam, Netherlands || DQ (Kicked downed opponent) || 2 || 0:48
The following is a comprehensive list of the 35 known extant species of sillaginids, with a number of the species still in doubt due to the loss of the holotype specimen.
Anderson began his 2018 season with a loss to eventual runner-up Phil Taylor in the quarter-finals of the 2018 World Championship, failing to reach the finals for the first time in 4 years.
This meant a net loss of 4.3 percentage points of vote share and 30 seats overall.
22 December – eight crew of the Hoylake life-boat in the Mersey estuary are drowned on service;  is wrecked on Texel in the West Frisian Islands with the loss of 500 lives.
On January 17, 2016, he made six combined tackles in a 23–16 divisional loss to the eventual Super Bowl champions, the Denver Broncos.
The ends of words often have sound laws that apply there only, and many such special developments consist of the loss of a segment.
This defeat marked the third straight loss for Akiyama in the UFC.
Losing a pugil stick also resulted in an automatic loss.
Iliev made his second Slavia debut as a substitute in a 1–0 home loss against Kaliakra Kavarna on 31 July.
Following the loss of several of its key leaders in late 2004, remnants of Jennet were re-organized and transformed into Sharia Jamaat (Arabic for "Islamic Law Community").
If the gap is small, the gap loss will be small, but if the gap is very large, it may totally corrupt the signal.
The lightning caused 14 forest fires in Merced County, resulting in a loss of power to over 3,500 customers in and around the Atwater area.
It wasn't until on 29 April 2017 when Danzé returned to the starting line–up, in a 2–0 loss against SC Bastia.
This was the last-recorded battle between the Cornish and Wessex, and resulted in the loss of Cornish independence.
John and Natalie, begin to heal from the loss of their loved ones.
With the loss, the Seahawks fell to 9–5.
Points are awarded for each game, where two points are awarded for a win, one point for losing in overtime or a shootout, and zero points for a loss in regulation.
Australia then nearly held on for a draw to Spain however conceded a goal scored by Mikel Oyarzabal in the 81st minute, ending the game with a 1–0 loss.
But after hard times of torment about his loss, the artist, geared to the soil and hands-on machinery of the farm, became a sculptor.
The Filipinos, mostly led by Filipino-American players, were handed a heart-breaking loss to host South Korea in the semis thanks to a Lee Sang-Min buzzer-beating three-pointer.
Miliev earned his first cap for Bulgaria on 3 March 2010 in the 0:2 away loss against Poland in a friendly match.
However, because of a new NCAA rule, a bad snap to the punter which resulted in a loss of 42 yards came off the rushing total.
Sturgeon tend to be long-lived, slow-maturing, and spawn infrequently, which have served the species well through evolutionary time but poorly to anthropogenic impacts like overharvesting, habitat loss, and degradation.
Redell served as head coach at Crespi Carmelite High School in Encino, California, where in 1986, he led the Celts to a 13-1 record and the CIF-SS Big Five Conference Championship, avenging their only regular season loss with a 49-14 victory over St.John Bosco High at Anaheim Stadium.
Scoring once in a 2–2 away draw against Hibernian on 27 April, and scoring another goal in a 2–1 away loss against Motherwell on 12 May.
In its first year of operation from August 1, 2008, to July 31, 2009, the line carried 18.7 million riders and generated ¥1.1 billion in revenues, which resulted in a loss of ¥0.7 billion.
In May 1894, The New York Times reported that Clarke had been "fairly effective," except in the first inning, and hit a "beautiful home run" in a loss to Harvard.
The system is therefore fail-safe, since loss of code will result in a red indication on the ADU.
Spencer pitched in two tackles and a sack in the Wild Card game against Philadelphia, and had an outstanding game against the Vikings in the Divisional Round, recording 10 tackles and a sack in a 34-3 Dallas loss.
His lone appearance came against the Buffalo Bills, where he was 2-of-6 for 53 yards and two interceptions in a 19–0 loss.
On June 10, 2006, the Koyotes handed Wichita their first loss of the season, beating the Aviators 37-34 at Landon Arena in Topeka, KS.
Marie, giving them a net loss of over £8,000 for that year.
On January 16, 2019, in a 145–142 overtime loss to the Brooklyn Nets, Gordon had 20 points in his return after missing eight games with a bruised right knee.
However, the appointment was not ratified by the Senate before Carter's election loss, and so it was with Ronald Reagan's re-appointment in 1981 that he became Ambassador to Czechoslovakia.
He made his Orlando City debut on July 18, getting the start in a 2–0 loss to the New York Red Bulls.
All were sentenced to life imprisonment and loss of goods, although most were pardoned after Queen Catherine's execution.
The first match to be played on the new ground was a loss against Leicester Westleigh.
Within that context, masturbation qualifies to be called a sin...Finally, as with every other sin, masturbation leads to spiritual weakness and loss of intimacy with God."
Profits fell during the war years, a loss being recorded in 1943.
In addition to her father’s memory loss, his speech begins to fail.
In addition, the war caused Congress a severe loss of prestige.
He went on to compile a 4-1 professional record with his only loss coming via TKO to Fabrício Werdum.
In a BREEAM environmental performance assessment, the Butler, Tuke and Williamson halls were rated "Very Good", as their construction was designed to reduce heat loss.
However, many BBC radio executives and listeners were unhappy about the loss of the FM stereo service, so when the conflict ended on 2 March 1991 as the rolling news service stopped.
He started in the Arizona Cardinals’ season-opener at the St. Louis Rams and made four combined tackles and a pass deflection during a 27-24 loss.
The loss of rights may cause a blasphemer's marriage to be dissolved, religious acts to be rendered worthless, and claims to property—including any inheritance—to be rendered void.
Game three was Martin Brodeur's eleventh career postseason shutout, and it was also the first home shutout loss for the Penguins since 1975.
Due to the loss of oxygen and to escape their attackers, Zeamer dived the B-17 violently from  to approximately , estimating the altitude by an increase in engine manifold pressure.
The results were wins against Philipp Kohlschreiber and Fernando Verdasco and a loss against Gilles Simon.
This was followed by another penalty goal in the next match against Ironi Ramat Hasharon which ended in a 1–2 home loss.
The pose was practised from the 17th century onwards in hatha yoga under names such as Narakasana, Kapalasana and Viparitakaranasana; its purpose as a mudra was to reverse the downflow and loss of the life-giving substance (amrita) through the use of gravity.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Seahawks, the Bears went home for a Week 12 interconference duel with the Denver Broncos.
He completed senior season with 44 tackles, nine tackles for loss and three sacks.
In 2012, due to an injury to Kevin Hartman, who was dealing with back spasms, Seitz started against Vancouver Whitecaps FC in a 0–1 loss for Dallas.
Scanga's research revealed that it was not simply the blight and natural forces that caused so enormous a loss, but the presence in Ireland of a domineering political force—Great Britain.
She reported about the significant loss of ice at the poles and their importance for the whole ecosystem of the earth.
The group also suffered its first combat loss on this mission, when a B-29 of the 870th squadron was shot down over the target area.
Arkansas entered the game coming off of a loss to then-#7 ranked Texas at Texas by a score of 52–10.
In 1987, Hantak debuted with the United States men's national soccer team in a June 8 3–1 loss to Egypt at the 1987 President's Cup in South Korea.
This loss was followed two days later by a Christmas Day 0–2 defeat against Queens Park Rangers.
It cited a loss of £1.1 million between 1998 and its closure.
Double or nothing (UK often double or quits) is a gamble to decide whether a loss or debt should be doubled.
24 August – The U.S. barque Ocean Monarch is burnt out off the Great Orme, North Wales, with the loss of 178, chiefly emigrants.
The 2000s and 2010s saw the Social Democratic party's further loss of influence, though it would return to government in 2014 under Stefan Löfven.
It is ultimately about a man's quest to reconcile himself with the father he scarcely knew and come to terms with the loss of not knowing that man.
2021 will be Ziggo's last season after nine years of broadcasting as their confirmed the loss of the broadcast licence.
Mr. Grant a refugee, barely escaping with his life and only with the loss of all his effects.
Dealing with German wars, this album creates an intense atmosphere of defeat and loss while using danceable beats and marching melodies.
A leaf sensor is a phytometric device (measurement of plant physiological processes) that measures water loss or the water deficit stress (WDS) in plants  by real-time monitoring the moisture level in plant leaves.
 Introducing reduced periodontium to the classification to take into account patients with loss of attachment in the absence of periodontitis and post-periodontal treatment
Sherman retired from active service on December 31, 1870, as a major-general for "Disability caused by the Loss of a Leg in Battle".
Three weeks later, he scored an own goal in a 1–0 home loss against Panathinaikos in the first round of the tournament.
The principal (in our example the $100,000) is at risk of loss when owning the index outright.
In his first varsity game, Mount scored a game-high 28 points in a last-second, two-point loss to a top-ranked UCLA team and Lew Alcindor.
On April 7, he started the first game in Brewers history, allowing four runs in three innings and taking the loss in a 12–0 defeat to the Angels at Milwaukee County Stadium.
Morrison finished with 37 in the loss but was still named Tournament MVP after matching the then four-game scoring total.
Loss of position also tends to give incorrect signals to the horse, and if it creates a stiff seat, will make the horse move stiffly, discourage impulsion, suppleness, and forwardness, and therefore decrease the benefit of the exercise.
Alison suffers sleep loss and horrible nightmares involving her father and soon begins to suffer blinding headaches.
Cutting and running could also be used to gain a time advantage when using the tide to escape, but involved the loss of an anchor; in a long engagement, where this could happen more than once, a ship could run out of anchors, leaving it helpless before the tide, or have to sacrifice its cannon to jury-rig a replacement.
It wasn't until on 17 November 2018 when he returned to the first team from injury and set up a goal for Ollie Banks, in a 3–2 loss against Crewe Alexandra.
However, along with the unseen/unaccounted for economic contribution, the work toll and the loss of opportunity and the physical and mental drainout is also substantial.
Proportional reduction in loss (PRL) is a general framework for developing and evaluating measures of the reliability of particular ways of making observations which are possibly subject to errors of all types.
Its predations result in the loss of up to 20% of summer working days in the forestry industry.
The ability the war-generation had to create new meaning after traumas and loss of meaning has inspired the work with Blåne for blåne.
Hardcore fans may take offense to the lack of any songs challenging God, government, or society in general, but it's their loss.
He cites an example where the friends and adherents of David, first Earl of Cassilis, met at the Cassilis dule-tree to lament, for several days, his loss at the disastrous Battle of Flodden in 1513.
The following 10 April, in a 1–0 loss to former team Bradford, he was headbutted by teammate Stefan Payne, who was sent off.
The shin injury affected him for most of the remainder of the year as was evident in his first loss when he returned to racing for September's St Leger Stakes, where he finished fifth behind winner Robert the Devil.
The CBMN method is used for the assessment of chromosomal loss, breakage, and associated apoptosis and necrosis induced by different mutagens.
U.S. Army troopship USAT Antilles was torpedoed and damaged in the Bay of Biscay by German submarine  with the loss of 67 lives.
Those funds had two share classes: auction-rate preferred shares that hold first claim on the underlying assets (and pay income at rates set in weekly auctions), and common shares that typically pay higher income in exchange for greater risk of loss of principal.
The season opened with a 7–0 loss to Auburn.
From 2002 to mid-2006, Siegal licensed U.S. Medical Care Holdings LLC to open franchised weight loss centers.
The airline embarked upon a major asset disposal programme to compensate for this significant revenue loss and to have sufficient funds to keep the business running.
| The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond
In the 2013 general election, in which the PdL suffered a dramatic loss of votes, the party ran stronger in Campania (29.0%), Apulia (28.9%), and Sicily (26.5%).
The effective loss given default () applicable to a collateralized transaction can be expressed as
This could eventually increase the potential for phosphorus loss.
It is best to identify pathological attrition at an early stage to prevent unnecessary loss of tooth structure as enamel does not regenerate.
Heat regulation: the skin contains a blood supply far greater than its requirements which allows precise control of energy loss by radiation, convection and conduction.
He pitched to a 2.70 ERA over 20 games for Atlanta and appeared in the 2003 MLB playoffs playing in two games in a 3-2 Division Series loss to the Chicago Cubs.
After an unrelated, and routine, tonsillectomy there was complete flaccid paralysis and loss of feeling in both the legs, right arm, and muscles in the trunk.
However, the defeat at Sellasia in 222 BC and the attendant great loss in manpower led to reliance on mercenaries, who were the basis of power for Machanidas and Nabis, his successors.
At one point during a 2–1 loss against West Ham United, he was involved in altercation with teammate David Dunn after conceding the equalising and the argument carried on in the dressing room at half-time.
In a follow–up match, he scored his first goal for the club in his second spell for the club, in a 2–1 loss against Dynamo Moscow.
With the loss, not only did the Raiders fall to 0–2, but they had lost 11-straight games (currently the NFL's longest losing streak) dating back to Week 9 of the 2006 season.
2016–2017: Finals loss and fourth championship
He was accused of corruption after refereeing a match between Jaguares de Chiapas and Cruz Azul, which Chiapas won 1–0; the match was crucial for Chiapas aspirations, since the team was involved in relegation and a loss would have been critical.
UCLA opened its season with a last minute 20-16 win over #7 Tennessee (the Vols only loss that regular season), and reached #2 before tying Oregon State 16–16 on November 4.
Académica recently made two straight wins before a four-goal draw with Morrerense on March 4, Académica da Calheta recently suffered a loss to Onze Unidos, they have 11 points and 12 goals scored, shared as last in the region alongside Santana and Marítimo.
Graham undeterred by the loss returned to for the World Victory Road Presents: Sengoku 4, where he again he fought valiantly in a much closer match against French grappler Moise Rimbon but Graham was submitted early in the second round.
Although this earthquake was much more powerful than the 1994 Northridge earthquake, the damage and loss of life were minimized by its location in the sparsely-populated Mojave Desert.
The craft fully recovered within two days, with some data loss on Jupiter's magnetotail.
Annual revenue hit an all-time high that year, coming in at $1.15 billion but the company lost $2.5 million, the first annual loss since 1985.
Hedge accounting is an accountancy practice, the aim of which is to provide an offset to the mark-to-market movement of the derivative in the profit and loss account.
Despite receiving critical acclaim, the film was a box office failure, and Haasan had to work seven to eight years to recover from the loss he incurred.
The 41 points were the most scored against Texas in Austin since UCLA handed the Longhorns a 66–3 loss in 1997.
Beard's proposals led to backlash from both volunteers and listeners, who feared the potential loss of the station's identity and cancellations of specialty shows.
While refusing to submit to conventional rules of publishing only popular or profitable books, he used to take on himself to publish every book submitted to him, publishing over 1000 books, often at a personal loss.
Significant developments may occur such as loss of employment, divorce, becoming housebound, psychiatric hospitalization, and suicide attempts.
Conservation programs can struggle to fight bigger issues like habitat loss and illness.
Then in the Big East opener against Rutgers, Andrews recorded two tackles and a tackle for a loss.
the background round-trip loss.
They were one of the early pioneers of football in the area and were the main team in the town until the loss of their ground and the emergence of other local sides.
25 January – armed merchantman  is sunk by mines off Lough Swilly with the loss of 354 of the 475 aboard.
Giving up nine sacks and two fumbles, and having negative 8-yards rushing, the Irish lost 33–3 in their most lopsided season opening loss in the history of the program.
Side effects of pyrovalerone include anorexia or loss of appetite, anxiety, fragmented sleep or insomnia, and trembling, shaking, or muscle tremors.
A home loss to 14th-ranked Arkansas was the lone blemish during the 13-game stretch, a game that featured a shouting and shoving episode, famous in SWC lore, between Lemons and Eddie Sutton after Sutton had admonished Texas player Johnny Moore on the court.
17 North Carolina State, 69–68, and an 80–68 loss to Alaska Anchorage.
"I have a personal share in the untimely loss of my co-workers, for they were my friends, too," Patrick said.
In spite of the money received from salvage and timber he made a huge loss on the purchase which seems to have been animated by anti-Catholic sentiment, the Duke of Norfolk having been a leading Catholic aristocrat.
Others can be harmful if they were to result in a loss of function of genes needed for survival.
After he suffered a season-ending shoulder injury in a loss to USC, Stanford lost its two remaining games, finishing with a 5-5 record.
He was sacked by Ascoli on 27 January 2020 following a 0–1 home loss to Frosinone that left the club to the bottom half of the Serie B league table.
With the loss of the parachuting role and the coveted "Red Beret", significant numbers of the unit transferred to other TA units that still retained a parachute role.
Green returned from the suspension on October 2 and had seven receptions for 119 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in a 29–27 road loss to Colorado.
It would avoid the use of the upper parts of the Monmouthshire Railway's Eastern Valley altogether; at the time the Monmouthshire company was suffering from a competitive disadvantage due to failure to modernise, and this new move threatened the further loss of a very considerable part of that company's business.
In circles of Ukrainian political emigrants a hope was burning that the loss is not yet final and the Soviet regime could still be overthrown.
The proposed alignment for the California High-Speed Rail project would require the loss of the station or the demolition of about 25 condominiums.
At a press conference on December 21, 2008, following the Lions' 42–7 loss to the New Orleans Saints, Detroit News sports columnist Rob Parker addressed a question about Barry to Rod Marinelli, inquiring whether Marinelli wished that his daughter had "married a better defensive coordinator."
In 1999, ASTM E2026 was produced in order to “standardize” the nomenclature for seismic loss estimation, as well as establish some guidelines as to the level of review and qualifications of the reviewer.
For 60 years Gaines had blamed himself for the loss, as he believed his replacement had not secured the aft engine room hatch, one of Gaines' final checks before diving.
The film recorded a loss of $886,494.
He often seemed to feel under pressure as a yokozuna, suffering from weight loss and lack of sleep.
It also forms lava tubes where the minimal heat loss maintains low viscosity.
The depressed state of the money market immediately made the raising of subscriptions difficult, and the company suffered a major loss when the timber viaduct at Newport, almost completed, was burnt down on 31 May 1848, being completely destroyed.
Although fund transfer price does not distort the analysis of the overall financial performance of the organization, using fund transfer pricing some business units may be making a loss even though the organization is profitable.
Matters were complicated when it was announced that starting quarterback John David Booty would not start due to a broken middle finger on his throwing hand, suffered during the previous week's loss.
Obertan provided an assist for Ben Afra, in a 2–1 loss against Arsenal on 12 March 2012.
 4 January – City of Dublin Steam Packet Company  is wrecked on the Western Rocks, Isles of Scilly, with the loss of 61 of the 65 onboard; at least 20 other ships run aground round the British Isles today.
The home loss leaves the Eagles at 5–8.
Since the last match of the 2012–13 season, Paulense had not had a loss away.
When communication is not available, writing down ones thoughts would be helpful to prevent productivity loss.
After Peoria's loss to San Antonio on November 17, Riksman announced that he had quit the team and was returning to Finland, leading to a suspension by Rivermen general manager Kevin McDonald.
On 13 August 2019, he scored a brace in Johan Cruyff Arena in a 3–2 away loss against Ajax as PAOK went out 5–4 on aggregate after another thrilling encounter between the two teams in 2019–20 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round.
Despite this, Trestman spoke with confidence that he would be back as the Bears' head coach next season following a 13–9 loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 loss against Leeds United on 13 September 2016.
The major yield loss is due to stem canker.
The final scene of the series shows Jackie mourning Flipper's loss, then he's shown to be alive and the show ends with them playing in the water and she says "Everything's gonna be just fine".
The technique is a corporate budget system for addressing and mitigating legal, political, social, economic, and technological loss.
In his newer paintings, Rasher continues to probe deeply into the hallucinatory world of love and loss that has marked his work from the beginning.
Sakuragi's most recognizable trait is his red hair, though he later shaves his head as reparation for an error that led to a loss in the Interhigh Tournament against Kainan.
55 Toyota Camry driven by the owner with both their crew chief indefinitely suspended along with their vice president of competition, a fine of $100,000 (US$) and a loss of both 100 owner and driver points.
Loeb's run on the series included the crossover event Our Worlds at War, which saw the destruction of Topeka, Kansas, serious damage to Clark Kent's nearby hometown of Smallville, and Superman adopting a costume of more somber colors to mourn the heavy loss of life during the event.
He was later called to play during 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification, being an unused substitute in a loss to Honduras.
Beebe had survived the attack despite a severe cut to her chin, the collapse of both lungs, and the loss of about half the blood in her body.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,044,000 at the box office, resulting in a loss of $549,000.
India was 120 for 1 at close on the first day, and added another 125 without loss before lunch on the second.
to 36/4 but they reached their target with 5 minutes to spare for the loss of only one further wicket.
Also, it holds the record of being without a loss that is a combined South Zone championship-cup-super cup matches numbering about 60 and the winning run lasted until April 23 but not on home matches.
Sam, after learning that Matt had saved Josh's life, apologizes to the Turners for his actions and for the loss of Lassie.
The destruction of the Saraswathy Mahal library of Nallur and the burning of Jaffna library led to the loss of a large tract of Sri Lankan Tamil literature, although much survives through oral traditions and the unearthing and preservation of palm-leaf manuscripts, copper plate inscriptions & stone inscriptions .
As season two progresses, Magnus grapples with denial, then grief, and finally accepts the loss of Ashley.
In any case, the premium is income to the issuer, and normally a capital loss to the option holder.
When Savitri was recovering from the loss of her friend, Kumar's family came to propose to her.
On 31 October 2009, the third game of the 2009 season, Gallinari scored a career-high 30 points and made eight three-pointers in an overtime loss to the Philadelphia 76ers, one short of tying a Knicks franchise record held by Latrell Sprewell and John Starks.
The first game for the team however, would turn out to be a loss against the heavily favoured United States 67–88.
The aircraft was destroyed with the loss of all passengers (137) and crew (7).
Although it is now known that his claims of loss were somewhat exaggerated, Britain had recently waged war against Spain and seemed ready to resume hostilities; Parliament readied the fleet in the Nootka Crisis.
It was the first time the Packers had lost a home NFC Championship game, and only their third home playoff loss ever.
Upon returning to the boardroom for the final stage, the host and his advisors continue interrogating the remaining players about their loss.
The airline's failure to secure leases on the Airbus A340-300 aircraft saw the Boeing 747-200B operate services to New York JFK and a subsequent loss in operating revenues and eventual closure of the company.
Habitat loss has occurred through the harvesting of sago and conversion of the wetlands to rice cultivation, and the rail is eaten by local people.
It has been speculated that the loss of several prominent anchors (such as JCPenney, Gordmans, Old Navy, and Borders Books & Music) and the threat of losing others (most notably Sears) was a large contributing factor to a steep reduction in price.
The MCC team attributed this loss largely to the voyage from Wellington to Christchurch in rough weather in an overcrowded ship – 660 passengers where there was accommodation for only 360 – and the fact that they had no time to recover.
After his loss to Risko, the legendary trainer Ray Arcel worked with Yarosz for months to rehabilitate his knee, heating and massaging it, and supervising his work with weights.
However, the speedy winger was snapped up by Warriors FC just before the start of the 2016 S.League season and made his debut as a substitute in a 3–1 loss against Brunei DPMM.
He would also start in the penalty shootout loss to FC Steaua București in the final.
This win and the New York Mets loss to the Florida Marlins gave them the NL East title.
The crisis resulted in rising prices in Cameroon, trade deficits, and loss of government revenue.
This insanity greatly prospered after Roya (as a child) had given Morocco a rose as a gift, which pricked his finger, causing for a minor amount of blood loss.
It led to loss of 93 people and property worth millions of shillings.
The former got consolidated after India's loss in the first-class tour game against Queensland.
Yield loss is primarily due to reduced kernel weight, but both kernels per head and number of heads
The loss of ecclesiastical patronage created a crisis for native craftsmen and artists, who turned to secular patrons.
This reaction is involved in the browning of food during cooking but also the loss of sugar during glucose production from corn wet-milling.
On 31 October 1780 the brig-sloop HMS Ontario was foundered during a violent storm and was sunk east of Fort Niagara on Lake Ontario with the loss of 80 lives including one officer, 34 other ranks, four women and five children from the regiment.
Due to ongoing habitat loss, limited range and overhunting in some areas, the Moluccan megapode is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
In the first match, she took 2/38 from ten overs and made 24 in a 56-run loss.
Annan made his Osasuna debut on 22 September 2012, where he came on as a substitute in the 75th minute, in a 3–1 loss against Real Zaragoza.
Mompellion succumbs wholly to grief and the total loss of his faith in God.
The next game, Orton led the Chiefs to a close loss in overtime against the Oakland Raiders, ending their hopes of a playoff bid.
Loss Creek begins at an unnamed confluence at a point north of the settlement of Jordan River at an elevation of .
Out of nearly 400 Marines, the two Companies suffered 84 killed, 190 wounded and 9 missing making this the worst one-day loss for the Marines in Vietnam.
At the time, The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote that the sale would "feel like the loss of a family" to her.
Ignoring the subsidies, in 2016 PLN experienced a loss of Rp 31.63 trillion.
Disasters often expose pre-existing societal inequalities that lead to disproportionate loss of property, injury, and death (Wisner, Blaikie, Cannon, & Davis, 2004).
Their third match would be at home to France, who had also begun with a bad loss, 3–1 to Austria in Vienna.
The following season was no better, as the one NHL game that Richarson started ended in a loss with the score of 7–0 going to the Boston Bruins.
Its efforts focus on stopping overfishing, reducing bykill caused by indiscriminate fishing gear, and stemming the loss of critical marine habitat.
 P. Beckley, Single Sided Power Loss Testers, IIT Conference, May 2001
One notable loss was his ten-round bout with Olympic Champion Jackie Fields on November 22, 1927 at Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles.
2006 saw Omneya avenged the Hurghada loss the previous year when she turned the tables in a pulsating Hurghada final to win the event in front of ecstatic home supporters.
This leads to a smaller, paracentral bitemporal field loss.
A too-aggressive downtilting strategy will however lead to an overall loss of coverage due to cells not overlapping.
The loss marked the beginning of a reversal in the second half of the season which saw the Bears winning only one game out of the next six and dropping out of the Top 25 entirely.
In March 2008, SCi Games closed down fourteen operating projects to counter an  net loss from the preceding fiscal year, leading to rumours that Pivotal Games was also to be closed.
His mother is now suffering from mental illness and memory loss.
The match ended in a 0–1 loss.
In total, Wilcox managed 28 consecutive games without defeat, with his first loss coming in the penultimate game of the season on 26 April 2014 away to Exeter City.
They played their first game against Mount Union College, a 120–9 loss.
Immigration from outside the United States resulted in a net increase of 820,388 people, and migration within the country produced a net loss of about 800,213.
Quinn helps him get his job back and make peace with the loss of his wife so he can move on and the two fall in love.
On 22 September 2010, Ilan made his debut for Internacional in a 1–0 loss against Atlético Paranaense.
Loss of German patents
Having represented the Sweden U17, U19, and U21 teams, Holmén made his full international debut for Sweden on 11 November 2006 in a friendly 1–0 loss to the Ivory Coast when he came on as a substitute for Petter Hansson in the 85th minute.
Scotland defeated Macedonia 2–0 in the first of those two games at Hampden, but were eliminated by a 1–0 loss to the Netherlands in the second game.
Other earthquake catalogs presented estimates of the loss of life in the range of 35,000–50,000, with a further 60,000–105,000 that were injured.
Growing up, I was keenly aware of the loss my mother felt as well as the great love and admiration she had for her father, a quiet country man who raised his three children alone in those desperate times, often working day and night to support them."
During the COVID-19 pandemic that disrupted the season, the team was revealed to have received a loan from the Paycheck Protection Program along with numerous other race teams and race tracks to keep employees on the payroll and protect from any potential loss of sponsors.
Named for the long-standing department store that once towered over the city's downtown, the album became a compelling snapshot of the typical American small town-turned-suburb with a fiery resistance to the impending loss of its own culture.
where we can assume without loss of generality .
After defeating the Detroit Lions 16–12 in the NFC Wild Card Game, the season ended in a 35–9 loss to the Dallas Cowboys in an NFC Divisional Playoff Game.
Hard landings can vary in their consequences, from mild passenger discomfort to vehicle damage, structural failure, injuries, and/or loss of life.
Their first game was a 40–7 loss against Slippery Rock University on September 1, 2001.
His first appearance for the Blue Jays came on August 19, in a 6–1 loss to the Milwaukee Brewers.
On April 18, 1991, following a 124–107 loss to Shell at the close of the first round of the 1991 PBA First Conference semifinals, Dalupan tendered his resignation due to differences with Purefoods management.
He also made his European debut in the 3–0 away loss against Werder Bremen in the UEFA Cup.
This scorched earth policy led to the loss of 30,000 Ottoman troops as they made their way through the Zagros mountains and Suleiman decided to abandon his campaign.
Poland paid for the first one with the loss of Inflanty (Duchy of Livonia) and Estonia, Lubomirski's action cost the country Kiev and Smolensk.
The shooting of guns for recreational use can lead to hearing loss in the high frequencies.
At this point his body erupts in an inexplicable metamorphosis and it becomes clear that his modifications were much more involved and esoteric than simple memory loss.
Although it expanded rapidly during the 1950s and 1960s, the navy was unable to keep pace with loss or deterioration of older vessels in the 1970s.
He was dismissed the following 14 April, following a 1–2 home loss against Extremadura UD.
Amalgamated showed a net loss for the fiscal year, the first time since the company had founded that they lost money.
He totaled 157 tackles, which ranked third in the nation, three interceptions, 10 tackles for loss and one sack while compiling eight games of at least 10 tackles, and added first-team All-Big 12 Conference recognition from the league coaches and was selected as the Associated Press Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year.
28 February - 1985 Newry mortar attack: The Provisional Irish Republican Army carries out a mortar attack on the Royal Ulster Constabulary police station in Corry Square at Newry, killing nine officers in the highest loss of life for the RUC on a single day.
He appeared in his first Super Bowl in the following game, a 43–8 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
Pure-tone audiometry provides ear specific thresholds, and uses frequency specific pure tones to give place specific responses, so that the configuration of a hearing loss can be identified.
Conductive hearing loss due to disorders of the middle ear shows as a flat increase in thresholds across the frequency range.
It was later discovered that while panoramic films can prove very useful in detecting and localizing mandibular fractures and other pathologic entities of the mandible, they were not very good at assessing periodontal bone loss or tooth decay.
In the loss, Newton was 17 of 30 for 142 yards.
For example, inventory valued on the books at $100 per item is written down to $50 per item resulting in a net loss of $50 per item in the current year.
The author coins the term "collective joy" to describe group events which involve music, synchronized movement, costumes, and a feeling of loss of self.
He played for Canberra at hooker in the 1987 NSWRL season's grand final loss to the Manly Sea Eagles alongside his brother Kevin.
Crowe, Kenneth C. "$94M Loss Spurs Unusual Carpenter Union Election."
The infection is often asymptomatic and usually presents only with mild symptoms, which may include gastrointestinal complaints, weight loss, and fatigue.
She is the author of Tell Them I Didn't Cry: A young journalist's story of joy, loss and survival in Iraq (Scribner 2006).
On September 29, 2008, continuing troubles in the financial sector culminated in a loss of more than 8%.
He was present at the 2007 Rugby World Cup, playing a single match, in the 91–3 loss to Australia.
And in 1930, the Marshall team went 3–5–1, including a 65–0 loss to Penn State.
According to MGM records, the film earned $1,591,000 in the US and Canada and $1,714,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $204,000.
The planners estimated that incendiary bomb attacks on Japan's six largest cities could cause physical damage to almost 40 percent of industrial facilities and result in the loss of 7.6 million man-months of labor.
From August 1944 Japanese aircraft occasionally conducted suicide ramming attacks on B-29s, and several specialized kamikaze fighter units were established in October; by the end of the war, ramming tactics had destroyed nine B-29s and damaged another 13 for the loss of 21 fighters.
Shvedova had a first-round loss at the Korea Open to Anna-Lena Friedsam.
Most types of RPGN are characterized by severe and rapid loss of kidney function with marked hematuria; red blood cell casts in the urine; and proteinuria sometimes exceeding three grams in twenty-four hours, a range associated with nephrotic syndrome.
With cutbacks necessary (due to loss of tobacco funding) and fewer events, the main tour roster was reduced to 96 professionals for the start of the 2005/2006 season.
The 2008–09 season began on November 11 with a two-point loss to the Georgia Southern Eagles; this was the first game of the Division I college basketball season and the opening game of the 2K Sports Classic tournament in Durham, North Carolina.
The subsequent loss of battleships  at Anzac and  at Cape Helles, both torpedoed by , resulted in a further reduction in naval support for the Allied land troops.
On day 100, another brightening was observed, which corresponded to a second mass loss event.
22 June - 3 July: In the opening phase of Operation Barbarossa, the Luftwaffe achieved air superiority by destroying some 2,000 Soviet aircraft, at a loss of only 35 aircraft (of which 15 were non-combat-related).
The Wings took on the Buffalo Bandits in the first round of the playoffs, but were eliminated after a 14-12 loss.
An example of loss of power is when the air compressor (the main source of compressed air that provides the fluid for the actuator to move) shuts down.
During the siege of Louisbourg, Grenadiers suffered a loss of fifty-five killed and wounded.
Based on the current rate of loss, the deposits of today may be gone in a hundred years.
The Parliamentarians claimed 100 Royalist killed for the cost of 2 injured, while Royalist sources report 24 Parliamentarians killed and more wounded, for the loss of 4 Royalists killed.
During eighteen crossings of the Atlantic, Savage and her sister ships safely brought through over 1,000 loaded troop and supply ships without a single loss despite the persistent threat of enemy vessels and treacherous weather conditions.
Ancient Greek reflects the original PIE vowel system most faithfully, with few changes to PIE vowels in any syllable; but its loss of certain consonants, especially  and  often triggered a compensatory lengthening or contraction of vowels in hiatus, which can complicate reconstruction.
If there is a complete loss of fluorescence, this indicates that the organelles are continuous.
He made the Northern All-Stars team for the Australian NBL All-Star Game played at the "Glasshouse" in Melbourne, and played a significant second half in a narrow two-point loss to the South.
Dethridge Wheels were replaced by fully automated machinery such as Total Channel Control to prevent loss and leakage in irrigation efforts.
Equally significant was the loss of experienced crews, particularly the junior officers, who represented the next generation of commanders.
Electrically, the nerve shows rapid and complete degeneration, with loss of voluntary motor units.
The results bore that out: his loss was even worse than in October.
For instance, intravascular volume depletion can exist in an adequately hydrated person if there is loss of water into interstitial tissue (e.g.
England could have claimed their first grand slam since 2003, however a record 30–3 loss to Wales in the final week at the Millennium Stadium, saw Wales claim the Six Nations title.
He is also periodically interviewed on various television programs, such as 20/20, Dateline NBC, and the Today show, to discuss the loss of his sister and his difficult recovery from the traumatic ordeal he experienced as an eyewitness to the murderous rampage.
Richmond decided to compete and were guaranteed a place in the finals for the first time, and went on to an unlucky semi final loss to Carlton by three points.
Its most immediately obvious symptom is a sticky secretion on the mouse's fur (thus the name); however, it is accompanied by lack of muscle control, ataxia, alopecia, loss of Purkinje cells in the cerebellum, and eventually, death.
We already face thousands in legal costs, the loss of our domain name and £50,000 for rebranding as Friendly Gym.
EIB seems to be caused by the loss of water caused by increased ventilation, which may lead to the release of mediators such as histamine, prostaglandins, and leukotrienes, all of which cause bronchoconstriction.
In July 2020, in light of the coronavirus pandemic it was announced that the crew base at Edinburgh Airport would close on 31 October 2020, with the loss of several ground based office jobs and the option for cabin crew and pilots to relocate to London City Airport.
The crash was the twenty-second loss of a DHC-6 in Nepal, the seventh-deadliest aircraft crash in Nepal, and the world's fourth-deadliest accident involving a DHC-6.
For one, Beretta decided to strip away as many o-rings and springs as possible for less chance of wear, and also to make easier for the weapon to be field stripped without the accidental loss of parts.
The coupling parameter should not be confused with the round-trip loss, which refers to the part of the energy which is absorbed or scattered at each round-trip of laser field in the laser resonator, and cannot be used.
The higher numbers are based on estimates of the total population of Guatemalans with significant hearing loss, without acknowledging that there are multiple sign languages in the country.
She said the loss of the fabric to the henge meant a "really, really rare piece of Neolithic engineering had been lost forever".
Speculating on wheat prices during the Crimean War, Chisholm was left holding thousands of bushels at the time of the declaration of a peace, incurring the loss of a small fortune had the peace come only a few more weeks later.
Although intended for children, the album is notable for its many references to the death, loss of or danger to the characters in the songs (see below for a breakdown).
Alekseyev won his first 16 pro fights, winning 15 by knockout, before suffering his first loss at the hands of Victor Emilio Ramírez in his 17th pro bout in January 2009.
His first career home run came on an April 17, 1983, in a 7-4 loss against the Oakland Athletics.
It has been investigated for potential use in the treatment of cancer, as well as in the treatment of cystic fibrosis, rheumatoid arthritis, acne, psoriasis, and has been found to also slow the production and accumulation of a toxin that leads to vision loss in Stargardt's patients.
This loss put Spinks out of the tournament at 4th place.
Use of POC tests to measure the most commonly ordered blood tests could significantly decrease phlebotomy loss and lead to a reduction in the need for blood transfusions among critically ill premature neonates as these tests frequently require much less volume of blood to be collected from the patient.
Deflexion typically involves the loss of some inflectional affixes, notably affecting word endings (markers) that indicate noun cases, verbal tenses and noun classes.
A typical loss control consultant will possess a college degree in engineering or in business, commercial insurance, industrial safety, industrial hygiene or fire protection.
At Oslo, Skaat explained to the press that "Milim" is about loss, such as in a break-up, but that for him, it has a deeper meaning.
Although his ERA of 4.88 was considered high, it was due in large part to his loss against the Kansas City Athletics who scored six earned runs in just two innings.
The 2010 loss struck deep as it ended the stellar 4-year career of Greivis Vásquez and denied coach Williams an open path to a third Final Four.
Technically this is not loss of citizenship, but rather a voiding of the purported naturalization and a declaration that the immigrant never was a U.S. citizen.
This marked the beginning of a very painful period in her life, with the further loss, within seven months, of her father, uncle and eldest son.
His team defeats Jagang's team in the tournament final, but Jagang refuses to accept his team's loss and invalidates the win twice, leading to a riot in the camp, during which Richard and Nicci escape, while Kahlan is 'rescued' by Samuel.
In 1999, the geographic center of Vargas state suffered devastating floods and landslides, which resulted in a major loss of life and property, forced population movements, and the virtual disappearance of several small towns in Vargas state.
It was first time the RedHawks were shut out since a 1993 loss to Ball State.
However, the European Democrats had a massive loss of 32 of the 66 seats, knocking them from third to sixth largest party.
Having made his official debut on 13 June 1984 against England in a 2–0 win, he was part of the squad at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, making his only appearance of the tournament during the second half of a group stage 1–6 loss to Denmark.
Jones added 3 receptions, 50 yards, and 1 touchdown in Green Bay's Wild Card playoff overtime loss against the Arizona Cardinals.
The general view is that lampreys do not feed during metamorphosis with the loss of body energy reserves being countered by water uptake.
It is being investigated as a possible treatment for reperfusion injury and stroke, hearing loss and tinnitus, and bipolar disorder.
Signal from the pickups passes through the tone controls, followed by an op-amp based buffer preamp, or unity gain buffer, which is designed to prevent signal loss due to capacitance when long cables are used.
The Kodiaks did not have a JV team in the 2010 league due to lack of grade 10 players and loss of coaching staff.
He died later from heavy loss of blood.
The chief disadvantage of Nuclear Emulsion is that it is a dense and complex material (silver, bromine, carbon, nitrogen, oxygen) which potentially impedes the flight of particles to other detector components through multiple scattering and ionising energy loss.
On February 28, 2007, the day following the special commission meeting, Stanton, reportedly surprised by the abrupt loss of her job, began fielding calls and taking part in interviews with local television stations.
The next season, Díaz made his professional debut in a 3–2 loss with Everton for the first week of the 2005 Apertura Tournament.
The Hokies loss, combined with the Tar Heels victory, clinches the ACC regular season title for North Carolina.
His last kick in his last match for Collingwood scored Collingwood's final goal in its six-point loss to Fitzroy in the 1922 VFL Grand Final.
Surgery may be recommended if a child has a permanent conductive hearing loss caused by malformations of the outer or middle ear, or by repeated ear infections.
At this time, Port Moresby was subject to frequent Japanese air raids, so the bombers were generally based in the Townsville area and staged through Port Moresby to minimize their chance of loss or damage on the ground.
While the use of PDS wording for other types of watches and warnings has not been used, PDS wording could theoretically be applied to any kind of watch or warning to alert the public to weather events where there exists an increased risk of loss of life or widespread damage to property.
On December 26, in a loss to the Washington Wizards, Lopez made nine field goals and passed Vince Carter (3,126) for second in franchise history.
After eleven offensives with enormous loss of life and the final victory of the Central Powers, the Italian campaign to take Vienna collapsed.
This mythological background was accepted by Romans who were soon Christianized, resulting in the irrevocable loss of grand epics and the destruction or conversion of pagan landmarks and places.
In 2006, Bulldogs chief executive Malcolm Noad said that the allegations had led to the loss of millions of dollars of sponsorship money, and to continuing negative beliefs in the community about Bulldogs players and supporters.
Finished senior year with 15 sacks and 29 tackles for loss.
Anticipatory grief refers to a feeling of grief occurring before an impending loss.
A second source states only four Bf 110s were destroyed, whilst a third gives the loss of five destroyed and five damaged.
Katsidis suffered his seventh career loss when he was knocked down and stopped in the second round.
In modern terms a thousand pounds loss in the 17th century must have been a devastating blow to the family finances.
The season started off with a 24–13 home loss to the Carolina Panthers (which would be the Panthers' lone win).
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Eagles, the Vikings stayed at home and played a Week 9 interconference game against the San Diego Chargers.
The syringomyelia has caused muscle wastage and some loss of sensation on his left side.
This bird is considered near threatened by the IUCN, with habitat loss one of the major factors often cited in its decline.
Just days after playing their seventh game of the season, a 23–0 loss to Virginia in Charlottesville, the University of North Carolina announced that head coach John Bunting would be relieved of his duties at the conclusion of the season."
As a citizen and a comrade the loss is still greater.
The active processor always kept memory up-to-date so that when these forced switches occurred, little data loss was suffered.
Loss of a settlement 
Collisions were also too common, when steamboats continued to operate in fog or night, without radar or other modern navigation aids, and often caused greater loss of life than fire.
A Swordfish crashed into the sea following a rocket assisted take off with the loss of the two man crew.
If found guilty, Cunningham could face "from 2 to 90 days in jail and a one year loss of her driver’s license."
He gave Pettis his first professional loss via split decision.
found that immunoreactivity for MLH1 and MGMT expression was closely correlated in 135 specimens of gastric cancer and loss of  MLH1 and MGMTappeared to be synchronously accelerated during tumor progression.
On October 16, the first day of a new offensive against East Prussia, the easternmost part of the Reich home territory, the regiment's pilots destroyed 29 enemy aircraft without loss.
With yet another loss, the Dolphins fell to 0–13.
The penalty for a  in the game is a loss of turn, any point scoring acts made on the same stroke are not counted, and 1 point is deducted from the player's total score.
The 1986 team finished the season with a 10-1 record after winning the South Jersey Group I state sectional title with a 10-0 win against Haddonfield Memorial High School in the championship game, avenging the team's only loss in the regular season.
American fliers took heavy casualties during raids on the oil refineries of Ploiești, Romania, and the ball-bearing factories at Schweinfurt and Regensburg, Germany, and it was the loss rate in crews and not materiel that brought about a pullback from the strategic offensive in the autumn of 1943.
During this transformation, the pre-RC is disassembled with the loss of Cdc6, creating the initiation complex.
He made his professional debut on 24 October 1981 in a 2–0 away loss against SV Werder Bremen, becoming first choice from his second season onwards.
If the agent has to hire help for a job, the wage for this person can be paid from the principal, except if the wage should result in loss for the investor, the agent himself is responsible for whatever is not covered by the principal.
Because of the small size of LEDs, control of the spatial distribution of illumination is extremely flexible, and the light output and spatial distribution of an LED array can be controlled with no efficiency loss.
He also scored a touchdown off of a lateral in the 34–31 Independence Bowl loss against Oklahoma State.
In Week 9 on November 10, Pryor was injured in a 24–20 loss to the New York Giants and was sidelined with a sprained MCL.
However, the Cowboys avenged the loss weeks later in a wild card game, beating the Rams 34-13.
With the loss, Houston fell to 2–1.
The majority of these mutations have been show to cause loss of function of the gene via deletions, point or truncating mutations.
He had a poor game in Australia's 19-21 loss and was unlucky enough to be starting his career at the same time as the "Immortal" Clive Churchill.
For pressure vessels, the loss in ductility that occurs as a result of the increase in hardness is a particular concern.
His absorption results in a commensurate loss of ability in his victims.
The combined effect is a net loss of material, estimated at  per year.
The loss of vegetation causes sand to move inland which is a process known as sand encroachment, this process can having damaging effects on inland properties and leaves properties vulnerable to future coastal hazards for example storm surge.
The 1976 season saw marked signs of improvement, with the Mean Green falling in close contests to all their major conference opponents (a 7-0 loss to Mississippi State was later forfeited to North Texas after it was revealed the Bulldogs used ineligible players).
The Battle of Delville Wood and the sinking of the SS Mendi being the greatest single incidents of loss of life.
With the loss, not only did the Redskins fall to 4–3, but the Redskins allowed the most points in a single game since 1961 (53 points to the New York Giants).
Pam Reynolds reported to her physician that she was experiencing symptoms of dizziness, loss of speech and difficulty in moving parts of her body.
Any dancer falling below this minimum weight has to regain the loss with the help of a nutritionist or be replaced.
Garver took the loss when Ken Keltner hit a game-ending sacrifice fly with two outs in the bottom of the inning.
The main threats to the species are loss of habitat due to land clearing, trampling of young plants and its small population size.
The Sinhalese of the Northern Province and Eastern Province of Sri Lanka suffered severe loss of lives and property as a result of numerous civilian massacres carried out by the LTTE for the purpose of ethnically cleansing the North East of Sri Lanka.
Dexatrim claims to provide a powerful benefit for weight loss despite the lack of scientific data to support their claims.
The Bengals would get blown out by the Ravens 27–3 in week 5, followed by a 31–27 loss to the Colts in which the Bengals blew a 21–0 first-quarter lead.
The lowest point of the Campo era was an embarrassing and humiliating loss on opening night of the 2002 season to the brand-new Houston Texans.
The third loss of that run was a shootout to the eventual AFC Champion Denver Broncos 51–48.
His first match was a 2–0 loss to Eintracht Braunschweig on 1 August 2000.
The Redskins opened up a 17–0 halftime lead and never looked back, handing the Bills a 37–24 loss.
Despite another playoff loss to Kansas City, Josh Allen played well, at one point out-performing Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes until the final two minutes and overtime.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 3–8.
After the last game, a 31–28 home loss to the Dolphins, Kotite was hit with a full cup of beer as he left the field; another fan (fewer than 22,000 attended the game; almost 56,000 ticketholders stayed home) held up a sign, "The End of an Error".
During a crushing overtime loss at the hands of the Patriots, Jay Fiedler was injured, forcing newly acquired backup Brian Griese to lead the Dolphins to victory the next week over San Diego.
With the loss, it extended the Cowboys drought of playoff wins to eleven years and tied the NFL record of 6 straight playoff games lost.
With the loss, the Giants fell to 7–4.
They finished the game victorious, crushing the Broncos 30–7, handing Denver its first loss of the season.
The team finished the regular season with 11 wins and a single loss in the first game of the season.
The 28-year-old rookie threw four interceptions in a 17–16 loss to Philadelphia in which the Browns' only touchdown was scored by the defense.
Despite taking the first drive down the field for a touchdown, the game resulted in a disappointing 24–10 loss.
The Lions took their first loss after being beaten by the San Francisco 49ers 25–19, but the game was more notable for Jim Schwartz getting into an altercation with 49ers coach Jim Harbaugh afterwards.
The Vikings defense set a team record by limiting the Dolphins to −3 yards rushing on 14 carries in the loss.
The first loss of the season came at the hands of the Giants, as Kent Graham hit Amani Toomer late in the fourth quarter to steal a 20–16 victory.
Peyton Manning broke the all-time passing yardage record previously held by Brett Favre in a week nine home loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
There are many ways to properly utilize loss on ignition for scientific research.
The team's final home match in Albany was a 20–13 loss to the Orange County Breakers on July 18, 2013.
Bettis and the remainder of the coaching staff assembled by Wiggin were relieved on December 19, one day after a 21–20 loss at Oakland in the regular season finale.
Despite a 20–9 loss to the Bills, the Chiefs still had a shot to slip into the playoffs if Atlanta could secure a win at Jacksonville.
Muslim Kashmiri activists and some Hindu Kashmiris feared that this will lead to worsening military control, losing their jobs to outsiders, and the loss of their identity by causing Hindus to replace the Muslim majority.
This typically involves identifying scenarios in which theft or loss could occur and determining if existing control procedures effectively manage the risk to an acceptable level.
The loss of Saint-Ruhe was among several factors that precipitated a collapse in the Jacobite army; the battle ended in a rout, with several thousand Jacobite dead.
The win also marked the Patriots’ 18th straight regular season victory since their December 2006 loss to the Dolphins, tying the Patriots’ 2003–2004 NFL record.
He also praised the visuals as "absolutely breathtaking," and that the "game moves beautifully throughout, with very little loss in detail or speed."
McCown started two games until he threw four interceptions in a lopsided loss to the New York Jets and Blaine Gabbert was named the starter the following week.
The 1996 season also featured a lowlight: a 31–21 loss at home to the New York Jets, the only game the Jets won during a 1–15 season.
Kolb played well enough to stay the starting quarterback even after Skelton was healthy, but Kolb himself would become injured in a 19–16 overtime loss to the Buffalo Bills.
The regular season began with a crushing 20–6 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in Qwest Field.
They were also shut out for the first time in franchise history in a week 11 loss to the Denver Broncos, 34–0.
The Falcons suffered another loss to the New Orleans Saints on November 26 (31–13) to cause their record for the season drop to 5–6, but more importantly to let their losing streak continue on to 4 games.
A final game loss at home to Denver was a microcosm of the season, as the Seahawks squandered an early lead and an attempt at a game-tying field goal hit the upright as time expired.
A loss to the division-leading Cardinals followed, after which was another win against the 49ers which was highlighted by rookie running back Thomas Rawls piling up 209 rushing yards in relief for an ailing Marshawn Lynch, who was sidelined for several games with a back injury.
The 1970 49ers started out the 1970 season 7–1–1, their only loss a one-point defeat to Atlanta.
Jennings replied that the human body could not tolerate sustained loads of more than 4-4.5 g. CART determined that the race could not be run at more than  without raising safety concerns over g-force induced Loss Of Consciousness (g-LOC).
He did not seem deeply distressed about the loss of his family, although he did build up a close relationship with Patrick.
The Biscay Campaign resulted in the loss of the part of the Basque Country still held by the Republic and Bilbao, the greatest Spanish industrial centre.
Lorant and Goyat, the historians of JG 300, found no evidence of a corresponding loss in US archives.
However, Soviet records only document the loss of three Il-2 and one Yakovlev Yak-9 fighter.
The protons are identified by the time of flight and the energy loss.
31 March – the paddle steamer , bound from Cork to London, sinks in the English Channel with the loss of all 250 on board.
When injected into the mouse glioblastoma model, staurosporine is found to accumulate primarily in the tumor via fluorescence confirmation, and the mice did not suffer weight loss compared to the control mice administered with the free compound, an indicator of reduced toxicity.
Affleck was towed to port, where the ship was written off as a Constructive Total Loss.
He was noted for his work collecting and setting very small Lepidoptera until an accident in 1870 resulted in the loss of the top half of his left thumb, which prevented him from setting very small insects.
He made his Premier League debut for the newly promoted Swansea in a 4–0 loss against Manchester City, but suffered a hamstring injury in September, and was restricted to one brief substitute appearance in the next three months.
Pam suggests several people fight off the coven and Pam captures the witch responsible for Eric's memory loss, making her lift the spell.
Some Japanese soldiers attempted to defend the airfield area, and the 2/43rd Battalion claimed to have killed 23 Japanese for the loss of four Australians wounded.
Wales's defeat by Scotland was their first loss at home in a Five Nations championship match since France won at Cardiff in March 1968.
He scored his only goal for Everton in a 2–1 loss at Southampton on 7 March 1998.
Wordsworth's explanation of the origin of the poem suggests that it was inspiration and passion that led to the ode's composition, and he later said that the poem was to deal with the loss of sensations and a desire to overcome the natural process of death.
After a disappointing loss to Hawaii, in which Bennett threw 2 interceptions, head coach Derek Dooley announced that sophomore Ross Jenkins would start the next game against Idaho.
With the loss, the Cardinals fell to 3–5.
Bear Stearns reported the first quarterly loss in its history during November 2007 and obtained additional financing from a Chinese sovereign wealth fund.
The team won the South Jersey, Group II state sectional in 2003 with a 3–2 win over Camden Catholic High School in the final game, avenging a 2–1 loss the previous year against the same team.
This indicates that an orderly evacuation was performed with little or no loss of life.
They are presented with four decks of cards that represent either a gain or loss in money.
Gus Glover a candidate who lost that year's University of Bristol Union Presidential Election attributed his loss to supporting the admissions policy.
Concerns of declines in insect abundance in the holocene have been attributed to habitat loss from land use changes such as urbanization or agricultural use, pesticide use, invasive species, and artificial lighting.
The local Prespa dialect of Tosk Albanian being on the periphery of Albanian speech has been strongly influenced by the Macedonian language resulting in the loss of vowel length and the phoneme h, while the alveolar trill (, //) has merged into the alveolar tap ( //).
Some key disadvantages of global sourcing can include: hidden costs associated with different cultures and time zones, exposure to financial and political risks in countries with (often) emerging economies, increased risk of the loss of intellectual property, and increased monitoring costs relative to domestic supply.
With Scotland winning 12-10 it was the only loss for the Welsh during the 1975 Five Nations.
PPO has importance to the food industry because it catalyzes enzymatic browning when tissue is damaged from bruising, compression or indentations, making the produce less marketable and causing economic loss.
In round 8, against the St George Illawarra Dragons, Kenny-Dowall scored his 100th NRL career try in the Roosters 14–12 loss at the Sydney Football Stadium.
 2008 Loss Time Life (ロス:タイム:ライフ) as Yoshida Yukari
Despite the loss in the tournament and losing three starters, as well as two key reserves from the 2011–12 team, Dave Rice brought a highly touted recruiting class for the 2012–13 season.
San Francisco All-Blacks United finished with the best regular season record in the league, winning 17 out of their 18 games, suffering just one loss, and finishing with a +42 goal difference.
Jones took his first loss to Daniel Perez.
John Horus fends off his attackers despite the loss of several of his "eyes".
Todt subsequently joined VfB Stuttgart, rarely managing to appear due to injuries and loss of form.
The speaker cable would be subject to interference and signal loss from electrical resistance.
In that loss to Ohio State, key freshman reserve, Branden Dawson, tore his ACL, ending his season.
Roy Watzka: Delphine's father, town alcoholic, who never stops grieving over the loss of the love of his life.
Greiss started his first career NHL game on 13 January 2008, an eventual 4–3 overtime loss to the Anaheim Ducks.
He scored a season-high 20 points with 7 assists in a 134–124 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
In the Colts' game, Jacobs threw his helmet into the stands, and in the next week's game with the Titans (a 29–10 loss at home) the Giants committed five personal fouls.
On the sixth play of the game, Detroit forced a fumble for a loss of 23 yards.
Due to ongoing habitat loss, small population size and limited range, the elegant sunbird is evaluated as Endangered on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Children or adults who are incapable of caring for their own teeth should be assisted with oral hygiene in order to prevent tooth loss.
After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev sent a message to United States President George W. Bush expressing "indignation about terrorist acts that resulted in loss of numerous lives."
Hoping to rebound from a last-second home loss to the Broncos, the Bills (with TE Kevin Everett on the mind) went to Heinz Field for their Week 2 match-up against the throwback-clad Pittsburgh Steelers.
With the loss, the Saints began the year at 0–1.
With the loss, the 49ers fell to 2–1.
The 49ers finished the season with a loss, dropping to a final standings of 5–11.
With their sixth-straight loss to the Seahawks, the Rams fell to 2–9.
With their second-straight loss, Denver fell to 2–2.
They include captive insurance companies and catastrophic bonds, and finite risk products such loss portfolio transfers and adverse development covers.
Quaila matches are fiercely competitive with a loss resulting in the defeated team cutting their hair in shame.
The Troop was attached to the Australian SAS Squadron at Nui Dat and carried out long-range reconnaissance and the ambushing of enemy supply routes, mounting 155 patrols over three tours until being withdrawn in February 1971, with the loss of one member.
In response to the loss of military presence, Congress sent Horatio Gates, who had distinguished himself at Saratoga, to reform the Continental Army in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The fort was repeatedly struck but without material damage and without loss of life.
With the loss, Detroit closes out the season finishing 7–9.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Patriots, the Steelers went home for a Week 15 duel with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional home loss to the Steelers, the Bengals flew to Ralph Wilson Stadium for a Week 9 intraconference duel with the Buffalo Bills.
Trying to rebound from their divisional home loss to the Buccaneers, the Panthers flew to the Louisiana Superdome for a Week 5 divisional duel with the winless New Orleans Saints.
They were eliminated from playoff contention for the first time since 2005 with a loss to the undefeated Patriots in Week 13.
With their eighth-straight loss, the Ravens fell to 4–10.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 6–4.
Poland first played Davis Cup in 1925 (match with Great Britain loss 0-5) and will be contesting in the World Group for the first time in 2016.
The Hanoverian nobility successfully appealed to the Confederal Diet in 1851 over the loss of their noble privileges, while the Prussian Junkers recovered their manorial police powers from 1852 to 1855.
The first ever official match of Mongolia was played on 9 June 2009 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, against Kyrgyzstan, finishing with a respectable 21–38 loss.
Removal of unnecessary gangways has allowed the stage to be greatly enlarged without any loss of stalls seats (in fact they gained an extra wheelchair position).
One view suggested that at the very moment a trustee breaches a duty, for instance by making an erroneous investment without considering relevant matters, beneficiaries have a right to see the trust accounts are surcharged, to erase the transpiring loss (and "falsified" to restore to the trust fund unauthorised gains).
With the loss of Shay Doron, whose #22 jersey was honored this season, Frese brought in 5 recruits.
The song 'Sorry' contains melodies of acoustic guitar strings, song "Finding Lost Memories" is about the loss of love,  and song "If I Could Go Back" was self-written and composed by Eru.
The following game at Cameron Indoor Stadium was a 66–60 loss by then #1 Syracuse to Duke in which another questionable set of calls throughout the game culminated in Syracuse player CJ Fair being called for a charge on a possible game-winning play.
In addition to this crushing loss of young energy, sky-high housing prices as well as an overall housing shortage were severely threatening the continued and sustainable existence of this legendary Yeshiva community.
He went on to start 11 games, finishing with 92 tackles (fifth on the team), 6 tackles for loss, one quarterback pressure, one pass defensed and a career-high 2 interceptions.
Car rental companies charge renters for loss of use in case of accidents, though the charges have been controversial.
But sadly, with this great diversity comes great loss.
| 2009-11-22 || Loss ||align=left| Kan Itabashi || R.I.S.E.
Don Blakeslee was finally grounded in September 1944, after the loss of several high-scoring USAAF aces.
April dies in the hospital from blood loss.
Indemnity - The payment of monies to the insured to cover the loss.
Attack by water converts 6 to protonated imidic acid 7, which undergoes loss of proton to arrive at the imidic acid tautomer of the final amide.
Following the loss of Kisurra, the reign of Gungunum seems to have entered a calmer phase, at least according to the year names from his 13th to 18th regnal years, which only concern religious affairs and the construction of irrigation canals and temples.
In 1300, Roger of Lauria was given the title of Count of Malta by the Kingdom of Naples, after loss of support in the King of Sicily's fleet .
 2019: Stemson Therapeutics, a company housed within Sanford Burnham Prebys, successfully replicated regenerative hair follicles using stem cells, essentially curing baldness and hair loss.
This pollution has been linked to a range of very significant risks to the reef system, including intensified outbreaks of the coral-eating crown-of-thorns starfish which contributed to a loss of 66% of live coral cover on sampled reefs in 2000.
He was arrested by the communists and suffered beatings to the point of loss of consciousness and imprisonment.
John played in one match for the New Zealand Warriors in the 2011 NRL season in Round 2 against the Wests Tigers in a 20–12 loss at Leichhardt Oval.
Giacoletti finished his career at Utah with an 80–54 loss to UNLV in the first round of the Mountain West Conference Tournament.
Contestants can avoid elimination by their team or themselves losing the most percentage of weight loss, winning immunity at a temptation challenge.
Smeenge led the conference with 20 tackles for a loss in 1988 and 18 in 1989.
The master and the crew clung to the rigging till morning; when the tide allow them to walk ashore – there was no loss of life.
His last appearance for the Maltese national team was on 26 March 2017 in a 1-3 loss against Slovakia.
Three are specifically for persons with hearing impairments: the "ear" symbol is the International Symbol of Access for Hearing Loss, and is used to show the availability of an assistive listening system.
Staffel operated autonomously from other Luftwaffe units and claimed a B-17 bomber and a Republic P-47 Thunderbolt fighter shot down for the loss of three aircraft and two pilots killed in action.
Bangladesh's loss meant that they could no longer qualify for the semi-finals.
However, Jeff Duback was in goal for both the WSA championship win over the San Francisco Bay Blackhawks and the subsequent loss to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the "National" professional championship.
Weddle was inactive for the Chargers' Week 11 loss at the Jacksonville Jaguars after suffering an injury the previous week.
On October 19, 2014, Weddle made a season-high 13 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 23–20 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 7.
January started with a 4–1 loss to Bradford, during which 25 police officers were required to keep many of the 12,000 spectators, many of them non-paying, in order.
The studio determined that the cost of reshooting was too high as an alternative, so the vote was to destroy the tapes and write it down as a complete loss.
The Philadelphia offense could do nothing the rest of the game in the most lopsided loss of the Andy Reid era.
The loss of tropical rainforest is the most pressing problem, as these forests hold the highest number of species yet are being destroyed quickly.
Consequently, the New Jersey State Athletic Control Board suspended all three judges, and Lara received his first loss as a professional fighter in a highly controversial fashion.
He also played in their victory over Spain under-19s on 17 July as Hungary qualified for the semi-finals and Németh played in the 1–0 loss to Italy under 19s on 23 July.
A match for him in reading and familiar with loss and disappointment, Anne is able to encourage Benwick.
Through all the hardship, and while posting a net loss for the year of just over $4 million, the studio saw some large successes, such as King Kong, Little Women, Flying Down to Rio (the first pairing of Astaire and Rogers), and Morning Glory (which netted Katharine Hepburn her first Oscar for Best Actress).
Responsible for his loss was Fähnrich (Officer Candidate) Hans-Joachim Marseille who had abandoned Buhl.
He acted as narrator of the 'tale of Senghenydd,’ detailing the two explosions at the Universal Pit, and the loss of life that resulted.
USC beat the Lady Techsters in Louisiana, 64–58, giving the La Tech team their only loss for the year.
Joe Webb holds the record for the longest rush with a 65-yard run in Minnesota's 34–28 road loss to the Detroit Lions in 2011.
That plan nonetheless backfired, as Poniatowski not only escaped but this action caused much controversy in Europe and resulted in loss of much international support for the confederates.
| 2006-04-24 || Loss ||align=left| Alexander Ustinov || MARS World Fighting GP || Seoul, Korea || KO (Punches) || 2 || 2:55
12 May 2007: Bangladesh announce their test squad side following the loss of the ODI series.
In February to May 1942, 348 ships were sunk, for the loss of 2 U-boats during April and May.
The Broncos had momentum coming into the final, with only one loss in their last six matches.
Despite the loss, Ella was voted Best Dressed at the 41st Golden Bell Awards.
Recreational effects include euphoria, relaxation, increased sociability and sexuality, reduction of short-term memory, and loss of coordination.
Most temperature-sensitive mutations affect proteins, and cause loss of protein function at the non-permissive temperature.
Despite the loss, Davies was offered an interview for the job on a permanent basis but Bobby Williamson was subsequently appointed, although Davies remained at the club as youth team manager.
Alex Rodriguez hits his 13th and 14th home runs of the season in the New York Yankees' 10–8 loss to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Other clinical signs can range from diarrhea, weakness, anorexia, anemia if there are significant blood loss and abdominal discomfort.
This left the club short of talent, Stephen however stuck around and despite the club's loss of players, they still managed to record a very creditable 2nd-place finish in the Maltese Premier League, with Wellman making 21 appearances and even chipping in with two goals.
Since the fiefs that were reduced might have changed owners over the course of many generations, the reduction resulted not only in the loss of the fiefdoms but the cancellation of inheritances from times past, purchases, exchanges, etc.
When Ukitsu was recovering from her fight with Hakufu, Chokou mentions that her loss to Hakufu was a necessary sacrifice needed to awaken Hakufu's dragon.
It suffered its first combat loss in April 1943 during a bombing raid on Thieuloy L'Abbaye, and after this it conducted raids on Germany, France, Norway, Czechoslovakia, and Italy from until 1945.
The fashion of the period was for small wristwatches, however small calibres often suffered from a loss of reliability.
The lone loss by Texas in the regular season had been to Tennessee, ending the Longhorns 40 game win streak, but the two teams played again two weeks later, and this time Texas emerged victorious, with a  14-point victory.
TEV protease has been reported to show a 10-fold loss of activity at 4 °C.
In Game 3 of the Warriors' 2016 first-round playoff series against the Houston Rockets, Speights, who didn't attempt a three-pointer in the first 29 playoff games of his career, was 3-of-6 on three-pointers and finished with 22 points in a 97–96 loss.
He made 29 appearances and scored 8 goals, being introduced as a substitute for Johnston in the League Cup final loss to Celtic and the infamous Scottish Cup defeat to Berwick.
In a game on July 24, 1882, Rowe pitched nine innings and allowed 35 runs to score, 12 of them earned, in a loss.
An intravenous solution of hydroxyethyl starch is used to prevent shock following severe blood loss caused by trauma, surgery, or other problem.
Video quality assessment tools based on network quality metrics such as packet loss, MDI and PSNR do not correlate well with a perceived visual quality due to the nonlinear behavior of the human visual system.
2) The colonists hold a community dance and bonfire to raise morale since the loss of their leader.
The second aircraft crashed on the 25 September 1920 at Hayes, Middlesex, with a loss of six lives.
This post-war increase had contributed to the USSR's partial demographic recovery from the significant population loss that the USSR had suffered during the Great Patriotic War (the Eastern Front of World War II), and before it, during Stalin's Great Purge of 1936–1938.
In the aftermath,  Spondyles was dismissed by Emperor Romanos III (r. 1028–1034), who resolved to avenge the Byzantine loss, install his ally Mansur ibn Lu'lu' in place of the Mirdasids, and in the process, achieve a glorious military victory over the Arabs.
The milky latex sap of Calotropis gigantea is a known cause of toxic keratoconjunctivitis and reversible vision loss.
It has been speculated that the deep, almost vertical shore of the bathtub-like caldera made it impossible to beach the ship and save her from becoming a total loss.
Starr then co-founded XRLA, the Los Angeles Chapter of Extinction Rebellion, a global environmental movement using nonviolent civil disobedience to compel government action to avoid tipping points in the climate system, biodiversity loss, and the risk of social and ecological collapse.
She was devastated at her loss.
The Marsh met her demise on August 8, 1917, when she sank during a storm, with a loss of twelve of the fourteen crew (and including seven children between the ages of one and thirteen).
RAF Jurby's position as being primarily a Training Station meant that the majority of pilots operating from the station were of low experience, and it is documented that in the three-year period to the end of 1942, there had been 31 aircraft involved in accidents, with the loss of 76 lives.
It symbolises a loss of Alex, or a tossing aside of something that no longer has value, even though it wasn't a conscious decision.
Birds, however, are a major source of yield loss.
Insulation reduced the ambient temperature to 80 °F (27 °C), and the loss of energy from 10% to 4%, and over time resulted in a 25% campus-wide decrease in energy consumption.
Skalde appeared in one game with the Flyers during the 2001–02, held scoreless in a 3–1 loss to the Buffalo Sabres on April 1.
White then leveled two UConn players on a block that saved teammate Steve Slaton from a big loss.
These simulations are meant to prepare the training pilot for real-world flight conditions while at the same time preventing any damage or loss of life in the process.
In the meantime, Canada's third Dave Romano was still investigating which rock was second rock, and thus whether or not Canada had scored two to tie, or just one for the loss.
Outflow from this star has been measured with velocities of , and the estimated mass loss rate is  yr−1.
During the Super 12 season "the exciting" Watson was commended for combining "a high tackle count with good skills" while producing "sparkling tries", as he did in the Sharks' 35–20 loss to the Hurricanes in March.
However, that year he was criticised for an error which led to a goal in a shock loss to Raith Rovers in the 1994 Scottish League Cup Final, while Bonner took the jersey for the 1995 Scottish Cup Final victory, Marshall collecting a medal as an unused substitute.
Modi's wife also began keeping ill constantly, but it is not known whether this was a cause or a consequence of the loss of children.
In  the Divisional Round against the Green Bay Packers, he had 25 carries for 123 yards and a touchdown in the controversial 26-21 road loss.
And then on December 2, 2000, he received a 3rd-round TKO loss to Mexican Ricardo "El Finito" López in Las Vegas.
These factors led the communist loss of Zhangjiakou later in the Battle of Zhangjiakou, and the result this campaign is therefore classified as a stalemate at the best if not a communist defeat.
Then, following a $10.6 billion loss in 2005, GM acted quickly to implement its restructuring plan.
Few threats exist to the species as a whole, though deforestation and loss of traditionally farmed orchards may affect specific populations.
The school board had appealed due to the significant loss of tax revenue to the district.
He returned to action on March 15 after missing 15 games to record 11 points and 11 rebounds in a 100–98 loss to the Houston Rockets.
He made his first team debut at the 1999 Boxing Day Premier League match against Sheffield Wednesday, playing the second half in a 1-0 loss.
In 2016, during a 2-0 loss against Boa Esporte Clube when he was playing for Guarani, Ferreira pushed the referee to the ground after he was sent off and some of his teammates wanted to calm him down.
Sabbatelli appeared again on the May 10 episode of NXT, teaming with Moss in a loss to DIY.
The light cruiser  and escorting destroyer  sink the Egyptian frigate Domiat, with the loss of 38 of its crew.
Although saddened by the loss of so many of his loyal Scotsmen, Charles VII continued to honour the survivors.
A. terreus strains have a tendency to mutate while in the animal host, resulting in a substantial reduction or loss of characteristic spore heads in primary culture.
“Mistaken identity can lead to embarrassment, job loss, or worse—how to avoid it,” CNNMoney.com, 2/6/07.
They hosted the inaugural regular season game, a Friday night 13–10 loss to the Denver Broncos at Boston University Field on September 9.
Gilbert's career ended on Sunday, December 31, 1995, during San Diego's 35–20 loss to the Indianapolis Colts in the wild card round of the playoffs.
Due to these conditions, Helena had a strong feeling of class, a necessity of an evolving social order and a loss of faith.
Upset loss of the world lightweight championship to Tony Canzoneri, November 1930
Two days later, on 21 April, I. Gruppe engaged in combat with Hurricane fighters over Tobruk, claiming one victory by Oberfeldwebel Albert Espenlaub for the loss of Unteroffizier Hans Sippel who was killed in action.
Seventeen years later, following the loss of its American colonies in 1783, the British Government sent a fleet of ships, the First Fleet, under the command Arthur Phillip, to establish a new penal colony in New South Wales.
However, these additional Arabic characters are included so that text processing software may translate text from other character sets to UCS and back again without any loss of information crucial for non-Unicode software.
He played for the Leeds Rhinos at  in their 2005 Super League Grand Final loss against the Bradford Bulls.
Loss of Strength Gradient
His symptoms began at age 28, with a sudden transient visual loss after the funeral of a friend.
At the hemlock tree it is discovered that Chauntecleer is on a downward spiral into a deep depression brought on by the loss of Russell and Mundo Cani.
The 35–3 road loss to the defending champion Kansas City Chiefs allowed the Buffalo Bills catch up and both finished at 7–6–1, which required a divisional playoff game, the AFL's first.
Perez's first attempt at France's Flyweight championship came on 8 February 1930, but resulted in a 4th round loss to Henry "Kid" Oliva in Limoges, France.
Following their loss to the 49ers in the sixth game of the season, the Browns won all but one of their remaining regular-season games, another tie with the Bills.
Lang played at prop forward in the Penrith's 22-4 loss.
The game was not decided until Eathyn Manumaluena blocked Kai Forbath's game-winning 28-yard field goal attempt as time expired, avenging a 27–17 loss back on September 8 at UCLA's home field, the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California.
Save for a devastating 16–6 upset loss to a Pittsburgh Steelers team that would finish just 5–8–1, the Browns offense scored points in bunches.
Loss of Light Heavy title, 1935
Loss to Clarence Forbes, November 1900
The sales of the album put Virgin at a £2,000 loss.
This species was in recent years tagged ‘the most catastrophically endangered species in the UK’ because of the decline linked to habitat loss and the impact of introduced mink.
While environmental activists feared the loss of hundreds of endangered species, increased erosion, the damage of livelihoods of local people and negative impacts on water balance and regional climate, supporters hoped for the creation of jobs.
Winnes' lone NHL goal occurred as a member of the Boston Bruins on November 22, 1991 in Boston's 6-3 loss to the Washington Capitals.
In the fourth the Dolphins completed a drive ending in a Terry Kirby touchdown run, this despite Andre Tippett's sack of Mitchell for a ten-yard loss – it was the 100th career sack for the future Hall Of Fame linebacker.
SmithKline Beckman soon had a large measure of revenge despite the loss of the trademark infringement case.
Just as a person does not become somebody else when his or her properties change through maturation, senility, or more radical changes like amnesia, the loss of a limb, or a change in sex, so a taxon remains the same entity whatever characteristics are gained or lost.
After returning to the reserve side from injury, van Eijden returned to the side from injury, as well as, captain, in a 2–1 loss against Vitesse on 29 January 2017.
Additionally, the Lady Vols defeated UConn in the regular season, 72–71, in what would ultimately be the Huskies' only loss of the year.
His first game with the national team came in a 3–2 loss to Canada on August 20, 1972.
Coupled with the loss of the boats, manpower shortages and "ignorant and undisciplined" soldiers all made patrolling and scouting outside the protective walls of Fort William Henry quite precarious for Monro and he was unable to send out sufficient scouts.
This was the second knockout loss of his career, and his eighth fight in Japan.
The loss of their identity is due to various causes.
He played in Redcliffe's Grand Final loss in 1987 as well.
The only loss suffered by No.
Now, it is up to Sanjay and his guardian to turn the tides and make up the loss.
The company was hit by the recession and made an  operating loss in 2009 of £400,000, but that had been turned into a £384,000 operating profit two years later with a turnover of £17.9m.
He resigned his position as CEO of BMW Oracle Racing because of a devastating 1–5 loss in the 2007 Louis Vuitton Cup at the hands of semi-finals opponent Luna Rossa Challenge.
It was also their most recent regular season opening loss until 2014 as the team started 0–1.
However, linebacker Mike Vrabel sacked McNabb for a 16-yard loss on the next play.
Meanwhile, Catherine faces the loss of her father ("Built to Kill"), Greg is assaulted ("Fannysmackin'"), Keppler faces his past ("Law of Gravity"), and the team attempt to hide their amusement when a man is found trapped in concrete ("Loco Motives").
During the 2013–2014 season, Iowa achieved a non-conference record of 11–2, including a runner-up finish in the 2013 Battle 4 Atlantis tournament and a loss to in–state rival Iowa State.
On 23 May 2007, it was announced that Murphy is suffering from short-term memory loss resulting from a car accident in 1988.
William meets Roddy again, but Roddy can no longer see him, due to the loss of his second sight.
Berger won a decisive points margin in the feature bout extending a streak of twenty matches without a loss.
The Chang Zheng 4B experienced its only launch failure on 9 December 2013, with the loss of the CBERS-3 satellite.
This impacts the bone loss in an individual's body.
The associated hearing loss with diabetes is typically more common and more quickly declining in men than in women.
In February 2017 Siemens announced the closure of the Engesvang blade factory (Denmark), with the loss of 430 jobs, citing the plants inability to produce larger size blades.
His last game for Bohs was the 1983 FAI Cup Final loss.
The recording by Joe Loss and His Orchestra Vocal: Elizabeth Batey was made in London on January 25, 1939.
These are shown above for the case of a high pass section with basic loss.
While anterior teeth may retain their natural position even after loss of posterior teeth, the masticatory forces will eventually cause the single-rooted anterior to splay, thus leading to a collapsed bite.
p.  In its biggest loss to the co-ed movement which affected some fraternities on a few campuses in the 1970s, Phi Sigma Kappa's Nu Deuteron chapter at Stanford University voted to admit women in 1973, and thus voluntarily removed itself from the national fraternity by 'going local'.
Traffic had fallen slightly to 42,640 tons in 1898, but by 1905 was down to 12,770 tons, and the Commissioners showed a loss of £702 that year.
On 3 May 2018, Payet played in the Europa League semi-finals away to Red Bull Salzburg as Marseille played out a 1–2 away loss but secured a 3–2 aggregate win to secure a place in the 2018 UEFA Europa League Final.
In the women's draw, Elena Dementieva came back from the loss of the second set to defeat compatriot Vera Zvonareva 6–4, 1–6, 6–2, and reach her first quarterfinal spot in a Grand Slam since 2006.
Loss of aesthetic natural landscape topography and/or historical cultural landscapes.
A Yorkshire man who bowled for Warwickshire and was tipped by Plum Warner for England honours, his name was taken by P. G. Wodehouse, a noted cricket fan, for his famous fictional manservant as a memorial to his loss.
Australia's 28–10 loss away in Cape Town, after conceding 3 tries and a drop goal in the final 11 minutes of the match, led to a one-all test series against South Africa which meant that Australia was unable to reclaim the Mandela Challenge Plate.
During the 2002–03 season, Town manager Paul Groves had been dealt several blows by the loss of loanee Steve Kabba as well as injuries to other forwards such as Michael Boulding while Phil Jevons was loaned out for financial reasons, this in turn saw Groves forced to select inexperienced youngsters such as Mansaram and David Soames.
He made his Tranmere debut on the same day his transfer was announced, coming on as an 82nd-minute substitute in a 3–1 home loss to Swansea City in the League Cup.
Siena's season ended one game short of the sweet sixteen in an 84–72 loss to 12th seeded Villanova.
After his baseball career, Bacsik was a radio producer for KTCK, but was fired after posting "Congratulations to all the dirty Mexicans in San Antonio" on Twitter following a Dallas Mavericks playoff loss to the Spurs in 2010.
Work was only started on its construction before work came to an end with Germany's loss of the war.
Another blowout in 1881 and a gradual loss of funding halted the project in 1887.
The Bulls were beaten in the Challenge Cup Final by St. Helens for the 2nd time in 2 years as they succumbed to a 32–22 defeat, this also marked the Bulls 1st loss of the season.
Bradford started June with a 38–26 loss at the hands of St Helens R.F.C.
The biological function of F-spondin and SCO-spondin on the deflection of commissural axons in the neural tube was assessed respectively by experiments of gain and loss of function and by analyses of mutants with defective floor plate.
Soon after taking over Michigan, he became well known after the video of a very emotional news conference, which took place February 28, 2008 after a dramatic loss to Wisconsin, became a popular internet video.
Dargis was not impressed by the production design; she cited the loss of Eastwood's regular collaborator Henry Bumstead—who died in 2006—as a factor in Changelings "overly pristine" look.
In 1987–88, Losada served a loan stint with RCD Español and netted eight top division goals during the campaign, also helping the team reach the UEFA Cup final: he scored twice in the first leg for the Catalans (3–0), but missed his penalty shootout attempt in the eventual loss against Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
The shapes of the curves were chosen "based on the concept that the rate of weight loss would progressively decrease and reach a relative plateau" at the final weight.
Due to roof damage caused by Wilma and the loss of power at the BankAtlantic Center, the Panthers also had to postpone their October 29 match up against the Washington Capitals.
His last round loss to Peter Svidler knocked his August rating below 2800 for the first time since April 2016.
The major clinical utility of the test in the 21st century is in the condition, cortico-basal ganglionic degeneration, where, in addition to evidence of basal ganglia dysfunction, the presence of cortical sensory loss is likely to have reasonably high specificity for the diagnosis.
Efficient B1 B cell development appears to be dependent on positive regulators of BCR signaling and the loss of negative regulators promotes greater accumulation of B1 B cells.
In the first semester of 2014, JPMC recorded a net loss of $9.4 million, mainly due to lower commodity prices and higher fuel costs.
The existing fire insurance companies, being an outgrowth of volunteer firefighting associations, only insured buildings from loss.
This process was not without its fights and loss of lives.
During week six against the Destroyers, he recorded six receptions for 90 yards and three touchdowns, and 1.5 tackles, one tackle for loss.
Most violence and civil unrest in the 1960s, by contrast, arose out of poverty and problems caused by massive loss of working-class jobs through industrial restructuring.
This facility was constructed following the loss by fire of the original Elrose Arena.
 an associated loss in hamstring strength (i.e.
The cost of the acquisition was so considerable that the company was operating at a net loss.
After a loan spell at SPAL, he returned to Piacenza for the 2003–04, with which he made 13 appearances, scoring his first goal in a 3–2 home loss to Napoli.
Marítimo, replacing striker Weldon in the 29th minute after goalkeeper Paulo Costinha had been sent off, in an eventual 1–3 home loss.
Also there are sanctions against those who access data inappropriately, specifically instant dismissal and loss of professional registration.
Threats to species include habitat loss, avian malaria, predation by non-native mammals, and competition from non-native birds.
He was labeled a traitor in Sweden and was sentenced to death, along with other officers, for the loss of Finland.
| 1997-09-07 || Loss ||align=left| Ernesto Hoost || K-1 Grand Prix '97 1st Round || Osaka, Japan || KO (right cross) || 2 || 0:34
Success has been limited of late, although John Mitchels player Brien Costello, captained Tralee CBS to Munster Colleges Senior 'A' Corn Uí Mhuirí Glory and in the All-Ireland Colleges Hogan Cup Final loss to Omagh CBS in 2007.
The penniless Leonard Outram attempts to redress the undeserved loss of his family estates by seeking his fortune in Africa.
However dismal mid-season form saw them sucked into the bottom half of the Premiership, and at one stage they looked in real danger of being relegated (notably after their 7–0 loss to Arsenal), although a subsequent recovery — which included a 3–0 win over eventual champions Chelsea — saw them finish fourteenth.
In the match, he scored 1 and 2 and bowled 4 overs for the loss of 7 runs.
Exactly one week later, on September 23, 2006, in a 4–3 loss to D.C. United, Altidore scored again.
The decision undoubtedly saved Moss' life, for Tolley, 37 players and 37 others perished on November 14, 1970 in the crash of Southern Airways Flight 932 following Marshall's loss at East Carolina.
This error can be very disorienting and usually causes a brief loss of situation awareness or automation surprise if noticed right away.
In the early 1950s he tried to defend Short Brothers from the loss of work due to the suspension of work on the de Havilland Comet airliner, which had suffered a series of disasters.
DHX's debt had increased following the Iconix acquisition, and the company reported a net loss of  during its fiscal fourth quarter.
Jefferson Davis sent a letter of condolences on January 5, 1889, to Leathers over the loss of the boat.
Forest loss in the Bamenda-Banso Highlands and also to certain degree in the Obudu Plateau is reported as more than 50% since the 1960s because of conversion to agricultural lands and good rainfall conditions.
Studies have also shown that single amino acid changes in genes involved in oncogenic disorders may result in proteolytic degradation leading to loss of function and reduced stability of the mutant protein; a common mechanism for inactivating tumor suppressor gene products.
As a result, there is a net loss in energy, comparable to one molecule of ATP.
The loss did not prevent football historian Parke H. Davis from naming Pitt as that season's national champion.
Following a period of hiatus due to the loss of artistic director in 2008, the company returned in 2010 with a new production in collaboration with the Indefinite Articles theatre company, entitled The Chalk Giants.
In another game with the Titans on November 16, Podlesh had 10 punts for a career-high 409 net yards in the 24–14 loss.
He started in place of injured left defensive end Ray Edwards in the Wild Card Playoff game against the Philadelphia Eagles on January 4, 2009, and was credited with a team-best 7 quarterback hurries while also registering 2 solo tackles and a tackle for a loss.
times and registered 175 tackles (84 solos), 18 sacks and 29.5 stops for loss and 52 quarterback pressures and nine pass deflections, recovered three fumbles, including one for a touchdown and caused five fumbles.
With the loss, the Redskins entered their bye week 6–3.
The amount of blood loss can be copious, and can occur very rapidly.
However, in a match against Parma on 21 October 2012, Romero was sent-off in the 34th minute for conceding a penalty, in a 1–2 loss.
The loss ended Evert's streak of six consecutive US Open finals.
Lig following a home loss against relegated Kasımpaşa with a 2–1 score.
Stress hormone linked to short-term memory loss as we age.
His first appearance as a professional took place on 14 January 2007, as he came on as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 away loss against UD Almería.
Also, mutations at these specific amino acid residues causes complete loss of function since the mutations change the catalytic site of the chlorophyllase enzyme.
It states that "The aim of the Convention is to establish a form of modern governance which strengthens Cornwall, her role in the affairs of the country, and positively addresses the problems that have arisen from more than a century of growing isolation and loss of confidence."
This suggests that the reduced AGAT may correlate with loss of heart function.
Folk's career-high and Jets record of 23 consecutive field goals made was snapped after missing from 48 yards during a 37–14 loss against the Bills.
Some rooms contain non-player character pirates, contact with which will cause the loss of one of the player's three lives.
The loss dropped the Chiefs to 5–7.
The EXUP system was mainly found in US and some European models to compensate for the loss of power caused by emissions related modifications for those markets.
 Loss Is To Be Expected by Ulrich Seidl
They all bear a waterproof outer cuticle layer wherever they are exposed to air (as do some bryophytes), to reduce water loss, but since a total covering would cut them off from  in the atmosphere tracheophytes use variable openings, the stomata, to regulate the rate of gas exchange.
Goldthorpe made his first grade debut for Western Suburbs on 1 July 1990, coming off the bench in a loss to Cronulla.
April 26: The franchise's first-ever American League contest ends as a 10–6 loss to the Baltimore Orioles at Oriole Park in Baltimore.
Along with other wrecks they were used in the construction of the Stockton breakwall where plaques commemorate the loss of each of the ships including the Cawarra''.
The fraudulent funding request caused National City Bank to incur a loss of $12,744,678.16."
He finally returned to the first team on 11 April 2014, when he started and completed a 3–2 loss at home to his former club, Olympique Marseille.
Later, he clarified that he couldn't act in the film due to personal reasons, and it would always be a loss for him.
(and following by a year or two the loss of bandmates Duane Allman and Berry Oakley in motorcycle accidents).
They were replaced by pneumatic valve springs introduced by Renault in 1986, which inherently have a rising rate (progressive rate) that allowed them to have an extremely high spring rate at larger valve strokes without much increasing the driving power requirements at smaller strokes, thus lowering the overall power loss.
He called it a day after Geelong's narrow loss to Hawthorn at the Docklands in the 2000 Elimination Final, the first finals match played at the Docklands.
In March 2008 he made his international debut for Haiti in a 3-1 loss to Ecuador.
Bertin represented Haiti at the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup in the United States, and made his debut in the nation's final group stage game, a 0–2 loss against Canada.
She began to show strange and debilitating symptoms at the end of 1994, when she reported experiencing acute stomach pain and extensive hair loss.
This parakeet is one of New Zealand's rarest birds and is classified as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List, as a result of a range of threats to the species survival, including habitat loss, predation, and hybridization.
In Week 9, he collected a season-high eight combined tackles during a 28–10 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
One of these is brain drain, where a migrant who migrates because of skills or education creates a loss of human resources in the country of origin.
Unfortunately, she suffered a straight set loss in the final round of qualifying to Verónica Cepede Royg.
During Week 16, Campbell tied his season-high of four solo tackles during a 47–7 loss at the New England Patriots.
In Week 5, Campbell recorded two solo tackles, deflected a pass, and made the second interception of his career in the Cardinals' 41–20 loss at the Denver Broncos.
In the next week's game against Virginia, he had five receptions for 108 receiving yards in the 30–10 loss.
After a slow start to the 2013 season with only four receptions for 37 receiving yards in the 34–24 victory over the Minnesota Vikings, he had six receptions for 116 yards and two touchdowns in a 25–21 loss to the Arizona Cardinals.
It can also cause mucosal erosions and superficial hemorrhages in patients who are critically ill, or in those who are under extreme physiologic stress, causing blood loss that can require blood transfusion.
He made his senior Republic of Ireland debut at the age of 31 in a 2-0 friendly loss against France in May 2018.
It was the Eagles' only score of the contest in a lopsided 42-7 loss.
Applications of potassium fertilizer can minimize yield loss, severity, and leaf drop.
Despite a promising season, with a loss to the St. Louis Cardinals on September 14, 2011, the team lost its 82nd game of the season, ensuring a 19-year losing season streak.
Also, the Pilots had to pay the PCL $1 million to compensate for the loss of one of its most successful franchises.
Bacon was deeply affected by the loss of Dyer, and he had recently lost four other friends and his nanny.
This minimizes the loss of data when transferred from other software and avoids some of the problems caused by transferring files through the limited but universal GEDCOM format.
He made it four goals in his first three games when he scored a late consolation strike in Stevenage's 2–1 loss at Walsall on 19 October.
At first shaken by the loss, first Howard, then Curtin, grasp the immense irony of their circumstances, and they burst into laughter.
Marden's unwavering determination to start from scratch after this devastating loss was characteristic of the man and his writings.
Argentina-born De Vicenzo was a good sport about the loss by a technicality, and, in acknowledging that he had signed the scorecard without looking at it, commented to reporters, "What a stupid I am!".
Washing skin repeatedly can damage the protective external layer and cause transepidermal loss of water.
The storm struck both communities, and the bridge in between, causing the loss of many lives, and on October 17, the toll collector on the bridge closed off the gate and did not allow any person to cross.
Insurance companies turn to loss adjusters to put uncertainty into insurance, and thus reintroduce uncertainty to insured people."
 Preliminary Bottom Loss Data from Explosive Sound Sources in Area 'A',
At retirement of the tank, the expenses actually incurred to remove the tank are booked against the ARO, and a gain or loss is recognized for the difference.
The chronic form typically presents more gradually with abdominal pain after eating, unintentional weight loss, vomiting, and fear of eating.
It is not a major source of crop loss, but is considered dangerous for plants during the seedling stage.
As a result, progressive wilting, premature dying, loss of vigor, and reduced yield are characteristic symptoms of M. phaseolina infection.
Australia experienced the greatest loss known early in the 20th century due to susceptibility of popular wheat varieties and lack of fungicides at the time.
When hunters cause local extinctions of top predators, the predators' prey's population numbers increase, causing an overexploitation of a food resource and a cascade effect of species loss.
After loss of power a fan stopped and the cooling for the tube and tube socket ceased.
The Soviet spacecraft Luna E-6 No.8, intended to be the first spacecraft to perform a soft landing on the Moon, was lost in a launch failure when a nitrogen pipeline in the oxidizer tank depressurized, causing a loss of oxidizer flow to the engine and resulting in the engine cutting off.
Fearing the loss of the money if they renege on the Simla commission, Babu keeps the information from Gopu.
Treatments tend to be 40 minutes or longer, resulting in greater OR time, more anesthesia and greater blood loss when compared to electron IORT.
 Robert Schumann: Songs of Love and Loss (Eugene Asti) – Chandos, 2008
Flores in turn lost his title to Kim and Tokashiki set out to avenge his gymmate's Gushiken's loss of his title.
After successfully bouncing back from his third professional loss, Kameda was scheduled to face Yonfrez Parejo in a WBA super bantamweight title eliminator.
After a home playoff loss to the Minnesota Vikings 14-7 on a saturated field in game which has been termed the "Mud Bowl", Rams head coach Chuck Knox was fired due to ownership's frustration that Knox had not been able to reach the Super Bowl.
These mammals move under the snow for protection from heat loss and some predators.
A second loss to the Seymour Panthers shut out Stamford's hopes for another district title and another shot at the state crown.
The subsequent fall of the fort and the loss of Cape Fear River shipping greatly diminished the south's ability to prosecute the war and eventually helped lead to a cessation of fighting.
Hall was also selected for the 2011 Four Nations, scoring 2 tries against Australia at Wembley in a 20–36 loss.
Falling crowd numbers led to the NSWRFL making a substantial loss in 1925, forcing changes to be made.
On January 2, 2009, Harrell played his final collegiate game, a 34–47 loss to Ole Miss in the 2009 AT&T Cotton Bowl Classic.
Following his loss to Sulla, Papius is said to have been granted Roman citizenship.
Finally, in a Week 13 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs at home, another major injury befell the Jets.
Enolase deficiency is a rare inborn error of metabolism disease, leads to hemolytic anemia in affected homozygous carriers of loss of function mutations in ENO1.
After two points in nine games caused the team to fall into the bottom half, Reja was sacked on 10 March 2009, following a 0–2 home loss to Lazio, and replaced by former Italian team boss Roberto Donadoni.
Spain was relegated to Group D.  The Spanish led by two in both their final games, but tied them, and their earlier loss to South Korea sealed their fate.
After the title loss, Backlund wrestled progressively less often, never again reaching main event status.
On 1 January 2010, Wirth signed a contract with Unión Española, after being released by Colo-Colo. Rainer officially debuted on 16 July in a 2–1 home loss against Unión San Felipe, recently in the second part of the tournament after of the FIFA World Cup.
Speed made his final major league appearance in 1979, as a pinch runner for Cliff Johnson, in a Cleveland 4-3 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.
On September 12, 2010, Spiller played in his first career NFL game in a home loss against the Miami Dolphins.
Like other corals, it is threatened by the overall loss of reef habitat, but its abundance makes it resilient as a species.
Vancouver – who were reinforced with players picked up from the Port Moody Express and Armstrong Shamrocks – cruised through the round-robin section with a record of three wins and one loss against their Prince George opposition which then advanced them to the gold medal game for the second time in three years.
It is proposed that nest boxes be used to counter habitat loss and predation in Hispaniola.
14 January — American Confederate paddle steamer Lelia sinks off the north Wales coast with the loss of eighteen lives.
Based upon this observation, it has been proposed that a possible therapeutic approach to Alzheimer’s might involve shifting the conformational preference of IDE to the open state, and thus increasing Aβ degradation, preventing aggregation, and, ideally, preventing the neuronal loss that leads to disease symptoms.
A loss of 3 dB across a link means the light at the far end is only half the intensity of the light that was sent into the fiber.
However, Palestinians were regularly barred from reaching any Dead Sea beaches for fear that Arab presence would cause loss of Jewish customers for establishments along the shore.
The farming effort failed and in 1902 they sold it to Abraham Van Winkle for a £10 loss (£135).
Bariatric surgery (or weight loss surgery) includes a variety of procedures performed on people who are obese.
Weight loss outcomes are comparable to gastric bypass.
Response varied significantly by species, with some showing much greater gains and a few showing a loss.
On 24 October 2021 the sides met in the Premier League where Manchester United suffered their heaviest ever home defeat to Liverpool in a 5–0 loss with goals from Mohamed Salah, Naby Keita, and Diogo Jota.
A kind old woman takes her in and laments the loss of her son to marriage, and the new motorway cutting off her village from the world.
The prompt and decisive action of Lieutenant Napier contributed in large measure to keeping the loss of life to a minimum.
Unlike the Skill, with its great loss of life, all crew members of U-593 survived its sinking, and were taken captive by Allied forces.
The Giants allowed six sacks in their week seven 17–12 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
In 2020 the company reported revenue of almost $319 million, an increase of some 30%, and a net income loss of $3.19 million, up 130% on the previous year.
Cornerback Deion Sanders suffered an injury to his toe in a regular season victory over Arizona and made a surprise return against them in the playoff loss.
Dallas dominated early, but as the Steelers gained momentum and threatened an upset over the heavily favored Cowboys, starting cornerback Larry Brown, after the tragic loss of his son Kristopher during the season, was named Super Bowl XXX Most Valuable Player when he made his second interception of a pass from Steelers quarterback Neil O'Donnell to seal the game.
The following week the Cowboys missed an opportunity to take command in the NFC East when they suffered a devastating loss to the Washington Redskins.
The expense of printing the issue, which raised its cover price to $20, resulted in a significant financial loss for its creator and brought publication of the series to an end.
It wasn't until on 11 April 2012 when he returned to the starting line–up and scored his first goal, on his return, in a 3–1 loss against Roma.
In the period from 1350 to 1550, coinciding with the total loss of independence and Danish rule, the difference between Norwegian and Icelandic grew even larger.
He scored his first NHL goal late in the season against goaltender Dominik Hašek, in a 3–2 loss against the Red Wings on April 3, 2008.
His first cap came in a 1–0 loss to Canada in Quebec in June.
On 21 April 2009, in the last minute of a 2–3 loss at Real Madrid, Casquero was involved in an incident with Pepe (with the score then at 2–2): he was fouled in the area by the Portuguese, and then kicked twice while still on the ground after the penalty kick was awarded.
Harris faces four batters, two from his usual right side and two from the left, in the ninth inning of a 9–7 loss to the Cincinnati Reds.
Even with a tough loss against the Chicago Bears and a humiliating shutout against the New England Patriots, the Bucs finished 11–5 and won the NFC South by virtue of a tie-breaker over the Panthers.
The Grenadiers also killed at least 15 Germans, captured 31 others, and opened a kilometer-wide gap in the German front line, against a loss of only one Guardsman killed and one wounded.
Against Montreal for the third straight year he had two tackles in Toronto's second straight loss in the division championship.
His second game was a 1–0 loss to Sweden on August 16, 1995.
Recent studies have also shown that malfunctioning of TLR5 is likely related to rheumatoid arthritis, osteoclastogenesis, and bone loss.
Their theme was the expulsion of Asians from the country by Idi Amin and the subsequent loss and grief caused.
Loss of a level of command: Previously there had been Company Commanders (captain), Battalion Commanders (major or lieutenant colonel), and Regimental Commanders (colonel); the pentomic structure eliminated the level of Battalion Commander.
KG 55 had immediate success, damaging the Soviet destroyer Sposobnyy and scoring hits on the cruiser Frunze for one bomber loss to Soviet fighters.
The financial loss from the rupture with Troutman is credited as one of the factors that derailed Clinton's musical career and sent Funkadelic into hiatus.
Therefore, the only remaining live controversy in Geduldig was whether appellee Jaramillo and others similarly situated were entitled to benefits for work loss related to normal and generally healthy pregnancy and childbirth.
Pitcher Wilson Álvarez takes the loss for Tampa while third baseman Wade Boggs hit the first home run in team history and drives in three runs.
They are threatened with habitat loss caused by the draining of wetlands for cultivation.
Playing both offense and defense in this era before free substitution, McColl began the 1950 season on defense as a defensive end, but was moved to the defensive tackle slot by head coach Marchie Schwartz in mid-October following the loss of two key players to knee injuries.
In his Mishle Asaf, he so blended the style of the Bible with modern fine writing that the critics of his time were at a loss how to characterize the work.
However over the autumn months an injury crisis began with the loss of Scotland captain Jason White to a knee injury whilst playing against Romania.
However, the depot caught fire on May 27, 1988, a complete loss.
Afterwards, Gramatica took blame for the loss saying "It hurts because I let the guys down."
The Shadow Initiative retakes the prison, albeit with the loss of several new members; the survivors realize that Osborn intended for the team to be expendable.
Martin served on the Derby-West Kimberley Shire Council, and was a member of the National Association for Loss and Grief in Western Australia, the Industry Training Advisory Board, and the Support Committee for Young Women's Health Wise.
On hearing of the loss of Stockport, Colonel Rigby's forces abandoned the Siege of Lathom House and retired to Bolton, where the garrison was commanded by Colonel Shuttleworth.
The Eastern Division lead was held by Houston, except for a setback from a 14–13 loss to Oakland on September 25.
Weather conditions were favourable for the attackers, and Tirpitz was sunk with heavy loss of life.
The fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis can be found on every continent with fertile soil and has contributed to the loss of some species of frogs and salamanders.
However, three years later, the Railway was already operating at a loss and so an operation study for the CGR was conducted by Bedford Glasier.
This feat was accomplished without the loss of a single man wounded or killed.
He made his European debut on 15 July 2006 in a UEFA Intertoto Cup match, playing 90 minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Kalmar; ultimately winning 3–1 in the second leg.
His second goal for the club then came on 16 November 2017, in a 2–1 loss against Adelaide United.
Cardinals coach Don Coryell, already feuding with team owner Bill Bidwill, was also fired shortly after the loss.
In a game that would have clinched the Buccaneers' first playoff berth, coach McKay was booed after a one-point loss in which three kick attempts were blocked.
Chelsea were knocked out by Barcelona after a highly controversial performance by referee Tom Henning Øvrebø, while Arsenal's 3–1 loss to Manchester United in the second leg of the semi-finals was the club's first defeat at the Emirates Stadium in a European competition.
That is, the salvage pathway (and thus dCK) is upregulated when the de novo pathway is downregulated or inhibited in order to compensate for the loss in nucleotide production.
With this final score, the Ravens suffered their second loss and fell to 5–2.
Conservation groups are concerned about the loss of large, old growth trees that provide unique habitat for wildlife, and the cumulative impact of large private landowners using harmful logging practices across huge tracts of land in the Sierra Nevada.
| 2005-07-20 || Loss ||align=left| Buakaw Por.
In the 2005–06 season, Bouaouzan's first appearance in Eredivisie came on 21 August 2005, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 loss against Feyenoord.
He scored on his debut, on 18 January 2006, in a 3–1 loss against N.E.C.
Its loss was slight—six wounded, one mortally.
The victim's car would be a total loss.
Coach McKay said, "if we had a high bridge here, I'd jump off it", after an early loss to the Kansas City Chiefs in which the Buccaneers achieved only 12 yards rushing and the special teams "completely collapsed".
The fact that mir-16 microRNA loss is observed in a large proportion of cells indicates the change occurred early in cancer development and a target for therapeutic intervention.
He homers off Felipe Lira in the seventh inning of the Orioles' 5–4, 12-inning loss to the Detroit Tigers at Camden Yards.
There is emerging evidence that magnetic resonance imaging can observe deterioration, including progressive loss of gray matter in the brain, from mild cognitive impairment to full-blown Alzheimer disease.
After two rounds of the 1994 season, Footscray sacked then-coach Terry Wheeler following a heavy loss to Geelong.
This development contradicted McKay's statements following the previous season's postseason loss to Dallas, in which McKay expressed confidence in his existing lineup.
Yield loss due to angular leaf spot disease has not been studied much, but it is thought to be one of the most severe of all of the diseases affecting muscadine grapes.
A further loss is reported in a letter by Haydn dated 23 January 1765 (the earliest preserved letter of the composer).
2 Florida by a score of 31–20, giving the Crimson Tide their first loss of the year.
In Week 8 in a 23–20 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Jones had 12 receptions for 162 yards and a touchdown.
In Week 12, against the New Orleans Saints on Thanksgiving, Jones had 11 receptions for 147 yards in the 31–17 loss.
Promised lineup changes after the previous week's loss to the Saints included Steve Courson and Ron Heller moving into the starting lineup at left guard and right tackle, respectively.
The electrons left behind from the loss of the proton move down to form a new double bond to the imine, which in turn pushes the already double bonded electrons through PLP and end up as a lone pair on the positively charged nitrogen in the six-membered ring of the molecule.
The red-billed curassow has a very limited range in eastern Brazil and populations there are declining because of habitat loss and hunting.
Ron Holmes debuted in the following week's loss to Atlanta, although the pass defense saw little improvement.
9 September 1986 DeBerg placed blame for the loss on himself, but teammates defended him, pointing out that he was under constant pressure from the 49ers' pass rush.
After the Cutthroats first round loss to eventual champions, the Allen Americans, Smyth announced the end of his 20-year playing career by accepting an assistant coach and assistant director of hockey operations role within the Cutthroats on June 4, 2013.
The Buccaneers suffered their twelfth consecutive loss to the Bears, as Neal Anderson rushed for two first-quarter touchdowns, and Mike Tomczak threw a 40-yard touchdown to Brad Muster.
It achieved very little, and the German force suffered a loss of some 329 machines during the five months of operations—an average of 77 per month—before it was abandoned.
The Luftwaffe groups reported the loss of 14 aircraft and one damaged.
The convoy loss rate dropped to 1% in October.
Historically, this pathogen has been rather low risk, because infected crops do not typically exhibit significant yield loss.
In August 2007, the company began retrofitting its unmarked vans and trucks with a new security and alarm system using chain of custody technology to reduce the exposure of customer data to possible loss.
The rust is distinguished by the typical rust-like marks on the stem and leaves, causing defoliation and loss of photosynthetic surface along with reduction in yield.
Infection of M. perniciosa on T. cacao causes Witches’ Broom Disease (WBD), which show distinctive symptoms of hypertrophy and hyperplasia of distal tissue of the infection site, loss of apical dominance, proliferation of auxiliary shoots, and the formation of abnormal stems resulting in a broom-like structure called a green broom.
However, this was followed by the depression, and, for Lowell, massive loss of jobs and wages and a 12% drop in population.
On 18 April 2009, he scored his first Bundesliga goal in a 2–1 loss to VfL Wolfsburg.
As a member of the Cardinals, Reynolds' first multiple-home-run game came against the Pittsburgh Pirates in a 6−5 extra-inning loss on July 12.
Increment loss, tree deformity, and tree mortality follow several years of heavy infestation.
The loss of these players contributed to the relegation of the first XI at the end of the 1987–88 season.
2.0-megapixel camera (2.0 After Quality Loss from origin 2.3)
The mid-century loss of 10,000 industrial jobs from restructuring of railroads and the meat processing industry meant increasing poverty among people who stayed.
His first match with the national team came in a September 20, 1978 loss to Portugal.
Distraught by the loss of her son, Anna grows severely depressed and self-medicates with laudanum.
Affected people may present with fever and weight loss.
Plasmati scored his first Serie A goal at San Siro, Milan in a 1–2 loss to the most recent champions Internazionale.
After the loss of the African mainland territories of the exarchate to the Umayyad dynasty in 709, the empire's power in the West deteriorated further.
His first cap came in a February 11, 1979 loss to the Soviet Union.
After a 4–1 loss to bottom side Sunshine Coast Wanderers on Sunday 30 August 2020, Knights parted ways with head coach Grae Piddick.
Seen in lateral views in plain x-ray films, compression fractures of the spine characteristically appear as wedge deformities, with greater loss of height anteriorly than posteriorly and intact pedicles in the anteroposterior view.
He made his Copa Libertadores debut on 11 February 2004 in a group stage match against São Paulo FC, which finished in a 2–1 loss for Alianza.
Sales subsequently declined 15.5% from $67.9 million USD in 1998, with a net profit of $5.9 million, to $57.4 million in 1999, with a net loss of $2.9 million.
As a senior in 2003, he was in on 91 tackles, 23 tackles for a loss, and 15 sacks, helping his team to an undefeated record and the state UIL school championship.
Its opening, by the Duke of Connaught, was received with hopeful enthusiasm, unfortunately not matched by the weather, which contributed to a £30,000 loss, equivalent to nearly £2M at today's value.
Martin felt the personal loss of his best friend and partner and "many consider that it was this painful tragedy that really fired the passionate interest in the safety of aircrews, which was later to become the very pivot of his life".
However, others disputed this view, and put Labour's loss at the 2015 general election down to the party being too right-wing.
The high percentage of yes voters stunned everybody, and was interpreted as a manifestation of a remarkable loss of significance of the military in Swiss society.
The tactic was partly successful, but was abandoned after the loss of two C-class submarines.
He played his 100th game for the team in a loss to Manchester City on 26 July 2020.
He managed to reach the landmark, but handed his team the loss in the process.
On 21 November 2007, he scored his 10th goal for the Faroese national team, in a 1–3 away loss to Italy, hence breaking Todi Jónsson's record, and became all-time leading scorer of his country.
The arrival of westerners represented for the Yanesha' the loss of land and a dramatic change of living customs ensued; they were grouped into towns and their extensive territories became the property of colonists.
In 1910, it operated as the mutual association, a co-op which insured against crop and livestock loss.
LLWAS microburst alerts are issued for greater than 30 knot loss of airspeed at the runway or within three nautical miles of approach or two nautical miles of departure.
The film recorded a loss of $267,000.
He made his debut in a 7-0 loss versus West Germany on 21 October 1959.
Some local residentssay that Mohan is derived from Moh meaning devotional love in Hindi and han meaning loss.
Subsequently, the team turned professional for the first time ever, but the manager was sacked before Christmas, after a 0–1 home loss against CD Castellón B; the side eventually finished in mid-table.
His poem of just over 600 lines is a thanksgiving, although illness, loss of property, and dangers from invasion occupy more space in it than do days of happiness.
When a ship burned in the harbor, people blamed her for the loss of life.
In the second of these Dafydd Llwyd o Fathafarn expresses the deep sense of anger and loss in Powys at the taking of his life:
A false report reaches Romelio and Leonora that both Ercole and Contarino are dead; Leonora is devastated by the news of Contarino's loss.
However, Jüri Uluots the last constitutional prime minister at the time of Soviet occupation, maintained that Vares' appointment as prime minister was illegitimate, and therefore he was the legitimate acting head of state with the loss of Päts.
Styles continued to follow broad Greek trends, with increasing sophistication and classical realism often accompanied by a loss of energy and character.
In his first two seasons in Istanbul, Güiza helped the team to consecutive Turkish Cup finals, netting in the 2008–09 edition in a 4–2 loss to Beşiktaş JK.
Shared Interest can do this only because its own members are prepared to accept the risk of loss on their investment in Shared Interest, and to accept the limited and currently lower financial returns resulting from the high costs of dealing with emerging organisations in the Global South.
He scored his first goal for the club on 17 April 2013, scoring in a 3-2 loss against Kataller Toyama.
He went on to total 249 games and nine goals in La Liga, where he first appeared on 10 September 2000 in a 0–2 home loss to RC Celta de Vigo, and played 36 matches in his first year in the top tier.
In their report they described how, "In Alberta, major floods along rivers and streams have resulted in loss of lives and hundreds of millions of dollars in damages.
Levothyroxine, a T4 analogue, improves insulin sensitivity and weight loss in horses.
With the American Civil War raging, Baltzell recovered from his Supreme Court loss and won a seat in the Florida House of Representatives from 1862 to 1863.
A safe work procedure is a step by step description of a process when deviation may cause a loss.
A wash sale, in which the investor sells an asset and buys it (or a similar asset) right back, cannot be treated as a loss at all, although there are other potential tax benefits as consolation.
His debut came on 23 January 1963 against Bulgaria, for the 1964 European Nations' Cup qualifiers (0–1 replay loss in Rome).
He allowed three runs on three hits and was removed after  innings, taking the loss.
On June 1, 2014, Aumont was recalled by the Phillies; he pitched in his first game back on the roster and took the loss.
Some features of newly improved stoves include a chimney, enclosing the fire to retain heat, designing a pot holder to maximize heat transfer, dampers to control air flow, a ceramic insert to reduce heat loss, and multi-pot systems to allow for cooking multiple dishes.
Furthermore, Wade maintained a past due balance of $3,868.40 on his UCR corporate bank card that the university said it ended up writing off as a loss.
The equations above find the impedance and loss for an attenuator with given resistor values.
Kennedy then scored in a 3–2 loss at home to Notts County on 29 October 2005, followed up by scoring a week later on 5 November 2005, in a 2–2 home draw with Scunthorpe United in the first round of the FA Cup.
On November 16, 2007, Trudeau was found in contempt of the 2004 court order for making "patently false" claims in his weight loss book.
Frances, Lady Norton (; 1644 – 20 February 1731) was an English religious poet and prose writer who primarily wrote about grief and particularly the loss of her daughter, Grace Gethin.
Excessive flexing or chemical changes in the parchment can lead to loss of pigment and text.
During a loss to the St. Louis Hawks at Kiel Auditorium on January 20, 1963, Hightower scored a season high in points with 28 in 41 minutes played.
In August 2012, Handler played a lead role in saving Knight Capital Group after the company suffered a $440 million loss due to a 'technology glitch.'
 Since the aluminium strands are "dead-soft" to begin with, the conductor may be operated at temperatures in excess of  without loss of strength.
Barrios debuted for Montpellier in Francés Ligue 1 in a 2–0 away loss against Olympique Marseille on 17 August 2014.
She defeated Hannah Collin and Ayami Takase to reach the quarter finals of the former - losing to Mi-Ra Jeon - and reached the second round in the latter with another win over Takase, before close three-set loss to Nana Miyagi.
The novel tells of the surreal events that transpire when the narrator, at a loss in life, answers an advert to be a lodger and farm worker on a remote farm in the Lake District.
Unable to handle his first ever loss, Nike mentally falls to pieces and becomes a vegetable.
Chalk played a total of 71 games for Canberra and his last game for the club was a 36-10 loss against Cronulla in the 2008 qualifying final.
Stere Adamache played 7 games at international level for Romania, making his debut in a friendly, under coach Angelo Niculescu, when he came as a substitute and replaced Rică Răducanu at half-time in a 2–0 loss against France.
This species has a wide range and a large population, but it has experienced population reduction of more than 30% over the last 90–100 years due to exploitation of the plant for medicinal purposes and the loss of habitat due to deforestation by logging and agricultural expansion.
Many who had tried to defeat him not only suffered the circumstances of losing, but is left with his trademark: a 7-centimeter scar that he always leaves behind them to remind them of their loss.
A month later on 22 November 2014, he scored his second goal of the season, in a 3–1 loss against Eintracht Frankfurt.
Devastated by the loss of their commander, the French hastily surrendered all their advantages, and Montecucculi sharply following up their retreat, and drove them over the Rhine and almost to the Vosges.
The Imperial cavalry charged the Prussians, and although driven off with loss, bought enough time for the Reichsarmy grenadiers to take possession of the hill.
The species became internationally known and threatened by collectors, after a marketing campaign falsely claimed that it was an appetite suppressant for weight loss.
A description of the method was published by the U.S. government under the title "Prediction of tropospheric radio transmission loss over irregular terrain.
| 2013-02-07 || Loss ||align=left| Somrak Thor.Thepsuthin || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
During his spell with the Stadio Renato Dall'Ara-based side, Crespo made his debut in Serie A on 21 December 2011, playing the entire 0–2 home loss against A.S. Roma.
His first game with the senior team came in another bruising loss, this time an 11–0 defeat at the hands of Norway on August 6, 1948.
After the last game of the season, a 2–1 loss away to Eastleigh, Kevin announced that he would not be signing a new contract and was looking for a new club.
The team also suggested that Gigantoraptor might have been "naked" because it is 300 times as heavy as species like Caudipteryx, and large animals tend to rely more on mass for temperature regulation, leading to the loss of insulating coverings found on their smaller relatives.
In May 2008, days before his term was to expire with the outgoing Chen administration, Huang resigned over the loss of public money equivalent to US$30 million during a controversial failed attempt to secure diplomatic ties with Papua New Guinea.
OSMRβ is not only overexpressed in patients with chronic dilated cardiomyopathy but has been shown to control dedifferentiation and loss of sarcomeric structures in myocardial infarction and dilated cardio myopathy.
Gain or loss from the sale of stock in the S corporation stock is also typically unrelated business income.
After the loss of Soriano, García built the attack around South Korean Hwang Hee-chan.
A crushing 5–0 away loss at Juventus on 25 November however persuaded club chairman Zamparini to sack Colantuono the next day and reappoint Guidolin at the helm of the rosanero.
That said, the forces which drove French colonial expansion were little slowed by a loss of political popularity.
Hall's injuries as a result of the assault included an injured tailbone, two herniated discs, and a jaw injury that prevented Hall from eating, resulting in a twenty-pound weight loss.
Loss of confidence in the ideals of the Renaissance.
Demollari went on to play six games at the Euro 1988 qualifiers, six games at the 1990 World Cup qualifiers, five at the Euro 1992 qualifiers, nine matches in which he scored his only goal for the national team in a 3–1 loss against Lithuania at the 1994 World Cup qualifiers and nine games at the Euro 1996 qualifiers.
Radu Nunweiller played 41 matches and scored 2 goals for Romania (42/2 including Romania's Olympic team games), making his debut on 21 September 1966 under coach Ilie Oană in a friendly which ended with a 2–0 loss against East Germany.
On 13 April, Varandinha suffered another loss to Benfica which was their last of the season, at the 21st round they were 7th, Varandinha finished 5th after they defeated CD Scorpion Vermelho 5–0.
In 1887, she was wrecked in rough seas near Point Nepean in Victoria, Australia, with the loss of 35 lives, after the propeller was disabled.
Calgary lost just four of its first 28 games, and on December 8 set a franchise record with its 13th consecutive game without a loss in a 5–3 victory over the Edmonton Oilers.
Brown stem rot has the uncanny ability to produce yield loss even without obvious symptoms.
Red   background  indicates regulation loss.
Since her father, Richard, is unable to cope with her condition and the loss of her mother, Esther is bounced between multiple foster parents – who struggle to cope with her profoundly demanding and unique medical needs – before winding up at a home for disabled children called the Dale Centre.
During this emotional time, Morgan finally confided in his mother the difficulties and fears he had faced over the loss of his hearing.
Also, a post-harvest symptom can be shrinkage and shriveling of the outer tissue of the potato due to water loss.
The Commission, holds a formal Plenary to discuss a spectrum of issues that involve Prisoners of War and Missing in Action such as; archival research, reported gravesites, loss incident reports, shoot-downs, archival reports, Soviet Bloc nation intelligence and reports, information passed on to the Commission and to establish the direction the USRJC and its Working Groups.
Continuous destruction of surrounding tissues due to inflammation will lead to degradation of attachment and bone, eventually causing tooth loss.
If the bone loss is extensive enough, the teeth may begin to become mobile, or loose, and without intervention to arrest the disease process, will be lost.
Another early loss ensued, this time to CoCo Vandeweghe in Miami.
The following year he dropped a decision to Michael Moorer, and after the loss his once promising career began to sour, and he morphed into a journeyman fighter.
Bohlander would bounce back from this knockout loss by putting on arguably the finest performance of his career against Kevin Jackson.
In late 1917 Drake was torpedoed by a German submarine off Northern Ireland and sank in shallow water with the loss of eighteen lives near Rathlin Island.
262, 1904, "Jack Wright and the Loss of the 'Gipsy Queen'" by anonymous (Luis Senarens).
After losing nearly $1 million in fiscal 2002, the company posted a net loss of $11.6 million on sales of $279.69 million in fiscal 2003.
He started Game 1 of the 2017 American League Championship Series against Dallas Keuchel and the Astros in a rematch of the 2015 AL Wild Card Game, taking the loss after allowing two runs in six innings.
These studies show that Jak3 is expressed in colonic mucosa of mice, and the loss of mucosal expression of Jak3 results in reduced expression of differentiation markers for the cells of both enterocytic and secretory lineages.
It participated with Sill's brigade of Sheridan's division in the five days' Battle of Stone's River, sustaining a loss of 17 killed, 85 wounded, including Captain Leonard O. Fitzgerald, mortally, and 37 missing.
In the shortened-season, Greisen led the Destroyers to a 3-1 record, with the one loss coming in the season finale against the Sacramento Mountain Lions in a game he sat out most of due to injury.
Its lyrical themes include situations and complexities in relationships, as well as dealing with loss and life transience.
This loss of myelin is different from that seen in other diseases where hypomyelination occurs.
Tigers' first loss of the season came on 24 October, at home to Worcester Wolves, in which the visitors scalped a 101–106 victory with Smith again recording a 32-point haul and contributing to his Player of the Month award for October.
Two days later, he made his Pompey debut, in a 1–3 home loss against Hartlepool United.
A. ritzeambosi causes substantial economic loss in basil crops in Italy as it infects the economically valuable portion of the plant.
In SONOS, the Oxide-Nitride-Oxide(ONO) stack is engineered to maximize the charge-trapping efficiency during erase and program operations and minimize the charge loss during the retention by controlling the deposition parameters in the ONO formation.
On Dec. 20 the regiment, with other forces, was marched out towards Lexington and Trenton to intercept the Confederates in a raid then being made against Union troops guarding the railroads, etc., and on Dec. 31 Cos. E and H were engaged in a fight with the Confederates under Forrest near Lexington, driving the enemy with considerable loss.
German reports indicate the sinking of a submarine in the Bodø area at the time by shore batteries, but the most likely cause of her loss is a mine.
On July 1, 2016, Barney made his professional pitching debut, being pressed into service in the 19th inning of a marathon game against the Cleveland Indians, and gave up the winning run, earning him a loss.
In A. mellifera scutellata, it was found that crop loads were largely contained in the abdomen, though it remains unclear whether this balances out the aforementioned energy loss from the thorax during flight.
Emperor Xizong felt depressed by the loss of his sons that he developed an addiction to alcohol and started neglecting state affairs.
This means that a lower-tier team will lose ranking points with a loss to a higher-tier team, even if the result is much closer than expected.
The loss was the team's first of the season and Valbuena was suspended for three matches.
Through PledgeMusic, they attempted to raise money for the recording of a new album, but fell short of their goal; Harrison later stated that he took most of the year off to recuperate from the loss of Reiff and other changes in his personal life.
Higher Q factors can be obtained by using low loss tangent dielectric materials for the substrate such as quartz or sapphire and lower resistance metals such as gold.
Successfully assembled constructs are selected by detecting the loss of function of a screening cassette that was originally in the destination plasmid.
To mitigate the loss, HS2 Ltd says that seven million trees and shrubs will be planted during Phase 1, creating  of new woods.
If the market closes above the intra-day exercise price, then the option will accrue an additional loss, and if the market closes below the intra-day exercise price, the option will accrue an additional gain.
In 1993, as a second seed Ječmenica reached the final of Orange Bowl 16s, where she was defeated by fifth seed Stephanie Halsell, who avenged previous years loss to Ječmenica in the quarterfinals of Junior Orange Bowl 14s (Ječmenica was eventually stopped in the semifinals of that tournament).
Two nights later, the Senators suffered a 2-0 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The EP brake fitted to this stock was not of the self lapping type and still required the Westinghouse brake as the 'fail to safe' braking as the EP brake fitted was of the 'energise to apply' type, which meant if there was a loss of brake control voltage the EP brake was inoperative.
To adjust to the loss of the Airborne Division, General Trưởng decided to pull the Marine Division out of Quảng Trị and northern Thua Thien Provinces and shift it south to cover Phú Lộc District and Da Nang.
Patients with AR STAT2 deficiency have mutations which bring substitutions at important splice sites what leads to defected splicing and premature stop codons leading to a loss of expression of an interferon-stimulated gene.
A loss to Rice in the last conference game of the year kept the Pirates out of the Conference USA Championship Game.
Harvey then made 31 and 1 in a narrow 18-run loss.
Culio made his RCD Mallorca debut, where he started the whole game, in a 1–0 loss against Reus Deportiu in the opening game of the season.
He also received two infamous penalties that negated critical first downs during the final 75 seconds of a 17-14 loss against the New York Giants,  propelling the team to a Super Bowl Championship.
Systemic consequences were felt, as Enron's creditors and other energy trading companies suffered the loss of several percentage points.
However, cameras are subject to occlusion by other objects that may result in a loss of gesture tracking.
Parra made his first career Triple-A start on June 20—a 3–0 loss in which he allowed 2 runs on 7 hits and 4 walks while striking out 6 batters in 6 innings.
The M715 vehicles that had front winches were dangerous in rough cross country use because the winch drive shaft would sometimes separate from the winch, the shaft would then foul the truck's steering, causing loss of control .
The SuperSonics kicked off a ten-game pre-season on October 9, with a 98–104 loss visiting the Sacramento Kings.
Mediterranean deployment and loss
Thompson made 7 appearances for the club and his last game in first grade was a 40-8 loss against the Sydney Roosters.
If we are to get the Japs out of this area without loss of human lives, starvation will be our main weapon ... God, I hated doing it but could do nothing else.
Joe Loss and His Orchestra (in London on April 1, 1949, released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog numbers BD 6043 and HE 2703).
Miliband was forced to quell rumours that he would run against Brown in a leadership election, adding that he was confident Brown could lead Labour to victory in the 2010 general election, and that his article was actually an attack against the fatalism that had dogged the party since the loss of Glasgow-East.
In the Divisional round, the Dolphins avenged their playoff loss of the previous season to Seattle Seahawks 31–10 behind Marino's 262 passing yards and 3 touchdowns.
Starting in all 12 games in 2005, Mattison amassed 46 tackles, 10 tackles for loss, four sacks, one pass breakup and one fumble recovery.
Common motivations for boudoir photography shoots include a surprise gift by a bride to their future husbands on or before their wedding day, undertaking weight loss regimes or other forms of body alteration (such as breast augmentation or cancer surgery), and as a gift to servicepersons overseas.
Spruces die at 70 percent needle loss and pine at 90 percent.
November 2, 1996: Drillers suffered their first loss at the hands of the Detroit Rockers, 16–9 at Joe Louis Arena.
He tries to kill Inoue, but is quickly defeated by Uryū, who pierces Jirōbō's Chain of Fate and Soul Sleep with his arrows, resulting in the permanent loss of Jirōbō's Soul Reaper powers.
It wasn't until on 7 December 2013 when Bradley made his return from injury, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Rochdale.
After inspection Terrapin was declared a constructive total loss on return to harbour and was later scrapped in June 1946.
With the loss of thousands of industrial jobs in the 1950s and 1960s, the project became filled with families on welfare.
After a disappointing day's play, the Australians had added a mere 62 for the loss of two wickets, ending the day on 294 for 6, Dean Jones still not out on 101 and Merv Hughes not out on 1.
He caught six passes for 75 yards in Tennessee's loss to Alabama, and caught 9 passes for 60 yards in the Vols' win over Memphis State.
Made MLL playoff debut in loss to Long Island in the semifinals.
In 2005, Southern played at  in the Cowboys' 2005 NRL Grand Final loss to the Wests Tigers.
Immediately a number of guns were cocked, and Captain M'Kissick, though much exhausted by loss of blood, had to exert himself to save the lives of Keener and party.The Loyalists were soon in disarray, and many fled.
Krychowiak made his debut for the club in a 3–1 loss against Brighton & Hove Albion on 9 September 2017.
On June 22, he set a career-high with his 10th home run of the season in a 4–3 loss to the Houston Astros.
During those two years he videotaped many of his performances and edited them together into one video to demonstrate his weight loss success.
Official sources had long attributed her loss to a mine outside Malta, although there was some speculation that Urge had in fact been sunk by an Italian air attack at Marsa el Hilal, Libya.
In 1920, the SDAP-CSP coalition broke down, resulting in the SDAP losing its parliamentary majority in the 1920 Austrian legislative election, a loss from which the SDAP would not recover.
On 4 June 2021, he played his 100th match for Malta in a 2–1 loss in a friendly match against Kosovo.
The United States opened its tournament with a 3–0 loss to the Czech Republic.
Phosphatidic acid reacts with CTP, producing CDP-diacylglycerol, with loss of pyrophosphate.
According to Fox records, the film needed to earn $6,200,000 in rentals to break even and made $3,880,000, meaning it made a loss.
Youssouf signed for St Johnstone in January 2002, and scored on his debut in a 4-1 loss to Dundee United.
Bougainville's first President, Joseph Kabui, described Tsiamalili's death as a tragic loss to Bougainville because much of the reconciliation and redevelopment process on the island was spearheaded by Tsiamalili, "Now I am the first president and he (late Tsiamalili) was the first chief administrator for our autonomous government system.
Geert begins dating Hélène who convinces him to sue Marianne for wage loss, receiving .
Hoffer made his Karlsruher SC debut in the opening game of the season, playing 45 minutes before coming off in the first half, in a 1–0 loss against Greuther Fürth.
Sensorineural hearing loss may also be present.
In 2005, after a disappointing Homecoming loss to Texas Southern, the Bulldogs regrouped and won six straight games to finish the regular season en route to another SWAC East title and a berth in the SWAC Championship game.
In line with the possibility of vestigial organs developing new functions, some research suggests that the appendix may guard against the loss of symbiotic bacteria that aid in digestion, though that is unlikely to be a novel function, given the presence of vermiform appendices in many herbivores.
In the first three quarters of 2005, the company had a loss of  (US$).
The flow direction is generally straight through the meter, allowing for higher flow rates and less pressure loss than displacement-type meters.
Skytteren was scuttled in the waters off Måseskär, Sweden, with the loss of one crew member.
Mayo one-hit the Indians in Game 1, but it wasn't enough as the Kettleers took a tight 3–2 loss at home.
Loss of Royal Caribbean 
Although products containing this compound are marketed for weight loss, there is no clinical evidence for this effect in humans.
Cáceres earned his 100th cap on 13 October 2020, in a 2–4 loss to Ecuador in the 2022 World Cup qualifiers.
The loss of a child and a grieving parent are frequently mentioned by the narrator and the many that accompany the journey.
On 16 June 1940, two days after the loss of Fort Capuzzo and Fort Maddalena and six days after the Italian declaration of war, the 10th Army formed  (Colonel Lorenzo D’Avanzo) with orders to end British penetrations of the frontier wire near Fort Capuzzo.
Section 9 originally excluded claims arising from the operations of the Post Office, including telegraphic and telephone services, other than the loss or damage of a registered letter.
The season was the first to award a point for an overtime loss.
Writing for the conservative National Review, Fred Schwarz, who deemed the Frost/Nixon interviews "a notorious fizzle", commented that, the film "is an attempt to use history, assisted by plenty of dramatic license, to retrospectively turn a loss into a win.
Loss to Benny Bass, 1930
The U.S. began the tournament with a 6–0 loss to Mexico, but then tied Cuba 1-1.
However, Nemchik scored a goal in the second game, a 2-7 loss in Mexico City.
It was the first knockout loss of Donaire's career.
The price was so low some in the media believe Boeing would take a loss on the deal; they also speculated that the company could perhaps break even with maintenance and spare parts contracts.
The following day, Taguchi first defeated Pac in the semifinals and then avenged his earlier round-robin loss to IWGP Junior Heavyweight Champion Low Ki in the finals to win the 2012 Best of the Super Juniors and earn a shot at Low Ki's title.
After his return, Carlos Eduardo struggled to fight for his place in the first team, due to loss of form, as well as, his own injury concern.
The United States, who wanted to compensate Colombia over the loss of Panama, pressured Peru to accept a treaty that was unpopular.
With the loss of the entire District of Galicia on 26 July 1944 to the advancing Red Army, Wächter sought to be released from his administrative obligations in the General Government so that he could take up a position in the Waffen-SS.
Died while due to giving too much blood to Pierrot after Pierrot was stabbed and in danger of blood loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
He made his international debut in November 2000, coming on as a substitute for Nenad Sakić in a 2–1 away friendly loss to Romania.
After he found initial success, converting his first twelve save opportunities, he blew five of his last eight and took the loss in all five.
The Nubian flapshell turtle's habitat is located in politically very unstable areas which results in habitat loss.
He played his first match for the club on 12 April, starting in a 2–3 away loss against TuS Koblenz for the 2.
A 1998 study showed significant loss of vegetation since 1924, mostly on the southern and northern shores of the island.
On 8 July, Boateng was subbed off in the second half as he suffered thigh muscle injury during the semi-final match against France and the match ended 2–0 loss for Germany.
Its habitat is being degraded by urbanization and the loss of temporary water bodies.
Two games later, in a 14–34 loss to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Graham injured his wrist, requiring reconstructive surgery, ending his career.
The goal was to create an immense fortified place that could serve as a military capital and place of refuge for the government of France in the event of the loss of Paris.
It is threatened by habitat loss and overharvesting.
This bird was included on the endangered species list in 1967 because of its fragmented populations, its low numbers, low reproductive numbers and habitat loss.
However, even before these issues became important, the koa finches were probably already living in marginal habitat due to the loss of lowland koa forest, as evidenced by the extinction of the other koa finch species (which lived on lower-elevation islands) prior to European contact.
He made his debut on 12 September in a 1–0 home loss to Tours.
It is threatened by habitat loss, pollution, water abstraction and river damming.
The species is threatened by habitat loss and the introduction of non-native species such as the pumpkinseed (Lepomis gibbosus) and the Wels catfish (Silurus Glanis).
It is threatened by habitat loss and pollution.
"Ready occupation of man-made habitats suggests that habitat loss is unlikely to be a problem."
While habitat loss due to deforestation is a major problem for bird species in South America, since the rufous-crested coquette feeds in open areas and forest clearings it is affected to a lesser degree.
Mexican woodnymphs are listed as vulnerable due to habitat loss.
Allen made his Premier League debut on 18 August 2012, starting in a 3–0 loss against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns.
The team's longest games of the season were 15 innings; a May 23 home loss to Chicago, and a June 29 road win at Philadelphia.
It is endemic to Australia, and is threatened by habitat loss.
Its limited habitat is threatened by habitat loss due to logging, fires, and grazing.
It is threatened by habitat loss and protected in South Africa under the National Forest Act (Act 84) of 1998.
It is threatened by habitat loss and has been assessed as a vulnerable species.
The IUCN originally assessed the black-fronted wood quail as Near Threatened but has classed it as Vulnerable since 2000 "owing to its small range and population, both of which must be declining in response to habitat loss.
This plant is endangered due to habitat loss.
Lee ended up having a breakout season, becoming one of the defensive leaders, leading the team with 131 tackles and tying for the team lead in interceptions (four) and tackles for loss (eight).
Deregulation of chromatin remodeling causes loss of transcriptional regulation at these critical check-points required for proper cellular functions, and thus causes various disease syndromes, including cancer.
A 2011 study showed that the same regions of the brain that become active in response to painful sensory experiences are activated during intense social rejection or social loss in general.
This represents a gain in fitness by the killer, and a loss in fitness by the parents of the offspring killed.
Major Francis Johnson, then a 1st Lieutenant, would later report that the regiment “Repulsed a strong flanking party with considerable loss to the enemy, and losing no men itself”.
This ship ran ashore and is not listed as a war loss so was most likely salvaged and returned to service.
This marked the Yankees worst home loss in over 50 years.
He made his professional debut in the Colts' season-opening 21–41 loss at the Chicago Bears.
At the time of Marr's death, TALKER'S publisher Michael Harrison issued the following statement: "All of us at TALKERS are devastated over the loss of our dear friend and broadcasting treasure, Tom Marr.
According to Irlen, the lenses can be used to treat a wide variety of problems that are associated with light sensitivity, discomfort and distortions, including head injury, concussion, whiplash, perceptual problems, neurologic impairment, memory loss, language deficits, headaches and migraine, autoimmune disease, fibromyalgia, macular degeneration, cataracts, retinitis pigmentosa, complications from an eye operation, depression, chronic anxiety and others.
More recent contributors to the loss of forest cover include the growth in cattle herd size since their introduction around 1000 years ago, a continued reliance on charcoal as a fuel for cooking, and the increased prominence of coffee as a cash crop over the past century.
As cassava is vegetatively propagated, it is particularly vulnerable to viruses and thus Cassava geminiviruses lead to great economic loss each year.
The loss of dystrophin results in muscular dystrophy.
Side effects include fatigue, hair loss, nausea, or vomiting.
As a senior in 2006 he had 75 tackles (30 solo), 13 tackles for loss, and one forced fumble and led the Patriot League with 5.5 sacks.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Angels team member
The only common feature is a grown-up protagonist somehow coming face-to-face with his childhood past, in a testament to the loss of youth, the disillusionment of growing old, and nostalgia for better times.
He led LSU with four saves, but took the loss when the Tigers were eliminated from the 2003 College World Series by the University of South Carolina.
On 28 September, Mitroglou made his competitive debut for Marseille in a 2017–18 UEFA Europa League group stage 1–0 away loss against Red Bull Salzburg, coming on as a substitute in the 79th minute for Maxime Lopez.
However, the club suffered the loss of many important players and finished in 2nd place in the League with Carlo making 19 appearances and scoring one goal.
Specifically, nebulette appears to regulate the stability and length of actin thin filaments, as well as beating frequencies of cardiomyocytes; reduction of full-length nebulette protein in cardiomyocytes resulted in reduced thin filament lengths, depressed beating frequencies and loss of thin filament regulatory proteins troponin I and tropomyosin.
It wasn't until on 24 June 2009 when Reginiussen made his return, coming on as the 56th-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Viking.
This was his only knockout loss.
This was to halt the economic loss to Indians due to questionable and fraudulent claims of this sort, which was estimated between $400 and $800 million a year.
Benedict Calvert, 4th Baron Baltimore had witnessed his family's loss of their proprietary Province of Maryland in 1689, in part because of his family's Roman Catholic religion.
Rachel Franklin was born in Whitchurch, Somerset, the daughter of Percival Franklin, a loss adjuster, and his wife Ruby (née Knight).
The program was created in response to the loss of the Navy's submarine USS Thresher off the coast of Massachusetts.
These aircraft were found to be more economical for the flight training of new pilots, as most training accidents with float-planes resulted in the total loss of the airframe, and allowed to improve and expand the training at the "Almirante Gago Coutinho" Naval Aviation School, in Aveiro.
Maran Brang Seng, the leader among the Kachin people for most of the last thirty years when he died on 8 August 1994 was Chairman of the Kachin Independent Organization Central Committee (KIOCC) and president of Kachin Independent Council (KIC), the nation has suffered a great loss and was deprived of a man of great eminence and scholarly persuasion.
The final match on 18 May at Hampden Park against the title holder Real Madrid was a football festival, despite the 3–7 loss.
Knight's Cross winner Siegfried Huber was killed in bad weather conditions, on his 434th combat mission representing the loss of another veteran.
She accompanied Admiral Nagumo's Carrier Striking Force during the Battle of Midway, at the end of which she took over from the destroyer  as the flagship of Admiral Nagumo after the loss of his flagship .
His first match was a 3–0 loss to Roda on 20 January 1996.
If, on the other hand, the kiter does not get enough cash and does not continue kiting, then check #2 (or some further check, if this has continued a few iterations) bounces, and the retail establishment has been defrauded – the result is a $100 cash loss in exchange for a bad check.
The loss of protein dystrophin ultimately leads to a lethal syndrome of skeletal and cardiac myopathy, stationary night blindness, mental retardation, a cardiac-conduction defect, and a subtle smooth-muscle defect.
His book One on One with Tony Little: The Complete 28-Day Body Sculpting And Weight Loss Program has sold thousands of copies.
After the loss to Hoffman, Governor Jim Edgar named Stephens the Head of the Illinois Emergency Services and Disaster Agency where he served until he chose to once again run for the Illinois House of Representatives after the 1991 decennial redistricting.
Her research interests mainly involved measuring the trends and consequences of biodiversity loss and ecosystem change.
Though inconclusive in itself, Venice's exhaustion by this war helped bring about the loss of Dalmatia to Hungary shortly afterwards.
On 13 January 2008, in his first match for Depor in three years, Amo scored and was sent off in a 3–4 away loss against Villarreal CF, also managing to find the net in a 2–0 home win over FC Barcelona three months later.
The loss to Miami began a nosedive in the Chiefs' fortunes.
For example, a study of 27 patients found most achieved weight loss during the first six months after the procedure.
But the program has entered another spate of instability, beginning with the loss of Tillett and then Lindo (on some nights the show had only three panelists beside Hyde).
In the UK, there were 27 fatal accidents involving GA aircraft in 2007, resulting in the loss of 48 lives.
Others may believe that they are too young to suffer from hearing loss.
There are not regulations to protect children from excessive noise exposure, but it is estimated that 5.2 million kids have noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL).
In July, he was named as one of three overaged players for Mano Menezes' Brazilian squad for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, and he appeared in all but one of the matches during the tournament, netting in the 1–2 final loss against Mexico.
There is some loss of image data due to NTSC's lower resolution.
Logan made his debut for the club in a 1–0 loss against Blackpool.
Cacace and McFarland have argued that APD should be defined as a modality-specific perceptual dysfunction that is not due to peripheral hearing loss.
Peña made his debut in the Spanish top flight on 30 August 2003, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–2 home loss against CA Osasuna.
Note: A bonus point was awarded for a loss of 7 points or less
Brown creeper number were also negatively affected but the loss of much of the important lowland forest.
However When the Bolsheviks under Lenin took power in November, they made peace with Germany—the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk was in effect a surrender with massive loss of territory.
It is an IUCN Red List Vulnerable species, threatened by habitat loss.
The high winds affected 80% of the nation's food crops, including the loss of much of the mango and banana crops as well as the ruination of about 75% of the coconut and cocoa crops.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and is listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List.
Hieracium debile is threatened only by habitat loss and is not known to be living in any protected areas.
It is threatened by habitat loss and overcollection.
Sabal pumos is threatened by habitat loss.
Habitat loss through agricultural logging threatens forest coconuts as well.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by mining, agriculture, and livestock farming.
This species is threatened by habitat loss due to the clearance of forest for pasture; however, the remaining forest is difficult to access and is less susceptible to this threat.
It is threatened by further habitat loss caused by agricultural encroachment, expanding human settlements, and harvesting of wood for both firewood and building materials.
The species is threatened by habitat loss caused by smallholder farming activities and logging.
It is threatened by habitat loss (siltation of streams needed for larval development, clearance of forests for cultivation).
It can in future be threatened by habitat loss caused by clearance for tourism infrastructure, and is classified as least concern by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Habitat loss and introduced trout were also threats.
It is threatened by habitat loss, water pollution by mining and development for mining; it is a lowland species.
It is locally threatened by habitat loss.
It is a rare species that is threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture and human settlement, and by water pollution.
It is a common species but locally threatened by habitat loss.
In parts of its range, Duttaphrynus scaber is seriously threatened by habitat loss caused by deforestation, pollution, and urbanization.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by afforestation with pines, overgrazing, and agricultural expansion.
It only occurs in undisturbed forest and is threatened by habitat loss and deterioration caused by agricultural encroachment, wood extraction, and expanding human settlements.
Pelophryne misera is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, although this mainly takes place at lower altitudes.
The Winterhawks would continue their hot streak, winning their first nine games, before losing their first game in team history, a 5–3 loss to the Elora Rocks.
It is threatened by habitat loss for deforestation and collecting of firewood, agriculture and farming, herbicides and pesticides and expanding human settlement.
It is an endangered species due to climate change (which changes humidity) and habitat loss, possibly also introduced predatory fish as well as pollution and chytridiomycosis.
There is severe habitat loss and fragmentation in the area, even affecting the Bosques Nublados de Udima Wildlife Refuge that lies within the range of this species (although it has not been recorded in the reserve).
As a result, it is threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation.
It is a very common species but at least locally threatened by habitat loss.
Celsiella revocata is a common frog in undisturbed habitats but threatened by habitat loss.
It is an extremely rare species threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss and degradation.
Located on human chromosome 20, the JAG1 gene is expressed in multiple organ systems in the body and causes the autosomal dominant disorder Alagille syndrome (ALGS) resulting from loss of function mutations within the gene.
Max Hall threw for 288 yards and two touchdowns in his first game as full-time starter at BYU, and the Cougars' defense held Arizona to just 32 yards rushing to avenge a season-opening loss to the Wildcats a year prior.
Worse cases included ataxia (typically loss of balance), blindness or reduced vision, and death resulting from central nervous system failure.
The species is threatened by collection for international pet trade as well as habitat loss.
The green poison frog is threatened by habitat loss (deforestation), pollution, invasive and other problematic species, and genes and diseases.
In the southern part of its range, it is threatened by habitat loss.
While males may carry the tadpoles for up to four days, this seems not incur significant costs in terms of reduced feeding, fat loss, or locomotion (jump length and number).
Habitat loss is one of the threats to its survival.
It is threatened by habitat loss but is protected by Parque da Serra dos Orgãos, and Parque Nacional da Serra Bocaina.
The stadium opened on October 25, 1968 with an Auburn High School loss to Lanett High School, 14-13; the first home win at the venue came three weeks later against arch-rival Opelika High School, 41-0.
It is threatened by habitat loss and the spread of chytridiomycosis.
Though it is likely to be threatened by habitat loss and possibly by water pollution, it faces no other particular threats.
It is threatened by habitat loss associated with agricultural activities, logging and charcoaling, as well as mining and infrastructure development.
The species is also negatively affected by habitat loss.
That ended with an unremarkable 2–1 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays on August 12.
The factors for its initial disappearance remain unclear, although it may have to do with chytridiomycosis and habitat loss.
This species is under threat from habitat loss resulting from mining activity and fires, and is also affected by pollution from mining and pesticides.
Its decline in recent years is likely caused by chytridiomycosis, but also habitat loss is a major threat.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused primarily by agricultural encroachment and wood extraction.
The habitat of this species is threatened by habitat loss caused by small-scale farming and wood extraction; chytridiomycosis is also a potential threat.
It can locally be threatened by habitat loss.
At Wangaratta he played as the team's centre half-forward in their 1925 Ovens and Murray Football League premiership and 1926 Ovens and Murray Football League grand final loss to St. Patrick's.
Hynobius guabangshanensis is potentially threatened by habitat loss, though IUCN considers it as critically endangered.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture activities, wood extraction, and expanding human settlements.
This rarely encountered species has a restricted range and is threatened by habitat loss and change (afforestation with alien species, agricultural expansion, fires used to maintain pastureland, and human settlement).
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture and human intrusion but is considered to be a least concern.
It is threatened by habitat loss and degradation caused by agriculture.
There are some threats to this species due to habitat loss.
Transfection of T-cadherin negative neuroblastoma TGW and NH-12 cells with T-cadherin results in their loss of mitogenic proliferative response to epidermal growth factor (EGF) growth stimulation.
It is threatened by habitat loss mainly caused by agriculture and logging.
Its known range is within a protected area but habitat loss is occurring nearby.
Cryptobatrachus fuhrmanni can be threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture and logging, but this species tolerates some habitat perturbation.
This frog is common in suitable habitat, but it is only known from three locations threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural development, logging, and human settlement, as well as pollution from spraying illegal crops.
The species occurs in the Pic Macaya National Park, but there is no active management for conservation, and habitat loss continues in the park.
Pristimantis esmeraldas is likely impacted by habitat loss caused by smallholder farming and subsistence wood extraction.
This species is common, but it suffers from habitat loss and degradation caused primarily by agriculture (crops and cattle ranching), but also by oil exploration and road infrastructure.
It is moderately common in suitable habitat, but threatened by habitat loss (but perhaps less so than other frogs).
It is threatened by habitat loss, even with the Turquino and La Bayamesa National Parks where it occurs.
It is moderately common in suitable habitat, but threatened by habitat loss caused by logging and agriculture.
Both of these systems, however, have a disadvantage in that coupling of the enzyme to the antibody may result in steric hindrance which in turn may result in a loss in function of the antibody and/or the enzyme.
Habitat loss caused by logging and agriculture is threat to this species.
Ischnocnema sambaqui is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging, cattle ranching, and tourism.
The frog is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging and agriculture.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by cultivation and fumigation of crops and rearing of livestock.
The main threat to this species is habitat loss and degradation due to agriculture, logging, mining, and human settlement.
The habitat is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural development, logging, and infrastructure development.
It is threatened by habitat loss, even within the protected area in which it occurs.
It is probably threatened by habitat loss.
It is potentially threatened by habitat loss.
Both locations suffer from habitat loss, and the latter also from fire.
The probable threat to this presently common species is habitat loss caused by agriculture, livestock grazing, clear-cutting, human settlement, and fire.
Local populations can be threatened by habitat loss caused by intensive agriculture, fire and, dam construction.
It is threatened by climate change pathogens and habitat loss.
It is becoming rare due to habitat loss.
It is protected in its currently known areas, but if it exists outside if it, it may threatened by habitat loss by agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlements.
It is threatened by habitat loss for agriculture, timber extraction, charcoal manufacturing, invasive eucalyptus, livestock grazing and expanding human settlement and possibly by stream pollution.
It is a reasonably common species and although it can suffer locally from habitat loss, it also occurs in remote areas with little human influence, and is therefore not considered threatened.
A ten-week suspension for his outburst during the 1–2 loss to SC Magdeburg during the 1965 Cup Final contributed to the fact that Ducke, with 352 league games, only ranks in twelfth place on the list of Oberliga games played.
Dermatonotus muelleri is locally abundant, but it is threatened by habitat loss in parts of its range.
It is threatened by habitat loss and likely also by human consumption.
It is classified as "Vulnerable" by the IUCN as it is threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss, Stumpffia tridactyla with a snout-vent length of  ,Stumpffia tridactyla is a terrestrial microhylid frog, its males average length is .
After his fight with Haye he went 4-1 in his next five fights with the loss coming to Andrzej Wawrzyk.
Petropedetes cameronensis is a fairly common species, but it is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural development, logging, and growing human settlements.
It is negatively impacted by habitat loss caused by agricultural development, logging, and expanding human settlements.
The Inyo Mountains salamander was listed an IUCN Red List endangered species in 1996, being threatened by habitat loss in size and quality, and a declining number of mature individuals.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural activities, logging, and human settlements.
It is threatened by severe habitat loss caused by logging and mining.
The species is threatened by habitat loss caused by forest clearance.
Some subpopulations have likely been extirpated by loss of bottomland hardwood forests.
The species is threatened by habitat loss (deforestation) caused by expanding subsistence farming and human settlements and by logging.
* Wrestling Superstars Live considers Zbyszko's reign before and his reign after his loss to Brian Logan to be one continuous reign.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging.
It is threatened by habitat loss,  is in rapid decline, and was placed on the IUCN Red List in 2013.
Salamander habitat loss is mainly due to outright destruction, fragmentation, forestry practice, and pollution.
It used to be a relatively common species in its range, but habitat loss due to logging and livestock farming caused the population to dramatically decrease.
Extensive logging, farming, and expanding human settlements have led to loss of much of the original habitat, and what remains is very degraded.
Overall this species is common and widespread, but locally it has declined because of habitat loss and it is considered threatened in Indiana.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by expanding agriculture and human settlements.
Its habitat is threatened by habitat loss due to agriculture, logging, and human settlement.
It is also locally impacted by habitat loss.
However, it is threatened by habitat loss and degradation caused by expanding agriculture; large areas of forest are being converted to  cash crop plantations such as rubber, coffee, and tea.
It is adversely affected by the loss of its forest habitat for agriculture, logging and human settlements, and sedimentation of its breeding streams.
The Leafs debuted their new arena, Maple Leaf Gardens, with a 2–1 loss to the Chicago Blackhawks on November 12, 1931.
This species is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging and agricultural activities.
It is threatened by pollution due to agrochemicals but also by habitat loss and degradation.
An at sea mishap caused the loss of radar capabilities and shortened the time on station.
However, the islands are experiencing habitat loss and deterioration.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agricultural expansion and human settlement.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and is classified as vulnerable as populations within its relatively small range are fragmented.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by logging and smallholder farming activities.
However, there was some loss of accuracy, and the shorter barrel used meant the powder charges less efficiently.
The historic regional decline of the species has been related to loss of open longleaf pine habitat needed for subsistence and the seasonal ponds needed for reproduction.
One of the main reasons that the carpenter frog has become of special concern is due to its susceptibility to habitat loss and degradation.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture and human settlement.
It is threatened by habitat loss caused by the conversion of native forests into cultivated areas.
It is possibly threatened by habitat loss.
This name was chosen by the authors of the species to express their "sadness and frustration at the loss of this and so many other endemic amphibians in Sri Lanka".
It is threatened by habitat loss and degradation caused by expanding agriculture.
It is threatened by habitat loss and degradation, mainly caused by agriculture.
It is threatened by habitat loss, as it requires clean, fast-moving water in which to live.
Long-term exposure to beryllium may result in shortness of breath, chronic cough, and significant weight loss, accompanied by fatigue and general weakness.
It is an IUCN Red List Near threatened species, threatened by habitat loss.
Its fairly small population is rapidly declining due to habitat loss and degradation.
Habitat loss, disturbances of feeding areas, pollution from pesticide used on mosquitoes and entanglement in fishing lines all pose potential threats to these birds.
It has a small range and is threatened by habitat loss.
The white-fronted falconet is classified as being near threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) on the IUCN Red List, due to its small range, a moderately small population that is declining, and habitat loss within its range.
It is threatened at its nesting sites by predation from introduced species (cats and rats) and, to a lesser extent, from habitat loss caused by introduced herbivores (goats).
It is threatened both by habitat loss and by being captured for the trade in wild parrots.
IUCN has assessed this bird as near threatened with its population being estimated as 1,500 to 7,000 mature individuals. . Forest loss is a threat but it is not thought to have as significant impact within this species's alititudinal range as compared to lowland forest.
The species has lost 75% of its historical habitat, and 14.4% of that loss occurred during the period 2000-2010.
It is a vulnerable species threatened by habitat loss and hunting.
It is threatened by habitat loss and predation by introduced species such as cats and rats.
On October 3, Oklahoma, still stung by its last second loss to USC, was shocked at home in a 7–7 tie with Iowa State.
While hunting poses somewhat of a threat to the Flores green pigeon, its primary threat remains as the loss of habitat due to the burning of vegetation during the dry season.
This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range.
Population levels are likely to decrease due to the continued loss of critical breeding habitats due to human activities.
It is classified as Endangered and is threatened by habitat loss due to the destruction of wetlands in Madagascar.
It is threatened by the loss and fragmentation of its forest habitat due to logging, agriculture and the building of roads, dams and golf courses.
The minimum elevation range could not be determined properly since the site contained loss of forest habitat below 1500m, though there were sightings at 1000m.
In the next group game he continued his fine form and netted twice in a 2–0 win over Nigeria; after resting in the third group game against Venezuela (3–0) he played 76 minutes in the last-16 tie against Italy, which finished with a 1–3 loss.
 Most loss in a season: 6 matches – Tribe FC Peshawar
In October 2013 Teerasil played a friendly match against Bahrain, and scored against Iran in the following match, a 1–2 loss at Tehran.
It is thought to be declining rapidly, owing to loss and degradation of its severely fragmented habitat.
It may be slowly declining due to habitat loss, especially from logging, but it has a large enough range that it is still considered to be a least-concern species.
He was hit hard, and took a loss at the hands of the Yankees in his first appearance of the  season, but settled down somewhat from there (18 IP, 11 ER) when he and pitcher turned outfielder Bobby Darwin were traded to the Boston Red Sox for 1975 World Series hero Bernie Carbo at the June trade deadline.
Nevertheless, with Capriati's quarterfinal loss to Sandrine Testud, Davenport's final appearance was enough for her to gain the No.
Studies have shown that they are able to reduce their metabolic rate and evaporative water loss.
The population is thought to be in slow decline because of habitat loss but no specific threats have been recognised, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
He pleaded guilty to failing to prevent the loss or theft of a firearm, and was placed on a good behaviour bond.
He played in Essendon's Grand Final 10.10 (70) loss to Geelong 11.15 (81), and was one of Essendon's best players.
It experiences a natural habitat loss called bush encroachment.
More recently, plants infected with WSMV are also often found to be simultaneously infected with Triticum mosaic virus, which synergistically interacts with WSMV to exacerbate yield loss.
In Oceana, for example, co-infections involving SPFMV have been observed to be less virulent, while those in Southern Africa display more damage and significant yield loss in crops.
It is endemic to the south-central Amazon Rainforest in Brazil, and it is threatened by habitat loss.
Its diet and potential reliance on rainfall to breed likely leaves it vulnerable to changed climatic conditions, and the species may experience habitat contractions or loss of habitat suitability, due to climate change.
His final match was a 1–0 loss against SV Darmstadt 98 on 7 April 1989.
He also made an appearance and scored a goal in the 2010–11 UAE President's Cup in Round 1 on 21 September 2010 in a 4–1 loss against Baniyas F.C.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and has been assessed as near threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
It is an IUCN Red List Endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
On October 19, 1936, Newman scored the Tigers' only touchdown in a loss to Pittsburgh at Forbes Field.
Because of the loss, the 2-2 Woodsmen drew the Outlaws for the second straight night for the tournament semi-final.
1 and had just the one loss to UCLA, returned to the top 5 that was 1.
Another losing streak ensued to close her clay season, however, which includes a loss to Kiki Bertens at the French Open, Bertens then becoming an eventual semifinalist herself.
Kerber then handed a straight-set loss to Ajla Tomljanović in the round of 16 to set up a first-time encounter with eventual champion Paula Badosa in the quarterfinals.
With all of its fins lost except the caudal fin, P. magoi represents the most extreme fin loss among ostariophysans.
In total, Wagon suffered 4 preliminary final defeats and a grand final loss at the club in a period where the Parramatta Eels fell short of a long awaited premiership.
Basey made his Charlton Athletic debut against Queens Park Rangers on 27 October 2007, where he started and played the whole, in a 1–0 loss.
The Group projected a net loss of up to 820 million yuan (US$13.19 million) for 2014, the third straight year where it was unprofitable.
He saved a penalty from Alejandro Domínguez in a 0–3 away league loss against Olympiacos on 14 February 2015.
Deforestation also contributes to the loss of other species including insects, which is the dominant source of food for the flycatcher.
Its population is declining because of habitat loss.
The species is threatened by the loss of habitat, as the human population of the Andaman Islands increases and clears forests for agriculture.
The acerbically titled Africa Is in a Mess: What Went Wrong and What Should Be Done reflects on the decades since independence with pragmatism and regret, observing the loss of both leadership and ingenuity as the continent's intellectual elite settle abroad, while suggesting how this process might be reversed.
Meanwhile, James voyages home and the Panama canal – which will mean ships will no longer need sail to around the Horn of Africa – is an active idea although Baines regrets the loss of bravery in sailing that will ensue once difficult passages are avoided.
Welliton made his Sharjah FC debut on 30 September 2017, where he came on as a substitute for Omar Jumaa during the second half, in a 2–1 loss against Al-Wasl.
He blamed his shock loss on the fact that his fellow countryman Elijah Manangoi was not present in the race.
Discounted maximum loss, also known as worst-case risk measure, is the present value of the worst-case scenario for a financial portfolio.
The thermoneutral zone extends from 33 to 38 °C in this species, but they have the capacity to dissipate heat through evaporative water loss up to 42 °C.
Sea level rise may be the greatest threat these animals face in the future, as the cays lack elevation relief and a sea level rise of 1 meter over the next 100 years could cost the cays up to 50% habitat loss.
California growers faced a loss of $200 million because there was not enough tin to make cans for their crops.
A. marchi is threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss.The International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed it as being "near threatened".
The higher rates of toe loss among males combined with the higher population density of P. siculus on Pod Mrčaru suggests that intraspecific aggression may explain this disparity.
Harvesting by fishermen to eat, poaching to meet pet and food demand, habitat loss due to land conversion to palm oil, and fish and shrimp farming are major threats.
DNA analysis would suggest that there were three separate incidences of limb loss all convergent for amphisbaena formation.
To avoid the further risk of loss of ground, the sinking of the cylinders were stopped.
Points were awarded as 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for loss.
It remains fairly common, but its small range makes it vulnerable to habitat loss and hunting.
The day became known as La Male Journade because of the immense loss of life suffered by the citizens of Bordeaux.
Due to his red card in the semifinal match against Santos Laguna, Ramírez did not make his Clausura 2012 debut until the 3–0 loss to UNAM at Estadio Olímpico Universitario.
During this difficult spell, the ultimately all-conquering Belle Vue 'Aces' arrived at the Shay on 20 June and snatched a 41-37 win where the 'Dukes' were handicapped by the loss of Dave Younghusband to an injury in an International match the previous night.
Although the painted treeshrew is not a threatened species, it still suffers from loss of habitat.
It lives in an area reported in 2012 to be less than 100 square kilometers and is threatened by habitat loss due to logging.
Widespread mining in central Sulawesi is believed to exacerbating the problems of habitat loss.
The northern plains gray langur is listed as least concern on the IUCN Red List, it is threatened by habitat loss.
This loss of function and ataxia of peripheral nerves and spinal cord is the phenomenon of OPIDP.
After the title loss Austin was given an opportunity to feud with his former partner Butch Malone for a brief period of time.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and it is threatened by habitat loss.
The loss brought in multiple changes in personnel and strategy, but it did not deter Iowa from challenging Iowa Wesleyan College to a game.
However, the South African hedgehog has evolved to become mostly omnivorous due to habitat loss and trash from human civilization being readily available.
There, ballistas and catapults lay in waiting, and drove the Goths back with great loss.
Kenney was injured in the fourth quarter of the Steelers contest, meaning Blackledge drew the starting assignment for the club's first playoff contest since 1971, a 35–15 loss at New York.
It is experiencing widespread habitat loss.
They attempt to qualify for the tournament of champions, but this loss substantially curtails their dream.
The Rodrigues flying fox is threatened by habitat loss through storm damage and human intervention, and by local hunting for food.
Ryan offered Lavelle two options: another assignment as major general (i.e., loss of two stars), or retirement with a reduction to three-star rank of lieutenant general.
Senior team finishes the F Section home and away season on top of the Ladder with 17 wins and 1 loss, but are defeated by Elsternwick in the Grand Final - ANZ Bank 13.16 (94) defeated by Elsternwick 15.14 (104).
The IUCN Red List species is classified as a vulnerable species due to the progressive reduction of its population, up to 30% over three generations (15 years) inferred by the percentage of habitat loss.
Factors that have contributed to the endangerment of pikas include: climate change, loss of habitat, as well as, on several occasions, poisoning.
More than one year after, on 17 May, he appeared for the first time in La Liga as Barça were already champions, in a 2–1 away loss to RCD Mallorca.
On March 17, 1850, the hospital's Board of Trustees expressed its deep regret for "...the loss of an officer who, to high scientific attainments, united amiable and unassuming manners and the greatest kindness of heart; one who has uniformly discharged in a most zealous, faithful, and acceptable manner his duties toward this institution."
After serving a one match suspension, he returned to the starting line–up, in a 1–0 loss against FC Lorient on 27 November 2012.
Additionally, because these workers metabolize, they release heat from this process and counteract the heat loss from the nest during the night.
Shortly after the title loss, Kanemura fractured his foot but still competed in his scheduled match against Atsushi Onita in a No Ropes Exploding Barbed Wire Steel Cage Time Bomb Deathmatch at Fall Spectacular, which stipulated that if Onita lost, he would be forced to retire and if Kanemura lost then W*ING Alliance would be forced to disband.
Shock absorber design was changed slightly in 2005 to incorporate an elevated vent tube to prevent oil loss in the event of a tip-over.
He played in two games under the instructions of coach Juan Ramón Carrasco, a 0–3 loss vs. Chile on 7 January 2004 and a 1–1 draw against Brazil on 11 January 2004, but scored no goals.
But he did not get into the 1954 Midsummer classic, an 11–9 loss for his National League squad at Cleveland Municipal Stadium.
The National Hockey League's Philadelphia Flyers defeated the Soviet Red Army ice hockey team, 4 to 1, for the only loss for HC CSKA Moscow in the Super Series '76 exhibitions.
His next fight at UFC 80 was a loss via unanimous decision to fellow countryman Paul Kelly.
It was Love's leadership during his tenure as Chief Scout Executive in defending the BSA during the Curran Case, the Randall case and later the Dale case that charted the course for the Boy Scouts eventual legal victories, but loss of public support.
Post-war examination of Japanese records shows no attack listed that could account for the loss of Seawolf.
Martyn played at scrum half back in St. Helens' 38-0 loss.
| 2013-11-15 || Loss ||align=left| Hiroaki Suzuki || Shoot Boxing Battle Summit Ground Zero Tokyo 2013, Final || Tokyo, Japan || KO (right flying knee) || 2 || || 2-1
Each molt of the larva results in loss of infection, but it is generally quickly re-acquired from the environment by ingestion of more amastigotes.
Ashuba was re-elected in 2007 both as Deputy and as Speaker, but suffered a first-round loss in the 2012 elections.
Aqib Talib was tackled for a loss of six yards after catching a pass.
In addition, Loughborough University set up the Frank Lees Centre for Loss Prevention.
The species had been in steep decline in its natural range due to habitat loss, degradation, and poaching.
Habitat loss has fragmented its population; natural and anthropogenic barriers, such as pasture grounds, fields, human settlements, and the presence of predators such as piscivorous large mouth bass in Imbakucha Lake have resulted in the segregation of its six subpopulations and limit their probabilities of escape to other refugia when the environment deteriorates.
The events leading up to the loss of St. George are recorded by several sources.
The loss aboard Sultan was 16 killed and 39 wounded.
These stocks provide fish that can be used to replenish natural populations in the event of a catastrophic loss.
The fish are omnivorous, eating algae and small invertebrates, and are endangered due to loss of their spring-fed desert habitat.
He made his debut on 11 August in the UEFA Super Cup, coming on in the 80th minute for Kévin Gameiro in a 5–4 extra-time loss to fellow Spaniards FC Barcelona in Tbilisi.
Its populations are thought to be decreasing due to habitat loss and degradation, which is accelerated by the siltation caused by deforestation.
It is threatened by habitat loss and invasive species.
P. nourissati is threatened by habitat loss and invasive species.
It has declined because of habitat loss, pollution and poaching, and is rated as critically endangered by the IUCN.
The club continued to struggle, and hit to a season low five games under .500 on June 26, following a 2–1 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals, dropping their record to 29–34 and in fifth place, 12.5 games behind the Giants.
One of these was a war loss and another four were purchased by the Admiralty during the war and converted to naval repair ships.
The remaining three were contested by an undefeated wrestler against one facing elimination; in all three the man with one loss received his second.
2 received their first loss, while 2 remained undefeated.
6 received their first loss, while 13 remained undefeated (including one via bye).
2 received their first loss, while Ahlgren and Böhling remained undefeated.
Since the Police Academy was closed for three years, this resulted in the loss of 600 positions, dropping the number below 4,000 personnel.
On the credit side, during an armed reconnaissance on 18 July, a 474th formation led by Lieutenant Colonel Henry Darling surprised a force of bomb-carrying Focke-Wulf Fw 190s and shot down 10 Luftwaffe aircraft with the loss of only one P-38.
Auditors and loss prevention departments therefore routinely scrutinize these transactions very closely for this reason.
Like many other types of mulch, barkdust is used in gardening and landscaping for its properties in affecting soil pH, in regulating the temperature of the underlying soil, and preventing water loss and erosion.
Lach accounted for one of two touchdowns the Cardinals made during a lopsided loss to the Chicago Bears on October 11.
Due to habitat loss and pollution, this species is considered extinct.
This species is endemic to Italy, and is threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitat is rocky areas; it is threatened by habitat loss.
After earning one win and one loss in MMA throughout 2001, Yasuda earned the biggest win of his career in December by choking out veteran Jerome Le Banner.
For example, if an acre of land can yield a net of 100 dollars loss by lying fallow, 50 dollars gain by being planted with corn, and 100 dollars gain by being planted with wheat, then that acre's commodity value is 100 dollars; the farmer is assumed to put his land to best use.
The loss of the outer regions meant that foreign troops were gone too.
Hoovers 330 crew got their 503 passengers and themselves safely ashore without loss, but the 853 people now needed to be taken off the remote island.
In his final outing of the year, on September 18, he gave up seven runs in  innings, taking the loss in a 9–5 defeat by the New York Giants.
At the Qatar Telecom German Open in 2000, she achieved the biggest win of her career by taking down world number three Nathalie Tauziat with the loss of just two games and then went on to make her first Tier I semifinal.
There are no major threats but it may be affected by pollution and habitat loss to agriculture and development.
Austrocordulia leonardi is threatened by habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss resulting from the trampling of stream banks by cattle and from the shading of streams by the alien invasive black wattle, Acacia mearnsii.
Four of the six species are critically endangered due to habitat loss, and two are listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
The loss of habitat is caused by urban development, agriculture, and sand mining.
Winston–Salem State (2012) has achieved the best single-season win total of 14 (with their only loss being in the NCAA Division II national championship game).
The period of decline for the city lasted into the 1990s and was also marked by a loss of many steady family-wage jobs in the manufacturing sector.
As regional railway passenger services declined, and branch lines were closed, railway bus services were put in place to replace the loss of rail access.
Gabi won seven more bouts, and drew once (after his loss to Kiatsakthanee) before he was able to vie for the WBC International flyweight title, then held by compatriot, Randy Mangubat.
| Browns' 51–0 win is the largest margin of victory in the rivalry's history, as well as the Steeler's worst loss in franchise history.
“Any intervention to compensate for loss should be documented in treatment records and reports and should be detectable by common examination methods.
(This restriction can be made without loss of generality.)
This was against a train mileage of 23,555 with working expenses of 3 shillings per train mile, resulting in a loss of £500.
Towards the end of Ofek's life, the landscape of Jerusalem became an important motif, reflecting loss and despair.
Tibau replaced an injured Yancy Medeiros was against Tony Ferguson on February 28, 2015 at UFC 184, losing by submission in the first round, his first submission defeat since his 2008 loss to Joe Stevenson.
On 14 June Heinrich Bartels, who was an established fighter leader four as the unit claimed eight P-47s and a pair of B-17s without loss.
Loss of strength and ability to look after themselves, including difficulty walking, can be common in people admitted to intensive care, particularly if they are in ICU more than two days.
21 September – HMS Confiance, a Royal Navy  of 1813, is wrecked between Mizen Head and Three Castles Head near Crookhaven with the loss of all 100 aboard.
Research showed that because of the massive amount of water to be transmitted to the coast, there would be a loss of water during the spring and summer months, causing reduced flow.
In his MLB debut on April 9, Hand allowed six runs in  innings, taking the loss in a 13–1 defeat to the Baltimore Orioles.
It was the Dodgers' first loss with Scherzer on mound.
Attacked in September 1943, these two convoys saw the loss of 6 ships and 3 escorts, for the destruction of 3 U-boats, in the first battle of KM's autumn offensive after Black May.
It wasn't until on 12 January 2013 when Haroun returned to the starting line–up, in a 2–1 loss against Watford.
He made his Belgium debut on 6 June 2007, coming on as a 55th-minute substitute, in a 2–0 loss against Finland.
In this case, loss of nationality occurs three years after the acquisition of the foreign nationality or emancipation only if the individual does not declare their will to retain Spanish nationality.
After the bitter loss, Wilson graciously told reporters "That Mack Brown was all they said of him and more
The loss of iPLA2-VIA, the fly homolog of PLA2G6, reduces lifespan, impairs synaptic transmission, and causes neurodegeneration.
Unfortunately, in a match against Heerenveen, in the second round of the KNVB Cup, he received a red card after a second bookable offence, in a 3–0 loss, eliminating from the tournament.
He noted that Rabbi Greenspan's death was "a great and irreplaceable loss both to the yeshiva and Anglo-Jewry.
The Black Hawks lost their first two games of January, including a 4–0 loss to the New York Rangers on New Year's Day, dropping them out of first place in the American Division.
The Black Hawks winless streak reached five games, as they opened December with a 3–1 loss to the Detroit Cougars.
The film recorded a loss of $610,000.
They also gained an extra second round pick from the Cleveland Indians as compensation for the loss of pitcher Jesse Orosco.
He was also in goal for the 4-0 loss to Israel ten days later.
Within seconds of a utility outage an automatic transfer switch senses the power loss, commands the generator to start and then transfers the electrical load to the generator.
His last game with the national team came in a 5-2 exhibition loss to Haiti on October 21, 1968.
No further loss of life occurred after Brown was lynched.
Under coach Malcolm Blight, he played 18 games in 1989 and kicked 27 goals, and he was Geelong's leading possession player with 25 disposals in the 1989 VFL Grand Final loss to Hawthorn while playing across half back.
If the nine hieroglyphs fit in those grids, taking the mask will give the player a zombie trap, otherwise a loss of energy will occur.
In order to prevent foreign criticism of Germany, and keep the 1936 Olympics in Berlin, and to prevent economic loss and a blow to German prestige, Hitler eased the anti-Jewish stance momentarily.
As a rookie, he helped to compensate the loss of Ed "Too Tall" Jones to his boxing retirement, by coming on passing downs in place of Larry Cole at left defensive end and unofficially finishing second on the team with 6 sacks.
United recovered from the loss against Blackburn to win 4–2 at home against Fulham.
In Parkinson's disease the loss of sense of smell may aid in earlier diagnosis.
 The Loss of the Birkenhead (1914) - Deborah
On 14 November 2019, Georgiev earned his first cap for Bulgaria, playing full 90 minutes in a 0–1 home loss against Paraguay in a friendly match.
On 16 February Porta debuted for Nacional at the 2011 Copa Libertadores in a 2–0 loss to Mexico's Club América when he was substituted onto the field on 46 minutes for Nicolás Vigneri.
Following Nebraska's loss in the national semifinals, Pettit retired and Cook became head coach.
When the tide falls, the operculum closes again to prevent desiccation; the reduction from the primitive condition of eight wall plates to six is believed to decrease water loss even further by reducing the number of sutures through which water can escape.
The loss of the 2nd Cavalry in Texas was a particularly bitter blow to settlers.
A 2–0 defeat ensued, Blackpool's first loss in seven games.
Yield loss is a common consequence of Phyllosticta infection.
Taking advantage of her memory loss, he manages to convince her that she's his live-in girlfriend and renames her Na Sang-shil.
It was not until on 16 April 2011 when Abdou returned from injury, starting the match before being substituted at half time, in a 2–1 loss against Coventry City, having appeared in the substitute bench for the last two matches.
Dalton failed to reach 200 yards passing for the first time in a Week 9 10–6 loss to the Houston Texans.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional road loss to the Chiefs, the Broncos went home for a Week 5 interconference duel with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
With the loss, the Broncos fell to 8–7.
Endemic to Panama, it is threatened by habitat loss.
Buddleja jamesonii is a species endemic to southern Ecuador, where it grows in moist, protected ravines and borders of tussocks at elevations of 3,000 – 4,000  m. The species, first named and described by Bentham in 1846, is now threatened by habitat loss.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and is threatened by habitat loss.
His debut was in a 7–0 loss against to Peterborough United.
The loss of just one plant greatly endangers its survival.
The company substantially reduced labour costs which coupled with a small rise in the tin price allowed the mine to continue operating at a small loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss, and a protected tree in South Africa.
However, it is threatened by habitat loss.
Having won the 1999 Championship, St. Helens contested in the 2000 World Club Challenge against National Rugby League Premiers the Melbourne Storm, with Iro playing at  in the loss.
It is found in China and Taiwan, where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Major threats to the survival of this species include loss of dry forest habitat and the establishment of invasive species, such as fountain grass (Pennisetum setaceum).
Even had a rate between 2% and 5% been applied during this period – as suggested by the ECOFIN Council – a fraud of this rate by Facebook would have meant a loss to the EU between €327m and €817m.
Prior to the tournament, Garrigus was 179th on the Tour, which would have meant a loss of his Tour card.
Since dapagliflozin leads to heavy glycosuria (sometimes up to about 70 grams per day) it can lead to rapid weight loss and tiredness.
Steve Duck (1981) developed a topographical model of relationship disengagement and dissolution, whether married or not, in which he outlined four models of dissolution: pre-existing doom, mechanical failure, process loss and sudden death.
In the team's 4–1 second round loss to Germany, she made several saves to prevent an even heavier defeat.
Karen suffers a miscarriage early in season 6 and very soon after, her changing behavior and the loss of their child starts creating a large rift in their marriage.
However, the lack of an immediate and certain identification of the animal, and the loss of the original material, makes the cetacean unidentifiable.
It is categorized as Vulnerable by the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, primarily due to habitat loss.
Control issues plagued Landreth again in his next start six days later against the New York Mets, as he walked four in only 1 innings and allowed three earned runs; Landreth absorbed the loss as Montreal fell, 4–2.
Known as "garlic-fruit tree" or ‘suantouguo’ (蒜头果) by local communities due to its garlic-shaped fruits, it is threatened by logging and habitat loss.
It is a Critically endangered species, threatened by habitat loss.
It is an IUCN endangered species, threatened by habitat loss.
Defensive coordinator, Kent Baer, led the Irish, hoping to "win one for Ty," however, the Oregon State Beavers, led by four touchdown passes from Derek Anderson, beat the Irish in their seventh consecutive bowl loss.
The species is threatened by habitat loss and agricultural activities.
He made his first team debut on 9 February 2008, in the 3–1 loss to Hertha BSC and earned his first victory as the starting goalkeeper on 16 February 2008, against MSV Duisburg.
Mattioni finally returned to action on 1 November 2012, appearing as a late substitute in a 1–3 away loss against Sevilla FC for the round of 32 in the Copa del Rey.
It is threatened by habitat loss and logging.
It is endemic to Jamaica and is threatened by habitat loss.
 The Portraiture of Loss – Dr Suzannah Biernoff in Ampersand magazine on Tonks' work and its impact on medical study and portraiture
Under the synonym Polypodium quitense, it was regarded as endemic to Ecuador and threatened by habitat loss.
It is endemic to Brazil and has become rare due to habitat loss.
It is threatened by habitat loss and is considered Critically Endangered (CR).
It is endemic to Brazil and threatened by habitat loss.
Quercus cedrosensis is vulnerable to habitat loss due to overgrazing by goats and overlogging.
When told about the loss of two of the three warriors by Satyarani, who watches through a viewing portal, Raven is determined to protect the sole survivor.
N'Goyi was called up and started for the DR Congo in a 3–0 friendly loss against Gambia.
It is a critically endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
It is endemic to Borneo and threatened by habitat loss.
He made his Serie A debut on 2 September in a 1–3 home loss against A.S. Roma, and finished his first season with 40 appearances all competitions comprised, scoring his only goal in a 2–0 league victory at A.C. ChievoVerona.
The Browns attempted a 51-yard field goal with three seconds left to win the game, only to see the attempt blocked and returned by Ravens safety Will Hill for a touchdown, handing the Browns their most painful loss in recent history.
Swami Sundaranand (April 1926 – 23 December 2020) was an Indian Yogi, photographer, author and mountaineer who lectured widely in India on threats to the Ganges River and the loss of Himalayan glaciers due to global warming.
It is an Endangered species on the IUCN Red List, threatened by habitat loss.
It is an endangered species threatened by habitat loss.
That game, a 7-0 loss to Mexico was a qualifier for the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
It is endemic to Brazil, and is threatened by habitat loss.
The Gamecocks' 2016 campaign ended with a 46–39 overtime loss to South Florida in the 2016 Birmingham Bowl.
In May 1943 Di Cossato learned that Tazzoli, having been converted into a transport submarine, had disappeared with all hands after sailing towards the Far East; the loss of his old crew deeply affected him.
Entitled Interim Figures, these shadowy pale photographs are intended to evoke the loss experienced by so many during the height of the AIDS epidemic and the futility of capturing true human likeness in both portraiture and memory.
A victory over Sydney in the final minutes of the round 10 game saw a small amount of hope return, but the next week against Port Adelaide, the club was kept to just three points in the first half en route to another major loss.
The instructor feathered the propeller too soon after a go-around with the flaps deployed and the aircraft entered a banking turn with a loss of airspeed.
However in a match against Örebro on 20 April 2009, he received a straight red card in the 44th minute, just one minute before the half–time, in a 2–0 loss.
A single goal from Billy Sharp was enough to prove decisive in this Yorkshire derby, a loss which sees Barnsley drop to within two points of the relegation zone; their most precarious position all season.
Other developmental changes to vision might include cataracts, glaucoma, and the loss of central visual field with macular degeneration.
The season also included a last second 0–1 loss to No.
ALS is a clinical diagnosis defined by the loss of movement through the degeneration of motor neuron cells.
The team had an unexpected loss early in the season to Furman in a close match, but otherwise the season is notable for visiting Washington D. C. and the White House upon traveling North for the first time to face the Harvard Crimson, and the upset of Tulane.
Among the many football highlights of 1928 were the Gators' 26–6 victory over the Georgia Bulldogs, which ended a six-game losing streak versus the Bulldogs, and the controversial loss to Tennessee ending their bid at an undefeated season and possible Rose Bowl berth.
 Loss and Gain (John Henry Newman, 1848)
The season began poorly for the Irish with a loss at BYU.
Lee Yong-dae and Jung Jae-sung didn't start off the year so well with a loss in their home game at the 2012 Korea Open Super Series Premier losing to Cai Yun and Fu Haifeng in three sets, 18–21 21–17 21–19.
By completing NVC's core curriculum, students are allowed to transfer to any public institution in Texas without the worry of loss of credit in the transfer process.
Ink tags fall into the loss prevention category called benefit denial.
He made his debut, and scored his first goal, for his new club on 16 April 2011, a 2-1 loss to the Carolina RailHawks.
Conflicting orders and confusion nearly resulted in the loss of the battery when the enemy repulsed the Union line on the 30th.
In February 2009, publication of a photograph of Phelps using a water pipe, a device used for smoking tobacco or marijuana, surfaced on a British newspaper resulting in the loss of Kellogg as a sponsor, as well as a three-month suspension imposed by USA Swimming.
All were placed on injured reserve, and only Rodgers returned from his injury, only to be placed back on injured reserve after the Packers were eliminated from playoff contention following a Week 15 loss to the Carolina Panthers.
Walford joined the St. George Dragons in 1985 but only played two games for the season and missed out on the Dragons' 6-7 loss to Canterbury-Bankstown in the Grand Final at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
During French King Louis XIV's wars of conquest, it is likely that the village was destroyed once again, although this time without the great loss of population.
In the Thirty Years' War and French King Louis XIV's wars of conquest, there was great loss of life.
The "magic" angle depends on both the incoming electron energy (which is typically fixed) and the energy loss suffered by the electron.
Norman won only one match during the 2014–15 season, and following a 10–2 loss against Tom Ford at the 2015 World Championship qualifiers he decided to retire from professional snooker to concentrate on his coaching work at the South West Snooker Academy.
While a steady rise in population was to be noted throughout the 19th century, in the 20th, there was an at first gradual and then eventually a worsening loss in numbers.
Both the change in velocity and the energy loss depend on the complex permittivity of the cometary materials.
Also eligible are those of civilian status who lose a limb, or the loss of use of a limb, or an eye as a result of War Service or enemy or terrorist action against HM Forces with which those of civilian status are employed, or volunteer, to provide direct support.
But Burright batted only .205 in 276 plate appearances and committed a costly error in the ninth inning of the decisive Game 3 of the 1962 National League tie-breaker series, which led to an insurance run in the Dodgers' 6–4 loss to the San Francisco Giants.
His last game with the national team was an October 23, 1968 loss to Haiti.
On 26 September 2015, Marin scored his first goal with the Turkish side in a 3–1 loss against Osmanlıspor.
Cuno Barragan's only MLB home run came on his very first big-league at bat, on September 1, 1961 off left-hander Dick LeMay; 5,427 people witnessed this event, which came early in a 14-inning loss by the Cubs to the Giants at Wrigley Field on a Friday afternoon.
The Dodgers would win that tie-breaker and the 1959 World Series championship, but Snyder's last appearance for them happened July 14, when he was touched for three earned runs in only one-third of an inning in a 9–1 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates.
He later played in an unofficial match, a 10–0 loss to Italy on April 2, 1975.
Some commentators have suggested that copyright violation through BitTorrent need not mean a loss of sales.
The sinking was the greatest single loss of life for the German Baltic forces for the duration of the war.
Eight tells the story of the life of an eight-year-old football fan who has to come to terms with living in a strange new town and the loss of his father.
Clinical studies in the USA have shown that the MCI Screen detects early-stage, memory loss due to multiple underlying medical conditions including Alzheimer's disease, cerebrovascular disease, and others.
His second cap was another loss to Haiti on May 11, 1969.
The shot struck Steel in the face in the right eye and nose area, causing permanent damage to the eye and loss of sight.
According to the band's official announcement, they did not part ways on negative terms; as a reason, the group cited the loss of "internal chemistry" among its members.
The Yellow Crazy Ants are believed to be a danger to all mammals, birds, and reptiles on the island because the ants either act as predators to the species or deplete its resources and destroy the habitat in which the species lives, causing loss of life in both scenarios.
After Michigan's season-ending loss to Ohio State, Carr announced he would retire as the team's coach after their bowl game.
Kae is the Biggest Loser, with a percentage weight loss of 3.66%.
Bill is the Biggest Loser with a percentage weight loss of 4.05%.
Antibodies attack the coating of the motor neurons without causing inflammation or loss of myelin.
On 20 September 2013, José Miguel Granadino and 13 other players of El Salvador were banned for life, the players were accused of receiving bribes such as a 5–0 defeat against Mexico in 2011 and a 4–2 loss against Paraguay in February 2013.
By year-end 1995, the new Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings suffered a marginal loss of a few million dollars.
García Remón's last game was a loss at the hand of Sevilla, where the eventual champions Barça were six points clear from their nearest rivals, and Madrid sitting in lowly fifth.
He shot his first goal in the Super League on 21 August 2021, in a 2:1 loss against city rivals FC Zürich.
On 3 November 2010, Drinčić made his UEFA Champions League debut in a 1–4 away loss to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, coming off the bench in 67th minute as substitute for Aleksandr Sheshukov.
Capetown rescued the 20 survivors of the  sloop-of-war  after Valerian foundered in the Atlantic Ocean  south of Bermuda on 22 October 1926 during a hurricane with the loss of most of her crew.
Many commentators, including CNAS fellow Andrew Exum and retired Marine Colonel Thomas X. Hammes, lamented his retirement because they saw it as a significant loss for the Army.
Donenfeld accepted to distribute the comic but with heavy loss of rights to Wheeler-Nicholson.
The loss also ended the 30 game home winning streak compiled by the Mountaineers since a playoff defeat to Maine in 2002.
While this was taking place Washington presided from a distance over the loss of control of the Delaware River to the British, and marched his army to its winter quarters at Valley Forge in December.
Görges could not avenge her loss against Stephens, and lost in three sets.
It was a major loss to the battalion.
All the more painful was the loss of 38 men from Fehl-Ritzhausen, who as Wehrmacht soldiers fell in battle or went missing.
Pinch-hitting for pitcher Joe Black against the St. Louis Cardinals' Vic Raschi, Thompson singled in the 10–1 Dodgers loss.
Six days later after the 7–0 loss, Pudil played against his former club in a 1–1 draw; but the next meeting soon happened again six months later, when Pudil set up a goal for Zdeněk Šenkeřík, to score the only goal in the game.
This social shift leads, for some individuals, to a loss of dharma and an introduction of anomie in its place.
Houston had 158 career tackles, 16 pass breakups, 12 tackles for loss, five forced fumbles and three fumble recoveries.
The swap also has had considerable opposition and may have cost Ann Kirkpatrick her congressional seat in her 2010 loss to Paul Gosar; however, she regained the seat in 2012 and won again in 2014.
He made his debut in the competition on 12 July as the team suffered a narrow 0–1 loss at Sheriff Stadium.
Some single-element close-up lenses produce images with severe aberrations but there are also high-quality close-up lenses composed as achromatic doublets which are capable of producing excellent images, with fairly low loss of sharpness.
In the East Regional of the 2009 NCAA Tournament, Air Force upset top seed Michigan 2–0, and just missed going to the Frozen Four in a 3–2 double overtime loss to Vermont.
The Byzantines faced repeated attacks from eastern and western powers during the Fourth Crusade, and declined further until the loss of Constantinople to the Ottoman Turks in 1453.
Initially suicidal over the loss, Dixon eventually channels his grief into his field work.
On December 13, 2016, he collected a season-high 11 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 19–17 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
If students are able to participate in academic activities during the summer months, they are less likely to be at risk for summer learning loss.
He started in the first leg at Selman Stërmasi Stadium on 29 June, netting inside 4 minutes with a shoot outside the zone in an eventual 1–3 loss.
The maximum gain and loss potential are the same for call and put spreads.
This is approximately twice the weight loss produced by medications currently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of obesity.
In Phillips' first two major league games, which were relief appearances, he got a win and a loss.
This pleiotropic nature of the mutations was demonstrated when the emergence of novel salivary gland or mouth hook expression was linked with the nearly complete loss of the original embryonic expression pattern.
They then split a pair of games with the Birmingham Athletic Club, and closed out the season with a 32–22 loss in the first Iron Bowl against Auburn on February 22, 1893.
After a loss to Tulane at New Orleans, Alabama was defeated by LSU in the first all-time game between the schools.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 1–5.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Sewanee to 1–3.
The Lions were especially dominant among other Alabama teams, building a 31–0–2 record, beginning with a 32–6 win over Livingston (now West Alabama) in 1952 and ending 12 years later with a 21–7 loss to Troy State in 1964.
The Aggies completed the 2007 season with a 7–6 record, with their final game resulting in a 24–17 loss to Penn State in the 2007 Alamo Bowl.
If a short grip length can not be avoided, the use of conical spring washers (Belleville washers or disc springs) can also reduce the loss of bolt pre-load due to embedment.
It wasn't until 26 April 2015 when he made his first appearance of the season, in a 2–1 loss against Daejeon Citizen.
Once again, Nilsson was sent-off for the second time this season on 15 October 2011, in a 1–0 loss against PSV Eindhoven.
The ship sank with the loss of more than 1,000 lives.
Kentucky's regular season record was 30–1, with its only loss being by one point coming from a 3-pointer buzzer-beater by the Indiana Hoosiers' Christian Watford at Assembly Hall on December 10, 2011.
Alongside the absence of pleasure, other noticeable changes include psychomotor retardation, disrupted patterns of sleeping and feeding, a loss of sex drive and motivation—which are all also characteristics of the body's reaction to actual physical pain.
Gaby is engaged to Rudolph's nephew, Hans, and despite his sense of loss, Rudolph's is pleased for his nephew; the new generation will consummate the lost love of Rudolph's youth.
The worldwide power loss including theft is estimated at approximately two-hundred billion dollars annually.
With the loss, Benfica had lost 18 points in Luz, was 21 points behind Porto and fell from second to fourth place.
Cork were the red-hot favourites going into the game, however, his loss on the field was felt as Limerick put Cork to the pin of their collars.
This broke the previous record of 96 points set by Hawthorn against Melbourne in the 1988 VFL Grand Final; it was also, at the time, Port Adelaide's heaviest defeat in an AFL match (this record was surpassed twice in two consecutive weeks in 2011, culminating in a 165-point loss to Hawthorn).
But with the series tied at one game apiece Queensland needed some special emotion of their own to avoid a loss.
Volume 24: Economic Loss Caused by Genetically Modified Organisms.
He is implied to feign loss of memory.
Intensive weight loss and lifestyle intervention, if sustained, may improve glucose tolerance substantially and prevent progression from IGT to type 2 diabetes.
In the subsequent second phase of the Battle of Algeciras Bay, the two first rates  and  fired upon each other during the night, caught fire and exploded, with tremendous loss of life.
After Virginia Tech's loss to East Carolina University though, his redshirt was taken off due to Tech's need for more offense.
Distraught over the loss and in conflict with his father, he moved in with his aunt and uncle.
They began the season with a 30–26 loss to Arizona State on September 17.
The Price era began with a lopsided 41–9 loss to Arizona State, but the team rebounded as Price recorded his first win as UTEP's head coach in a 32–0 shutout over Weber State the following week.
The Miners were defeated by TCU, its only loss in conference play.
Ordu sank with the loss of two crew members.
After the loss of the mainland, the guns left behind were both used by the People's Liberation Army and exported to the Viet Minh.
In these situations, more in-depth counselling and psychotherapy would be important in helping the individual recover from the traumatic loss.
Still angry over the loss to the Ravens, the Seahawks finished the AFC North portion of their schedule by crushing the Browns 34–7; Andre King scored on a blocked Seahawks punt in the fourth quarter but by then Matt Hasselbeck had thrown three touchdowns and the Seahawks had forced three Browns turnovers.
Also a memorable game was a 20–17 loss in overtime to the Denver Broncos.
The loss dropped Seattle to a record of 2–11–0.
There was no loss of life but after the vessel was eventually refloated it drifted ashore and broke up.
He played three more games that November, his last with the national team coming in a 2–0 loss to Israel on 15 November 1973.
In 2016 to 2019, there was a 5.6% loss in Lucas Bols, leading to less profitability of shareholders.
They finished the season with a record of one win and one loss (1–1).
Though belt drives have greater power loss than chains, which are typical of high-performance motorcycles, they do not suffer from chain lash, since chains must be kept slightly loose but belts remain tight at all times, meaning the responsiveness of the drivetrain is comparable to a heavier and more costly shaft drive.
Hull was accused of incompetence in the loss of Detroit and the Michigan Territory to the British in June 1812, and the journals Lucas kept during the campaign were used as evidence to convict Hull.
Mulholland played in both, a win over Poland and a loss to Ireland.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = White Sox team member
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = Postponement/TieBold = Pilots team member
The following week, he suffered his first loss when he was beaten a head by  Art Official in a world record time of 1:47.0.
He made his debut, as a 67th-minute substitute for Lukas Jutkiewicz in a 2–0 home victory over Derby County on 10 September, and five days later scored his first Birmingham goal, a late penalty in a 4–1 loss at home to Fulham.
This sea ice loss constitutes one of the main drivers for surface-based Arctic amplification.
In the 2009 Independence Bowl against Georgia, he completed 29 of 58 passes for 362 yards and two touchdowns, but was sacked three times and intercepted twice in the loss.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 43–38–7 (45–37–7 without NCAA vacations and forfeits).
The company struggled after World War I: the loss of military contracts sharply reduced demand for luminescent paint and dials, and in 1922, high-grade ore was discovered in Katanga, driving all U.S. suppliers out of business except U.S. Radium and the Standard Chemical Company.
In 1994, Buttigieg represented the Queensland under-17 team, starting at prop in a loss to New South Wales.
Audiogram at that time showed bilateral profound hearing loss with no responses to pure-tone or speech testing.
The athletic highlight of Flynt's two years at Sul Ross was participating in a victory against Texas A&I, which went on to win the 1969 NAIA Football National Championship, with its only loss being to Sul Ross.
Finally, in 2007, his research found that excessive electrical dosage correlated with risk of memory loss.
Despite a €105 million investment, the biggest ever in Portuguese football, the season started with Benfica's elimination in the Champions League third qualifying round and continued with a loss at the Super Cup, an elimination from the League Cup, and a fourth place at the end of the league's first round.
The first was a 20 August 1972 loss to Canada.
His last game came in a 6–0 loss to Argentina on 21 August 1975.
The bank had been strong supporters of the line, and many local businesspeople were embarrassed, causing a local financial panic, and the loss of promised subscriptions to the railway.
He featured in Arsenal pre-season matches for the 2008–09 season, mostly as a left back, and was an unused substitute in Arsenal's 1–0 Premier League loss to Fulham on 24 August 2008, and a 3–1 victory over Bolton Wanderers on September.
Three weeks later on 23 November 2011, Santana made his first UEFA Champions League start, in a 2–1 loss against Arsenal.
A threat is a communication of intent to inflict harm or loss on another person.
On November 22, 2012, during a Thanksgiving night Jets blowout 49–19 loss to the New England Patriots, Ed left the game at halftime and deleted his Twitter account.
In a September 2007 essay in Glamour magazine, she revealed that she had undergone gastric bypass surgery in August 2003, resulting in a loss of  over three years.
Despite the loss, and losing Battle indefinitely to a wrist injury that he suffered on the first play of the game, the Irish felt they proved something to the country, and moved up in the rankings to 21st.
In the semi-final, they again defeated Conception Bay North 7–2 and in the final they avenged their only loss with a 3–2 win over Kensington to win their second straight Don Johnson Cup.
| 1990-02-03 || Loss ||align=left| Lisa Howarth|| Muay Thai event || London, England || Points || 3 || 3:00 || 12-1
The formation of illegitimate sulfide bonds creates a misfolded protein, resulting in loss of function.
On 12 October episode of NXT, Holland wrestled his final match on NXT, teaming with Dunne in a loss to Kyle O'Reilly and Von Wagner.
2013 will see only one major change to the squad with the loss of shooter Juliana Naoupu, who has returned home to play for the Canterbury Tactix.
Arizona was tied for first, but did not receive the Rose Bowl invitation because of the head-to-head loss at UCLA.
On 28 January 2017, Hernández scored Bayer Leverkusen's second goal in the 2–3 loss to Borussia Mönchengladbach, ending his eleven-match scoreless streak.
Ericsson scored Detroit's only goal in Game 7 of their 2–1 loss to Pittsburgh.
Paços de Ferreira for 2007–08, scoring in his debut in the Primeira Liga on 18 August 2007 after heading home in a 1–3 away loss against C.S.
He scored his first goal for the club in a 4–3 home loss to Southport on 17 August, and added a further two goals in a 2–2 draw away to Wrexham seven days later.
Alice arranges for a place in her aerial act for her alcoholic brother Frank who is recovering from the loss of his wife.
The band's performance of the song during the closing ceremony was lauded as inspiring, in light of the loss of Barlow's stillborn daughter Poppy a week before.
After her death the decline in work produced by Tintoretto was ascribed to grief for his daughter, rather than the loss of a skillful assistant.
This loss appeared to be a turning point in the season, as the Pirates lost 15 of their next 18 games from July 27 to August 14, and at one point, lost 10 games in a row.
The sudden loss of his professional skills and civic leadership was felt keenly.
SparkPeople.com announced on February 15, 2012 that during January 2012 that there were 10 million visitors to the website, making it the most visited fitness and weight loss site on the internet.
Firestorm's run as a heel came to an end following a loss against Rocky Della Serra in New Westminster, BC in December 2003.
In 2018, EUFIC collaborated in FAO's Global Initiative on Food Waste and Loss.
He held Georgia Tech's Sack record at 28.5 and Tackle for Loss record at 52.5 for many years.
Critics of the decision expressed regret at the loss of variety in styles of liturgical worship at USF caused by the campus minister's ruling.
The song was written when Berlin was suffering a loss of confidence following several setbacks, and he initially placed the song in a drawer, feeling that it would not be successful.
August ended with the Astros sweeping the Cardinals in three at Houston, dropping them to 13-13 for the month and 74-63 for the season and leaving St. Louis a full six games behind Milwaukee in the loss column.
The third series begins with Cleo and Rikki dealing with the loss of Emma who is travelling the world with her family.
March 29, 1996 – The Raptors suffer their worst loss of the season.
A pulled hamstring in the season finale at San Francisco forced him to miss the playoff loss against the Dallas Cowboys.
| 1997-11-09 || Loss ||align=left| Ernesto Hoost || K-1 Grand Prix '97 Final Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00 || 3-1
This type of weight loss is usually a sign of a health problem.
In December 1980, the government announced a project that would build a second smelter at Aramoana, but opposition from the public, changes in the aluminium market, and the loss of a commercial partner meant the project did not go ahead.
| 2010-10-03 || Loss ||align=left| Mohammed Khamal || K-1 World MAX 2010 Final 16 - Part 2 || Seoul, South Korea || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
Whatever the cause of the tragic loss, it may have been somewhat of a relief on a practical level as the baby had arrived at a difficult juncture in Maud's life, with her husband dying and she being appointed executrix of his estate.
Marshall would later achieve international recognition for his expertise on the education and welfare of those with sight loss, and received the OBE in 1976.
Loss of United States citizenship by prior Nazi affiliation
Sala was next in line for a title shot against Robinson after LaMotta's loss to "Sugar" Ray in 1951, however Robinson signed to fight Holly Mims  One of Sala's most memorable bouts was against Syracuses' Joey Dejohn, who went on to fight Jake LaMotta.
He had to overcome a serious eye injury (detached retina and punctured iris) to take his place in the  1984 Grand Final and retired after his club’s narrow 6-4 loss to the Canterbury Bulldogs.
His injuries resulted in the loss of his right leg below the knee and a lengthy hospitalisation.
If a taxpayer sells an asset for less than its basis, then the taxpayer has taken a loss.
He has become reticent and distant since the loss of his and Sarah's young daughter Amelia within the last year.
He returned to the side in round 20 and was one of the better players in the round 22 loss to Essendon.
Computation of gain and loss is governed by section 1001(a) of the Code.
Santa Maria de Ripoll was the main religious center of Catalonia until the 15th century, when it started to decline, beginning with the loss of control over the Monastery of Montserrat in 1402.
That was followed by his third and final national team game, a 4-0 loss to Poland on August 10, 1973.
Environmentally friendly technologies used include occupancy sensors, ventilation that monitors carbon dioxide levels to determine when to activate, high performance exterior glass to reduce heat loss, and solar panels to generate electricity.
When Cyrus is found shot to death in his office, the insurance company rules his death a suicide, leaving the O'Dell family with no compensation for the loss of income, in "Spit & Eggs."
Damage is wrought throughout southeastern and central Texas, with widespread loss of crops and uprooted trees.
This difference is mainly due to the different long-term channel impairments such as path loss and shadow fading which are experienced by different links.
The loss of these and other famous street artworks in Melbourne reignited a decade long debate over heritage protection for Melbourne's street art.
After that second Philly loss, the Cubs were 84–60 and the Mets had pulled ahead at 85–57.
Ret is the measurement of the resistance to evaporative heat loss.
Climate change is anticipated to shrink cloud forests worldwide, resulting in further habitat loss.
Djokovic reached his fifth straight Grand Slam semifinal at the French Open (lost to Nadal), but suffered his earliest exit in a major since a first round loss at the 2006 Australian Open, in the second round of the Wimbledon Championships (lost to Safin).
Energy efficient transformers are therefore an important means to reduce transmission and distribution loss.
Peña was the first position player pressed into pitching service by the Royals since July 17, 1998, when infielder Shane Halter took a turn in an 18-5 loss at Seattle.
The loss of Titan's early atmosphere can be estimated with the 14N–15N isotopic ratio, because the lighter 14N is preferentially lost from the upper atmosphere under photolysis and heating.
The vessel's Navy service did not prove nearly as successful as her duty with the Army, amounting to only some six weeks on patrol without action before chronic flooding caused her total loss in a forced beaching.
The loss of players impacted most league, including the NAFBL.
Michaels first played for the national team in a 7-3 loss to Mexico on September 19, 1937.
He began the process, but Magneto's then-recent power loss was something Apocalypse had not counted, and soon his energies were depleted, creating a break in the chain of power.
On 29 July 1881, a fire that developed in a nearby bakery would cause the loss of the sacristy covered with wood shingles.
Connors's narration is heartfelt, yet off-hand, and is as "bitter as all the best tales of loss," according to The Independent.
As they advanced to the Eastern Conference Finals, they would defeat the 3rd-seeded Cleveland Cavaliers in six games, despite a 26-point home loss in Game 2, 107–81.
His professional loss came to former undisputed middleweight world champion Jermain Taylor (Truax knocked Taylor down in the 9th round.)
Speer announced his retirement from professional fighting after suffering a loss to Beau Baker in the Cagefest Xtreme 6 show in Norfolk, Virginia.
The Browns' starting pitcher was rookie (and former University of Michigan star) George Sisler, who pitched a complete game and hit a home run in the loss.
On 5 April 2015, he was sent off in the dying minutes of a 1–0 home loss to FC Barcelona for throwing a piece of turf at Sergio Busquets' face.
With the loss, Fedora is currently 3–5 all-time in bowl games.
Binney was instrumental in saving Calke Abbey and its contents for the nation in 1984; he had highlighted and publicised the loss to the nation of such historic houses following the failure of Save's attempts to preserve Mentmore Towers, a decade earlier.
At the age of five, his cousin threw an errant arrow which resulted in the loss of his eye.
March 1: Citadel Broadcasting announces a large loss of revenue and jettisons several staffers.
In a 5–4 loss to the Nationals, Garret Anderson breaks Tim Salmon's Angels record of 986 career runs; he ties the mark five days earlier.
The two previous games—one in 1931 and the other in 1932—resulted in one loss and one win for each team.
The main Thronos (Altar) is dedicated to the innocent babies killed by Herod the Great so as to avoid the loss of his throne to a newborn King of the Jews (the infant Jesus).
 A member of the Hanyu Gaming Club who, after hearing about Miyako's loss to Manami, researches methods of defeating Sahgan.
Castile suffered almost no loss of territory and was able to retain the city of Toledo, occupied the previous year.
In particular, vitamin C and folic acid are susceptible to loss during the commercial process, and canned or frozen broccoli for instance loses the entirety of its  nutrient.
The Afterthought Copper Company was experiencing declining revenues with the loss of lumber traffic at Bella Vista and the railroad went idle.
She advances the view that the loss of civil rights by the Jews in 168 BCE was an administrative punishment in the aftermath of local unrest over increased taxes; that the struggle was fundamentally economic, and merely interpreted as religiously driven in retrospect.
He played his first South Wales Derby on 7 November 2009 in a 3–2 loss, coming on for Tony Capaldi.
Their seventh loss came against the Seattle Supersonics wherein Gary Payton led the Supersonics towards the win.
Following the loss, the fund quickly changed their volatility strategies and CEO Kevin Uebelein announced he would leave AIMCo by June 2021.
According to a research conducted by Zai Liang and Yiu Por Chen and published in the journal "Social Science Research", "migration usually has negative consequences for children's schooling because of the loss of social capital in schools, neighborhood, and community of origin."
The Heritage Savings Trust Fund has not been immune to market forces through, and has gained and lost value according to general market trends including a $3-billion loss during the 2009 Great Recession resulting in the fund dropping to its 1985 value of $14 billion.
He played in Melbourne's 1954 Grand Final loss to Footscray.
Despite initial fears of there being some fatalities on Cikobia, no loss of life was recorded due to the storm.
Their games against France were one win and one loss, both 3–1.
Justice Horace Gray, delivered the opinion of the court that regulating riparian water rights was clearly within the purview of the state, that similar regulations were used in other states, that similar laws in New Hampshire went back to 1718, and that the remedy for any financial loss showed that due process of law was being preserved.
The crash caused the loss of 15 lives.
On October 21, 2012 Castillo played his 100th game for Alianza in their 2-0 loss against Metapan .
The American loss was 8 men of the 1st Regiment killed and 16 wounded;4 Rangers killed and 8 wounded.
In the Sainokuni Magokoro National Sports Festival held that fall, the last national tournament of his high school career, Wakui avenged his earlier loss against Tomakomai High by pitching a 14-strikeout complete game win in the first round.
According to MGM records, the film recorded a loss of $1,462,000.
The 3:1 loss in the best-of-5 series was regarded as one of the biggest upsets in Swedish floorball history.
He is quickly disenchanted with the changes that have happened during his absence, particularly the emergence of Intergang, as well as the loss of his personal fortune.
The upper classes continued to disinvest capital and smuggle capital out of the country, and the only foreseeable solution to this loss of capital was continuing with nationalisation.
 A Loss of Roses
The Edge, as it's commonly called by readers, was created in part due to the loss of readership among young people in the Bangor area, a problem afflicting many major newspapers across the country.
He is widely remembered for his years heading up Warner-Reprise's Creative Services department, writing innovative ads, and other marketing approaches, including the storied Warner/Reprise Loss Leaders series.
Within attachment theory, Bowlby, in Attachment and Loss, volume one of Attachment (1969), makes it quite clear that infants become attached to carers who are sensitive and responsive in their social interactions with them and that this does not have to be the mother or indeed a female.
He made his Gold Coast Titans debut against Wests Tigers at Skilled Park in a 15-14 loss.
It also expressed concern about loss of competitiveness without a U.S. East Coast regional agreement to install such systems.
The loss of several of the FAI cup winning squad saw Town struggle in the 2007 as did a 6-point deduction for licensing issues and Martin left the club in the summer transfer window to sign for Shamrock Rovers in exchange for Jamie Duffy and Ian Ryan.
Therefore, on average, wave energy of the undulations is transported away from the front, and contributing to the energy loss in the region of the front.
Paul's reason for battling Brandon was to avenge Reggie's loss while Paul believed that his true inner strength was his will.
Rebel shareholders led by Gerry Killen, Alf Smiddy, Mike Soden and Peter Brennan, criticised Lynch's remuneration in a year in which the company reported a loss of €11m and challenged his reappointment.
He made his debut for the Magic in their season opener on 26 October, recording 14 points and seven rebounds in a 108–96 loss to the Miami Heat.
American Samoa closed their qualification campaign with a 5–0 loss to Tonga.
This is perhaps nowhere more vividly illustrated than in the annual reports of the late 90s when the association experience a loss of over $60,000.
Following this loss, the Haas Brothers left the promotion.
• "Amnesia" (Random Access Memory Loss Mix) by Chumbawamba
This loss of citizenship, however, is prefaced by a warning issued by the Italian state urging the Italian citizen to give up their public or military position within an allotted amount of time.
Mounting blocks were especially useful for women riding sidesaddle or pillion, that is 'riding double', allowing a horse to be mounted without a loss of modesty.
Dörr and Ehrler were both made responsible for the loss and tried before the Reichskriegsgericht on 17, 18 and 20 December 1944.
This would be the last time the Pittsburgh franchise reached the century mark in the loss column until 1917, when the team was known as the Pittsburgh Pirates.
In the first decisions of the series for either bullpen, right-handed reliever Ryan Madson got the win for Philadelphia, while Cory Wade suffered the loss for Los Angeles.
The Ducks suffered their first loss of the season against USC but were able to bounce back and defeat then ranked #1 UCLA marking the second time in school history the Ducks had defeated a #1 Bruins team.
In order to claim a deduction, the ""Kentucky"" court required the taxpayer to a) exhaust all reasonable prospects for insurance indemnification before claiming a sustained loss or (b) that 26 U.S.C.
His first game cap was a 3-0 loss to Chile on June 5, 1988.
He retired from boxing after this loss, finishing with a career record of 61-18-3 (36).
Philles starter Brett Myers lasted seven innings, giving up four runs (three earned) and took the loss.
It is thought to be extinct in Israel due to habitat loss.
The Panthers' run game was tenacious with two players rushing for over 100 yards and Cincinnati QB Ben Mauk's 3 turnovers in the 4th quarter leading to a second straight loss and drop out of the rankings for the Bearcats.
LaRosa's first loss came in May 2003 at the hands of Jennifer Howe, who was then considered to be the top female fighter in MMA.
In 1991, he managed the massive expansion program in the Ghawar oilfield, to fill the production gap caused by the loss of oil output from Iraq and Kuwait during the Gulf War.
The last match he played was a loss away to Milan on 29 May 29, 1932, 6–1.
| 1994-11-27 || Loss ||align=left| Danny Norton || WKA Championship Kickboxing || Birmingham, England || || || |||| Full-Contact 
9 March – The King George arrives in Port Jackson and is the first to report the loss of the Boyd.
Angered by the loss of his birthplace, between 1830–31 Black Hawk led a number of incursions across the Mississippi River into Illinois, but was persuaded each time to return west without bloodshed.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = TieBold = Pirates team member
Bunning then came in for game four, also pitching on two days' rest, and lasted three innings in a 14–8 loss.
According to Fox records the film required $1,150,000 in rentals to break even, but by 11 December 1970 it had only made $575,000, making it a loss to the studio.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Pirates team member
During a Week 10 loss to the Indianapolis Colts, Alualu recorded five solo tackles and sacked Andrew Luck.
The Limbless Association is a charitable organization in the United Kingdom set up to help those with limb loss, and assist their families and carers.
However at the start of 2001, Cardiff lost all of their crucial matches, including a Heineken Cup quarter-final loss to Gloucester 21–15.
No text was published, however the Australian newspaper alleged that the email expressed concerns of the Reserve Bank about a 'flight to safety' caused by the unlimited guarantee of deposits in Authorised Deposit-taking Institutions, and the consequent loss of liquidity in secondary credit markets.
In order to reduce incidental mortality by snaring and trapping and habitat loss by timber harvesting critical habitat for the Newfoundland marten was placed in groups for legal protection.
He completed 13-of-29 passes, with 187 passing yards, one passing touchdown and 66 rushing yards in the 49ers 45–16 loss to the Buffalo Bills.
On November 27, 2011, Talib recorded three combined tackles, deflected a pass, and scored his third career touchdown after intercepting Matt Hasselbeck and returning it 28-yards during the Buccaneers' 23–17 loss at the Tennessee Titans.
The loss of the Empire's richest provinces, coupled with successive invasions, reduced the imperial economy to a relatively impoverished state, compared to the resources available to the Caliphate.
The loss of so many wildland firefighters caused tremendous grief to many, and helped spur the idea to form some type of entity that could help the families of the fallen.
It has suffered from extensive paint loss, the wearing and darkening of its colours, and an accumulation of dirt.
The season started with a long trip to the east coast for a series of games, ending with a loss to Stanford back west in San Francisco.
After a loss on February 16 by a 5-3 score at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, the Whalers put together a three-game winning streak, scoring six goals in each of their wins.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = Tie
There is also a moving moment in the video in which a girl mourns the loss of her dog.
After starting the season with a 2–1 record, a loss to the Washington Capitals on October 9 began what would become a seven-game losing streak.
But loss of time and cost of cure, being elements sounding in money, and not in the nature of penalties, can only be determined by judges having ordination.
"The Pereyaslav Council - tragedy for Ukraine and loss for Europe" (2003) and others.
The 1998 edition felt a loss of attendance because of competing local events.
Jones' first game in charge of Canada ended in a 51–9 uncapped loss to the Māori All Blacks in Vancouver.
His national team career ended after a row with coach Elek Schwartz, who benched Wiersma after a 4-1 loss against Denmark in 1962.
It was a courageous series effort by New South Wales who for the first time in their Origin history came back from a Game I loss to clinch the series and for the first time ever claimed three successive series victories.
From having been under pressure and looking as if a loss was imminent, the Blues had bounced back for a four-point lead at 10–6.
No loss may be reported until the final year.
Despite Goldwater's landslide loss to President Johnson in 1964, the struggling economy and the escalation of the unpopular Vietnam War led to Johnson's approval ratings falling dramatically, to the point where he refused to seek another term in 1968.
Mack holds the all-time NCAA record for forced fumbles and is also tied for career tackles for loss in the NCAA.
In a 2–0 loss against Colombia on 11 June 2013, Zambrano was sent–off for a second bookable offence.
In response to the sudden loss of territory on the Eastern frontier, Heraclius organized a capable-sized army and marched to Antioch.
Head coach Scott Linehan was fired after the loss and was replaced by Jim Haslett.
The loss of Charles was a particularly hard blow to the Horns.
The expression and transcriptional activity of Sox9 is directly linked with the loss of RhoA activity and illustrates how RhoA participates in the transcriptional control of specific protein expression.
On December 22, 2013, he collected a season-high six combined tackles in the Dolphins' 19–0 loss at the Buffalo Bills in Week 16.
The creature is destroyed but with a great cost: the loss of Kara, whose spirit now lives within the life stone.
However, the ship was unable to be pulled off the rocks and declared a constructive total loss on 12 December 1946.
The plants and trees around the world would die at an alarming rate which would, in turn, set off a chain reaction that would cause many other animals to die due to the environment change and habitat loss.
On the other hand, Liechtenstein are the only country ever to lose to San Marino with a 0-1 loss in a friendly match on 28 April 2004.
Notre Dame came into this annual game with 43 straight wins against Navy since the last loss against Heisman Trophy winner Roger Staubach in 1963.
Loss of IRS-1 expression and PTEN mutations in LNCaP cells could promote metastasis.
The final report from the Netherlands Aviation Safety Board found that pilot error, through inadequate use of flight controls during unequal throttle go-around, resulting in loss of control, was the primary cause of the accident.
In Week 9, he collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (ten solo) during a 30–24 loss to the Chicago Bears.
The loss had a profound impact on her life and outlook, as evident in her poetry.
His later years were embittered by the loss in 1877, through the defalcations of his solicitor, of the greater part of his forty years' savings.
Doosan's bullpen reclaimed a hold on the game, but they were unable to score any runs and suffered their first shutout loss of the series.
 Petitioner Ruzatullah Faces the Threat of Irreparable Harm Based on the Potential Loss of his Habeas Claims
K. Webb, The Continued Importance of Geographic Distance and Boulding's Loss of Strength Gradient, Comparative Strategy, Volume 26, Issue 4, 2007.
Most of the loss occurred after 2000.
A significantly greater bone loss and immune cell infiltration in the synovial joints was observed in the arthritic 14-3-3ζ KO animals.
At the end of its service life, zinc building products can be recycled indefinitely without loss to chemical or physical properties.
Florida opened March with two road games, as they tied the Philadelphia Flyers 2–2 on March 2, followed by a 6–1 loss at the hands of the New Jersey Devils.
June Raines took over the Gamecocks in 1977 and picked up where Richardson left off, leading the Gamecocks to a 43–12–1 record and its second National Title game appearance in three years (2–1 loss to Arizona State).
The season came to an end in Austin, Texas, in a loss to the home-town Aztex 0–4 in the Southern Conference semi-finals to end the season with a 10–4–1 record.
The Marlins started the month with a loss to the Dodgers, but after taking two of three from the Padres they swept the Brewers and the Nationals back-to-back to eventually improve to a Major League best record on May 11, before the Reds took three in a row in Cincinnati.
However, Akash begins to feel a strange sense of loss after he bids Anjali goodbye.
Roger A. Bruns wrote the following about Kennedy's assassination: "For the country and especially for the farm workers community, the killing of Robert Kennedy was a profoundly tragic loss."
The cancellations of Moonlighting and Kate & Allie  have been attributed in part to audience loss stemming from the shows' long hiatuses due to the writers' strike.
Despite having an extra man for the next ten minutes, the Waratahs were unable to score, and were further hampered by the loss of Kurtley Beale to injury.
He served as an alderman for Toowong between 1926 and his election loss in 1931.
The broken skins also bring the risk of oxidation and a loss of some of the aromatic qualities in the wine.
The loss of Glen Jackson and Brent Russell for the opening of the season due to pre-season injuries represented a significant blow to the club, but nonetheless the season began well with a return to winning ways against Wasps in the opening day London double-header.
His later years were marked by increasing debt, the loss of his parliamentary seat and poor health.
On 10 March 2009, he made his debut for Newcastle in their 2–0 loss in the AFC Champions League to Beijing Guoan.
More advanced OLTS may incorporate two or more power meters, and so can measure Optical Return Loss.
August 8: Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Corporation (MGIC, Milwaukee, Wisconsin) announces it will discontinue its purchase of Radian Group after suffering a billion-dollar loss  of its investment in Credit-Based Asset Servicing and Securitization (C-BASS, New York]).
The loss was a Civil War record for points allowed as well as yards allowed, and saw the Beavers fall from Rose Bowl hopefuls to being demoted to the third position in the Pac-10, playing in the Sun Bowl (won by the Beavers by a 3–0 score [sic].
From this time there was a gradual loss of passengers owing to horse bus competition, favoured no doubt by the freedom from noise and smoke.
L denotes the goaltender assigned the loss.
A loss or lack of courage or confidence; an onset of uncertainty or fear.
Judy Mazel (December 20, 1943 – October 12, 2007) was an American weight loss advocate the author of "The Beverly Hills Diet", which became a 1981 best seller and a nationwide diet craze.
The software allows the user to monitor each poker session's profit or loss, hands played, time played, and table style.
Typical problems encountered in historic paint analysis include such things as paint loss, surface deterioration, newer materials, substrates, delamination, media and pigment deterioration, and alligatoring.
The second was an April 7, 1957 loss to Mexico in World Cup qualifying.
Despite this loss of area, Warren Township had a population of 22,126 in 1940.
Despite the loss, Barry was able to get a takedown during the fight, and even attempted a keylock submission.
In agreement with this, mice with ablation of N-cadherin in adult hearts via a cardiac-specific tamoxifen-inducible Cre N-cadherin transgene showed disrupted assembly of intercalated discs, dilated cardiomyopathy, impaired cardiac function, decreased sarcomere length, increased Z-line thickness, decreases in connexin 43, and a loss in muscular tension.
They weren't able to qualify for the semi-finals, as they were eliminated by Atlético Madrid, with 1–1 draw at home and 3–1 loss in Vicente Calderón.
Drake lost in humiliating fashion to their instate conference rival scoring a season low 43 points in route to a 70-43 loss.
July 6, 1986: In an 11-8 loss to the Montreal Expos, Bob Horner hit four home runs in one game.
However, excessive matrix deposition can lead to fibrosis, scarring, and loss of tissue function.
Mitochondrial complex V deficiency is a shortage (deficiency) or loss of function in complex V of the electron transport chain that can cause a wide variety of signs and symptoms affecting many organs and systems of the body, particularly the nervous system and the heart.
Jones hit a home run and Smoltz took the loss in the game.
The 20,000 French troops were drubbed, losing 760 men killed or wounded and 42 captured against a Prussian loss of only 16 killed and 92 wounded.
After a November 16, loss to the Bruins, they started a 9–0–2 streak on November 17 against the Atlanta Flames.
The loss of those two key players became noticeable when the Sting lost their final regular season game to finish 9-1.
Unlike Bartman, Jessee's goof did not result in a loss for his team; the Longhorns were able to shrug off the setback.
In cancer, loss of feedback restriction between transcription factors can lead to increased local PD-L1 expression, which could limit the effectiveness of systemic treatment with agents targeting PD-L1.
The loss snapped the Commodores' 4-game winning streak against the Wildcats.
In 1969, the school experienced multiple expansions concerning its buildings and also provided disability units for pupils suffering from partial hearing loss.
Players, known as comp hustlers or comp wizards, who play games with a low house advantage or low bet size such as penny slots, can get more than their expected loss in free items from the casino.
A loss of donations from listeners and businesses during the recession has led Northwestern College to close WSMR, even though the special temporary authority (STA) filed with the FCC said that the station would continue broadcasting.
These mutations most often occur at position R882 in the protein and this mutation may cause loss of function.
Public knowledge and gossip about sexual impurity or adultery are proposed to be the main reasons that loss of family honor can bring shame to the family.
In his next fight, he suffered an upset loss to Takashi Okada (1-0-1) who knocked Arroyo down in the second round en route to a unanimous decision victory.
Loss of function also contributes to prostate carcinogenesis.
With the extreme loss in profits and revenue, Walt Disney Studios, unable to keep its large number of employees on the payroll, laid off many of its animators.
In several types of cancer, a loss of Numb expression has been demonstrated.
According to MGM records, the film made $1,855,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $1,855,000 overseas, ultimately earning the studio a loss of $574,000.
Midshipmen fullback Eric Kettani finished the game with 125 yards on 12 carries, averaging 10.4 yards per carry, finishing one yard short of his season-best of 126 yards in a loss to the Ball State Cardinals earlier that year.
The works closed down in the 1990s with the loss of over a thousand skilled craft jobs.
Arriving back in the Valley for Aunt Betty's location was bittersweet in its loss of small-town friendliness and driving, but welcome in its more temperate climate.
The last game during World War II was a 1–5 loss against Kinderdijk-side VV De Zwerver in February 1944.
It is challenging to evaluate the prints of Bonasone after Raphael's paintings due to the loss of many original paintings.
He briefly appeared in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and teamed with Jeff Luxon in a loss to The Latin American Xchange (Homicide and Hernandez) on Impact!
The unrecognized gain or unrecognized loss from a like-kind exchange is preserved in the new property received in the exchange.
In the 1969 offseason, the Steelers hired former defensive coordinator Chuck Noll from the Baltimore Colts days after his loss to the New York Jets in Super Bowl III.
Conversely, a patient with hypomania with mixed features will present with the full criteria for a hypomanic episode, but with concurrent symptoms of decreased appetite, loss of interest, and low energy.
On 9 October 2020, Aubusson played his 306th and final game in his sides 18-22 loss to the Canberra Raiders at the Sydney Cricket Ground in week two of the finals, the Roosters were eliminated from the finals after also losing to the Penrith Panthers one week earlier.
On Thursday, December 3, 1992, in a 7-5 home loss against the Hartford Whalers, Rob Gaudreau scored the first hat trick in Sharks history.
Site-directed mutagenesis studies showed that the mutation of the upstream cysteine residue to serine resulted in complete loss of racemization activity, while the same mutation in the downstream cysteine residue resulted in retention of 10-20% racemization activity.
He did so in a 5–9 loss to Hartford on March 30.
Meanwhile, Mma Makutsi, Mma Ramotswe's assistant, moves to better rooms thanks to her promotion and extra income, but is mourning the loss of her brother.
It is found in at least one protected area (Kubah National Park), but is threatened elsewhere due to habitat loss.
In 2021 the university announced plans to create a facility for the university's marching band there due to a planned loss of facilities elsewhere on campus.
The loss of his leg did not impede the Marquess of Anglesey's career.
The loss of more than 50% of their original habitat due to agriculture, urbanization, and more recently, oil and gas development, is a major factor.
Autotransfusion is intended for use in situations characterized by the loss of one or more units of blood and may be particularly advantageous for use in cases involving rare blood groups, risk of infectious disease transmission, restricted homologous blood supply or other medical situations for which the use of homologous blood is contraindicated.
He retired following a loss in his next bout in 1994.
In the 68–65 last-second loss to #22 Davidson and Stephen Curry in Madison Square Garden, Butler led the Mountaineers with 24 points and 14 rebounds – his second double-double in three games.
In August 1983, it was the site of a disaster when 50 ships were trapped in ice, with the loss of one and damage to as many as 30 others.
Monluc, fearing the loss of his own prestige, tried to refuse the help, but Noailles was sent anyway.
Despite the loss, Amar was one of only seven fighters to take Liddell to decision.
After criticism about loss of biodiversity caused by large-scale land reforms began to be voiced in the late 1970s, the restoration of the natural environment became another objective.
In 1815, with the loss of territory to Prussia (because Saxony had been unable to break from its alliance to Napoleonic France), many of the personnel transferred to the Prussian Army - leaving only two Light Battalions and the Jäger Battalion, with the Light Battalions being re-designated as Schützen Battalions.
He made his debut for the club, in a 2–0 loss against Livingston and he scored his first goal, the next game, in a 2–2 draw.
After the game Higgins admitted he thought of his 6–5 loss to Dott in the semi-finals of the Malta Cup in January because he missed some important shots that provided Ebdon with opportunities, "What happened in Malta came back into my mind and put me under pressure.
Ulises goes into shock and refuses to accept her death, and the loss of the love of his life.
On December 2, Olsen ruptured his plantar fascia in the second quarter during a 24–17 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Aguirre is one of the best players from his country, having his debut for Uruguay, on 7 March 1995, in a 9-28 loss to Canada.
Billy Carl Irwin's 20-yard field goal gave the Rebels a 10–10 tie, sufficient to avoid embarrassment and give the Rebels an unbeaten 7–0–2 record, a 19-game streak without a loss, and the SEC championship.
During the first few years of independence, the national Defence Ministry built the basics for a functional defense system, in spite of difficulties of that time, which included hyperinflation, a transition from a Socialist to a Capitalist economic system and the loss of 60% of Ukraine's GDP.
Fears of higher taxes and a loss of the area's rural, close-knit feel were the main concerns raised by Union Valley residents.
Throughout the course of the war, the RICM endured the loss of 15000 Marsouins (killed or wounded) including 250 Officers.
With the Japanese trapped in the river valley, the Australians opened fire with four Vickers machine-guns, three Lewis guns and three Brens, inflicting between 50 and 60 casualties, including 12 killed, without loss.
He made his debut for Barnsley in a League Cup tie against Newcastle United in August 2007 coming on as a substitute for Martin Devaney during a 2–0 loss.
He was also accused of deceiving two people to sign a payment instruction to make a gain for himself or causing a loss to another, and with five counts of false accounting.
Cigno suffered the loss of 103 crewmen.
Following the loss of all four fleet carriers of the "Kido Butai" on 4 June, Yamamoto attempted to lure the American forces west to within range of the Japanese air groups at Wake Island, and into a night engagement with his surface forces, but the American forces withdrew and Mutsu saw no action.
As a junior in 1977, George Andrews made 84 tackles with eight for a loss, knocked down three passes, intercepted one pass and recovered one fumble.
The species is severely endangered, due to habitat loss from logging, and bush fires, predators such as foxes, and feral cats, and the nature of the isolation of the gecko's population, resulting in a lack of genetic variability.
Quantitative smell disorders are disorders in which there is complete or partial loss of olfaction.
The firm's papers, held by the Tamiment Library of New York University, describes it as follows:   The firm represented numerous labor unions, most notably the American Communications Association, and assisted clients in passport cases, loss of employment and other legal matters arising from the targeting of individuals in government security investigations.
Washington lost the advantage due to their upset home loss to Oregon State.
For example, in a dynamometer test by Hot Rod magazine, a Ford Mustang equipped with a modified 357ci small-block Ford V8 engine and an automatic transmission had a measured drivetrain power loss averaging 33%.
Older people with predominantly cognitive symptoms such as loss of memory, and vagueness, as well as prominent slowing of movement and reduced or slowed speech, were sometimes misdiagnosed as having dementia when further investigation showed they were suffering from a major depressive episode.
Marko Vučković (some sources spell as Vukovic) was an American soccer defender who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in a 1–0 loss to Poland on August 12, 1973.
According to the 2022 IPCC report Australia will lose billions of dollars due to loss of life, and physical damages.
Besides the loss of some of the most entertaining dances, his changes also obscured the relationships of the characters.
The loss of United Kingdom child benefit data was a data breach incident in October 2007, when two computer discs owned by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs containing data relating to child benefit went missing.
A lesson learned from the loss of espionage networks was to keep them small, subdividing them, with independent reporting to Center, when more agents were recruited.
Renner certainly meant business when he threw Alfonse for that six-yard loss."
Horvath earned his one cap with the national team in a 10–0 loss to England on 27 May 1964.
Turmoil continued, as, after a 5–4 overtime loss to the Devils on December 10 saw the Flyers blow a 4–1 lead, the decision was made to end the Chris Gratton experiment.
A tribute exhibit to the Apollo 1 Astronauts "Ad Astra Per Aspera - A Rough Road Leads to the Stars" opened on January 27, 2017, the 50th anniversary of the loss of the crew, at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex.
He followed that up with 27 carries for 127 rushing yards and two rushing touchdowns in the 29–23 loss to the San Diego Chargers.
Foster started the 2015 season injured and did not play until Week 4 against the Atlanta Falcons, where he had eight carries for ten yards and three receptions for 25 receiving yards in the 48–21 loss.
After being sidelined for a month due to his fitness concern, he made his return to the first team against Aldershot Town in the third round of the League Cup on 20 September 2011, coming on as a 71st-minute substitute, in a 2–1 loss.
On December 23, Battle scored a touchdown in his first NFL carry in a 25-20 loss to the Detroit Lions.
He is an active member of NETWORK, a national social justice lobby, and is the author of three other books, The Concept of Social Structure (1987), Landscapes of the Soul: The Loss of Moral Meaning in American Life (2001), and Transcendence: Critical Realism and God (2004).
Both sides won and loss many battles, but at the end, the conservative government was triumphant.
The loss of Damphousse hurt the Oilers offensively, as in 1992–93, they would score a franchise-low 242 goals.
Persons with IMA exhibit a loss of ability to carry out motor movements, and may show errors in how they hold and move the tool in attempting the correct function.
Repeated attempts to refloat the ship failed, and she proved to be a total loss.
They also criticized the slow-moving tachometer and the brief loss of power after high-rpm upshifts.
1845 − How Could the Very Appreciable Timber Shortage and Forest Loss in our Parts Szepesség (today Spiš, Slovakia) Be Most Effectively Remedied?
The exception is if the market declines significantly on low volatility so that the capital gain outweighs the volatility loss.
The survivors of The San Jacinto were rescued by the Austin on 31 October 1840 and the ship was declared a loss.
He scored one goal during the 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs, which came in the final game of Philadelphia's fourth game 5–1 loss to the Boston Bruins in the second round.
The reason for the loss of altitude that caused the crash was never determined.
The loss to the undefeated Colts dropped the 49ers to 1–4, heading into their bye week.
Michigan ended the season with a 21–14 loss to Ohio State.
They would gain a double benefit by paying a lower tax on capital gain income, but would be able to offset high-rate income by using the ordinary loss deduction.
On March 31, 2021, Collins sued SFUSD and the five Board of Education members who voted against her for $87 million, citing distress and significant loss in reputation and income.
He was inactive during the Patriots' Week 16 loss at the New York Jets after injuring his hip the previous week.
Writing about the loss of Ottoman lands like Salonica, Manastır, Üsküp and Prishtina he wrote:
Kansas fans also cite a 1999 NCAA subcommittee to defend KU's position, where the subcommittee stated, "forfeited contests do not count as a loss and that the game will stand as played on the field."
There remains controversy over the relationship between polar amplification in regards to sea-ice loss and latitudinal extremes.
Steele had 45 tackles for loss and 24 career quarterback sacks at Michigan, second most in team history at the time of his graduation.
Its purpose is to calculate, ab initio, dielectric and optical properties, like absorption, reflectivity, refraction index, electron and X-ray energy loss, for a large variety of systems, ranging from bulk systems, surfaces, to clusters or atoms.
Signs and symptoms may include weight loss, fever, malaise, cough, skin and mucosal lesions, diarrhea, and peripheral neuropathy.
However, the loss of about 400 horses to the Crow scouts was a blow as it placed an additional burden on their remaining and increasingly worn-out horses and slowed their flight toward Canada.
He then sat out the 47-28 1977 Bluebonnet Bowl loss to USC until the final minutes.
Malaysian Human Rights Commission to investigate the causes of the incident had further exacerbated the loss of confidence in the government.
William Connelly earned one cap with the U.S. national team in a 6-3 loss to England on June 8, 1953.
The book is filled with green smoothie recipes created for weight loss and health.
Defensive tackle Jared Odrick made a career-high six stops, with 2.5 tackles for loss, but his biggest play occurred with 4:39 remaining in the third quarter.
The Brazilian government initially attributed 38% of all forest loss between 1966 and 1975 to large-scale cattle ranching.
The Civic Trust went into administration in April 2009, following the loss of a government contract.
25 October -  The sloop Margaret, on a voyage from Bristol, Gloucestershire to Greenock, Renfrewshire, is wrecked near Holyhead, Anglesey, with the loss of all on board.
Cammie finds a familiar outfit and tries it on, finally grieving over the loss of her mother.
He made his debut on 23 August, scoring from Cicinho's assist in a 2–4 loss at Eskişehirspor.
The Germans reported the loss of 133 fighters, claiming 50 of the USAAFs bombers in return.
Although Schober had been mostly uninvolved in the events of July 15, the Social Democrats laid the blame for the loss of life squarely at his door.
Its 733d Bombardment Squadron completed 82 consecutive missions without a loss, a record for Eighth Air Force bomber units.
Yet he also believed that the Whig nominee was likely to lose in 1852, and feared that a loss would bring an end to his political career.
The loss was cited as a key reason the Nittany Lions failed to make the College Football Playoff.
Kansas' only loss was to Oklahoma, their co-champions in the Big 8; the Jayhawks, who were ranked higher and had a better overall record than the Sooners, were chosen for the conference's spot in the Orange Bowl.
The Council also deplored the loss of life and damage to property.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,912,000 in the US and Canada and $376,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $188,000.As a result of the disappointing results, MGM and the couple mutually agreed to cancel the deal, and Desilu did not produce another film until Yours, Mine, and Ours eleven years later.
On January 20, 2013, Flacco and the Ravens avenged the previous year's AFC Championship Game loss to the New England Patriots with a 28–13 win, securing their spot in the 2013 Super Bowl.
The Pan Africa Raptor Conservation Program is designed to help stem the loss of biodiversity in Africa.
The Wolverines narrowly missed a National Championship in 1964, in part due to a critical fumble by Detwiler into the end zone in the team's only defeat, a 21-20 loss to Purdue.
Thirty-three factories were eventually closed in 2012, with the loss of 1,752 jobs.
After missing out two matches, Boenisch played again on 15 February 2014, in a 2–1 loss against Schalke 04.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 1–1 for the 2nd straight year.
It was the only loss the 49ers suffered all season.
Ficken earned one cap with the U.S. national team in a 2–1 World Cup qualification loss to Mexico on September 10, 1972 in Los Angeles.
Theoretical loss is the amount of money a player is expected to lose based on the long run statistical advantage the casino has on the particular game being played.
The Houston Volunteers were a group of 1,000 men who volunteered for U.S. Navy service to avenge the loss of heavy cruiser  after the ship was sunk by the Imperial Japanese Navy on 1 March 1942 in the Battle of Sunda Strait.
With the loss of Aspley and the Young Guns, the Brisbane Broncos and North Queensland Cowboys formed new feeder club partnerships.
Another serious loss was a portable fuelling system and six  fuel tanks.
Furthermore, loss of GPR56 leads to reduced fertility in male mice, resulting from a defect in seminiferous tubule development.
On October 16, 2016, Jenkins recorded six combined tackles, two pass deflections, and returned an interception for a touchdown in the Eagles' 27–20 loss at the Washington Redskins in Week 6.
In a captive group, nuclear polyhedrosis virus (NPV) caused an 80% loss.
After suffering a knee injury, he made his return from injury on 5 May 2010, in a 2–1 loss against Cerezo Osaka, in what turns out to be his last league appearance for the club.
They avenge their humiliating 45–18 loss from last year.
Despite its previous loss, spread bettors favored Virginia Tech to win the game, with most favoring the Hokies by 4.5–5 points.
The first was an 80–74 loss to Baylor on February 6, 2008.
If the loss of a portfolio  follows generalized Student's t-distribution, the right-tail TVaR is equal to .
Her service to Lasirén puts Mer at odds with Makandal's method of obtaining freedom, and Mer's eventual possession by Lasirén at a key point in the story results in the failure of Makandal's revolution, the killing of Makandal, and the loss of Mer's tongue.
Loss carry back and carry forward mechanisms
The loss ended Koasicha's run of 4 straight wins and he suffered his first stoppage defeat.
After his death in 1984, other physicians and naturopaths took up prescribing "intravenous micro-nutrient therapy" with unsubstantiated health claims for treating fatigue, low energy, stress, anxiety, migraine, depression, immunocompromised, promoting weight loss and more.
If glutamine (Q), which occupies the 58th position in the sequence of aminoacids is substituted by alanine (A) a loss in the acetyltransferase activity will be produced.
For the first three years of its existence the Tangomarkkinat was plagued by bad weather, and in 1988 it made a loss of 100,000 marks, exacerbated by the lack of success of the Olavi Virta musical, which premiered that year.
During the season, due to the team's struggles there were calls from the media and fans for longtime head coach Chuck Noll to step down, particularly after an embarrassing loss to the eventual AFC champions Cincinnati Bengals 42-7.
Restrictive dermopathy (RD) is caused either by the loss of the gene ZMPSTE24, which encodes a protein responsible for the cleavage of farnesylated prelamin A into mature non-farnesylated lamin, or by a mutation in the LMNA gene.
At the hotel, the sick feeling in Avey's stomach returns, and Avey spends her last moments of consciousness painfully reminiscing about her relationship with her late husband, Jerome "Jay" Johnson, and for the first time in four years, she mourns his loss.
Since the interaction of low energy electrons is mainly in the surface, the loss is due to surface phonon scattering, which have an energy range of 10−3 eV to 1 eV.
His visit to the west coast of the United States in 1922 was a diplomatic success, and he was appointed admiral in that year; however, Raleigh ran aground in fog off the coast of Labrador and was a loss.
This was followed by another first round loss at Roland Garros to Viktor Troicki, this time in five sets.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his condolence in a tweet saying: "The demise of Swami Atmasthananda ji is a personal loss for me.
He started all 13 games at right defensive end, tallying 83 tackles (third on the team), 5.5 sacks, 14.5 tackles for loss, 9 quarterback hurries, one pass defensed, 4 forced fumbles and 2 fumble recoveries.
Local governments in coastal cities have lowered loss of output due to unreliable power supply to 1.0% and customs clearance time for imports has been lowered in Chinese cities to 3.3 days.
When it was finally ended without loss of life, the riot had lasted for almost 11 hours.
After receiving insurance proceeds, the taxpayer will have a personal casualty gain of $130,000 and a personal casualty loss of $100,000 for a net personal casualty gain of $30,000.
This new relationship helps Amanda heal from the loss of her husband and causes Jack to realize that life isn't as fulfilling when alone.
Three-phase current with a minimal loss of 25% would be transmitted at high voltage from Lauffen am Neckar to Frankfurt.
Despite the loss of Weight, the Oilers got off to a great start, and on December 16, they sat at the top of the Northwest Division with 43 points.
Following a loss to Notre Dame in the tournament's first round, Prosser accepted the position of head coach at Wake Forest.
The affair not only put a severe strain on the relationship between the imperial state of Alsace-Lorraine and the remainder of the German Empire, but also led to a considerable loss of prestige of the Kaiser.
ABC took a 6-day option on the time of the Mississippi State gametime and with the loss relegated Tech's home game to a 12:00 pm EST time slot the following week.
Terry Donahue remarked that the loss of Steve Smith was a contributing factor.
This included a 24-7 loss to the Redskins during Washington's most recent championship season.
Thus was our young colony destroyed, causing us serious loss.
Many scholars have found that the confirmation and disconfirmation of the expected victory or loss has a significant effect on BIRGing and CORFing.
For the Union's part, at considerable loss, they saved Charles Town from being sacked and burned and turned back Imboden's raid, which if had been allowed to continue may have had a larger strategic impact on the campaign in central Virginia.
Up until Hedley Byrne was decided, pure economic loss was thought to be entirely within the realm of contract law.
On 28 March one of the troopships carrying the division back to Italy, the SS Galilea, was torpedoed and sunk by a submarine with the loss of 600 men from the Battalion "Gemona".
Ruoff scored 12 points in a 79-71 loss to Connecticut.
The failed venture had put enormous strain on the WCTU, not only because of the financial loss but because of disputes over the mission of the union.
Minnesota concluded its season on November 24, 1923, with a 10–0 loss to Michigan.
This loss prevented Shakhtar from winning the treble for the second year in a row, although they did manage to recapture the Ukrainian Premier League title and the Ukrainian Cup.
"The national search and rescue (SAR) objective is to prevent loss of life and injury through search and rescue alerting, responding and aiding activities using public and private resources."
However, the team would lose both of their final games, closing out with a 31–14 loss to the Los Angeles Rams and at 8–7–1 finished in a first-place tie with Minnesota.
On 11 March 2011, Stanhope addressed the crew of HMS Ark Royal for the final time, lamenting the loss of carrier strike capability, commenting that "the decision to gap the United Kingdom’s Carrier Strike capability was not one taken lightly, or easily."
On November 19, he recorded 17 points and a then season-high 20 rebounds in a 98–88 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.
The story takes place in the year 2037, after the loss of the ozone layer has left most of the planet a desolate wasteland scattered with highly radioactive "Death Zones", except for several areas that still flourish.
This decrease in patient census was compounded by the loss of patients due to the development of mood stabilizing drugs.
For each player, there is also a 1-Pound Pass, which adds one pound to his or her weight loss at weigh in.
In 2005–06, the Oilers qualified for the playoffs in eighth place, and put on a playoff run that brought them to the Stanley Cup Final finishing with a loss in Game 7 to the victorious Carolina Hurricanes by a score of 3–1.
These did not happen often, but they were very dangerous when they did, and generally resulted in severe casualties among the crew and passengers and the complete loss of the boat.
Males with congenital 5α-reductase type 2 deficiency (but functional 5α-reductase type 1) never develop male-pattern hair loss.
This may be because androgen levels are much lower in women, in whom they may not play as important of a role in scalp hair loss.
At a loss as to how to solve this predicament, she witnessed the decapitation of a woman sentenced for infanticide, and the solution became clear to her.
He scored his first goal for the Hoops on 3 December 1980 in a Leinster Senior Cup semi final loss to UCD.
According to MGM records the film earned $907,000 in the US and Canada and $528,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $325,000.
The balance between the GTP bound (active) and GDP bound (inactive) states is regulated by the opposite action of proteins activating the GTPase activity and that of proteins which promote the loss of bound GDP and the uptake of fresh GTP.
Some estimates put the loss of life at fewer than 500, but they were largely based on families reporting their members missing.
The opera owner could have withheld some payment to reflect his loss from the breach, but should have let the show go on.
On 17 October 2015, in the 8th day of 2015–16 Serie B season he made his debut as a substitute in an away 3–0 loss from Ternana Calcio.
In order to minimize the expected loss function, we would increase (decrease) L(q) if q is smaller (larger) than the median, until q reaches the median.
While gap junctions in the inner ear are critically involved in potassium recycling to the endolymph, connexin expression in the supporting cells surrounding the organ of Corti have been found to support epithelial tissue lesion repair following loss of sensory hair cells.
California, with 24 recommendations for closure or realignment, has had the largest decline in defense spending, which attributes to a loss of roughly $50 billion, given the population increase since the early 1980s.
The grounding of MV Braer in January 1993 in Shetland led to the loss of 84,700 tons of light crude oil.
In part due to that loss, he was dismissed at odds of 28-1 in the Breeders' Cup Turf, held that year at Lone Star Park on October 30.
The potential loss of visibility in a given area is regarded as a differentiating factor between recreational and technical level overhead environment dives.
He was fired on November 29, 2021, following a four overtime loss to Alabama.
The Nevada loss marked the first time the Wolf Pack had been shut out since 1980, a 330-game streak that was the longest such streak in the NCAA at that time.
He has been with the club when it won the Armenian Cup and reached the second place in Armenian Premier League, after a loss in the championship play-off match against Pyunik.
Normally, a loss to the division-rival Hurricanes would have knocked the Hokies out of contention for the ACC Championship Game, as Miami had the tie-breaking head-to-head victory and was expected to win the remainder of their games.
Mutations in ABCA4 gene are known to cause the autosomal-recessive disease Stargardt macular dystrophy (STGD), which is a hereditary juvenile macular degeneration disease causing progressive loss of photoreceptor cells.
Tennessee finished at 11–2; this was the last loss by the Volunteers until September 18, 1999.
Its expression and that of p53 are strongly correlated, and the loss of expression of these two proteins is associated with poor survival for prostate cancer patients.
The Orange Bowl Committee, which had the fourth and sixth selections of eligible Bowl Alliance teams, selected Big East champions Virginia Tech and Nebraska, an at-large selection that appeared to be a national championship game contender before its loss to Texas in the inaugural Big 12 Championship Game.
Druckenmiller then completed a 24-yard pass to Oxendine, but the play was negated by a holding penalty against Virginia Tech, effectively resulting in a loss of 34 yards and pushing the Hokies back to their 33-yard line.
Loss of function in neurological disease
Wake Forest recovered from its second loss of the season to earn a 38-24 victory against Maryland—its first since 1998—clinching the Atlantic Division championship and earning a bid to the ACC Championship Game.
He also tied for third on the team in tackles for loss (nine), had two interceptions, two sacks, and was named a second-team All-SEC selection.
When the bulk of the Mongol forces returned in 1262, they were never able to avenge the loss.
The game was New England's first overtime loss since the 2000 season against the Bills, while the win was the fourth in seven career meetings against the Patriots (his first win in his second meeting as Jets quarterback) by Favre.
Florida State capped off this Orange Bowl with their 11th straight bowl game without a loss.
In 2008, Crown attempted to enter the Las Vegas gambling market by acquiring a 19.6 per cent stake in Fontainebleau Resorts for US$250 million, which resulted in a total loss the following year when other investors withdrew US$800 million financing, resulting in bankruptcy applications.
As a needle is advanced through the ligamentum flavum, to the epidural space, with constant pressure applied to the piston of a syringe, loss of resistance occurs once the needle enters the epidural space due to the change in pressure.
  is either  if heat loss calculation will use  for area calculation or  if it will use .
her inability to keep up a coherent conversation and a loss of logic.
Similar to the case of Mi-I this mutation results in a loss of the glycosylation at the asparagine26 residue.
This gene is located in a six-cadherin cluster in a region on the long arm of chromosome 16 that is involved in loss of heterozygosity events in breast and prostate cancer.
 Jodie Markell – The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond
Loss of FANCG causes neural progenitor apoptosis during forebrain development, likely related to defective DNA repair.
(A subsequent court martial exonerated Rolland of the loss of his vessel.)
His force of 558 troops attacked and burned their principal settlement together with provisions and stores, killed their cattle, and took 32 prisoners without a loss of a single man.
Urinalysis conducted after his loss to Anderson Silva showed Sonnen had an unallowably high testosterone/epitestosterone (T/E) ratio of 16.9:1 at the time of the fight.
Mohr-Tranebjaerg syndrome is a recessive, X-linked neurodegenerative syndrome characterized by early-onset deafness followed by progressive dystonia in adulthood, progressive sensorineural hearing loss, mental retardation, dysphagia, paranoia, and optic atrophy.
Loss of Tbx1 and Tfap2 can result in proliferation and apoptosis in the palate cells increasing the risk of CLP.
Genome instability can refer to the accumulation of extra copies of DNA/chromosomes, chromosomal translocations, chromosomal inversion, chromosome deletions, single stranded breaks in DNA, double stranded breaks in DNA, the intercalation of foreign substances into the DNA double helix, or any abnormal changes in DNA tertiary structure that can cause either the loss of DNA, or the misexpression of genes.
Treatment of the loss of autoregulation of the brain's blood vessels may be difficult or impossible.
After the loss, Valencia was released from the promotion.
The low point for the Steelers's season was probably their Week 3 loss to the Browns.
Loss Of Cover – Net percentage change in natural vegetation cover over the last five years
In these mice, certain dendritic features of hippocampal neurons were also affected by Cul4b loss, which may explain the observed increases in epileptic susceptibility and spatial learning defects.
The following week, he also, went 1–1 in a 21–17 loss to Arizona.
It has been hypothesised that, in an alternate type of mutation, positive selection for increased expression of the FGF5 protein was one of the contributing factors in the evolutionary loss of hair in cetaceans as they transitioned from the terrestrial to the aquatic environment.
These changes result in the degeneration of neurons, leading to a loss of synaptic connections and neurotransmitter signaling.
 UDP: When used for testing UDP capacity, iperf allows the user to specify the datagram size and provides results for the datagram throughput and the packet loss.
Finished 8th and received £7 in prize money in spite of complete loss of gear lever (Chorlton shifted ratios using thumb and fingers!
The pioneers lost in the first round of the WCHA tournament each of the next two years but their record in 2004 was good enough to get them a #2 seed despite the loss.
Features of Stickler syndrome type II include: sensorineural hearing loss, facial features (flat facial profile, anteverted nares, micrognathia), cleft palate, visual disturbances (type 2 vitreous anomaly, childhood-onset myopia, glaucoma, cataracts and retinal detachment), spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, and arthropathy.
Surgery: Cardiothoracic, Minimally Invasive, Neurosurgery, Ophthalmology, Orthopaedic, Podiatry, Urology, Vascular, Weight Loss
This protein is highly conserved from yeast to human and can functionally complement the loss of the yeast homolog in the yeast secretory pathway.
AOA2 cells show senataxin loss of function and abnormally high R-loop levels.
During the game, Keenum threw for 158 yards and a touchdown and rushed for another touchdown during the 41–35 overtime loss.
Luan won the All England Open Badminton Championships in men's singles in 1983, reversing a loss to Morten Frost in the 1982 final.
They clinched their 26th ACC regular season title by avenging their earlier loss to Duke in the last game of the season.
In mice lacking all three muscle ankyrin repeat proteins (MARPs), ARPP, CARP, and DARP), skeletal muscles tended towards a more slower fiber type distribution, with longer resting sarcomere length, decreased fiber stiffness, expression of a longer titin isoform, greater degree of torque loss following eccentric contraction-related injury, and enhanced expression of MyoD and MLP.
In March 2008, Šišić made his first and only appearance in the UEFA Champions League, coming on as a substitute in a 3–0 loss to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the first knockout stage of the competition.
Meanwhile, at the Horde camp, Qurong was angered at the loss of the assassins.
The magnitude of the loss appeared to galvanise the players and from that point onwards, they remained unbeaten for the remainder of the season.
Defensive lineman Sutton Smith set a Huskie record for sacks (14), and led the nation in tackles for loss (29.5) and quarterback pressures (87).
Bai tries to win Luohua over, but she is uninterested, only concerned with lamenting the loss of Hu.
Even though they were the champions, they only made one appearance on WWE programming during the month of May: a loss to The Viking Raiders (Erik and Ivar) on the May 6 episode of Raw.
The loss is Brooklyn's sixth in seven games and drops the Dodgers two games behind the Cardinals.
Genes that are located in the regions of chromosomal loss include MAP2K4, LLGL1, FBLN1, ELAC2, ALDH3A2, ALDH3A1, SHMT1, ARSA, WNT7B, TNFRSF13B, UPK3A, TYMP, RASD1, PEMT and TOP3A.
The boat party took her without loss even though she was perfectly prepared and expecting to be attacked, given that Meleager had chased her.
In the 2010s, NASCAR began refocusing on road courses, with the Xfinity Series competing at Road America beginning in 2010 and Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course in 2013 due to the loss of fellow road course Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.
Although EXALIN performed full dynamic programming by default, it could optionally utilize the output from WU-BLAST to seed the dynamic programming and speed up the process by about 100-fold with little loss of sensitivity or accuracy.
Sproles was tackled for a 2-yard loss on the next play, but after that he ran 22 yards for a game-winning touchdown to win the game for San Diego.
Páez was included in Lison's 18-man squad for their 2007–08 UEFA Champions League 2–1 group stage match away loss fixture against Manchester United on 27 November 2007.
The cerebellar vermis may present with mild atrophy and a loss of white matter volume.
Depletion of HNRNPR from primary motoneurons inhibits axonal development, but it does not lead to enhanced loss of motor neurons.
Methylation of BCl11A has been hypothesized to contribute to type-2 diabetes risk, while BCL11a loss in a human islet model was demonstrated to result in an increase in insulin secretion.
Recently ZIC2 has also been shown to be critical for establishment of the left-right axis, thus loss of ZIC2 function can result in defects in heart formation.
The DAD1 protein disappeared in temperature-sensitive cells following a shift to the nonpermissive temperature, suggesting that loss of the DAD1 protein triggered apoptosis.
SIL1 expression at a single-cell level has also been determined in a number of tissues, which does not strictly correlate with the secretory capacity of the cell, and tissues displaying the highest relative levels of SIL1 are not necessarily those most affected by loss of its function.
On the next play, Vick was sacked for a seven-yard loss, but recovered the lost ground by running for 22 yards on the next play.
North Queensland's Luke O'Donnell is also sent off in the Cowboys loss to Penrith in golden point extra time.
The Barisan Nasional, despite its largest loss of seats in forty years, maintained a majority in the Parliament of Malaysia.
The loss of Alfred had a profound impact on the young Gulbranssen, to which he gave expression through compiling a memorial album containing all of the photographs taken of his brother.
In the 48–7 loss to West Virginia, Johnson rushed for 76 yards on 14 carries and also scored ECU's only touchdown of the game.
Gothenburg Crescent in Stuart Park was named after the ill-fated , which left Darwin in February 1875 and sank a few days later off the North Queensland coast with the loss of approximately 102 lives.
Loss to former heavyweight champion Jess Willard before huge audience, May 1923
After opening with dominant wins over the Jets and Buffalo, the Colts were crushed twice in three games by the Patriots to go with a loss to Oakland.
We express our solidarity with the people of Pakistan at this moment of loss."
The review found potential negative aspects of pet ownership, such as the significant distress associated with the loss of a pet.
Her family owned "the great New York mercantile house of N. L. & G. Griswold, known to their rivals as "No Loss and Great Gain Griswold," importers of rum, sugar, and tea."
The report expressed fear about the loss of white racial pride, and in particular pointed to the danger that the poor white would not be able to resist the process of "Bantu-isation."
On December 14, 2010, he was signed by the Washington Redskins to replace Hunter Smith, who was cut after letting the snap on a critical extra point attempt go through his hands in a 16-17 loss against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The loss of population, and thus customers, began the decline of Story's commercial prosperity.
Hoping to rebound from their tough road loss to the Patriots, the Chiefs hosted their AFC West rival, the Oakland Raiders.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 2–11.
After being deported, Di Stefano migrated to Yugoslavia in fear of what the bank could make to him after causing such a loss of money.
MacCarthy said that the deeper element that people miss lies in the fact 'Ride On' tells a tale of two people going separate paths because one doesn’t believe in bloodshed, and them being lovers adds an extra layer of loss.
They won the silver after a loss to the two-time defending gold medalists from Hungary.
Loss of farmland to forests is thought to have reduced the population since the 1930s, when New England cottontails were still thought to outnumber eastern cottontails.
This angle was written after WWE's official website confirmed that Jericho signed a short-term contract extension to stay with the company after his long-term contract expired, which presumably ended after his loss to Cena.
Hoping to rebound from their last-second road loss to the Redskins, the Browns flew to Jacksonville Municipal Stadium for a Week 8 duel with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
This also marked the Browns' eleventh straight loss to the Steelers.
First, the private biometrics encryption is a one-way encryption, so loss of privacy by decryption is mathematically impossible and privacy is therefore guaranteed.
The loss rate is about 1 nitrogen molecules per second, which equals about 0.3 kg/s.
His third goal of the season came on 18 December 2017, in a 3–1 loss against Everton.
After the Miners opened their season with a loss to the Buffalo Bulls 42–17, Miners coach Mike Price said of the upcoming game against the Longhorns, "Man, I hope they're not as good as Buffalo."
The Aggies suffered their worst home loss in school history.
On the first play of the Jets' possession, Favre was sacked for a loss of five yards; an incomplete pass set up a 3rd-and-15 from the Jets' 15-yard line.
Loss of a trophy
In rats, sleep deprivation causes weight loss and reduced body temperature.
Scored 23 (season high), on 8–11 shooting, in a loss at #4 North Carolina.
It authorized ten prisoner of war and civilian internee compensation programs, and four war damage and loss compensation programs.
The demise of these fisheries was probably due more to habitat loss than overharvesting.
He was at the helm for four games in 1924, winning two and losing two, and for two games in 1928, finishing with one loss and one tie.
This loss leaves an unfathomable lack in the one who remains, which invests the world of dreams to regain the lost happiness.
Following the loss of Brazil and the erosion of its influence in the Americas during the early nineteenth century, Portugal increasingly refocused on the consolidation of its African colonies.
However, in the event of an Alabama loss, Utah, Ball State and Boise State had no chance at a title game berth because their schedules were deemed too weak, once again igniting a controversy about schedule strength.
Hoping to rebound from an upsetting home loss to the Steelers, the Ravens flew to Texas Stadium for a Week 16 interconference duel with the Dallas Cowboys.
After an injury to starter Thad Lewis, Johnson played for one snap in a Week 17 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
His club began the 2015-16 Oman Professional League campaign on a disappointing note as they faced a 3-1 loss at home against defending champions and his former club, Al-Oruba SC at the Al-Saada Stadium.
Mindful of the loss of morale on Belgica, Amundsen provided for leisure time with a library of around 3,000 books, a gramophone, a large quantity of records and a range of musical instruments.
The most common genetic mutation (found in 80-90% of epithelioid sarcomas) is the inactivation of the SMARCB1 gene, or the loss of INI-1 function, which is thought to be a major contributor to disease progression.
Empirical models relate management and environmental factors directly to soil loss and/or sedimentary yields through statistical relationships.
Cataplexy is a sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by emotions, which is the most valuable clinical feature used to diagnose narcolepsy.
He dies while over-using his powers to save 30 people who should have died from their wounds; after the loss of their savior, Van steps in as healer.
Recorded 32 tackles, 1.5 tackles for a loss, five pass deflections and four interceptions.
In the Divisional Round, Forte recorded 80 yards rushing and 54 yards receiving in a victory over the Seattle Seahawks, and became the only player in Bears post-season history with at least ten receptions in the 21–14 loss to the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship.
This plant, beyond its native range, causes problems in many ways, including displacement of native species causing ecosystem degradation and loss, removing native plant food sources for wildlife, and a susceptibility to wildfire ignition and spread.
After serving a two match suspension, his league debut finally came on 1 September 2012, in a 3–0 loss against Exeter City.
Loss is a story about a Priest (starring Andrius Mamontovas) in Ireland who meets a woman Valda (starring Valda Bičkutė) from his native Lithuania only to find out her mysterious identity is closely connected with a darkest secret of his past.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 5–6.
In 2005, he played in and had 14 tackles, three tackles for loss, three sacks and three pass breakups.
That year, he recorded over 120 tackles, 23 tackles for loss and 10 sacks and also had three interceptions.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against the Gators to 20–14 (21–14 without the NCAA vacation of the 2005 victory).
The loss of this feature in the successor species of Ardipithecus ramidus has been used for the allocation of discoveries in that line of development of great apes that led to the australopithecines and the genus Homo.
This would be Young's first televised loss since debuting on ECW, although he was still undefeated in singles competition.
In 1983, he lost $70,000 trading Federal Reserve Notes (FRN) but concealed this loss to protect his reputation and job.
In residue 321, the change of aspartic acid (D) to Asparagine (N) reveals as loss of proteolytic cleavage by caspases.
This new diversity has been observed to increase the invasiveness of the tumor, yielding proliferation into more areas of the brain than before the loss of ZNF238.
This disorganization caused by the loss of Mist1 leads to increased susceptibility toward pancreatic damage and potentially pancreatic cancer.
Inhibitors of PARP1 likely impede alternative DNA repair responses that might otherwise compensate for loss of the RAD54B pathway in cancer cells.
In the first possession of the second half, the Terrapins were forced to punt after a run attempt for loss, a false start penalty, and two incomplete passes.
Experimental CMAH loss in mice increases running endurance and decreases muscle fatigue, which could have been beneficial to ancestral Homo during the gene's fixation.
He is outspoken about the loss of their transportation reporter when The Sun is beaten to a story about city bus cutbacks by the Daily Record.
Their first attempt ended on downs and then in their final fateful drive it ended with an interception by Eddie Brown to seal the Redskins win and with that loss The Cardinals we're out of the playoff picture.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2–2.
This resulted in loss of U'wa lands as well as other settlement enclaves within the park.
The following month, on July 24, 2007, he competed in a handicap match for Extreme Championship Wrestling, teaming with Jimmy Cruz in a loss to Big Daddy V. Ceron was billed as Victor Calvio for the match.
The committee was dissolved by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu due to disagreements between coalition parties, yet Plesner publicized the recommendations which included aggressive draft goals, as well as criminal charges, fines, or loss of benefits for draft dodgers under the plan.
Romania achieved a bonus point at the 18-24 loss to Italy and a 14-10 win over Portugal.
Raitt played three internationals for Australia, his one full A-international coming in a loss to Canada in 1924 at the age of 35.
According to the last set of accounts filed with the Registry of Companies for 2006, the company running it reported a loss of more than €500,000.
The final score was 0–1 at the end of 2OT resulting in a Liberty loss.
They are opinions regarding estimated loss based on forward-looking measurements that assess an issuer’s ability and willingness to make payments on outstanding obligations (whether principal, interest, dividend, or distributions) with respect to the terms of an obligation."
A severe drought and resulting famine from 1895 to 1900 during the reign of Maharawal Shalivahan Singh only made matters worse by causing widespread loss of the livestock that the increasingly agriculturally based kingdom relied upon.
The island of Diviseema, which was hit by a seven-metre-high () storm surge, experienced a loss of life running into the thousands.
In the 2009–10 season, he managed to confirm Cagliari's high footballing levels despite the loss of regular striker Robert Acquafresca, leading an impressive number of three players from his side—namely Davide Biondini, Federico Marchetti, and Andrea Cossu—to receive Italian national team call-ups during his reign at the club.
This tactic seemed to be working for a large part of the season, as Power held off major challengers Perth, including a memorable 6–0 hiding, Glory's worst-ever loss.
In the ALCS against the Toronto Blue Jays, Cueto took the loss in game 3 after giving up eight earned runs in two innings as the Royals' series lead shrunk from 2 games to 1.
With the construction of the Berlin Wall in 1961 the clubs in West Berlin suffered a substantial loss of revenue because they were cut off from supporters in the Eastern part of the city, causing the Oberliga clubs to suffer financially.
He started all 13 games at right cornerback, recording 19 solo out 24 tackles with a league-high fifteen pass deflections and one interception for a 2-yard loss.
 Home Loss Payments (Prescribed Amounts) (England) Regulations 2008 (S.I.
One way to decrease loss from sputtering is for the moon to have a strong magnetic field of its own that can deflect stellar wind and radiation belts.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 4–7.
Biologist Susan Riechert found that these spiders often engage in fights over their territory and studied whether these fights were worth the potential risks of injury, predation, or loss of time.
It wasn't until on 11 September 2011 when he made his return from injury,  coming on as a 63rd-minute substitute, in the opening game of the season, in a 2–0 loss against Udinese.
He retired with a record of 11 wins and 1 sole loss, during his short 4-year professional career.
Boutonnat said in an interview: "When listening well, we see that lyrics talk about death, childhood and the loss of virginity.
The song may also lament the loss of a loved one (particularly a fair woman).
"Language loss and destandardization in the Late Middle Ages and Early Modern Times".
In January 1981, after another stint with Jaén, Flores signed for Linares CF in Segunda División, but suffered a car accident which nearly cost him the loss of one eye shortly after, leaving the club at the end of his second season, aged 29.
A week before free agency started, the Bears opted to extend Alex Brown's contract, who recorded three sacks, two tackles for loss, one interception, five pass breakups, two forced fumbles, and one fumble recovery after reclaiming his starting job.
With the loss, the Bears' season ended at 9–7.
Adapted from Phillip Caputo’s best-selling memoirs, the award-winning film examines the tragic loss of innocence when a young Marine lieutenant is brought up on charges for giving an order, which led to the death of several Vietnamese civilians.
The introduction and the spread of the red fox (Vulpes vulpes), cat (Felis catus) and the European rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus) have seen severe biodiversity loss (Wallach et al., 2009).
Return and costs in the loss and profit statement are typical examples of a nominal price.
This was followed up by a controversial European Cup semi final loss to Juventus during the 1972–73 season.
On the stoop outside the brewery, Jimmy consoles Elmer on the loss of his nest egg.
The study discovered that 81 percent of those surveyed experienced workplace conflict with other departments, groups, teams, or co-workers which resulted in loss of productivity.
After the loss Brenneman was released from the promotion.
In a 6–0 loss at Dynamo Kyiv in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League on 6 December, he began to cry after conceding the fourth goal of the first half.
Chicago not only avoided a shutout, but handed Michigan a 2–0 loss.
 Sep 25th vs. Trident, Lost 14–8; Reserves vs. Palm Beach, Lost 14-11 - first loss to Trident
Preventions of the insertion may occur due to UQCRFS1-derived fragments, leading to a loss of Complex III structure and function.
After appearing twice in the closing stages of 1987–88 he quickly imposed himself as a first-choice player with good free kick skills, scoring 35 La Liga goals over nine seasons; on 12 March 1988, two weeks after his 19th birthday, he made his official debut, starting in a 0–5 away loss against Real Madrid.
It has experienced a greater amount of habitat loss than other crayfish species have in Mexico, leading to a decline in its populations and the IUCN Red List to deem it as an endangered species.
1st Lt. Lawley remained at his post, refusing first aid until he collapsed from sheer exhaustion caused by loss of blood, shock, and the energy he had expended in keeping control of his plane.
Qualified to play for the Guinea senior team through his mother he made his debut on 14 October 2007, in a 1–3 friendly loss against Senegal.
Upon their return to New York City, George learns that his loss of vision is temporary.
The Tiger Kings were ecstatic as they celebrate the loss of the opposing team's captain Rafik Bakkouri, while John Wayne Parr had his nose stitched.
González initially passed the exams after his knockout loss to Rungvisai in September 2017.
"Las Vegas Charley" observes the generational gap from the perspective of an Issei man and is especially sympathetic to the loss of language and cultural traditions.
Robinson played for the Sydney Roosters from the interchange bench in their 2004 NRL grand final loss to cross-city rivals, Canterbury-Bankstown.
Having won the 1999 Championship, St. Helens contested in the 2000 World Club Challenge against National Rugby League Premiers the Melbourne Storm, with O'Neill playing at prop forward in the loss.
On January 8, 2017, Carroll tied a career high with 26 points and set a career high with six three-pointers on 10 attempts in a 129–122 loss to the Houston Rockets.
Her second and last appearance at the WCWS included a 13-inning loss to eventual champs the Arizona Wildcats on May 23.
CEAS helps businesses mitigate damage and loss resulting by allowing them rapid access to restricted areas.
(It is said that the loss of power prevented the tornado siren from being activated prior to its arrival; in actuality, the town did not have a tornado siren that differed from the siren used to activate the town's volunteer fire and EMT squad.
On June, 15 he hit the 48th "Splash Hit" home run at AT&T Park, against John Lackey in a 9–7 loss to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
In January 2006, WightCable North was sold by CLS Holdings, at a loss of £2.1 million, to Netfonics.
The Chief of Defence Procurement, Dr M McIntosh, admitted to the Committee of Public Accounts, referenced in the proceedings of the Committee of Public Accounts, Forty Sixth Report, dated 1 November 1995, that the MoD had not sustained any loss through the actions of Gordon Foxley, but rather that “ the Department had in their view done well”.
Belvedere had to accept the loss of territory of all of the north part of the Gordolasque valley from the Cascade du ray between the Cime de la Valette and the Celle du south Capelet.
On 27 September, he scored a hat-trick against Granada in a 6–0 win and scored in his next three La Liga matches, including the opening goal in a 1–3 loss to Real Madrid at Estadio Santiago Bernabéu.
Despite her loss in the Beldame Stakes, trainer Bobby Frankel convinced Stronach to pay the $180,000 supplemental fee in order for her to run in late October's Breeders' Cup Distaff at Monmouth Park.
Stigmadiscus is characterised by an inflated posterior part of the glabella, the loss of anterolateral cephalic spines and a preoccipital glabellar node, and in having a very narrow cephalic border.
The sympathetic population gives them burials and provides a chance for their comrades to meet and mourn their loss.
On December 20, 2009, in Week 15, Nelson had four receptions for a season-high 71 yards in the 37–36 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
After recording 53 yards combined in his first two games with the Raiders, Nelson had six receptions for a season-high 173 receiving yards and a touchdown in a Week 3 28–20 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
On the first play after the penalty, Davis was sacked for a loss of two yards.
Long-term care (LTC) insurance reimburses the policyholder for the cost of long-term or custodial care services designed to minimize or compensate for the loss of functioning due to age, disability or chronic illness.
Means was stopped for a loss on 4th and 1 from the 37, and Humphries threw an interception on 2nd and 9 from the 43 with 2:29 on the clock.
The Chargers lost a fourteen-point lead en route to their second overtime loss of the season.
Merling had had 10 tackles for loss, second-most on the team behind Gaines Adams.
With the loss, the Seahawks began their season at 0–1.
With the loss, the Seahawks' season ended at 4–12.
Such was Middlecoat's renown as a fighter pilot, leader and teacher that King Hussein of Jordan, a keen pilot, wrote to Middlecoat's widow, Jeanne, stating that his death was a personal loss.
She fell into a deep depression following the loss of her powers, going through several jobs before joining the New Warriors.
Established by Regulation (EC) 1406/2002, the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) is charged with reducing the risk of maritime accidents, marine pollution from ships and the loss of human lives at sea by helping to enforce the pertinent EU legislation.
This can happen either due to technical failure or from avoidance and loss of interest from the participants.
After drawing only one running play in Colorado's 2009 season opening loss to Colorado State, Scott told The Denver Post that he wanted more carries.
He pitched three perfect innings, striking out two on July 25 in a 13-innings, 2-1 loss to the Cincinnati Reds.
VPI's sole loss came in the first game of the season against Tulane, and the team had a 13–13 tie against West Virginia.
San Diego had been bolstered by a Denver loss earlier in the day - they were now one game back of both the Broncos and the Chiefs.
New York then drove to a 3rd and 1 at the Charger 2, but Don Goode stopped John Riggins for the loss of a yard, forcing the Jets to settle for a short field goal.
Common side effects include low blood cell counts, fever, nausea, diarrhea, loss of appetite, cough, and rash.
Following the revelation that the crucial evidence against him had been faked, Thomas was pardoned and awarded NZ$950,000 in compensation for his 9 years in prison and loss of earnings.
This caused HVB to make a NOK 5,000 loss that year.
Showing big power he beat 16 of his first 17 opponents, the loss was on points to an undefeated Italian.
The Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB) investigated the accident and concluded that the Curtiss C-46 Commando aircraft had been overloaded by  above its maximum certificated gross takeoff weight of  and that there was a partial power loss in the left engine prior to the crash.
He was found to be solely responsible for the record loss suffered by Société Générale in early 2008, and was sentenced to five years in prison, with two of those years suspended, and ordered to pay damages of €4.9 billion to the Bank.
August 29 – St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Lou Brock steals two bases in a 4–3 loss to the San Diego Padres.
Finally, he quickly mentions spontaneous magnetization and the loss of verticity.
FBXO31-mediated loss of MDM2 leads to elevated levels of p53, resulting in growth arrest.
Despite this, however, Sporting posted a loss of more than €75,000 in 2009.
The work was all completed (by contractors Kier East) at night to avoid disruption to shoppers and loss of sales to the shops, and finished two months ahead of schedule in September 2007.
The stakes were high for both teams - San Diego were looking to maintain their one-game lead over Oakland, while Houston would be eliminated from the AFL East race with a loss.
Similarly, humans with homozygous splice variants in CD79A predicted to result in loss of the transmembrane region and a truncated or absent protein display agammaglobulinemia and no peripheral B cells.
TNFR2 plays a significant role in tumor cell growth as it has been found that the loss of TNFR2 expression is linked with increased death of associated tumor cells and a significant standstill of further growth.
Personalized rehabilitation programs are designed considering the patient's surgery type, location repaired (medial or lateral), simultaneous knee injuries, type of meniscal tear, age of patient, condition of the knee, loss of strength and ROM, and the expectations and motivations of the patient.
Wind shear has a significant effect on the control of aircraft during take-off and landing, and was a significant cause of aircraft accidents involving large loss of life within the United States.
Ties were treated as half a win and half a loss (22.5 for a tie with a strong team, 15 for a tie with a weak team).
"The untimely death of Miss Rosa Bassett is a severe loss, not only to London Education, but to teachers in all parts of the world, to whom her advice and aid were given without stint.
The loss of Ark Royal proved the end of Sam's shipborne career.
They followed three games later with a loss to #9 Kentucky, as they were ranked #7.
He completed his junior years at Argeș Pitești, being brought there by Viorel Moiceanu, making his debut for the first team when coach Ion Moldovan sent him on the field on 7 May 2003 in a Liga I match which ended with a 1–0 loss against Gloria Bistrița.
No points are awarded for a loss though the losing team can gain a bonus point for finishing the match within seven points of the winning team.
The connectors covered have a consistent and predictable optical performance using low loss optical fiber cables in military, ground-based, fiber-optic data transmission systems, and are sufficiently rugged to withstand military field applications.
NYU closed its season with a 25–13 loss to visiting Oregon State, and finished 8–2–0.
In total, the Luftwaffe claimed 51 aerial victories, including 32 four-engine bombers while the USAAF reported the loss of 30 four-engine bombers and eleven escort fighters.
He was given the starting job at quarterback for his senior year in 1906, and led the team to a 6-1 record, including wins over Michigan State and Purdue, with the lone loss suffered at Indiana.
Hearing Dogs for Deaf People helps people with hearing loss, by providing them with Assistance Dogs that can accompany them wherever they want to go.
Because of its adaptability and wide distribution, habitat loss does not affect the species significantly globally.
In the sector of Carnoy, the loss to the 329e I.R.
She averted the needless loss of life of many people of her community / kingdom through the Supreme sacrifice of sacrificing one's life through "Sati" or "Self-Immolation".
This common phenomenon in the region caused the loss of another major port in the region - Brouage - in the 17th century.
Post match there was dissension between AotF members when Jacobs blamed Black for the loss, then the two left the ring without exchanging words.
They defeated the Raiders in a game where Jerry Rice broke the NFL record for career touchdowns, but followed with a 24–17 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, led by former 49ers quarterback Joe Montana.
On 18 April 2015, Cani was one of six Massimo Cellino signings (along with Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Souleymane Doukara, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri) who controversially pulled out of the squad with an 'injury' the day before a 2-1 loss against Charlton Athletic.
In his views, subjection to the British implied loss of dharma (faith and way of life).
According to media reports, Sashi Kumar's exit from Asianet created a sense of loss in the Communist Party of India-Marxist leadership in Kerala.
The Blues were the underdogs when they faced off against Denmark, considering their recent loss at the World Championship and the fact that Denmark had the luxury of playing in their own stadium, but they dominated the championship, and, in the final, managed to defeat the Danes in a sure victory.
While Dice said that he didn't intend to actually quit because he would be effectively admitting the loss was his fault, Trump became convinced that his heart wasn't in the competition.
Then, Suárez followed an early loss in Paris with a semifinal and a quarterfinal, in Bogotá and Acapulco, respectively.
Alabama beat LSU in a game at Montgomery, Alabama, 33–0, while Tulane (6–1–0) and Georgia (6–0–1) met at New Orleans, with Tulane handing the Bulldogs their first loss, 25–0
On 25 May 2011, Zeballos scored his first goal for Paraguay in a 4–2 away loss in a friendly against Argentina.
The collapse represented a crucial loss of confidence at a critical time in the Depression that was encouraged by media reports.
He correctly anticipated that the ensuing positive publicity and public relations for Zabar's over the dispute would more than make up for the negative loss of selling the caviar for such a low price.
When sorted by years won or lost, the table is sorted by the year of each team's most recent win or loss.
Boetsch was released from the UFC following his loss to Jason Brilz at UFC 96, ending his four-fight contract with a 2–2 record.
Hoping to rebound from their Monday Night road loss to the Browns, the Giants went home for a Week 7 duel with the San Francisco 49ers.
With the loss, the Cowboys entered their bye week 5–4.
Guillain–Barré syndrome is usually triggered by an infection that causes weakness and tingling that may lead to muscle loss.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Broncos, the Buccaneers went home for a Week 6 NFC South duel with the Carolina Panthers.
With the loss, Buffalo went into their bye week at 4–1.
After appeals, the New Zealand High Court confirmed the loss of charitable status in 2018.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional road loss to the Falcons, the Saints flew to Arrowhead Stadium for a Week 11 interconference duel with the Kansas City Chiefs.
When she died, Guilhem went mad over the loss and began to believe that she was posing as dead in order to leave him.
With the loss, Cincinnati fell to 0–6 and it became their first 0–6 start as well as 6-game losing streak since 2002.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional road loss to the Texans, the Titans went home for a crucial Week 16 battle with the Pittsburgh Steelers, with the AFC's top seed on the line.
On December 5, 2015, Quillin suffered the 1st defeat of his career suffering a TKO loss to Daniel Jacobs in the 1st round.
Tech recovered, however, and won five consecutive games following the loss, the ACC Championship, and the Orange Bowl.Permanent team captains were Macho Harris, Orion Martin, Brett Warren, and Ryan Shuman.
From then on out, Atlanta would prevent Oakland from getting any kind of positive drive going and the Raiders fell to 2–6 with the shutout loss.
However, following the Six Nations success, Wales suffered a 3–0 test series defeat to Australia on their summer tour and then failed to win any of their Autumn internationals; Priestland played in all seven of those matches, starting six of them and suffered a loss of confidence that saw him leave social media and start seeing a sports psychologist.
Arlauskis ended the season with 25 league appearances after being sent-off in the 47th minute of a 3–1 loss against CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu on 3 May 2015.
With the loss, San Francisco fell to 2–3.
With the loss, the Texans fell to 0–3.
With the loss, the Cardinals fell to 2–2.
His competitive debut finally arrived in September against FC Twente where he scored an own goal in a 3–1 loss.
The ERA stayed in existence until 1999, when a loss of support forced the European Free Alliance members of the ERA to rejoin with the Green Group to create the Greens–European Free Alliance (Greens/EFA) group.
The loss of the "beautiful old" is seen as an aesthetic diminution, historically created and poorly closed building gaps are experienced as a permanent "flaw in the cityscape".
WAL is a measure that can be useful in credit risk analysis on fixed income securities, bearing in mind that the main credit risk of a loan is the risk of loss of principal.
A loss of astrocytes results in a pro-inflammatory effect, further increasing the initial inflammatory response which initiates quinolinic acid production.
Ianto catches and closes it quickly, but too late to save all but one victim; the other victims, with the loss of their breath, quickly pass away.
It wasn't until on 3 December 2011 when he made his return from injury, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Évian.
In the second half, the Terrapins began with a series that fizzled out after a run attempt for a loss, an additional false start, and two incomplete passes.
The Narrator and the Youth confront each other directly and in a serious moment for the first time as the Youth copes with his grief; dealing with the loss of the same mother, it is clear now that the Narrator and Youth represent the same person at two different times in his life ("Passing Phase").
In the Battle of Valmaseda, he was defeated and lost his baggage, but managed to extricate his soldiers with the loss of only 500 men and one cannon.
California (9–0) and Stanford (6–1–0) met at Palo Alto, as Stanford handed the Golden Bears their first loss, 13–0.
The focus in her poetry is on age, loss, memories, reflections, and politics.
Grid operators have the option of curtailing excess generation from large systems, although this is more commonly done with wind power than solar power, and results in a substantial loss of revenue.
With such a small area of occupation, P. bocourti is subject to threats such as habitat loss through a typhoon or wildfire, and the possibility of predatory animals being introduced to the island.
Following an appearance on the ITV Yorkshire news programme Calendar, where he discussed his loss of funding, an anonymous donor sent Buck a cheque for £10,000.
Grandin made his first appearance of the season against Morecambe in the first round of the League Cup on 12 August 2012, coming on as a second half substitute, in a 2–1 loss.
Prine biographer Eddie Huffman calls the song "a casually visionary song about loss of innocence, relationships, sex, aging, and the passage of time, one of the most remarkable in Prine's catalog, effortlessly tying together various lyrical threads from throughout his career as a songwriter."
The shutout was the first for the Crimson Tide since their 1970 season, and with the loss Alabama also dropped out of the polls for the first time since 1970.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Notre Dame to 0–2.
Alabama rebounded from the loss and defeated  and Florida in consecutive games that set up a top-twenty match-up against Ole Miss.
Wilbur Jackson saw limited playing time only on special teams due to an ankle injury and the Bulldogs had six turnovers in the loss.
Scientists test for material, or component durability, such as accelerated degradation, space contamination adherence, and mass loss.
According to UNESCO, reconstruction costs are estimated at tens of millions USD, though "the loss of irreplaceable heritage damage cannot be determined financially."
He was hit, and wounded, but continuing his attack he drove the enemy back with a loss of 27 killed.
A youth product of Real Zaragoza, Sanjuán was born in Zaragoza, and made his debut for the first team on 24 April 1991 in a 0–1 away loss against Sporting de Gijón.
The refrigerator must replenish this loss with an inherent poor efficiency, given by the product of the Carnot efficiency ηC and a "practical" efficiency ηp.
In 2010, following a heated loss at Texas A&M that included fans storming the field, Pelini was accused by TexAgs co-owner Brandon Jones, who was on the field as a credentialed media member, of grabbing and damaging his camera.
On 21 August 2009, Wass made his debut in a 4–1 loss against Rosenborg and on 1 November 2009, Wass started and played the full 90 minutes scoring in a 5–0 win over Lyn.
Dawson himself played a non-speaking cameo role in the film, playing the head coach of Marshall's opponent, Morehead State University , in the first game of the 1971 season, a 29-6 loss.
Highly charged ions (HCI) are ions in very high charge states due to the loss of many or most of their bound electrons by energetic collisions or high-energy photon absorption.
On September 10, 2017, LaFell began the 2017 season with three receptions for 24 yards in a 20–0 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Gruppe, without loss, claimed four aerial victories and three Herausschüsse (separation shots–a severely damaged heavy bomber forced to separate from its combat box and which the Luftwaffe counted as an aerial victory).
Eloise suspects Burke is hiding secrets regarding the loss of his wife.
Despite this, many patients with FHA display behaviors which result in low energy intake and therefore weight loss.
He scored two goals in the 5–4 bronze medal game loss to Russia.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Vanderbilt to 0–5.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Ole Miss to 4–2–1.
At the time there was no on-site emergency personnel or equipment so the fire went uncontrolled for some time and the aircraft was a total loss.
After the loss of his Dáil seat in 1961, Donegan was elected to the 10th Seanad in a by-election on the Agricultural Panel on 28 November 1963, but was defeated at the 1965 election to the 11th Seanad.
Hamburg Atlantic Line was without a ship from the loss of the first Hanseatic until November 1967, when the three-year-old SS Shalom was purchased from the Israel-based ZIM Lines.
After the loss of one third of Chief Piapot's people the land they were given was considerably less than what had been allotted for one square mile per family.
A loss to Florida State in the inaugural ACC Championship Game gave Tech a position in the Gator Bowl instead of the more prestigious Bowl Championship Series-run Orange Bowl game.
Because PTA involves confusion in addition to the memory loss typical of amnesia, the term "post-traumatic confusional state" has been proposed as an alternative.
A loss to Germany in the last international match at the old Wembley Stadium in the first 2002 World Cup qualifying match led to Keegan's resignation.
A powerful cyclone caused widespread damage and loss of life throughout Bangladesh in May.
The general election came down to whether Davis could win enough votes from those who still grieved at the loss of his mentor and namesake.
The only loss was to Nebraska.
It was the highest daily loss of any German air corps in the campaign.
Despite the growth facts above, the loss of employment is more likely to directly affect Ohio's economy.
Chris Beveridge from Mania Beyond Entertainment also praised the development of the characters such as the interactions between the couple of Andy Bogard and Mai Shiranui as well as the grief of Terry over the loss of his girlfriend.
Trudell spoke, in a calm midwestern voice, about key issues in Native life: forcible loss of ancestral lands, matters of spirituality, seriously contaminated water supply on Native reservations, sharp inequalities in infant mortality and life expectancy among Native Americans, as contrasted with the majority white US public.
On February 15, 2008, he filed a $100 million lawsuit in a New Orleans, Louisiana United States district court against the Patriots, Belichick, and Patriots owner Robert Kraft seeking compensation for the Rams' Super Bowl XXXVI loss in light of the allegations.
From the park's opening in 1992 to the loss of the Peanuts characters in 2006, Woodstock was formerly featured on the mechanical building behind the attraction, although the attraction was not themed to a specific Peanuts character.
As 1914 approached, the Institute was operating at a financial loss, and the executive considered closure.
Cruise services operated a loss in the late 1970s and were restructured with the two cruise ships Sagafjord and Vistafjord passing to a new company, Norwegian America Cruises, in 1980.
The sheet erosion caused by a single rainstorm may account for the loss of up to hundred tons of small particles in an acre.
Points awarded in the group stage followed the standard formula of three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
At the conclusion of the Red Bulls 2–1 loss to the Colorado Rapids on April 16, 2016, Robles became the MLS' new Ironman, by setting a new record of playing 90 minutes in 113 consecutive matches.
Proposition 64 limits the ability for lawsuits to be filed, only allowing them if there was actual loss.
The loss of job security for almost 3,000 permanent and temporary employees was a big blow, forcing professional Greek journalists to accept work under deteriorated conditions in private media.
Noise-induced hearing loss
The stations' owner noted that, although the sale of an FM sister station cleared all of the stations' debts, the stations were still operating at a loss and that until a freeze on FM translator awards was lifted, the stations could not be sustained.
With the aid of false documents, a family's will to survive, and despite his loss of innocence, his family managed to escape the cruelty of Nazi concentration camps and potential execution.
An additional problem can be loss of ESI signal due to interference between the analyte sample and background components.
A court martial on 27 October on  in Portsmouth Harbour, tried the pilot, John Geram, for her loss.
In a Week 4 loss against the Arizona Cardinals, he broke the Dolphins franchise record for receiving yards in a game with 253.
On February 24, for example, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said "I would hope that it would be short, that it would be precise and avoid the loss of innocent life and that they leave as quickly as they can accomplish the mission."
 Loss of integrity: How much data could be corrupted and how damaged is it?
After 20 years and numerous productions, it was terminated in 1997, partially due to loss of funding after reconstruction of Arts SA.
He wrestled on World Championship Wrestling's first annual Ilio DiPaolo tribute show, teaming with Cowboy Danny Johnson in a loss to Tony Parisi and Dominic DeNucci.
Mutations resulting in loss of consensus donor splice site at exon 2-intron 2 junctions result in significant diffuse calcification of soft tissue cartilage.
A family of the name resident in Sussex at Warbleton and Salehurst also held the manor of Firle until it passed from family control in 1440 due to the debts of Thomas Levett, whose bankruptcy also necessitated the loss of Catsfield, East Sussex.
Dennis caught 7 passes for 113 yards in a 35-28 loss to the buckeyes.
Despite a poor performance, resulting in an 18-9 loss, the crowd in the Lansdowne Road stadium gave a standing ovation to the England team.
A product of CA Osasuna's youth ranks, he made his La Liga debut against Villarreal CF on 8 September 2001, in a 0–3 away loss.
It is used as a fragrance in cosmetics and has been more recently marketed as a weight loss supplement, though there is no clinical evidence to support this effect.
However, it may be the case that loss records were lost or not well kept, meaning Specht's claims cannot be traced and may well be accurate.
In 1929, the Kuru sank in a storm, resulting in the loss of 138 lives.
Kerry later qualified for the All-Ireland final where they had a surprise loss to Westmeath.
Plans were tabled for expansion to Kansas City and Columbia, but they were dropped following a dispute over travel costs and the loss of Columbia's ice rinks.
The gold medal was overshadowed by the tragic loss of her fiancé of that time, Béla Perényi.
The league experimented for season, awarding one point for an overtime loss.
The extent of Essendon's loss is reflected in the fact that, in his first year in Tasmania:
After that, she suffered an early loss to Ayumi Morita in Dubai.
This was followed by a loss to Kerber in the first round of Stuttgart.
Two months later, Kvitová scored her first win over Wozniacki in the fourth round of the Wimbledon Championships, winning with the loss of just two games.
Heavy damage was inflicted on German forces, with the LIII Corps of Third Panzer Army being almost eliminated and other corps suffering high levels of casualties and loss of equipment.
His argument was based on causation: the shooting was an intervening event, which was not caused by his negligent driving and the amputation of the man's leg meant that the defendant could not be held accountable for any loss, since the damage he had done previously no longer existed.
The 1998 epidemic involved considerably more cases and loss of life.
Due to the loss of several corporate officers, Milligen-Biosearch was subsequently acquired by PerSeptive Biosystems which in turn was acquired by Applied Biosystems who eventually retired the Biosearch name and products.
The squadrons of the 367th Group claimed fourteen enemy aircraft in total against a loss of one Lightning.
On the first play within Hokie territory, Weiss fumbled the ball, but fell on it for a loss, and Air Force retained possession.
It began no better than the first, as Dantzler was tackled for a three-yard loss by defensive tackle Lamar Cobb.
The Austrian Empire was dissolved into the Dual Monarchy of Austria-Hungary, with the loss of their influence over southern German states (Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria).
Jones gained three yards on the next play, then Noel was sacked by the Seminoles for a loss of nine yards.
The government dropped the policy in 1991, which was one reason for its loss of power in 1995.
Jacob manages to wrestle the gun from one of the terrorists, but when the police spring the operation he is shot in the arm, which causes major blood loss.
Helping Kimber cope with her father's loss, Harvey finally realizes what he has done and tries to reconcile with Pizzazz, only to find that she is uninterested in doing the same for him.
To start the season, Magro recorded six tackles and a tackle for a loss in the Friends of Coal Bowl against Marshall.
He tallied four tackles and a sack in Tennessee's loss to Penn State in the 1992 Fiesta Bowl.
Kronprinz remained laid up for the 1878 training cruise that saw the loss of the brand-new ironclad  in an accidental collision with Kaiser.
He admitted that he was affected by the loss, and that "a lot of things were going through his head."
Given the Patriots' record and the loss of their starting quarterback, the first half looked like it would be an easy win for the Bills.
 Lose to Win: A Cardiologist’s Guide to Weight Loss and Nutritional Healing (Lincoln Bradley Publishing, 1992) 20:03, 31 August 2010 (UTC)
Tech recovered from that season-opening loss by going on a four-game winning streak, defeating Clemson in South Carolina, Syracuse in New York, and  and West Virginia in Blacksburg.
Backup quarterback Todd Helton was hurt in the fourth game of the season, a loss to Mississippi State.
Needing one yard for a first down, Tech fullback Bryan Edwards was stopped for a loss and the Hokies were forced to punt.
The loss was the sole losing effort for the Tar Heels in the 1997 season, and came at the hands of the eventual Atlantic Coast champion Seminoles.
A shovel pass by Sorensen gained three yards, but he lost three yards on the next play and was sacked for a six-yard loss on third down.
The opening-game loss was a "discouraging note" to begin the season in the eyes of at least one commentator.
One week later, Alabama suffered its first home loss of the season, a 16–10 defeat at the hands of Florida.
Ferguson then was tackled for a loss of two yards, and Clark threw an incomplete pass on third down.
On the drive's first play, Stith was tackled for a one-yard loss.
Many experts blamed the result happened due to Melbourne Storm's loss of many key players which were: Cameron Smith (Captain, Hooker, Australian Test Player), Greg Inglis (Five-Eighth/Centre, Australian Test Player), Matt King (Centre/Wing, Australian Test Player), Ben Cross (Prop, State of Origin NSW Player) and Michael Crocker (Second-row Australian Test Player)
After opening the CWS with a loss to the Virginia Cavaliers, the Rebels reeled off 2 straight wins against Texas Tech and TCU in the losers bracket, advancing to the Semi-Finals and a re-match with the Cavaliers which they lost.
Some other neighborhoods eventually also relocated due to the loss of the other villages claimed by the sea, such as Villa da Barra da Lagoa, 2 km away from the sea, which has abandoned buildings now being buried by the dunes.
 Harvard's 64–58 loss to Yale, Dartmouth's 51–48 win over Brown, and Cornell's 76–59 win over Princeton leave Harvard, Dartmouth, and Cornell tied atop the Ivy League, the only conference that does not conduct a postseason tournament.
Reicher also challenged the conceptualization of deindividuation as a loss of self.
Davis surpassed Nathan Jones on the depth chart after the Miami Dolphins' Week 3 loss at the San Diego Chargers.
In Week 16, he made a season-high five solo tackles and broke up a pass in the Colts' 33–25 loss at the Oakland Raiders.
Supermarine's profile was raised from obscurity by the contest, but the loss of the Sea Lion was a blow to the company.
Yale handed visiting Army its first loss, 28–7.
Typically the acceleration resulting from a "hit" would be adjusted to be about twice the normal loss, so that "hit" and "miss" cycles would roughly alternate, hence the name of the mechanism.
His final match as Saito would be a loss to Shuji Kondo on 10/28/2001.
Nicolae Pescaru played three friendly games at international level for Romania, making his debut under coach Angelo Niculescu, when he came as a substitute and replaced Ion Dumitru at half-time in a 2–0 loss against France.
These simultaneous acts deprived Balcha of his ability to resist, a loss he discovered only after he returned to the camp.
The United States's record improved to 1-23-1, and Mexico suffered only its 9th loss in 120 games at Estadio Azteca.
The move to the PlayStation Theater allowed the Downtown Athletic Club (and ultimately, the award's successor, The Heisman Trust) to resume full control of the event (the most prominent example of which was the return of the official portraits of past winners), despite the loss of the original presentation hall.
He followed that with a loss to Tommy Robredo at the Cincinnati Masters.
In coordination chemistry common C steps which "follow" electron transfer are ligand loss and association.
The impact of such a major event as the loss of Alexandria to Muslim forces was felt throughout the Mediterranean world.
An artery was severed and he narrowly survived massive blood loss, being taken by ambulance to the nearby St James's University Hospital.
It is from their debut album, The Wombats Proudly Present: A Guide to Love, Loss & Desperation.
International experts believe the population has sustained a loss of 2 to 3 million in recent years due to the growing trend of labor migration from Uzbekistan to neighboring countries, Russia, South Korea, and the Middle East.
Divine said that with their attention directed to explaining the loss of a Palestinian state in 1948, scholars have failed to appreciate Palestine's nineteenth century history as a period of significant development.
Beck tells Stanley that he is sorry for their loss and then tells the Rangers that they are free to leave.
After the conclusion of the season (a second-round NCAA tournament loss to Syracuse), Harden declared for the 2009 NBA draft.
On March 20, he scored 57 points in a 126–125 overtime loss to the Memphis Grizzlies, marking his seventh 50-point game of the season.
More severe injuries require reconstruction, however, this usually results in some loss of function and subsequent surgeries may be necessary to improve structure and function.
Travolta released the following statement: Tony, Denzel, Luis, John, James and Sony Pictures stepped up without hesitation to help promote this wonderful film, and their unselfish efforts have allowed my family the additional time to reconcile our loss.
Recovering from the loss against West Virginia, the Hokies delivered one of the highest-profile wins in school history, defeating the second-ranked Hurricanes 31–7.
After Randall was sacked for a loss of eight yards, however, Tech sent in Warley, who kicked a 37-yard line to restore Tech's seven-point lead, 20–13, with 4:03 to go in the game.
His appearance was due to the loss of Jose Theodore and backup Jeff Hackett to injury, and Michaud became an emergency call-up from his junior team to back up third-string Mathieu Garon.
The next night on Monday Night Raw, Hart came out unexpectedly at the start of the program and expressed his frustration over what he perceived as constant mistreatment since he had returned from his self-imposed exile following his loss to Michaels at WrestleMania XII.
Van Barneveld, who had won the tournament for the previous two years went out in the semi-finals to Gary Mawson, which was the Dutchman's first loss at the Reebok Stadium in the event.
The loss of the Kent was later commemorated in a poem by William McGonagall.
However during a 1–0 loss against Aston Villa on 29 August 2010, he suffered an ankle injury that kept him out for three months.
An influential rabbinical personality of his time, Nissim of Kairouan wrote a collection of folks stories intended for moral encouragement, at the request of his father-in-law on the loss of his son.
Campbell spoke of the loss she felt after bandmate and friend Carey Lander died in 2015.
While living there, Elizabeth began to feel the loss of the Eucharist in her life, as the local church was being served by a juring priest, for which it was rejected by the local people.
Bajević resigned on 26 September 2010, after a 3–1 loss against Olympiakos Volou.
He made his final major league appearance on September 25, 1984, collecting one RBI for Seattle in a loss to the Indians.
The resulting loss of big name stars sent the business into decline before the outbreak of World War I in 1914 halted it completely.
However, if the number of people age 55+ in a given community falls below the 80 percent threshold, the community could lose its age-restricted status (and loss of such status would be permanent).
In 2008, their only loss was by 6 points to Texas Tech who scored with 1 second left to win the game on Halloween night.
The Lynx would defeat the Los Angeles Sparks in 5 games to avenge last season's Finals loss, as Pierson won her third WNBA championship.
Manual vacuum aspiration (MVA) is a "safe and effective method of abortion that involves evacuation of the uterine contents by the use of a hand-held plastic aspirator", which is "associated with less blood loss, shorter hospital stays and a reduced need for anesthetic drugs".
He played in three more ranking events, but lost in the first round of each and his season was ended with a 10–5 loss to Hamza Akbar in World Championship qualifying, who had previously lost all eight of his matches on tour.
In Cleveland, an upset loss to Demolition City Roller Derby knocked Santa Cruz into the third place game and out of contention for WFTDA Championships; they defeated Houston Roller Derby 154-141 to claim third.
His switch in political party affiliation at the time was noted as an example of "[t]he loss of GOP power in the affluent suburbs [that] has been one of the state’s major post-millennial political trends."
On November 11, 2008, the Charles Darwin Foundation reported 80% of the eggs showed weight loss characteristic of being inviable.
SS Ina Mactavish was a small coaster that was wrecked in 1907 with the loss of two lives.
The Kakinada Port authorities have conducted dredging activities in the bay in an effort to keep port activities, which has aggravated the erosion loss of land on Hope Island.
He appeared in his third consecutive American Conference Championship game, making 5 catches for 69 yards and a touchdown, while adding two rushes for 13 yards and another touchdown in the Predators' 56-46 loss to the Cleveland Gladiators.
Some insurance groups also include non-risk bearing businesses such as agencies and loss adjusters.
A first round loss to FC Affing however meant the club remained in the Landesliga instead.
In Round 2 of the 1995 ARL season, he made his first grade debut in a 16–34 loss to the Sydney City Roosters, filling in at centre for the suspended Adrian Vowles.
Bioaccumulation of microplastics can have a huge effect on the food web, thus altering ecosystems and contributing to loss of biodiversity.
Spasojević made his debut for Indonesia in an unofficial friendly match in a loss to the Syria national U-23 team on 18 November 2017.
| 2006-02-09 || Loss ||align=left| Hiroki Shishido || WSBA "Shoot Boxing 2006 Neo ΟΡΘΡΟΣ Series 1st" || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
Bradford started September with consecutive defeats; first 2–1 in the league against Barnet, before a 5–1 loss to Doncaster Rovers in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Convoy ON 125 was escorted without loss.
Convoys HX 205 and ON 132 were escorted without loss.
Convoys ON 160, HX 225 and ON 179 were escorted without loss.
Loss of faith in the fundamental tenets could not be endured because of its social importance and hence they had an elaborate system of explanations (or excuses) against disproving evidence.
He played in every game of the tournament, including New Zealand's 34–2 loss to Australia in the final.
On 5 July, Jennings was demoted to reserve grade by coach Brad Arthur after a number of poor performances.In Round 25 of the NRL season, Jennings was sin binned for the third time in the year during Parramatta's heavy 44-10 loss against the Sydney Roosters where the club finished last and earned their 14th wooden spoon.
He made his debut for his new club in an away 3–2 loss against Kavala.
The loss of Romanian oil would severely handicap the German war effort.
He also scored a try in the final round of the season against South Sydney in the 26-24 loss.
Thus, tumor growth can impinge nerve function and result in vision loss and diplopia.
First, it represented the loss of one third of all RAN officers and sailors who died during the Second World War in a single engagement—and not far from Australian soil, at that.
Kansas State won at Oklahoma and defeated eighth-ranked Colorado, but the season was soured by non-conference defeats and a blow-out loss to Nebraska in the final conference game of the year with the conference title on the line.
On 11 May 2015, he was suspended indefinitely from the club in the aftermath of a loss to 1.
Loss of statutory certificate sees TAL fleet sidelined by US for military contracts
The sudden loss of weight would have caused the derelict airship to rapidly gain altitude.
The representative side played the Oxford-Cambridge combined during their second visit in 1956 and the Junior Springboks when the Boks toured on the country in 1959 (a 81–0 loss at Plaza Jewell).
Her memoir, A New Theology: Turning to Poetry in a Time of Grief, chronicles  how reading and writing poetry helped her cope after the loss of her 25-year-old son and find a way to live with love in the spirit of her son.
Similarly, it is sometimes claimed that moderate obesity in later life may improve survival, but newer research has identified confounding factors such as weight loss due to terminal disease.
Sponsored by the American Friends Service Committee, a Quaker social justice and peace organization, and the Baltimore Area Coalition for Truth in Recruiting they tried to add a visual representation of the loss of life.
Body parts with high temperatures have the greatest tissue loss from immense maggot masses.
Following news of the Sack, an uprising in Florence sought to overthrow the Medici rulers of that city, which caused a loss of almost all of Valeriano's possessions in both cities.
The Pope "would like to kiss the chains of all those who are incarcerated for their faith", knowing that they are more worried about the future of the country and souls,  than their own fate and loss of freedom.
Freeman threw for 247 yards and had two 1-yard TD carries for the Wildcats (5-3, 3-2 Big 12), who pulled away from a 10-point halftime lead to hand Baylor (3-6, 0-5) its eighth straight conference loss.
Even Burnside took a leave from his command to testify on behalf of Porter in reference to the telegrams criticizing Pope he had received, though the newest commander of the Army of the Potomac had a specific interest in drawing attention away from his own recent loss at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
| 2007-06-02 || Loss ||align=left| Najim Ettouhlali || Gentleman Fight Night IV || Tilburg, Netherlands || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Gilbert was unable to work after the loss of his lung.
The Panthers appeared on national television on a Wednesday night, October 10, with a 48-45 2OT loss to Navy that ended when Pitt failed to convert on a two-point conversion.
After a year signing for the club, Bajrami finally made his Elfsborg debut, coming on as a substitute, in a 4–2 loss against Nordsjælland in a friendly match on 22 January 2016.
They played their final game of the season, a 3–1 loss at Augusta, on September 17.
We must urgently protect the NHS from further risks of loss of control of drug prices and supplies from trade deals with the US and that requires returning it to a wholly public service."
The loss of Maul, for both his on-field performance and encouragement given to players, was a follow-up blow.
Keenan was hard hit by Montgomery in the first road game on July 24, a 14–5 loss, and released afterward.
The outcome: the Loss of Havana and Manila [and most of the Rio Negro Valley in North Brazil] while our army engaged an unfortunate ground campaign against Portugal.
During the Lorraine show, Joelle told Kate Garraway about her childhood experiences coping with alopecia universalis, a hair loss condition that has afflicted Joelle since she was eight years old.
Borassus heineanus is a species of a large solitary fan palm found only in northern New Guinea, in both Papua New Guinea and Indonesia, where it is threatened by habitat loss.
Shillingstone has no decent restoration facility, the two-road workshop (with gantry crane) donated in 2014 by one member was sold at a loss by the present Secretary and all locomotive movements are locked down by the ORR because of failure to implement safety management systems.
He went on to play in 73 games for the Bulldogs between 1992 and 1995, scoring 34 tries, including scoring a 70m intercept try in Canterbury's 12-36 loss to the Canberra Raiders in the Grand Final, and on the wing in Canterbury's 17-4 Grand Final win over Manly-Warringah at the Sydney Football Stadium.
On 29 October 2020, Gómez scored a goal from inside his own half in a 2–1 home loss against PSV Eindhoven in the Europa League group phase.
Another vessel running on the same route was the Sea Bird, which on September 7, 1858, caught fire en route and was destroyed, with the loss of two lives.
However, the current graphical QE analysis still cannot reflect the second intrinsic loss in the efficiency of solar cells, radiative recombination.
With the loss of Invincible and several other battlecruisers at Jutland, the squadron was no longer required.
Muñoz returned to Alavés for the 2019–20 season, and made his La Liga debut on 21 December 2019, starting in a 1–4 away loss against FC Barcelona.
After a mediocre 13-9 start, their season slipped away as they lost their last nine games of the season, including a first-round loss to Oklahoma State in the Big 12 tournament, leaving them with a 13-18 record to cap off the season.
11: , a carrier on convoy duty to Malta, is torpedoed and sinks with heavy loss of life.
He extended that streak to seven straight on December 9 with 27 points, 10 rebounds and 10 assists in a 102–99 loss to the Houston Rockets—the longest triple-double streak since Michael Jordan had seven straight in 1989.
Westbrook made his Rockets debut in a 117–111 loss against the Milwaukee Bucks on October 24, 2019, leading the team with 24 points, 16 rebounds, and seven assists in 33 minutes of play.
The defeat of a supply bill (one that concerns the spending of money) or unable to pass important policy-related legislation is seen to require the resignation of the government or dissolution of Legislative Assembly, much like a non-confidence vote, since a government that cannot spend money is hamstrung, also called loss of supply.
He participated in 23 fights as a professional, winning 17 of those along with 3 draws and 3 fights also resulting in a loss.
It was the Russians first loss on their Australian tour.
He was dismissed on 20 December 2015, after a 3–1 loss against Gimnàstic.
Teams were awarded three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
In the 2009–10 season, MacDonald scored his first NHL goal on December 17, 2009, in a 5-2 loss to the New York Rangers.
Mestrov played for Wigan as a prop forward in their 1998 Super League Grand Final victory over the Leeds Rhinos, and as an interchange forward in their 2000 Super League Grand Final loss to St Helens.
Red Sox Hall of Famer Red Ruffing took the loss in Boston's 16-7 defeat.
She was subsequently declared a constructive total loss and never returned to service.
In that film Kasparov casually says, "I have to tell you that, you know, game two was not just a single loss of a game.
In an unusual case, goaltender Adam Wilcox, in his lone NHL appearance to date, did not concede a goal but was credited with the loss because of the aforementioned scenario.
During the engagement, skilful manoeuvering by the British drove the French ship onto rocks with the loss of hundreds of lives.
Beginning on March 9 against the Cal State Northridge Matadors, the Hokie posted a career best 13 consecutive game win streak ending on April 9 in a loss to the Longwood Lancers.
Delhi scored 157-runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs.
During a 2–0 loss against Club Brugge on 1 May 2012, he pushed Ryan Donk and after the match, there were calls that Goreux should face disciplinary action.
Retired after his loss in New York, Moon Ballad was sent to stand at stud under Darley Stud's management at the Yoshun Company's Stud in Hokkaidō, Japan.
Eighth patrol and loss
Although the DPP passed a resolution to ban all factions within the party in 2006, the dissent between former members of different factions was still present and was thought to be one of the factors that led to DPP's loss in the presidential election.
The cause of the crash was loss of control due to severe turbulence and violent downdrafts.
 Difficult or painful swallowing (often leads to malnutrition and weight loss because of a refusal to eat)
Fox made her ECW in-ring debut on January 6, 2009, in a loss to Katie Lea.
The species is classified as Critically Endangered due to habitat loss and their continued hunting because of the bushmeat trade.
The expansion team stumbled out of the gates with a 144–116 loss in their first game in San Francisco against the Warriors.
| colspan="4" |Points breakdown:4 points for a win2 points for a draw1 bonus point for a loss by seven points or less1 bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match
While the Giants had swept the Eagles in the regular season, the Eagles had finished 6–1 after their second loss, and had just dominated the Bucs in the first round.
The Eagles led 21–0 in the first quarter before suffering the devastating loss.
| 2002-07-06 || Loss ||align=left| Nuengtakang Por.Muang Ubon || Le Grand Tournoi, Quarter-final || Paris, France || Decision ||  || 3:00
On September 28, Church made the final out in Shea Stadium history in a 4–2 Mets loss.
Like in human brains, nuclear accumulation was demonstrated and occasional NIIs were visualised, but the NIIs did not stain for ubiquitin and no neuronal loss was seen.
(The overly aggressive Sun was subsequently defeated and captured by the Xī chief Li Dabu (李大酺), with the loss of nearly the entire army.
The Falcons played their first game (preseason) on August 1, 1966, against the Philadelphia Eagles before a crowd of 26,072 at Atlanta Stadium, a two-point Falcons loss, 9–7.
The loss ended a still-standing NFL record 18 consecutive regular season road game victories spanning the 1988–90 seasons.
However, not having an elite receiver or solid running back showed glaringly in their loss to the Packers in the conference championship game (Hearst returned, but his injury was clearly still a problem as he only played a few ineffective snaps).
Keller notes, "Uninterested in American landscape, American history, modern mechanical triumphs, or the urban scene, his process-oriented long poems are speculative philosophical works exploring the relation of imagination to reality and the imagination's role in compensating for the loss of religious belief."
When the Kokuyo Gang later appears in Namimori Town, Ryohei is targeted due to his status as Namimori High's fifth strongest student, and loses a fight against Ken Joshima, resulting in his loss of five teeth as well as being temporarily hospitalized.
The Broncos' wild-card playoff loss to the Seahawks marked their only playoff appearance during the three-year ownership of Edgar Kaiser Jr.; Pat Bowlen bought the team the following spring.
In 2011, the company was devastated by Hurricane Irene, and Pantos worked with the Board of Directors to secure donations to cover the enormous resulting loss of costuming and props.
One of these frigates foundered with loss of life.
Although the idea of replacing the settling tank of the conventional activated sludge process was attractive, it was difficult to justify the use of such a process because of the high cost of membranes, the low economic value of the product (tertiary effluent) and the potential rapid loss of performance due to membrane fouling.
A squadron aircraft lost on 5 September 1944 was probably the first Army Air Forces loss to a German jet fighter.
He also has played for the Macau national team in the 2006 AFC Challenge Cup, 2006 Lusophony Games and scored both goals for Macau in their 2-13 aggregate 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match loss to Thailand.
Some cheaper variants might result in the loss opacity of surface brightness over a relatively short life span.
In week 7 the New England Patriots would provide the Bengals with their first loss of the season, 21-27.
Accompanied with the retirement or loss of key players like Bob Lilly, Bob Hayes, Cornell Green, Walt Garrison, Dave Manders, John Niland and Calvin Hill, there was speculation in the media that the franchise was in decline.
Aided by a playoff loss to Tim Petrovic at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans, in which he missed a birdie putt on the final green of regulation for the win, he finished 100th on the PGA Tour money list in his rookie season, thereby retaining his card for 2006, but he lost his card after his second season.
Recent matches include a narrow loss to France in a schoolboy Under-18 match on 20 December 2007.
This was the only playoff loss by the Bengals at Riverfront Stadium.
Despite being protected under such regulations, the unplanned industrial development of this area over the last few decades have had devastating effects on the whole ecosystem, resulting in loss of ecology and livelihoods of the fishing communities.
The series loss was a bitter pill to swallow for the Clarence Beavers hockey club.
Black made his Carlisle United the next day, coming on as a substitute for Patrick Brough in the last 20 minutes, in a 4–0 loss against Bradford City.
The loss is allocated to the partners' capital accounts according to the partnership agreement.
While outbound from Le Havre on the evening 27 July 1998, the Pride of Le Havre suffered a switchboard explosion in the engine room, resulting in a fire in the engine room and loss of electrical power throughout the ship.
He was relieved of his duties on March 9, 2021 following a 67-42 loss to Illinois in the first round of the Big Ten Women's Basketball Tournament.
Despite the disappointment of that loss, Cotten led the Southwest Conference in passing touchdowns, became and All Conference selection at back and led the team to a share of the conference championship with Arkansas.
To prevent damage and loss of the cells during the process, Maintrac uses just two steps towards the identification.
The effects of alcohol use disorder on the aging process include hypertension, cardiac dysrhythmia, cancers, gastrointestinal disorders, neurocognitive deficits, bone loss, and emotional disturbances especially depression.
The symptoms are chronic, progressive weight loss, lethargy, splenomegaly (enlarged spleen), anemia, rear leg weakness, seizures and black tarry stool.
The loss was attributed in part to Starr's voting record that included raising taxes, with an anti-tax group contributing $50,000 to his opponent during the election.
On June 12, 2009, Perdomo scored his first professional goal in 3-2 loss to Vancouver Whitecaps FC in Vancouver.
On July 7, 2009, it was announced that the fund would be closed after suffering a loss of 44% in the main fund between September 2007 and February 2009.
They also objected to the new powerful central government, the loss of prestige for the states, and saw the Constitution as a potential threat to personal liberties.
The team's first game was on June 7, 2003, an 8-5 loss to the Manchester Silkworms.
From the late 1980s onwards the company disposed of its railway, shipping and bulk liquid assets: Stephenson Clarke was sold; the loss making railway engineering division was closed in 1993/4; much of the fuel distribution and storage assets were sold between 1996 and 1998.
One July 28, he pitched  innings of a Boston road loss to the Detroit Tigers, allowing two runs.
The 66–61 loss was UConn's first of the season, but not its last.
The inhabitants of Poza Rica are constantly renegotiating their everyday lives to fit the changing landscape around them; this includes practicing large and small safety measures, ignoring toxic smells in the air, and recovering from the loss of jobs when oil fields are retired.
Loss of function causes Christianson syndrome.
The 1974 loss in the FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup final to Crvena zvezda marked the end of a golden era for the club in European competitions.
On December 16, he surpassed that mark, scoring a team-high 24 points in a loss to the Golden State Warriors.
The loss of limbs in Eupodophis may have been the result of changes in Hox genes, genes that specify the development specific regions of the body.
Then, the pre-chorus continues describing Carey's emotions in the present, "And everyday life goes on / I wish I could talk to you for a while", and how the loss of her father still affects her day-to-day life.
According to MGM records the film earned $280,000 in the US and Canada and $275,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $154,000.
The Sinaloa cartel's loss of partners in Mexico does not appear to have affected its ability to smuggle drugs from South America to the USA.
On the heels of Jackson's narrow loss to Dukakis the day before in Colorado, Dukakis' comfortable win in Wisconsin terminated Jackson's momentum.
The Cowboys played home and away games against three Super League clubs; (Leeds Rhinos, Oldham Bears and Salford Reds), winning all but once (a 16-20 loss to Oldham at Boundary Park).
This represented a loss rate of about 27%.
"The Arrogant Years: One Girl's Search for Her Lost Youth, from Cairo to Brooklyn" (Ecco/HarperCollins) juxtaposes the author's own coming of age in New York with that of her mother in Cairo, revealing how the choices she made meant both a liberation from Old World traditions and the loss of a comforting and familiar community.
2017 Jane Hill, University of York, Can we help species cope with climate change and habitat loss?
Simulation results indicate that the performance (i.e., packet loss and end-to-end delay) are much better and less susceptible to the state changes (i.e., node mobility, transmission power, channel characteristics, and the traffic pattern) of the network, compared to a nonadaptive routing strategy.
In the 2002 season, Li was promoted to the first team and made his debut on 1 September 2002 in a 4-1 loss against Beijing Guoan.
Gravitational wave radiation is causing a loss of angular momentum in the orbit, leading to the transfer of helium from the secondary to the primary as the two draw closer.
Langfus' novels are about the "war, destruction, and loss after the Holocaust" with her own life experiences interwoven into the fiction.
Lead to pain and loss,
Uterine: Scanty loss sometimes means that the bleeding surface is smaller than normal, and is occasionally seen when the endometrial cavity has been reduced in size during myomectomy or other plastic operation on the uterus.
 2006 Margaret Michaelis: Love, Loss and Photography by Helen Ennis (National Gallery of Australia)
He made his final major league appearance that season, pitching one inning for the White Sox in an April 23 loss to the St. Louis Browns.
In the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League he was kicked out in the third qualifying round by Inter Milan after a 2–3 aggregate loss.
Many Republican elected and former political officials, including Karl Rove, have expressed public disdain for Greitens' candidacy, claiming that the scandal surrounding his resignation as governor, extramarital affair, and sexual assault accusations will lead to the loss of the seat.
The loss of Vogel and the dissidents caused a serious problem.
Prior played a total of 23 games for Leeds in the 2021 Super League season including the club's 36–8 loss against St Helens in the semi-final.
After starting out professionally with Angers SCO in the second division, Viaud moved to AS Monaco FC, making his Ligue 1 debut on 23 July 1993 in a 0–1 away loss against FC Nantes.
REFLECTION IN A MIRROR: OF LOVE, LOSS, DEATH AND DIVORCE (A MEMOIR), published by Barricade Books (October 19, 2012) 
In his recent loss to Steve Hamas, only five months earlier, Lasky likely absorbed more punishment than described by the reporters of the day as both men were heavyweights, and the fight was described by one source as "a smashing brawl", implying continuous action throughout the bout.
During May 2008, Labour suffered heavy defeats in the London mayoral election, local elections and the loss in the Crewe and Nantwich by-election, culminating in the party registering its worst ever opinion poll result since records began in 1943, of 23%, with many citing Brown's leadership as a key factor.
He got his 1,000th career victory on Nov. 12, 2005, becoming the first Division I women's coach to reach 1,000 career victories when the Bruins handed eventual national champion Washington its only loss of the season in a five-game thriller at Pauley Pavilion.
Aside from power increase, the S1000RR's engine gains a weight loss of nearly  and a more compact external design.
On 14 October 1939, the anchorage of Scapa Flow was infiltrated by the , which sank the battleship  with the loss of 833 lives.
In March, Washington Irving was determined to be a total loss and a bond was issued to refinance the company's debt and to provide financing for its replacement, the Peter Stuyvesant.
Other games of note for Jones include a November 18 loss to Saint Louis where he had 9 points against former high school teammate Justin Jordan, who played for the Billikens, and also a December 12 game where he scored 4 points against Oregon State, a previous school of commitment.
It contained no specific provisions relating to the loss of citizenship, but the Supreme Court ruled in eleven separate cases between 1867 and 1902 that an Argentine woman who married a foreigner lost her nationality.
They started the regular season disappointing with a 34–22 loss to the Wests Tigers.
According to the Living Planet Index vertebrates have so far suffered a loss of 40% of their species.
He made his first appearance in the 0–2 loss against Borussia Mönchengladbach on 7 October 2012.
In round robin play, their record was three wins with one loss, which secured second place.
 Although full-time professionalism was still banned, payments up to a maximum of six shillings per day were permitted for loss of a player's earnings as a result of playing (based on increases in average earnings, this would have been approximately £118.70 in 2013).
He took the loss and never appeared in another major league game.
A key loss for the team is the Brazilian Edilson Pereira who signed with Platense.
Lena was stolen from her as a baby when Ariana visited Aran, and she died shortly after from the loss.
By 1956 he was out of music, because of the loss of recording opportunities and his failing health.
Facing Oakland on July 10, he hit a home run against Bill Krueger in a 5–4 loss.
On 16 May 2009, Internazionale won the league by holding an unassailable lead after A.C. Milan's loss away to Udinese.
During the 19th century Europe (except Scotland) experienced a massive loss of popularity in the piping and their piping traditions died out, only to be reborn again in the 20th century.
2008 Boys' Soccer were State Runners up, after a loss to U-32 HS, 2008 Boys' Basketball were State Semi-finalists, and 2008 Boys' Lacrosse made it to the State Quarterfinals.
On October 24, May scored 34 points in a 114-95 loss to the Detroit Pistons.
He was CEO between 1998 and late 2007, when he was ousted from this position by a group of major shareholders following a decline in the profitability of the Group (it made a pre-tax loss of £6.3 million in the year to 30 April 2008)
Tolman played for Canterbury in the 2012 NRL Grand Final loss against his former club Melbourne at ANZ Stadium.
Despite his age and inexperience, then manager Vladimir Petrović let Huang play in a crucial 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification game with only one cap to his name in a 1-0 loss against Qatar, essentially knocking China out of qualification.
He earned his first cap for the full side on 28 March 2017: after having come on as a second-half substitute for Carlos Sánchez, he received two yellow cards in 11 minutes and was thus sent off, in a 1–2 away loss to Peru for the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
The songs deal with themes of love, pain, melancholy, loss, death, sorrow, loneliness and nostalgia - themes that are recurrent in Silence 4 and David Fonseca's solo career discography.
Although all the delays cannot be simply added to find how much time was lost, clearly the loss was critical.
Jeff Snodgrass' 53-yard field goal in the third quarter kept Kansas State from being shut out for the first time since a 12-0 loss at Colorado on Nov. 16, 1996.
He knew some of the sailors killed in the loss of HMAS Sydney.
After this information was unveiled, John Duetch, then-Director of the CIA, forced Terry Ward, the CIA's Chief of the Latin American Division, to retire for failing to inform Congress about these alleged offenses, though still expressing that the forced retirement would involve "no loss of appropriate recognition for [Ward's] previous service."
As a Junior in 2006, Adams made 47 tackles (39 solo), one sack, three tackles for loss, and one forced fumble.
The Hornets' first official NBA game took place on October 14, 1988 at the Madison Square Garden, and was a 118–97 preseason loss to the New Jersey Nets.
The loss of thousands of French men made it easy for North Vietnam and the Viet Cong to win the war.
A 5–0 win over Germany and a 3–2 win against United States, avenging the previous year's loss.
Their last loss of 2007 came against Stanford in five games.
Infuriated by the loss of Anele and Galt, and exalted by the rescue of her son, Linden wields the white gold and utterly routs Roger and his Cavewights.
The match ended in a 3–0 loss for the Finns at home, which inevitably cost them the second place in the group, which was then secured by the Russians, leading to their advancement in the tournament, with Finland therefore failing to qualify for the 2010 World Cup.
Nikolić won one cap for Yugoslavia, starting in a 1–2 home loss against East Germany for the 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, on 28 September 1985 (match played in Belgrade).
A loss to the Milwaukee Chiefs the following week (the last game of the season) cost the Americans the AFL championship.
In Week 8, he collected a season-high nine combined tackles and deflected a pass in a 31–30 loss at the Detroit Lions.
The next game, Hightower had 13 rushing attempts for 54 rushing yards and caught three passes for 31 receiving yards in a 35-27 loss to the Detroit Lions.
In 2014, he started 16 games and led the team's defensive linemen with 52 tackles, while also registering 4 tackles for loss (tied for second on the team), 8 quarterback pressures and one pass defensed.
Some point to the subsequent economic revival, others to loss of sovereignty and social upheaval.
The company announced in February 2022 that it would make a loss of US$222 million on an anti-missile defence facility for the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
One year later, however, that all changed when they announced a loss of £1,183.
On the other hand, despite Nixon's loss in the state and though Ronald Reagan would carry the state twice, this election remains the last time Dukes County, which had never voted Democratic before Lyndon B. Johnson’s landslide in 1964, has voted Republican.
In week 17 Amendola caught two passes for 16 yards and threw a 19-yard touchdown pass to rookie quarterback David Blough during the 23–20 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
 Oculomotor nerve palsy: eyeball gazing downward and outward position, diplopia, miosis, mydriasis, and loss of accommodation reflex.
For this reason, Mohr's Barbara's buttons, as with most plants, is susceptible to major population loss due to habitat degradation or destruction.
Tottenham's six-game unbeaten run ended with a 2–1 loss to Fulham; a mistake from Heurelho Gomes helped Fulham into a two-goal lead before Fraizer Campbell pulled one back.
Following the loss of the capital, The Mansion was used as a boarding house until from 1868 - 1879, when the state loaned it to the newly organized Georgia Military and Agricultural College, and then to Georgia Normal and Industrial College, now Georgia College.
A loss of self is sometimes referred to using the alternative term deindividuation.
Thereafter known as the Baltimore riot of 1861, the resulting loss of life and local unrest also threatened the , a U.S. Navy ship in Baltimore at the time.
In the 1997 season, he appeared in one game, a 28–22 loss to the New York Jets.
Newman wrote Loss and Gain as a response to From Oxford to Rome: And how it fared with some who lately made the journey, a novel by Miss Elizabeth Harris, originally published anonymously.
In Game 5 the Lakers blew out the Rockets by 40 points, tying the Rockets worst loss in franchise history.
If the contestants were to come back solely based on weight loss, Phillip would have been the one to come back, but this was not the case this season.
The cargo was salvaged, but the ship was a total loss.
If there appears to be a large amount of loss in myelin sheaths on axons and these spheroids, LENAS progressed to become widespread.
She went through the windshield and suffered a severe concussion, causing long-term memory loss.
It is expected that the loss in efficiency due to game-theoretical constraints is somewhere between 'PoS' and 'PoA'.
The Montreal Canadiens clinched a playoff spot following a 5–4 overtime loss against the Boston Bruins on April 9, 2008, their 81st game of the season.
This is because there has been a loss of endothelial cells lining the corneas internal back surface.
He recommended that where significant blood loss had occurred, even over an extended period of time, the patient should be transferred to expert medical care and receive an immediate transfusion.
They gave him a guarantee against loss – and this is not a neutral document because it implies that should the people fighting the enclosers come to him for help he would refuse it.
Following the Labour Party's loss of control of Cardiff Council at the May 2004 Local Elections, Goodway resigned as leader of the group, adding that Welsh Assembly First Minister Rhodri Morgan wanted Goodway to be beaten by his independent opponent.
Mismatch loss represents the amount of power wasted in the system.
The epilogue of the book deals with the author's solipsistic attempts to come to terms with the excruciating pain of loss by denying the reality of the material world, which to him is no more than a “torrent of moving chimeras.”
A regulation spinal lance is used to sever the spinal cord, which also severs the major blood supply to the brain, ensuring both loss of consciousness and death within seconds.
The cumulative loss over the period 2005–2015 would be about $556 billion.
On 22 December 2012, he made his first start in a 1–0 loss at home to Sunderland before being substituted after 55 minutes.
To offset this loss of purchasing power, The National Surface Transportation Infrastructure Financing Commission issued a detailed report in February 2009 recommending a 10 cent increase in the gasoline tax, a 15 cent increase in the diesel tax, and a reform tying both of these tax rates to inflation.
Historian Félix Luna, instead,  suggests the loss of only two tanks.
After returning to the first team from injury in early–January, his return was soon short–lived when he was sent–off at a last minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Atalanta on 19 January 2014.
A notable feature of version 0.6 is the editing journal that helps to prevent loss of data in the case of a crash.
A few weeks later Nadal avenged his only clay-court loss to Federer by defeating him in three sets for his first Hamburg Masters title.
On 11 May, Treviso was mathematically relegated to Lega Pro Prima Divisione following a 0–1 home loss to Veneto rivals Vicenza after being in the Serie A as late as the 2005–06 season.
He made his major league debut on May 5, 2008, starting in right field for a 6–3 loss to the Boston Red Sox.
The loss of Attu and the evacuation of Kiska came shortly after the death of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto, who was killed by American aircraft in Operation Vengeance.
Included damaged aircraft the total loss stood at 1,128 bombers.
Like other forms of agnosia, this neural olfactory loss can be due to brain damage, or various diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
This loss devastated the financial sector as up to half of the national wealth (and the source for future investments) evaporated with the stroke of a pen.
However, loss reduction during the first years was far below what had been planned.
Excessive use or an overdose causes physical weakness, loss of teeth, hemolysing (destruction of the red blood cells) of the blood and necrosis of the bones and tissues of the body.
In the final months of World War II, when large numbers of German civilians were being evacuated from eastern Germany, his family had received tickets for the passenger ship MV Wilhelm Gustloff, which left Gdingen (now Gdynia) on 31 January 1945 and was sunk by a Soviet submarine with huge loss of life.
As the plane continued to descend through , the captain suddenly experienced a loss of rudder control and the plane rolled sharply to the right.
In 2004, the online edition and accounting were taken over by the editorial staff of the Westfälischer Anzeiger in Hamm, resulting in the loss of jobs in Lüdenscheid.
Humphries made an attributable loss of £2.46 million to the year ending March 1985 on turnover of £14.22 million.
Meanwhile, the Aggies would stumble in a Liberty Bowl loss to USC, 20–0.
Heathers – (Ling) (Calluna vulgaris) is dominant on moorland; the flowers are pale purple, the plant branches extensively, the leaves are in opposite pairs (not whorls); and are oily in order to prevent water loss.
Besides the immediate destruction of cities by nuclear blasts, the potential aftermath of a nuclear war could involve firestorms, a nuclear winter, widespread radiation sickness from fallout, and/or the temporary (if not permanent) loss of much modern technology due to electromagnetic pulses.
However, to be classed as an "automaton" means there must have been a total destruction of voluntary control, which does not include a partial loss of consciousness as the result of driving for too long.
The point system changed as well and stayed this way to the end of the competition in 1991: 2 for win, 1 for draw, and none for loss.
 The Oklahoma City Thunder made their debut in an 88-82 preseason loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves on October 8, 2008.
The quest for the greatest start in franchise history was put to a halt on October 15, 2008, with a 3–1 loss to the Buffalo Sabres.
Informed For Life's website was launched in 2003 by Michael D. Dulberger, a retired aerospace engineer, to help consumers identify the safest vehicles to avoid unnecessary loss of life.
He took the loss in a 2–1 decision in the 1942 tournament, then drunkenly confronted the home plate umpire, holding him over the edge of a bridge before police officers had to brandish guns to arrest him.
Red background indicates regulation loss (0 points).
It was brought from Lanlivery in 1846; this monument commemorates the loss of life in the Battle of Braddock Down.
Reynolds made his Major League Baseball debut on May 11, , in a 6-1 road loss against the San Diego Padres.
Cospatrick (ship), a wooden sailing ship that caught fire south of the Cape of Good Hope in 1874 with great loss of life
The Q's brief winning streak came to an end on January 25 with a 116–104 road loss to the Carolina Cougars as Travis Grant scored 23.
A second straight appearance as a wild card at the Rogers Cup ended with the same first round loss, this time to Fabio Fognini.
The shards are stored in 20 different drives, each in a separate cabinet to increase resilience to a power loss to an entire cabinet, or other physically-based issue.
Her efforts to interact with the poet are fruitless until he witnesses her grief for the loss of his brother, Tom.
Better news, of Young Forrest's triumph and the Merchant's rescue, quickly arrives; far from taking a large loss, the Harding estate is now wealthier than ever.
The game was only second, and first loss, in franchise history.
The uninsured city hall was deemed a total loss.
Proctor played in all 3 matches against England in the Kiwis 2-1 Baskerville Shield series loss.
Sportklub Tirana were declared the inaugural champions of Albania following two technical victories over Skënderbeu in the championship playoffs, taking their seasonal total to seven wins, four draws and one loss.
If responses to notices are not received, the lending institution may choose to have CPI coverage “force-placed” on the borrower’s loan to protect its interest from damage or loss, leaving the borrower empty-handed.
Hoffman then lost a rematch with Buentello, also losing his title, but would bounce back with two wins before being handed his next loss against Carlos Barreto in Hoffman's debut for the Jungle Fight organization in Brazil at Jungle Fight 2.
Ringer was again used as a kick returner, this time in a 31-34 loss to the Houston Texans.
After making his first grade début from the bench for the Knights in 1990 in a 24–4 loss to Balmain at Leichhardt Oval, Rodwell spent almost all of that year and 1991 playing in reserve grade.
Also, a memorial tablet for the sinking of the American warship USS Oneida (1861) which was rammed and sank outside Yokohama by the British steamer Bombay on 24 January 1870, with a loss of 125 people, was placed at the temple in May 1889, after a Buddhist ceremony was held in memory of the lost sailors.
After the loss he was cut from the UFC.
Following the loss he was once again released by the UFC.
Following this loss, Kotani was released by the promotion.
Young's final game in first grade was a 38-26 loss against the Wests Tigers in Round 10 2008.
Kyle said that he would retire following the loss.
The Canadiens recovered from their loss in 1967 to sweep the St. Louis Blues four games to none in both 1968 and 1969 for their 15th and 16th championships.
After a one-fight stint with the UFC at UFC 35, a loss to Gil Castillo, Brennan won two more fights outside of King of the Cage before returning to defend his title again, this time against John Alessio.
Kohler was handed his first professional loss via armbar at 10:05.
Taani later agrees to try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in Suri's life but feels she can never love him, or anyone, again after the loss of her former fiancé.
His only loss came to Miodrag Petkovic in a split decision.
Even the loss of his manuscripts twice over failed to dent his optimism: "I am very poor, but I have everything!"
By late afternoon, the tide turned and 34 luggers entered the Adour, with the loss of one lugger and two ship's boats wrecked and about 35 sailors drowned.
Classes of reinsurance underwritten include property (both catastrophe and pro rata), casualty, marine and aviation, and excess of loss.
How Something as Seemingly Benign as White House E-mail Can Have Freaky National Security Consequences which explores the controversy from a technical perspective and, according to The Intelligence Daily, is "the definitive account about the circumstances that led to the loss of administration emails."
Enquiry includes difficulty with walking and balance, medication use to help with sleep/mood, loss of sensation in feet, vision problems, fear of falling, and use of assistive devices for walking.
The following day Taylor suffered his first loss in Dragon Gate USA, losing to CIMA in a singles match.
He suffered a severe loss of form the following year.
Only 6 survivors, loss of 20 men.
The three generals, demoralized by the considerable loss of their elite soldiers due to the ambush, went back to their empire with the surviving soldiers.
From 2011 to 2013, they earned three straight berths in the NFC Championship Game, which included a loss to the Baltimore Ravens in Super Bowl XLVII.
However, Union's post-season hopes were dashed after a 28–27 Senior Night loss to Riverside Military Academy on October 30.
He made his Burnley debut, in the opening match of the season, coming on as a substitute for Scott Arfield in the 75th minute, in a 1–0 loss against Swansea City.
However, that the evidence was rejected as false and Pourmand was sentenced to three years in prison with the loss of all benefits.
Because the loss of most of his pre-war works, Kirszenbaum's extant works are rarely offered at auctions.
The loss left many questioning whether the era was over, but the coming season was to prove Collingwood would continue to remain a successful side.
In 1962, in the early stages of the public debate on whether Ireland should join the EEC, Crotty expressed his concerns about the possible loss of Ireland's national identity within what he termed a "European super state".
After allowing six runs in just eight innings of work and taking the loss, Baecht was returned to the minor leagues.
However, he was unable to help the club avoid relegation following a 3–0 loss against Aldershot Town in the last game of the season.
| 2012-12-15 || Loss ||align=left| Murthel Groenhart || K-1 World MAX 2012 World Championship Tournament Final, Quarter Finals || Athens, Greece || KO (right high kick) || 1 || 1:47 || 30–14–1
In the competition's next round, however, against Maccabi Tel Aviv FC, he was sent off after punching opposing goalkeeper Liran Strauber, in a 0–1 away loss that also meant the Greeks' elimination on the away goals rule.
However, John was sent–off, just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute, in a 2–1 loss against Emmen on 21 January 2011.
Doppo later avenges this loss when he, Katsumi, and Retsu track Dorian down.
| 2004-02-15 || Loss ||align=left| Montanha Silva || K-1 Burning 2004 || Ginowan, Japan || KO (Right cross) || 3 || 1:04
Diem was reluctant to cut the currency rate, which was fixed at 35 piasters to the US dollar, arguing that it would diminish the value of US aid to South Vietnam and undermine the urban middle class support for his regime as they would resent the loss of their cheap consumer and luxury goods.
For the 2012 Anzac Test, Matulino was selected to play for New Zealand at prop in the Kiwis' 20–12 loss against Australia at Eden Park.
Quantum dissipation is the branch of physics that studies the quantum analogues of the process of irreversible loss of energy observed at the classical level.
He made his debut for the Barracudas on April 17, 2011 in the team's first competitive game, a 2–1 loss to the Los Angeles Blues.
Teams received two points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
The appropriate price was low and it took some time for the shareholders to come to terms with the loss of value of their investment, but agreement was formalised on 5 August 1880, from which date the line was owned by the Great Western Railway.
According to Variety: "The screen telling of the John O'Hara novel sacrifices detail and explanation at some loss to audience satisfaction."
The NCV shows reduced or absent sensory nerve action potentials and nerve biopsy shows total loss of myelinated fibers and reduced numbers of unmyelinated fibers.
Courtney's first loss came on October 3, 1878, when he lost to Canadian champion Ned Hanlan in a very close  single scull race near Lachine, Quebec with about 20,000 spectators for a $10,000 prize.
Despite the road loss to the Huskers in the regular season, Oklahoma was a double-digit favorite.
Perhaps the most dramatic loss of any group of animals has been to wading birds.
Workers who have a loss of earning capacity due to work injury or occupational disease of 20% or more receive a pension equal to 66.7% of their previous year's earnings, up to the specified maximum.
His league debut occurred one week later in the 0–1 loss away to Flamurtari Vlorë in the opening championship week.
Developed by Gerard Cassidy and others at RBC Capital Markets, it is calculated by dividing the value of the lender's non-performing assets (NPL + Real Estate Owned) by the sum of its tangible common equity capital and loan loss reserves.
 Audiometry remains the mainstay of diagnosis of noise-induced hearing loss, which is the most common reported occupational disease in all parts of the world.
Symptoms of gastroparesis includes abdominal pain, fullness, bloating, nausea, vomiting after eating food, loss of appetite and feeling of fullness after eating small amounts of food.
Non-specific symptoms often described are fever, muscle ache and weight loss.
These diseases are typically diseases in which chronic blood loss requires frequent blood transfusions, such as sickle cell anemia and thalassemia, though beta thalassemia minor has been associated with hemosiderin deposits in the liver in those with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease independent of any transfusions.
However, serious injuries and loss of form meant that most of these players did not build on their initial success and the term "Fergie's Fledglings" had fallen out of use by the following season.
She sank immediately with the loss of the specie and 42 of 60 people on board, consisting both of crew and passengers.
The lone loss was against Pepperdine at McCarthey Athletic Center.
Symptoms of poisoning from fireweed include gradual weight loss, jaundice, fluid in the lungs, blindness, sudden death without any other indications, aimless wandering, muscular coordination, twitching of the head muscles, abdominal straining, rectal prolapse, and irritability.
The Nova Scotia Community Access Program continued after the loss of federal funding in 2012, and continues to operate as @NS.
Qatia fell to the Turkish forces with the loss of all of the Yeomanry's officers except a Major W.H.
the loss of esse 'to eat' in favour of its own regularized compound comedere.
Things had been looking bright for the harps, but with the loss of some key players the club failed to build on the success of that championship win.
Additionally, swelling within necrotic tissue surrounding the microvasculature can further compress the vessel lumen, resulting in loss of capillary integrity, and further contributing to MVO.
An analysis by Boeing of commercial jet airplane accidents in the period 1959–2017 showed that the Next Generation series had a hull loss rate of 0.17 per million departures compared to 0.71 for the classic series and 1.75 for the original series.
Mary entered into a deep depression and became alienated from Percy, who was not as deeply affected by the loss of their children.
Studies have shown that obese people may have severe degeneration in the brain due to loss of tissue affecting cognition.
The loss can be complete or only partial, for example resulting in small or incomplete (but still existing) eyes, and eyes can be present in the earliest life stages but degenerated by the adult stage.
Patients with damaged frontal lobes often complain of minimal to substantial memory loss.
National Peacekeepers' Day is commemorated in Canada on 9 August in memory of the loss of life when a Canadian-operated white UN marked passenger airplane was shot down by Syria.
The intended target is spared heavy damage with 21 B-99s shot down and the loss of 105 aircrew.
The ship sank about fifteen minutes later with the loss of 22 crewmen.
| 2011-12-09 || Loss ||align=left| Daniel Dawson || WA Italian Club || Perth, Australia || Decision (Majority) || 12(12) || 3:00 || 25-7-3
The Conservative Party reinforced its hold on County Hall and only the loss of 2 seats in Dacorum Borough detracted from a strong showing across the County.
She has a "hole in her heart", because of the loss of her parents, and feels empathy for everyone.
De Gaulle feared a loss of French national influence in the Communities, which were becoming increasingly supranational so the plan was an attempt to keep the balance of power in France's favor.
Nova Scotia media historian Ernest Dick lamented the loss of recordings of nearly all the series episodes, despite the production of kinescopes for distribution to CBC stations across Canada.
On a scouting mission up the Yazoo River on December 12, 1862, USS Cairo struck two "torpedoes" (now called mines) and sank, without loss of life.
With both teams coming off unimpressive matches a couple of days before (Lyon an unspectacular 2–1 victory over Nancy and Bayern, a 0–1 loss away to Hannover 96), the match showed why with Lyon's only goal coming off the head of Bayern defender Martín Demichelis in the 25th minute from one of Juninho's spot-kicks.
The sudden loss of cheap child labourers made the already weakened mining industries of Cornwall and West Devon even less profitable, and more than half the mines in the area went out of business in the following decade.
Despite the loss, Hoffman was one of the best players on the field, producing a try-saving tackle on Johnathan Thurston, making a couple of great touches with the ball and producing a number of good runs with the ball.
| 2007-09-30  || Loss ||align=left| Dennis Schneidmiller || RDF Dodge Trophy Final 2007, Final || Ulm, Germany || Decision (Split) || 3 || 3:00 
Forest then lost their first two games in October with a 2–0 home loss to Crystal Palace and a 2–1 defeat at QPR.
While in command of HRT, Coulson personally negotiated the surrender of domestic terrorists at Mountain Home, AR, without any loss of life.
This barren run of results also included a 2–1 loss at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-finals, meaning the Turin side were once more denied the chance to compete for silverware.
This led to $30 million (2004 USD) in hotel profit loss in Myrtle Beach, primarily along U.S. Route 17.
In June, Howard's chosen successor Major General Michael Jeffery became Governor-General and was to remain in the post until after Howard's 2007 election loss.
The Giants' run at even-year championships ended with a Game 4 loss to the eventual World Series champion Chicago Cubs in the NLDS.
Williams was selected for NSW City at second-row in the 18–12 loss to NSW Country at Coffs Harbour.
The cup campaigns brought mixed fortunes: a League Cup third round exit to Ross County was bettered by a Scottish Cup semi-final loss to Celtic.
On July 29, after being joined by a fifth ship and approaching from the north west, the fleet could enter the bay and captured the island from Spain with little resistance and without loss of life on either side.
 Flood mapping & management (risk analysis, loss assessment, disaster management during floods)
In 1971, Kenneth Macksey wrote that the 10th Army suffered   and  against a British loss of "but forty men...and little equipment".
Because of the late loss, Ohio State was kept out of the National Championship Game, the 1999 Fiesta Bowl.
In this situation the loss may not appear in the records while the claim remains confirmed.
Respondents cited issues like gridlock, governmental overreach, the possible unconstitutionality of the  Affordable Care Act and a loss of faith in the federal government as reasons for desiring secession.
Kagawa scored his first goal of the new Bundesliga season on 18 September, coming on in a disappointing 2–1 loss to Hannover 96, as Dortmund gave up two goals in the last three minutes.
The subsequent court martial honourably acquitted Searle and his officers for the loss.
Beck championed the fight to save Guam's native birds, such as the Mariana crow, rufous fantail, Guam flycatcher, Guam kingfisher and the Guam rail, known locally as  ko'ko' in Chamorro, which are under the extreme threat of extinction due to the non-native brown tree snake and habitat loss.
For many years corporate security has been dominated by a ‘defensive’ approach, focused on protection and loss prevention.
At their second Challenger, the 2019 CS Finlandia Trophy, they won a second gold medal, despite the loss of an element in their free dance.
He played one match during the tournament, in a 2–0 loss against England in Group B.
After the 3rd loss, the Detachment remained poised for combat, but they saw no combat action before their return to the U.S. on 22 November.
Two points were awarded for winning a leg, one for a draw and null for a loss.
1986: #8 Alabama, coming off a loss to Penn State the week before, traveled to Starkville to take on the #19 Bulldogs.
Adverse weather conditions meant that only around 3,000 arrived to watch the 'Halifax Pop and Blues Concert' which made a loss of £6,000.
The film tracks the lives of two modern-day married couples – Samit Talpade and Mita Wadia; Rishi Sharma and Simi Ghatge – caught in web of boredom, loss of love and temptation.
Gonzalo Gallegos, a State Department spokesman, said that the United States is "sad to see the loss of life among the Pakistani military, who are our partners in fighting terror."
He scored his only NHL goal on his league debut on December 28, 1987 in a 6-4 loss to the New Jersey Devils.
After such a long time, the false news reports take on a reality in their own right and the theoretical loss calculations by experts are discarded.
Other indications for surgery are a tear more than one third the circumference of the airway, tears with loss of tissue, and a need for positive pressure ventilation.
He made his debut for the club, where he came on as a substitute for Guillaume Loriot in the 23rd minute, in a 1–0 loss against Vannes in the opening game of the season.
Nimani made his Europa League debut in the second leg against Udinese in a 3–0 loss on 23 February 2012, putting PAOK out of the tournament.
He made his Leeds debut the following day, starting in a 2–0 loss against Birmingham City.
II./KG 51 suffered a loss in operations near Banja Luka on 12 April and carried out close air support attacks around Sarajevo and the Pecs area on 14 April.
The National Czech & Slovak Museum & Library received water into the first floor area, with the loss of many artifacts and documents.
The Buckeyes only loss came late in the season to their rivals, the Michigan Wolverines, by a score of 13–9.
The company was trading at a loss by 1871, and although an Act of Abandonment was obtained on 17 June 1878, the navigation did not actually close until 14 May 1881, which was also the date of the final meeting of the proprietors.
 Environment: Loss of greenspace – 1.87%
Sensory loss to pain and temperature also occurs up to the level of damage on the spinal cord, as damage to different areas will affect different parts of the body.
UBC's post-tax operating loss for the year (2006–2007) was £1.26 million (compared to £193,000 in 2005-2006).
This results in loss of habitat and increases the rate of deforestation.
However, an unexpected home loss to Olimpo on Round 15, made Velez lose the first position as Boca and River won their matches against Huracán and San Lorenzo respectively.
The 1892 season commenced on October 12 with a 16–0 shutout loss against the Penn Quakers in Annapolis.
On April 3 he teamed with Chris Hero and Eddie Edwards to defeat Jay Briscoe, Kevin Steen and Magno and on April 4 he teamed with Hero, Edwards and Davey Richards in a loss to El Generico, Steen, Briscoe and Magno.
Only one of the games was a blowout, with Western Australia handing South Australia their worst ever carnival loss, in a 116-point win.
After a 2–0 loss in Manchester in the first leg Aalborg BK fought back to tie the score with a 2–0 win at home.
The team's first game was a 3–2 road loss to the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes; the team's home opener was notable for several firsts: the team's first sellout, drawing over 4,700 fans; the team's—and Hillsboro Ballpark's—first home run; and the team's first win.
A shocking Purdue upset over #2 Michigan State, a tie between Michigan and Iowa, and Minnesota’s unraveling season after a loss to Illinois continued to help the Buckeyes.
In May 2011, Uate was selected for New South Wales in Game 1 of the 2011 State of Origin series, making his debut on the wing in the Blues 16–12 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Rick Wagoner, head of General Motors, estimated that there could be a loss of 3 million jobs within the first year if the auto industry failed.
The loyalty shown to Napoleon and France by Frederik VI and Denmark was eventually cause for great loss.
Since AIED symptoms are fairly common to many hearing loss disorders, it may be difficult to diagnose AIED without performing multiple medical tests.
They were put out of the national playoffs through a 0–1 loss to Eintracht Frankfurt in the round of 16.
On 27 July 1885, in the wake of an enquiry into their conduct, the defeated Chinese generals Chou Shan-chu and Cheng Ying-chieh were demoted and punished for the loss of the Pescadores by being posted to the remote northern Chinese province of Heilungkiang (黑龍江).
On the 15 January another loss was reported.
In the first season of The Chaser's CNNNN, an Australian television show satirising American news channels CNN and Fox News, she played her namesake Anna Skellern, a no-nonsense war correspondent noted for the frequent loss of her cameramen and dubbed 'the perfumed abattoir'.
Six times in the NCAA tournament, including three times in the College World Series, they faced elimination with a loss.
To You the Living, Poems of Bereavement and Loss, 1981, 1991, 1992, 2010
Districts experienced a reduction in funding due to the loss of federal stimulus funding which ended in 2011.
 Broken heart, when a human being suffers from an emotional or physical loss
He made his debut in a 5–1 loss against Standard Liège on 23 October 1921.
He played in three more games without any points as Canada finished in seventh place with a loss to Russia in the quarter-final.
The psychological profile of victimisation includes a pervasive sense of helplessness, passivity, loss of control, pessimism, negative thinking, strong feelings of guilt, shame, self-blame and depression.
 A win or loss by the penalty shoot-out is counted as the draw in time.
Franz Koenigs in reaction to his sons loss, trying to save what was left of his family, applied for Dutch citizenship.
A comprehensive meta-analysis involving 86 studies indicated that involuntary job loss is linked to increased psychological distress.
Most of their songs dealt with depression, anxiety, the pain of loss, day-to-day problems, and the social politics of the punk scene.
Following a 1–6, 2–6 defeat by Ignatik, Slabinsky focused on the doubles event, where he reached the final with partner Tim Bradshaw, finishing runner-up to the Irish pair of Barry King and James McGee following a 4–6, 6–7(3) loss.
A blowout (also known as a burst) is a rapid, explosive loss of inflation pressure of a pneumatic tire.
The Wombats on their 2007 album, The Wombats Proudly Present: A Guide to Love, Loss & Desperation
He did not play in the next game, a close away loss to Oregon, and was brought out late in the 44–14 home victory against Toledo, where he attempted a single pass, which went for an incompletion.
| 2013-04-27 || Loss ||align=left| Steve Moxon || Kings of Kombat 9 || Melbourne, Australia || Decision (split) || 3 || 3:00
Knowing that Mora was opponent to his ideas, Francia responded by accusing Mora with intentions of joining Paraguay with Buenos Aires and with the loss of some secret state documents.
The Republicans had a net gain of six seats, Democrats sustained a net loss of five seats, and there would be no governors of any other parties following these elections.
None of the runs were earned, but Romo was charged with the loss in the 4–1 defeat.
Jenny tells Helen that her son had died as a baby a short time after she adopted him, and fearing the loss of the money Helen was sending her every month, Jenny had substituted a child of her own without telling Helen.
Bombus polaris has a thicker coat of hair than temperate bees in order to slow heat loss.
In 2015, Ahmedabad Jammarg Limited spent  98 crore on operation incurring loss of  35 crore.
Penington, meantime, was powerless; he had no instructions to take part with either, and was disinclined to risk the total loss of his fleet by defending the Spaniards.
On March 14, he scored a season-high 30 points in an 89–93 loss to the Boston Celtics.
Despite the loss, Maryland goalie Brian Dougherty was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
The team lost by a margin of 6-4, and followed up with another loss to the Pittsburgh Pandas.
Normally a leveraged loan would have an interest rate set to float above the three-month LIBOR (London Inter-bank Offered Rate), but potentially only a certain lender would feel comfortable with the risk of loss associated with a single, financially leveraged borrower.
Part of this was due to their failure to develop a reliable 80-track drive, increasing competition, and the loss of several lucrative contracts—Apple by 1982 had switched to using cheaper Alps drive mechanisms in their computers, and IBM chose Tandon as their sole supplier of disk drives for the PC.
Depressed mood most of the day and/or loss of interest or pleasure in normal activities must be experienced by the individual to be considered to have minor depressive disorder.
In 1936 he played in his first Grand Final, scoring a try in Balmain's loss to Easts.
2003 - Kerry Packer sells the site to Multiplex and Stowe for $19 million, taking a loss of $200 million.
The next evening the Colonels lost another road game, a one-point overtime loss to the Utah Stars.
Capital works were slowed, with the loss of employment for many men, and hundreds of thousands of pounds of material were held in storage.
Archer was a police officer in Cleveland Constabulary in the north-east of England for ten years, until 1996 when he was medically retired due to partial hearing loss, after which he began entertaining full-time.
In 2015, Meyer came under pressure having lost all 2015 Rugby Championship matches, including a first ever loss to Argentina 37–25, at home.
Tesla warranties finally specified a 70% battery loss limit.
Lymph nodes are commonly enlarged and there may be episodes of blood from the nose, difficulty breathing and weight loss.
Town made a fairly good start to the season, with only one loss in their first 9 games.
TAPS is America's leading organization in military suicide postvention, setting the standard in best practices and quality of care for those impacted by military suicide loss.
McNeece bounced back from his first loss and TKO'd Elijah Hamm in one round at Glen Cove, Long Island, New York.
They held the belts until a loss to Otto Von Heller and Kurt Von Hess October 12.
The Intimate Enemy: Loss and Recovery of Self Under Colonialism.
Development of a social phenotype ultimately leads to a loss of aggression; meaning social spiders are less likely to fight off predators than their asocial counterparts.
Samuel Inman indicates that the reasons for the difficulties of this Mission included maladministration by missionaries, loss of Government support and sponsorship, inadequate financing, and leadership disagreements.
To discourage Nelson's obvious physical interest in her, Louise tell him that she's married, whereupon Nelson offers buy her out of her marriage by paying her husband for his loss.
Tackles for loss – single season
All three received a two-year suspension and loss of results.
She continued to struggle with form throughout the latter half of the season post-Wimbledon, losing eleven matches and winning just seven on the ITF Circuit, including a loss in the first round of the qualifying draw at the US Open to world No.
The Bears were selected for the NCAA Tournament and made it all the way to the Elite Eight, which ended in a loss to eventual national champion Kentucky.
Still feeling the blow, this has led to a loss of equity (from inflated levels) for every homeowner in the country.
Whatever the implant, some care must be taken to minimize the risk of implant migration or loss.
It is well-known the propagation of light in optical fiber is confined in the core of the fiber based on the total internal reflection (TIR) principle and near-zero propagation loss within the cladding, which is very important for the optical communication but limits its sensing applications due to the non-interaction of light with surroundings.
He remained at Alverca for a third season, and for the second time in Portugal, scored another double against Benfica, in a 3-2 loss on 30 September 2001.
He made his international debut for Germany on 19 November 2008 in a friendly against England, replacing Marvin Compper in the 2–1 loss.
When the Roman Empire expanded again after the loss of Roman Dacia, Emperor Constantine made the "Constantine Wall" as a limes (occupying all Wallachia south of the southern Carpathians mountains) until the earth dyke later called "Antharic Wall".
Yudkin wrote several books recommending low-carbohydrate diets for weight loss, including This Slimming Business (1958).
= Proto-Slavic proper, the stage before both the loss of distinctive vowel length and the change *a > *o
The loss of the South had a momentous effect on Vietnam.
In the first innings of the First Test at Trent Bridge, Miller came to the crease on the first day with the score at 3/128 after Australia won the toss and elected to bat, facing wet conditions after the loss of Arthur Morris and Harvey in quick succession.
The camp also led to involuntary sterilization and loss of citizenship to the Romani prisoners as they were classified as aliens (non-Aryans).
In Round 8 against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Rapana scored one of the season's best tries by leaping high and somehow getting a hand to a Blake Austin grubber that looked destined to go too deep in the corner during Canberra's 20-18 golden point extra time loss at Canberra Stadium.
Up to the close of 1839 I think there was distinctly a loss to the Company and I recommended the directors to discontinue it.
A regular with the great Gala sevens of the 1960s, Turner had a huge boot on him, but was equally at home running at opposition defences, as he did to such effect in Scotland's 14-3 loss to the touring All Blacks in 1967."
In the 1992/1993 season, the team once again participated in the Korać Cup, and qualified directly for the second round, and was eliminated by Gravelines-Dunkerque from France after it lost in both legs (86-90 loss at home, and 60–81 away).
The Twelvers hold the view that the word Ghanima has two meanings as mentioned above, the second meaning is illustrated by the common use of the Islamic banking term al-ghunm bil-ghurm meaning "gains accompany liability for loss or risk".
The diversion and loss of the bridge being one of the access issues identified as part of the study into the viability of the western extension of the Trent Valley Way, which begins nearby at Trent Lock.
Monzón made his debut for Nice on 6 August 2011, in a 1–3 home loss against Lyon.
However, after Lorca Deportiva CF was relegated for lack of payment to its players, Moratalla took its place, making its first appearance in the category on 30 August 2009, in a 0–2 away loss against Real Murcia Imperial, and eventually being relegated back.
Both sides suffered some injury and loss of life.
Film about the loss of HMT Bedfordshire, including interviews
have used parsimony to reconstruct the relationships between biopsy samples based on loss of heterozygosity.
In the following season, Lerg suffered another injury and with a loss of form, struggled to cement his place within the Oilers farm team, scoring 7 points in 36 contests.
Alex Rios of the Toronto Blue Jays strikes out five times in a 6–5 loss to the Los Angeles Angels, becoming the first major leaguer to accomplish the dubious feat twice in a career after doing so in a game in 2006.
He made his debut in the Superleague Greece on 12 March 2006, in a 2–1 away loss against Olympiacos, coming on as a substitute for Aílton.
Citizens suffer from and work to improve a silent allowance for employment exploitation, social and environmental injustice and loss of major local businesses.
For example, the damage of ecosystems and the loss of biodiversity has huge economic implications as has been calculated in the project "The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity" (TEEB) from 2007 to 2011.
He only made one appearance, playing his only career game in Easts' 2–9 loss to Balmain in round 14.
Especially, the loss of coffee, sugar and cotton crops had a large effect on Martinique's economy.
However, a week later, Town recorded their biggest ever loss in their history, going down 10–1 against Manchester City at Maine Road.
Spain had since been pouring resources into developing the Cuban economy, and so, while Santo Domingo was experiencing a loss of its white planter and landowning class, Cuba was welcoming a growing and  enterprising bourgeoisie, which complimented well the increasingly powerful sugar planter class.
Since the votes were tied, Amanda & Stewart were eliminated for having the lowest percentage weight loss of the week.
Following the end of the war passenger numbers started declining rapidly, which meant the tram operations were making loss by the end of the decade.
After the war, he filed documents with the federal government that would compensate for the loss of assets due to the Union army.
British submarine Terrapin was depth charged and damaged in the Java Sea by Japanese warships and rendered a constructive total loss.
Finally, the loss of interest in the monks order was replaced soon by the emigration to the US and to Australia.
He then ordered and accompanied the further advance of his platoon, although weakened by the loss of blood.
Secondly, often a major injury in one phase, such as the loss of a leg from an insect nymph, or a claw from a young crab, can be repaired after one or two stages of ecdysis.
On 14 December 2019, he returned to the starring line-up, after a two-game suspension, and scored in a 3–1 away loss against OFI.
Minor league pitcher Greg McMichael received the win while Reds' reliever Mike Griffin was credited with the loss.
Coming off a 2008 Qualifying Final loss to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles and with a new Coach in the office being Wayne Bennett, the Dragons signed a number of new players but lost just as many.
These tournaments include the typical hardcore weapons used in deathmatch wrestling such as barbed wire, nails, thumbtacks, fire, tables, ladders, and light tubes, and are known for all their large amounts of blood loss.
Many semiconductor fabrication plants are associated with causing loss of eyesight and degradation of vision capabilities in workers.
California was undefeated overall, and Oregon's only loss was at undefeated Michigan, that year's national champions, and the Ducks had seven victories in the PCC to Cal's six.
Banshee disrupted Magnum's earthquake beam, but suffered a long-term loss of his own sonic powers in the process.
It was also their final season playing at The Omni, which hosted its final game in a Game 4 loss to the Bulls, 89–80 on May 11, 1997.
It was the first shutout of a 49ers team since the Atlanta Falcons handed them a 7–0 loss in week 4 of the 1977 NFL Season (they were also shut out in week 1 that season by the Pittsburgh Steelers).
She laments her loss of beauty and innocence.
In the most severe cases, the pain caused by embouchure overuse can be felt even when not playing; in some cases, other symptoms will manifest, such as loss of tissue and damaged nerves.
After an embarrassing loss, the 49ers regrouped to beat division rival, the Arizona Cardinals 50–14.
The brutal match may have contributed to the boxing retirement of Pincus, who fought few additional bouts after his crushing loss.
The start, however, was very unsensational, with 4 draws and a loss in their first 5 league games.
If the client genuinely answers these questions they will discover new information about what works and does not work for them in terms of weight loss, and create some potential for change.
In 2015, Arabtec posted a loss of $626 million.
In 2008, a Newcastle Herald article nicknamed him "The Samoan stealth bomber" after "teeth-rattling tackles and bone-jarring charges" against the Melbourne Storm, and in 2009, played in every game for Newcastle except their first-round loss to the Gold Coast Titans.
During a match against Manchester United on 21 September 2015, Yoshida was at fault when his back pass backfired, allowing Anthony Martial to score, as Southampton lost 3–2 loss.
After the loss, he joined the under-18 team during the playoffs where he helped the team defeat Färjestads BK to capture the Swedish championship.
Compared with placebo, treatment with Belviq for up to one year was associated with average weight loss ranging from 3 percent to 3.7 percent.
The Washington Post concluded that the loss reflected discontent with Chavous' tenure in office, and that there was widespread speculation that Gray would challenge Chavous for the Ward 7 council seat the following year.
Surfaces of Loss, Venice Biennale, Venice - Exhibition
Because of its high cost, the movie recorded a loss of $484,000.
After a six months absence, he made his return on 26 January 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Nancy.
In another follow–up, he scored his first goal in a 2–1 loss against Lyon on 27 August 2011.
Trautwein wrote a book about his son Will's suicide, and the creation of the Will To Live Foundation, My Living Will: A Fathers story of Loss & Hope which was published in December 2014.
The aurora borealis bears special significance as the place where spirits who died from blood loss, murder or childbirth dwell.
Damages based on market value, lost dividends and accrual or loss of value, considering lost chance to sell stock at a profit.
Bitter conflicts between Christians and Druzes, which had been simmering under Ibrahim Pasha's rule (mostly centred on the firmans of 1839 and, more decisively, of 1856, which equalised the status of Muslim and non-Muslim subjects, the former resenting their implied loss of superiority) resurfaced under the new emir.
On 13 February 2016, Barba played for the Indigenous All Stars against the World All Stars, playing at five-eighth in the 12-8 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Scanning electron microscopy is a useful tool to employ before any of the above analyses that may result in loss of the original material since it can be used to check for daughter minerals or vapor bubbles and help determine the best technique that should be chosen for melt inclusion analysis.
In a 1965 issue of The Journal of Religion and Health a psychologist proposed that the theme of guilt stemmed from her not feeling good enough for Percy because of the loss of their child.
Farrah Emami, Spokesperson for the DA's office, said: "We reviewed all the medical records and spoke with the victim's physician, and the evidence showed that the loss of the fetus was not related to or a result of the crash caused by the defendant."
Naevius' influence cannot be gauged because of the almost total loss of his poem on the First Punic War.
Believing he will be forgiven, and disturbed by his increasing loss of social status, Hussein Kamel and the others return despite warnings from Raghad and Rana.
He went straight into Esbjerg's first team and played his first game in the opening round of the 2010-11 season, a 0–3 loss against Odense.
He retired after the loss.
temporary loss of basic motor skills
Ellie is still in the throes of disordered eating and has started to worry her parents due to her weight loss and their discovery of her eating behaviours.
On 29 November 2015, Niedermeier made his first appearance of the season against Borussia Dortmund, starting the whole game, and scored his first own goal of his career, in a 4–1 loss.
Ecallantide (trade name Kalbitor) is a drug used for the treatment of hereditary angioedema (HAE) and in the prevention of blood loss in cardiothoracic surgery.
In December 2011, Blackburn Rovers posted an annual pre-tax loss of £18.6m for the year ending 30 June 2011.
All these are combined to emphasize a sense of loss, of unreachable hope, her isolation, and the absence of any means of help.
In his official report of the battle, Stonewall Jackson lamented General Winder's loss, writing,
Yalayalatabua was first capped for Fiji, on 19 May 2007, aged 30, in a 3-8 loss to Samoa.
Nolen-Hoeksema (2004) contends that rumination (as defined in RST) is distinct from negative automatic thoughts in that while negative automatic thoughts are relatively shorthand appraisals of loss and depression in depression, rumination consists of longer chains of repetitive, recyclic, negative and self-focused thinking that may occur as a response to initial negative thoughts.
Indeed, unintentional weight loss is an extremely significant predictor of mortality.
Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss.
Cancellations as of Friday, June 21, represent a loss of 4-7% of registrations.
Green and the UWP have challenged his loss in court, as well as the results of four other UWP candidates.
"Harvester to Pay Dividend Despite Loss," Associated Press, February 22, 1980.
The next game against Dundee United on 22 November 2014, Pascali scored his second goal of the season, in a 3–1 loss.
2000 gold medalist Venus Williams (who had lost in the third round in 2004) and silver medalist Elena Dementieva (a shocking first-round loss to Molik in 2004) also returned.
However, they were dealt with their first setback in an overtime loss against the Growling Tigers, who were without three players due to injuries and ailments.
That and the loss of daylight convinced Major-General Harry Chauvel, commanding the division, to order a withdrawal.
On 19 September, he scored the consolation goal in a 2–1 loss to Watford.
For the 2012 season, the IFL switched to a two-conference format with no divisions, due in large part to the loss of all the Texas-based teams (except the Allen Wranglers) to the newly formed Lone Star Football League.
| 2008-04-26 || Loss ||align=left| Buakaw Por.
The passing of time and the loss of youth are themes in a number of Mulvaney's narratives as well.
The Montreal Alouettes came into the game hoping to become the first team to repeat as Grey Cup Champions since the 1996–97 Toronto Argonauts, while the Saskatchewan Roughriders were trying to avenge their last-second loss to Montreal in the previous year's Grey Cup.
He later beat him in the Golden Gloves quarterfinals to avenge his only loss.
Although the battle was, arguably, inconsequential from a military perspective, as the loss of Guerriere was insignificant to the 600 ship Royal Navy, it was one of the pivotal moments in American history.
Bundesliga again, this time without a loss and setting a new record and plays in the 1.
Ah Mau scored his first NRL career try in the round 22 Queensland derby match against the Brisbane Broncos in the Cowboys 26–34 loss at 1300SMILES Stadium.
This memory loss can occur in people whose ability to acquire new memories is intact.
This feature probably led to the early loss of the original Monitor, which foundered during a heavy storm.
There was no loss of life during the grounding or the rescue of Dixie's passengers.
Prader–Willi syndrome is a separate condition, caused by a similar loss of the father's chromosome 15.
Among the many notable achievement were 'Extel cards', the very first corporate snapshots/tear-sheets with brief data on profit and loss, employees, business activities and executive management.
His only match before the end of the season was a 10–7 loss to Jak Jones in the opening round of World Championship qualifying.
It began with a 3-1 away win over Real Salt Lake on March 29, 2008 and ended with a 2-1 loss to Columbus Crew in the Eastern Conference Final on November 13, 2008.
Evans Ashira (born 28 December 1969) is a Kenyan former professional boxer, a multi-weight world title challenger, who is best known for his loss to Joe Calzaghe in 2005, but also unsuccessfully challenged Maselino Masoe for the WBA World Middleweight Title in 2004.
His point streak came to an end at 26 games on March 8 in a 3–2 loss to the Winnipeg Jets; Hall recorded two shots on goal in the game.
He started the final game at Yankee Stadium on September 21, 2008, getting the loss in a 7 to 3 game.
He closed out his collegiate career with 9 points and 11 rebounds in a 77-58 loss to the Utah Utes (a team that included Keith Van Horn, Michael Doleac, Andre Miller and Hanno Möttola) in the second round.
He made his Accrington debut on 9 August 2008 in the Football League Two clash with Aldershot Town which ended in a 1–0 loss.
In reply, Australia were 33 without loss from 6 overs.
Major factors causing breeds to become rare are reported to include increased use of exotic breeds, weak policies and institutions in animal genetic resources management, neglect of certain breeds because of a lack of profitability or competitiveness, the intensification of production systems, the effects of diseases and disease management and loss of pastures or other elements of the production environment.
Loss of the flag could greatly disrupt a unit, and could have a greater effect than the death of the commanding officer.
With the loss, Portsmouth dropped to third in the final league standings, behind the runner-up Green Bay Packers (10–3–1).
He won the silver medal at the 1975 Pan American Games in the men's heavyweight division (+ 93 kg), after a loss in the final against USA's Allen Coage.
Title loss and subsequent retirement
This is the only season in the Turkish League, when a team has won the championship without a loss.
Chicksen subsequently made another appearance, making his first start, in the Championship play-off semi final second leg, in a 2–1 loss against Derby County.
He scored in the opening game of the 2019 season in a 2–1 loss to Dallas.
On March 18, 2011, Johnson scored a career-high 29 points on 11-for-21 shooting in a loss against the Los Angeles Lakers.
The failure of "Zitadel" doomed the Germans to the loss of operational initiative on the Eastern Front without any hope of regaining it, although Hitler seems to have been unaware or unwilling to recognizing this reality.
His final first grade game for Manly came in their 29–12 loss to Canberra at the WACA Ground in Perth, Western Australia in Round 9 on 18 May 1990.
In a loss to Trinity College, Daly led his team in scoring with 18 points, all 3-pointers.
He was pulled in the fourth inning after having surrendered six runs (5 earned), and took the loss.
2–3 Gray—temporary hair loss
The company says it took this approach to allow creation of master pages, repeating elements, and predefined "canned" page layouts; to help prevent data loss on machines with limited memory (MacPublisher can run with as little as 128K RAM); and to facilitate the programming for the automatic table of contents and automatic page jump ("continued on page x") features.
His sister Diana, Lady Mosley, wrote: "his loss was something from which I never recovered for the rest of my life".
The win moved the Eagles to 7–3 and virtually knocked the reeling Giants out of contention, while A Dallas loss allowed the Eagles to move into a tie for first place in the NFC East.
The Ascension suffered their first loss when the pair lost to the FCW Tag Team Champions Corey Graves and Jake Carter, in a title match.
This comedy show is criticised for its speculated loss of quality and the fact that it is generally aimed at the older generation.
When Henry Thrale died while Thrale was writing Volume Three, the work became a diary for Thrale to discuss her thoughts and feelings after her loss.
Hydrological temperature changes would result in a loss of biodiversity and the services attached to those such as water supply, basin regulation and hydropower.
Hazhi Chalabi Khan retreated after grievous loss in the war around Agsu.
Concern exists that the closed stud book and tightly regulated population of the Thoroughbred is at risk of loss of genetic diversity because of the level of inadvertent inbreeding inevitable in such a small population.
These deaths were not only due to combat, but also executions, which were especially well-organised and systematic on the Nationalist side, being more disorganised on the Republican side (mainly caused by loss of control of the armed masses by the government).
This was also Don Shula's first loss to Buffalo in 21 career games against them.
He resigned from his position on 26 March 2012, after enduring his first and only defeat with the club - a 0:1 home loss against Minyor Pernik.
Many Southeast Asia animals are heavily regulated under this treaty, due to a recent loss of habitat.
The weight loss did not lead to immediate results for Sandoval, who batted .167 with just six RBI in his first 31 games through May 6.
Despite coming into the fight as a favorite, Shimizu suffered an upset stoppage loss.
Rather than take a loss on a poor investment, these owners chose to finance their next horse purchase by defrauding the insurance company that had insured the unwanted horse.
Carson's first game after signing for the club on a permanent basis came on 11 August 2012, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Middlesbrough in the first round of the League Cup.
Once again, the Eagles would continue their every-other-year or even-numbered-years trend by missing out on the Frozen Four in the 2013 Tournament via a 5–1 first round loss to Union College and returning the following year in 2014.
The coup de grâce for the Gran Tavola was the crunch caused by the confiscation of Sienese assets by Philip IV of France (as a result of debts he claimed to have been owed by the Bonsignori) and the loss of papal business under Pope Boniface VIII (a trend under way since the early 1290s).
Richard Dawkins has speculated that the loss of the penis bone in humans, when it is present in other primates, may be due to sexual selection by females looking for a clear sign of good health in prospective mates.
The Ju 87s suffered no loss in their unopposed attacks.
Domolailai's first game for Fiji was on 10 November 2001, in a 10-66 loss to Italy.
A county councilor survived the incident but suffered serious head injuries, memory loss, and a severed spinal cord.
An Act of the General Assembly of Illinois created a body politic and corporate by the name of the Travelers Insurance Company, with authority to carry on the business of insuring persons against the accidental loss of life or personal injury sustained while traveling by railways, steamers, and other modes of conveyance.
Huaynaputina ejected 16 to 32 million metric tons of particulates into the atmosphere, notably sulfur dioxide, forming sulfuric acid and creating a volcanic winter; this reduced the amount of sunlight reaching the Earth's surface (see Albedo), which scientists believe contributed to bitterly cold winters, loss of crops and animals, and massive famine around the world.
This project did not proceed well because the site selected for the emergency release was not adequate, resulting in the waters escaping through clay and iron-rich layers resulting in the liberation of gases and loss of water.
Bradley also commends Jones’ ability to bring out the theme of loss through Mr Sakamoto's stories.
The loss of cholinergic neurons noted in the limbic system and cerebral cortex, is a key feature in the progression of Alzheimer's.
Loss ratios for property and casualty insurance (e.g.
He made his professional regular season debut in the New York Giants' season-opening 35–14 loss at the Detroit Lions.
The coalfield's worst-ever loss of life occurred on 12 January 1918, when 155 men and boys died in the Minnie Pit Disaster.
Met fans still refer to events of that night as "The Midnight Massacre", mourning the loss of both Hall of Fame pitcher Seaver and home run leader Dave Kingman in trades that night.
On June 4, he attempted to play through a bout of gastroenteritis and proceeded to allow six runs in two innings of an 8–5 loss to the San Francisco Giants.
The loss of TV exposure and subsequent ban on "ultimate fighting" by most major cities forced the UFC underground and into near bankruptcy.
Opponents identify another possible harm from copyright extension: loss of productive value of private collections of copyrighted works.
On 24 January 1961, a B-52G broke up in midair and crashed after suffering a severe fuel loss, near Goldsboro, North Carolina, dropping two nuclear bombs in the process without detonation.
If a software is distributed only in a digital, DRM-locked form or as SaaS, the shutdown of the servers will lead to a public loss of the software.
In his first game back for the Grizzlies on February 11, Evans recorded 12 points and 5 rebounds in a 110–92 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
This causes some loss in quality.
The loss dropped KU to 5-5 overall and 1–5 in Big 12 Conference action.
Considered to be one of the strongest storms ever, it brought major damage and loss of life to the Philippines, especially the islands of Leyte and Samar.
A total of 100 guns were distributed along the defences, mostly taken from ships in the harbour, but the loss of the troops sent to reinforce Waller left Fiennes unable to properly defend the long perimeter defences.
It also informed Saudi Arabia has not "taken sufficient steps to stop the infringement" caused via BeoutQ, like other countries have, to minimize the extent of financial and economic loss.
The marriage finally broke up under the strain of the loss of their son Simon, who was killed in action with the RAF in Burma in 1945.
Although British Overseas citizens are not subject to loss of citizenship, British Overseas citizens may lose an entitlement to register as a British citizen under s4B of the 1981 Act if they acquire any other citizenship.
In recent years there has been some debate about whether or not the Florida scrub jay should be officially listed as an Endangered Species because of the loss of homes.
Xerophytic plants can have less overall surface area than other plants, so reducing the area that is exposed to the air and reducing water loss by transpiration and evaporation.
As females get older, they tend to accumulate tattering and scale loss which are consequences of increased contact with vegetation during feeding and their search for oviposition sites.
Obesity has been cited as a contributing factor to approximately 53,754-170,064 deaths in the United States per year and has increased health care use and expenditures, costing society an estimated $117 billion in direct (preventive, diagnostic, and treatment services related to weight) and indirect (absenteeism, loss of future earnings due to premature death) costs.
In addition to the weight loss, the freer-breathing Mugen RR picks up  over the regular Type R. It's rated at  at 8,000 rpm and  at 7,000 rpm.
One situation in which  can be important is the calculation of energy loss in sound and shock waves, described by Stokes' law of sound attenuation, since these phenomena involve rapid expansions and compressions.
His lone Astros hit came as a pinch-hitter against Bob Tewksbury of the St. Louis Cardinals in a 6-1 Astros loss at Busch Memorial Stadium on May 4, 1993.
Hairs on the leaf surface trap humidity in dry climates and create a boundary layer reducing water loss.
On March 28, Team USA suffered a 1-0 loss that snapped their perfect Olympic tours record at the hands of Angela Tincher and the Virginia Tech Hokies.
While at the end of the campaign saw the loss of August 1st football club who were relegated and decided to disband at the end of the season.
In 1772, he published Love in the Suds, a town eclogue: being the lamentation of Roscius for the loss of his Nyky, a direct and scurrilous attack on David Garrick, making explicit charges of homosexuality with Isaac Bickerstaffe against the great actor.
The loss of JN-4D 24146 was recorded 13 August.
The Naval aircraft on a routine training exercise crashes into the sea in the Tatar Straight near the island of Sakhalin with the loss of all 11 crew.
Because metals are good conductors of electricity, they are valuable in electrical appliances and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss or dissipation.
The lighthouse was built in response to the wreck of the passenger steamer Tararua on reefs off Waipapa Point on 29 April 1881, with the loss of 131 lives.
These symptoms included tremor, lack of muscle movement coordination, anxiety and weight loss.
On February 3, 2012, Morrow scored a career-high 42 points in a loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Loss of funding and research interest
The Eagles suffered arguably their worst loss in franchise history at home in the 2002 NFC Championship Game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who eventually won Super Bowl XXXVII.
From 1340 to 1400, the world's population fell from an estimated 443 million to 350-375 million, with the Indian subcontinent suffering the greatest loss and Europe suffering the Black Death pandemic; it took 200 years for European population figures to recover.
Hardy finished his college career with 39.5 career tackles for loss and 26.5 sacks.
After a strong performance for Country, including a try in the 36–18 win over City Origin, he was named on the interchange bench for the New South Wales State of Origin team for Game I of the 2010 series scoring a try in the 28–24 loss.
Ullyett represented Rhodesia in field hockey at the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo and scored a goal in their 4-1 loss to Great Britain.
He switched to the Ivory Coast national team and made his debut in a 4–1 loss to Cameroon in 2014.
The dissatisfaction of English nobles, resulting from the loss of their continental landholdings, as well as the general shock at losing a war in which investment had been so great, helped lead to the Wars of the Roses (1455–1487).
His only loss was against Jimmy Christy.
It was asserted by political observers that Chiranjeevi's move may have been prompted by his loss of support in the wake of his own strong anti-Telangana stance in previous months.
No net loss (wetlands)
He scored in Reading's penalty shoot-out loss away to Stoke City in the third round after entering as a substitute.
Another research area is focused on loss of heterozygosity, a side effect of DNA-repair and recombination.
 Chicken Soup for the Soul Healthy Living Series: Weight Loss, Jack Canfield, Mark Victor Hansen and Andrew Larson, M.D.
Evaporation leads to a loss of solvents and thereby a changed composition of the solution (the ADN salt has no vapor pressure, so it only exists in solid or dissolved form).
The construction of the Eastern Freeway in the early 1970s also resulted in property loss for both Royal Talbot and Kew Asylum.
Lavan's first DSU victory in the 2004 season was a 28–23 upset of eventual MEAC champ Hampton, the Pirates only loss in a 10–1 regular season.
His last game for Farul Constanţa was against Iași, where Pătulea scored two goals in an eventual 4–2 loss.
The loss of the 2004–05 season led the NHL to institute a special lottery to determine the order of the 2005 draft, as there were no standings to base a drafting order from.
Teams of the era typically only carried three pitchers and the loss of both Flynn and McCormick left the Chicagos with only their ace, future Hall of Famer John Clarkson, who was forced to start four of the six contests, going the distance in three.
The loss of Noel Hickey to a hamstring injury in the twenty-third minute resulted in manager Brian Cody make some positional switches and spring John Tennyson from the substitute's bench.
The World Conservation Union (IUCN) has noted the following as threats to the species: a period of hunting by humans during the Great Leap Forward, entanglement in fishing gear, the illegal practice of electric fishing, collisions with boats and ships, habitat loss, and pollution.
He was right in his assessment, as the vessel subsequently foundered in the Bay of Biscay, with the loss of all hands.Pack, S (1964), p.244
His first appearance of the season came on 25 August 2009, coming on as a substitute in the 65th minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Bolton Wanderers in the second round of the League Cup.
Loss attributed to fatigue and lameness.
Left untreated, bulging eyes may lead to eye dryness, pain and vision loss 
Additionally, the edema and loss of venous outflow impedes the arterial inflow.
|| Loss ||align=left| Jeremy Allen || Judgement Day 3, Semi Finals || Melbourne, Australia || Decision || 3 || 3:00 || 31-9-2
His final game was an 8–7 loss.
Loss and discovery of the book
Though geographically restricted to the North Island, the diversity of habitat that the moa could survive in has dismantled theories that its extinction could have been a result of habitat loss (Perry 2014, p.133).
On November 10, 2015, DeRozan scored a then season-high 29 points in a loss to the New York Knicks.
During the ship's first transatlantic crossing under the British flag, she was sunk by  on 18 February 1941, with the loss of 25 men.
This succeeded in confusing the French officers, causing the Séduisant to strike the Grand Stevenent rock and sink with the loss of over 680 men from a complement of 1,300.
On December 2, against the Green Bay Packers, he had 210 rushing yards and a rushing touchdown in the 23–14 loss.
The loss of Ryde significantly weakened the standing of Iemma's successor, Nathan Rees, who would himself be ousted in a party room coup a year later.
Preliminary results from a recent study estimates that in the absence of good information about extra-tropical ocean storms, the annual loss to container and dry bulk shipping would be on the order of more than $500 million.
Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally — for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand.
Here it became a part of the Army of the Potomac; was active at South mountain and Antietam, with a loss in the latter battle of 233 killed, wounded and missing.
According to Christgau, the closing "Pinocchio Story" is "the only track here about what's really bringing [West] down: not the loss of his girlfriend but the death of his mother, during cosmetic surgery that somewhere not too deep down he's sure traces all too directly to his alienated fame".
9 Tennessee, whose only loss was by a single touchdown.
On 9 August, he scored a penalty in the 2016 UEFA Super Cup against Real Madrid, an eventual 3–2 loss following extra time in Trondheim.
 Lines Of Loss (2007)
Heavy seas during the 1890s and early 1900s caused loss of land close to Saint Clair, and the current esplanade is sited along the line of the first sea wall to be built along this stretch of coast, built between 1911 and 1913.
Geen played in two matches of the tour, the first a 15–8 loss against Cardiff RFC where he was captained by Ireland's Tommy Smyth.
This is one example of how overbrowsing can lead to the loss of reproductive individuals in a population, and a lack of recruitment of young plants.
Aiding weight gain following surgery or physical trauma, during chronic infection, or in the context of unexplained weight loss.
Burns lost the fight to Zlaticanin on split decision points, this was his second consecutive loss.
Thompson was later proven not guilty and returned towards the end of the season in round 18 against the Newcastle Knights playing off the interchange bench in the club's 23–4 loss at Hunter Stadium.
He got his only other decision of the year on September 24, when he gave up two runs in five innings in a 5–0 loss to the Houston Astros.
In combination with a geothermal heat pump, this serves to minimise energy loss and consumption.
Botanist James Wong compares surviving Ginkgo, Horsetails and Sequoia with their fossilised predecessors in the Evolution House at Kew Gardens in London and warns against habitat loss and population growth.
This may involve focusing on specific threatening processes, such as habitat loss or introduced invasive species, occurring within an ecosystem.
Due to over reliance of Pakistan on dams for electricity generation, some environmental impacts of dams such as submergence of usable/ecological land and their negative impact on Pakistan's mangrove forests due to loss of river silt load, as well as increased risk of severe floods have become evident.
When City of Tokio made her own maiden voyage in April of the same year, she too suffered the loss of propeller blades.
He made his debut for QPR on 23 August 2011 in a League Cup loss against Rochdale.
Tina Arena – Songs of Love & Loss
In general, lemur diversity has declined since the arrival of humans due to habitat loss, forest fragmentation, and bushmeat hunting.
Dividend cover, also commonly known as dividend coverage, is the ratio of company's earnings (net income) over the dividend paid to shareholders, calculated as net profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders by total ordinary dividend.
On 1 March 2006, Croatian manager Srećko Juričić was sacked by the Oman Football Association following the 1-0 loss of Oman against the hosts United Arab Emirates.
To compensate for the loss of the smelt, black bass from the United States was imported to the lake as was Prussian carp.
The end of the Seven Years' War, with France's loss of Canada and its status in India, caused the decline of the French East India Company, which had formerly controlled Mauritius.
Reliance damages are usually awarded where no reasonably reliable estimate of expectation loss can be arrived at or at the option of the plaintiff.
(Investment income, however, is handled far less gracefully, as one more dollar of income can result in the sudden 100% loss of the entire credit.)
The storm caused flooding and damaged property but is not known to have caused any loss of life.
Bouncers use the title Crowd Controllers, and Store Detectives use the title Loss Prevention or Asset Protection Officers.
Finally, it is important to notice that, while the gray-area redistribution effect could be reversed by fiscal policy (i.e., taxing employers and transferring the tax revenue to the workers), this is not so for the yellow-area deadweight loss.
An excess of public employees and useless bureaucracy results in the loss of millions of euros every year.
Through this decision, the Wild Zoo's finances were healthier due to the loss of exotic animal species that were more costly to maintain due to their nature and different environments they are accustomed to.
Currently Theft and Loss coverage is unavailable in some parts of Europe, South America, Asia Pacific, Africa, North America (Canada) or Antarctica.
He was benched for Taylor during the second half of the 54–24 loss, which dropped the Bills to 5–5.
He was officially promoted to the first-team for the 2008–09 Ligue 1 season and made his debut on 30 August 2008 in a 1–0 loss against Grenoble coming on as a substitute.
MMND can be differentially diagnosed from similar conditions like Fazio-Londe syndrome and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, in that those two conditions don't involve sensorineural hearing loss, while MMND, Brown-Vialetto-Van Laere syndrome (BVVLS), Nathalie syndrome, and Boltshauser syndrome do.
He scored his first goal for Shrewsbury in a 3–2 loss at former club Walsall on 15 October 2016.
However, after adaptation to a terrestrial phase, they could lose 30% before a loss of motor control was recorded.
Cooper played in a forward pocket in the Grand Final loss to Richmond and despite appearing in further finals in subsequent years he never made another decider.
Theoretical advances in the area can be traced back to the remarkable result of Charles Stein in 1956, where he proved that the usual estimator of a multivariate normal mean was inadmissible with respect to squared error loss in three or more dimensions.
The goal of MAVEN is to determine the history of the loss of atmospheric gases to space, providing answers about Martian climate evolution.
In the UK, two species in particular, the house mouse and the brown rat, are actively controlled to limit damage in growing crops, loss and contamination of stored crops and structural damage to facilities, as well as to comply with the law.
Commercial risks - maritime lien for charterers' debts, maritime lien for second-hand ships, ship seizure, charterer's loss of use, balance sheet protection in fluctuating chartering markets, and balance sheet protection for owners with newbuildings on order.
In total, during the first three days of the war, the IAF lost 50 aircraft in about 1,220 sorties, a loss rate of four percent.
Multiple measured insertion loss on QP interconnects have been conducted on quilted chipsets with sets of homogeneous and heterogeneous semiconductor materials.
When the newborn nurses  the mother secretes oxytocin which causes  the uterus to cramp and reduce blood loss.
On 3 August 2014, Veremko made his first appearance in a competitive match in the 0:2 league loss against Kuban Krasnodar.
On August 13, 2008, he had a 15–14 loss to the eventual silver medalist Yuki Ota of Japan in the round of 16.
In the beginning of 2010, Drenovichki was called up to the Bulgaria under-21 team for the first time, making his competitive debut on 3 March 2010, in a 0–2 loss against Montenegro U21.
 Pollock, M. A. Scotland, England and France After the Loss of Normandy, 1204–1296: 'Auld Amitie (Boydell & Brewer Ltd, 2015)
If this occurs, the same symptoms would occur as they do with congenital hearing loss.
After an International Energy Agency prediction of high supplies for the next year, U.S. crude fell the most in a week in more than two months, ending October 15 below $47, and Brent crude had its biggest loss for a week in nearly two months, just under $50 on October 16.
He went on to captain Manly from the flank in the club's grand final loss to Souths in the 1970 NSWRFL season.
The S. aureus strains isolated from humans either lack these regulatory elements or contain mutations in these genes that cause a loss of function of the protein products that inhibit mecA.
Repeating phrases or gestures, apathy, and loss of inhibition are frequently reported behavioral features of ALS.
After the loss of his speech, he communicated through a speech-generating device initially through use of a handheld switch, and eventually by using a single cheek muscle.
This helps these entities avoid selling the MBS at a steep loss.
The Blazers were out-rushed 96 to 463 total yards in this 70–14 blowout loss on the road to the Golden Eagles.
When symptoms such as weight loss, bleeding through the rectum, or pain are present, additional investigations such as a CT scan may be ordered.
After the Memphis Redbirds' season ended with a loss in the AAA National Championship Game, the Cardinals announced four more September call-ups: David Freese, Tyler Greene, Josh Kinney, and Matt Pagnozzi.
Quadripoles with prescribed insertion loss (in German)
Newton was recruited locally to Essendon and played as a reserve in their 1947 Grand Final loss to Carlton.
He only made four appearances for the club, including one domestic league appearance (against Rad), one Serbian Cup appearance (against Mladost Apatin), one UEFA Cup appearance (against Timișoara), and one friendly against PAOK, scoring a goal in a 1–3 loss.
He provided the assist for Abdul Hadi's consolation goal against Sui Southern Gas in a 2–1 loss.
Infections: There are many bodily infections that can cause the loss of eyelashes/eyebrows.
Many people use cosmetic treatments to cover the loss of the hair, such as applying artificial eyelashes, tattooing eyebrows/eyelashes, penciling in the eyebrows or using mascara to make the existing eyelashes look longer.
After the loss of her husband and unborn child Petra becomes sullen, this irritated Barry Grant and he leaves for London with money his mother Sheila has been collecting for charity.
Colquitt and Walter are dismayed at their loss of privacy and quiet, but resigned to the inevitable.
However, the loss of the records at the hands of Leveson, whose family coincidentally had important claims on college property, was a serious problem for the restored institution and its financial position continued to be weak.
Subsidies of nerica seeds have also been criticized for encouraging the loss of native varieties and reducing the independence of farmers.
Further, the government eventually may be able to sell the assets, though whether at a gain or loss will remain to be seen.
Yashili International said the melamine incident had caused it a total loss of 787 million yuan in 2008, which were mainly attributable to the costs and expenses relating to product recalls and decreased sales in the second half of 2008.
Loss in excess of this may result in significant morbidity and mortality to the fetus.
The loss would be the first of three for Tech.
The tradition of flying a win or loss flag over the stadium began soon after the construction of the scoreboard in 1937.
The study concluded that use of pesticides in agricultural land had a correlation to the loss of species.
Percival represented New Zealand at age group level, appearing at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals in Russia and again represented the young ferns at the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup in Chile, where she scored both of New Zealand's goals in their 3–2 loss to Nigeria.
He made his Liga I debut on 30 July 2011 in a 2–0 loss against CFR Cluj.
Later on, Dubajić was capped once for FR Yugoslavia, playing the first half of a 2–0 friendly loss to Brazil on 23 December 1994, in what was the country's inaugural match.
On 25 October 2012, Coquelin was again awarded Arsenal.com's Man of the Match for his performance in the 2–0 home loss against Schalke 04.
Thompson made her Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 0–3 loss to China on 22 February 2004, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
The first of the five cooling towers to be completed at Rugeley in 1960 was the world's first large dry cooling tower and the first large scale experiment with a design aimed at eliminating water loss.
Humphries made her Football Ferns debut in a 0–4 loss to China on 16 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
| 2009-05-16 || Loss ||align=left| Joerie Mes || It's Showtime 2009 Amsterdam || Amsterdam, Netherlands || TKO (Ref Stop/3 Knockdowns) || 3 || 
As both explosions had happened on Sundays, it had resulted in a relatively low loss of life.
This great man always fought for the rights of teachers and I would call it an irreparable loss for all of us.”
Although the loss relinquished the Axe to Cal and prevented Stanford from becoming bowl eligible, Harbaugh set the standards even higher for 2009 by declaring that "Bowl Championship Series eligible is what we’re aiming for."
One of them, 'Tudur ab Gronw' or Tudur Hen, is described as 'our steward' in the document, suggesting that Madog had (or intended to) reconstitute the prince's council on which the governance of Wales rested until the loss of independence in 1283.
He was third-team All-Conference USA after leading the team with seven sacks and 10½ tackles for loss.
In 1983, during the violence following the Lebanese Civil War, Ain Traz  was looted and burned, resulting in the loss of much of the patriarchal library and archives.
On February 9, 2017, he scored a season-high 26 points in a 120–111 loss to the Boston Celtics.
The government admitted that the Inuit suffered "hardship, suffering and loss in the initial years of these relocations" but required recipients to "acknowledge that they understand that in planning the relocation, the government officials of the time were acting with honourable intentions in what was perceived to be in the best interests of the Inuit at that time."
In the initial blueprint of the project, the forest would've suffered a huge loss of greenery.
His best game of the season came the following week in a 35–32 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, where he had 78 rushing yards, two rushing touchdowns, and 154 receiving yards, including a 75-yard touchdown reception.
Fish and Wildlife Service initiated the Poplar Island restoration project, because it was concerned about the accelerating loss of "remote island habitat" in the Chesapeake Bay and the damaging effect it was having on birds, waterfowl and other wildlife.
The movie ends as the tourists are helped out of the van, each's expressions denoting the trauma they have experienced and the memory of the loss of their loved ones.
The expedition arrived back in Japan in June 1912 to general acclaim, with no loss of life, no serious injuries and all in good health.
In 1989 Flanigan appeared in the VFL Grand Final, coming off the bench in the loss to Hawthorn.
In the 33-10 loss to Cincinnati, Marshall rushed 14 times for 19 yards, a reception for 10 yards, and 5 kick returns for 92 yards.
According to 2016 annual financial report submitted to Serbian Business Registers Agency (APR), the company has 1,595 employees and it posted an annual loss of 10.45 million euros.
Vainqueur returned to the first team on 20 September 2010, where he started and played 58 minutes, in a 2–1 loss against Reims.
Orchid smuggling is thought to contribute to the loss of some species of orchid in the wild.
In the 2010–11 season, Noble-Lazarus continued to develop at Barnsley and made his first appearance of the season, coming on as a late substitute for goalscorer Jacob Mellis, in a 4–1 loss against Leicester City on 5 February 2011.
He made his debut for his new team against Valencia CF, appearing as a late replacement in an eventual 0–2 away loss on 6 February.
To make up for the loss in population, it was pushed slightly to the north, absorbing the remainder of Democratic-leaning Dauphin County that had not been in the old 4th.
During a loss to the New York Giants on Monday Night Football, fans in the Louisiana Superdome let out a sarcastic cheer when Wilson was injured.
His brother, a couple of years elder, allegedly resentful at loss of maternal attention, "tortured me nearly daily", Vonderplanitz explained.
He made his major league debut on April 10, pitching a scoreless eighth inning in the Mets second game of the season, a 3–2 11-inning loss to the Philadelphia Phillies at Shea Stadium.
Another common risk is a blackout (alcohol-related amnesia), which can cause shame, guilt, embarrassment, harm to personal relationships, injury or death, and is also associated with the loss of personal belongings.
It was determined that the chain of events that led to the spacecraft's loss began with its inertial reference unit (IRU) reporting a rotation of 21.7° per hour at 19:10 UTC on 25 March 2016, though the vehicle was actually stable.
He afterwards served under Sampson Edwards in the schooner Canada, and after the loss of that vessel, returned to England with Admiral Robert Duff in .
While steaming in the English Channel on 31 May, König Wilhelm accidentally rammed Grosser Kurfürst; the latter quickly sank with the loss of between 269 and 284 men.
This loss of units results from the use of a scaling ratio with respect to a carbon-12 standard, and the word "relative" in the term "relative isotopic mass" refers to this scaling relative to carbon-12.
When Lucy's lover is present, he is completely immersed in human interactions and the human aspects of nature, and the death of his beloved is a total loss for the lover.
He made his debut for the club in a 1–0 loss to Fulham, playing the full 90 minutes.
Children in those communities are at risk of developing severe tooth enamel fluorosis, a condition that can cause tooth enamel loss and pitting.
The outcome of the wager at settlement is binary, that is, either a win or a loss.
Leeds would win the next two games of their Super League season against Warrington and Wigan before suffering their first domestic loss of the season away to St. Helens.
He made his NHL debut with the Avalanche the next day, on March 10, 2009, in a 3–0 loss to the Atlanta Thrashers.
It wasn't until on 4 July 2010 when Molins scored his sixth goal of the season, in a 4–1 loss against Mjällby in the fourth round of the Svenska Cupen.
Sophie Gluck, a German immigrant manic-depressive mourning the loss of her beloved mother, is another tenant in the building, and Helena is Dottie's upscale and haughty friend and colleague.
On his return to Rockdale, he scored a brace in the opening game of the 2015 NPL NSW season against APIA Leichhardt in their 4–2 loss.
The loan program took a $528 million loss from Solyndra.
This gradual loss of particles is called beam lifetime, and means that storage rings must be periodically injected with a new complement of particles.
Not all foster carers have this strong biological disposition as many fear becoming too 'attached' and suffering loss, many are effectively doing it to earn money and some perceive such children as 'damaged goods' and may remain emotionally distant and under involved.
The collapse of the bridge caused something of a loss of confidence in suspension bridges, with one newspaper report at the time commenting:
In 2016, tax academic Kimberly Clausing estimated that the loss to the US exchequer from all classes of inversions, using the broadest types of hybrid inversions (and all base erosion and profit shifting earnings stripping activity), by US corporations was between US$77 to US$111 billion in 2012 (having been zero 20 years ago).
On 24 January, Delev netted his first goal for the team, opening the scoring in a 1–2 home loss against Kayserispor.
These three out of the 8 fishing fleets studied would result in loss profits.
On 5 August the bank announced that it had made a loss of £585.4m for the first 6 months of the year and that £9.4bn of a loan from the Bank of England had been paid back, reducing the amount owed to £17.5bn.
The resulting loss of economic aid adversely affected the North's economy, causing widespread famine in 1994.
He eventually made his Albania debut on 6 September 2013 against Slovenia, coming on as a 71st-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss.
Even more crucial for the Welshman was the news that prior to the fight he had been nominated to fight for the European title and that any loss to Fry would have scuppered those plans.
After his loss to Tito Ortiz, Shlemenko was expected to face Yasubey Enomoto at Fight Nights: Battle of Moscow 16 on 11 July 2014.
The annual rate of forest loss generally slowed between 2004 and 2012, though rates of deforestation jumped again in 2008, 2013 and 2015.
The Germans finish the round robin with a win and a loss, awaiting the outcome of the November 5 game between the Americans and Canada East.
Bob Fulton made a number of changes from the first test loss at Wembley.
If an enemy touches Mr. Papi, he is flicked away and may fall, causing a loss of the game.
On 22 February 2019, KC-135R 57-1493 of the 351st ARS participated in a flypast over Sheffield to mark the 75th anniversary of the crash of B-17G 42-31322 (Mi Amigo), which saw the loss of all ten crew onboard.
Their only loss of the year was to the Pitt Panthers, losing on a last second field goal and snapping their 15-game home winning streak.
He played only 17 minutes in Notre Dame's first-round loss to Winthrop, and finished with 4 points and one rebound.
The 95-seat loss was the worst defeat in the party's history, and the worst defeat at the time for a governing party at the federal level.
Of course, it didn't work out exactly that way...." It turned out that the olive grove was the largest in Lebanon and vital to the local economy, but the Lebanese women who harvested the olives refused to enter the grove while American troops were present, risking the loss of the entire crop and severe unemployment.
It was the second loss for Harbert in the final, he lost to Jim Ferrier in 1947, but won the title in his third finals appearance in 1954.
The book seemingly mimics Le Clézio's own life, especially when the character travels back to Africa in an attempt to fill in the sense of loss he had suffered, to renew it in his mind, a task that ends in a dead end.
Tennessee's loss to Clemson on October 9 ended a 12-game winning streak that spanned back to the final game of the 1913 season.
On July 28, in a blowout 10–0 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals, utility infielder Mark Loretta pitched one-third of an inning in the bottom of the eighth for the Dodgers, hitting the first batter and inducing the second batter to fly out.
In 1913 the family suffered a loss when his brother William Avery Sexton, a police officer in Columbus Ohio, drowned while assisting the town during the
He made his league debut for Varese in a 1–0 away loss to Vicenza on 25 April 2015.
In August 1907, the club then played its first game, a 0–2 loss to FC Vorwärts Stuttgart-Ostheim.
The Brewers opened the regular season on the road on April 7 with a loss against the San Francisco Giants; Jeff Suppan made his first Opening Day start for the Brewers and fourth overall.
The loss also guaranteed Alabama its first losing season since 1984.
The loss snapped UT's 6-game winning streak over the Aggies.
Brüls made his Nice debut, in the opening game of the season, making his first start, in a 4–0 loss against Lyon.
He recorded victories over world champions Michele Piccirillo, Livingstone Bramble and Carlos Baldomir, his only professional loss coming in a European title fight with future WBA World Super-Lightweight champion Khalid Rahilou.
On December 15, he threw for 236 yards and one touchdown in the Dolphins' 31–24 loss to the New York Giants on Monday Night Football.
On December 1, 2013, Cooper started his fifth game of his rookie season and recorded a season-high eight combined tackles, defended a pass, and intercepted a pass from Peyton Manning during a 35-28 loss to the Denver Broncos.
On 10 April 2006, Matthias Platzeck announced his resignation of the Chair because he suffered a major hearing loss in March 2006.
The Metabolic Surgery Center at Saint Thomas Midtown Hospital provides a variety of weight loss procedures to assist in the treatment of morbid obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, arthritis, asthma, acid reflux, infertility and high cholesterol.
She explains to him the nature of Butoh and they develop a friendship; thus he learns that she has been an orphan for one year and dances Butoh to cope with the loss of her mother.
Some names used appropriately during the First World War, such as Manchester Hero, Manchester Brigade and Manchester Division were not reused after the disposal or loss of those vessels.
But Barla counters that the subsistence tribal communities will not survive the alienation from their native land and they cannot be compensated for such a loss.
The ensuing lawsuit resulted in the loss of the patent for Acoustic Research, a decision which Villchur chose not to appeal.
Injection of brain hormones into freshly separated bodies results in a sharp reduction in cuticular water loss.
The ideal goal is to select a function , where  is a space of functions called a hypothesis space, so that some notion of total loss is minimised.
where nature sends back loss functions of the form .
Modeling efforts show that global ocean oxygen loss rates will continue to accelerate up to 125 T mol year−1 by 2100 due to persistent warming, a reduction in ventilation of deeper waters, increased biological oxygen demand, and the associated expansion and shoaling of OMZs.
• tend to apply weightings to the risk factors addressed that are static and based on historical data, whereas in reality future likelihood of risk crystallisation and quantum of expected loss on crystallisation are dynamic variables;
Minella then suffered another first-round loss at Charleston, to Camila Giorgi.
Abu Murad was exceptionally mad about the loss of money and took it out on his wife.
(Unfortunately the year ended with a loss of €626 million).
In 2010, Palka performed in Love, Loss, and What I Wore at The Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles.
In many of the southern and western regions, stretching from Chile to Uruguay, habitat loss and pollution have led to near extinction.
In Round 12 against the Sydney Roosters, Mead scored a hat trick of tries in the Titans 30-16 loss.
It, therefore, had a higher rate of fire with little loss in hitting power.
The 1996 game at Las Vegas' Cashman Field was a loss for starter Carlos Reyes.
According to MGM records the film earned $260,000 in the US and Canada and $1,020,000 elsewhere resulting in a loss of $1,072,000.
Two more fights in 2006 would end with a win against journeyman Shaun Walton and a loss to prospect Jamie McDonnell.
The episode has iCarly facing a huge loss of popularity after Freddie Benson criticizes Fred on-air, resulting in Cruikshank pretending to cancel his own show, and the characters organizing a crossover episode between the two web shows to regain popularity.
Many nobles' first goal was to protect their own lands, and crushing the rebellion but losing their own holdings would be a loss.
The Magpies rebounded from their 2007 loss to Palm Beach to end the Lions 38-game winning streak at their Chelmer home ground during the 2008 home and away season, and followed this up by defeating the Lions again in a thrilling grand final.
Seradata reported that the satellite lost both of its solar array drives between February and March 2020, leading to a loss of power for the spacecraft.
In 8 transports, 34 officers and 2333 men had been sent as reinforcements, so that the regiment had suffered a total loss in terms of dead, wounded and diseased, of 46 officers and 3019 men, that is, 100 more men than had originally belonged to the regiment at the start of the war.
This is followed up by scoring on 22 April 2012, in a 5–2 loss against Feyenoord.
The first and second sets of replacement plates in the case of theft or loss of the previous set of plates feature the same serial but with a small1 or 2, respectively, added between the numbers and letters.
During Week 16, he collected a season-high six combined tackles in a 27–23 loss against the Los Angeles Rams.
Anthropogenic sources and places where mercury is released or used as a solid or vapor puts these has caused fatigue, dizziness, hyperhidrosis, chest congestion, and loss of motor skills.
Construction began in 1870, in answer to the disastrous loss of a large number of ships during the 1860s at the site; in particular, two schooners ran aground and broke up in 1867.
A few days after leaving Tinian, the Indianapolis was torpedoed and sunk by a Japanese submarine with the loss of over 800 men.
He allowed 12 goals in a 0–12 loss, but was called up again for the team the next year.
The loss during the week caused Michigan to fall from the top 25 of both polls.
One of the tragic outcomes in the novel, according to Klotman, is the loss of continuity in the lives of men who are almost human sacrifices to the industrial Moloch created by an unseen hand grasping for profits.
 The Dinos avenge a loss to the Clan earlier in the season.
He also served as back up to goalkeeper Dele Aiyenugba in the Super Eagles 2–1 loss to South Korea in an international friendly at the Suwon World Cup Stadium,  on 11 August 2010.
He made his debut as a substitute for Garry Brady, in a 1–0 loss against Hamilton Academical on 2 February 2010.
After opening in November 2008, the resort operated at a financial loss.
The yellow rail (Coturnicops noveboracensis) appears to be extirpated from areas of Manitoba due habitat loss caused by the geese, whereas on the other hand the semipalmated plover (Charadrius semipalmatus) appears to be taking advantage of the large areas of dead willows as a breeding ground.
Moreover, making a bishop trade constitutes tempo loss, so it is not advised without a good reason.
Most patients with severe TBI who recover consciousness suffer from cognitive disabilities, including the loss of many higher-level mental skills.
In the terminal stages of Niemann–Pick type C disease, the patient is bedridden, with complete ophthalmoplegia, loss of volitional movement and severe dementia.
Dorylaeus reinforced Archelaus with eighty thousand fresh troops after the latter's loss at Battle of Chaeronea.
With the graduation of several key seniors, and the preseason loss of starting running back Cecil Sapp to injury, Lubick faced a rebuilding year in 2001.
McElwain did not coach the Rams in their final match, a loss in the Las Vegas Bowl to Utah.
Among them, over 20,000 workers died, the remained became the disabled and the economic loss reached the amount of 6,000 million dollars (KOSHA 20th annual report).
He played the final United States group game, a 7-0 loss to West Germany.
The contrast between the text and the illustrations in the Ichnographica, which show highly formal gardens with fearsomely high and straight clipped hedges, "has puzzled historians for many years", and perhaps results from a lack of communication with the illustrator, or a loss of nerve.
On 25 August 2007, Hueber played for Brussels Barbarians, in their 8–36 loss to Argentina.
Although the retailer made a pre-tax loss of £1.14 million in the year to 31 January 2007, they claimed that, since then, consumers had become more cautious with their money and where they spend it, in response to the economic conditions.
Most studies on intermittent fasting in humans have observed weight loss, ranging from 2.5% to 9.9%.
Retirement slump is the average vote loss for the parties whose candidates won election 1 and did not run in election 2.
Beacham played well in the 1906 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton and maintained reasonable form over the next two seasons but Fitzroy's form declined and they missed the finals in 1907 and 1908.
Following his serious injury, Del Piero underwent a muscle strengthening regime in order to adapt to the increasingly more physical and athletic demands of twenty-first century football, which allowed him to compensate for the loss of some of his pace and agility.
Martin shared his league debut with future club great Ted Rowell and played 14 games that season, including the 1901 VFL Grand Final loss to Essendon where he was a wingman.
Loss of function of either SL21p or SL26p individually causes only a weak cold-sensitive phenotype, whereas knockdown of both is lethal, as is a SL75p knockdown.
In the fourth game of the season against the undefeated Detroit Lions, Bryant had three receptions for 37 yards, one rush for five yards, and two receiving touchdowns in his team's 34–30 loss.
After recording a single reception for eight yards in the season opening loss to the New York Giants, he had seven receptions for 102 yards in a Week 2 27–23 victory over the Washington Redskins.
The "Lucy" poems, written at the same time as "Two April Mornings", share their discussion on separation, but the "Matthew" poems make it clear that a loss cannot truly be replaced.
Some African-American organizations and African-American political leaders, such as Congresswoman Diane Watson and Congressman Augustus Hawkins, were particularly vocal in their rejection of the category, as they feared the loss of political and economic power if African-Americans reduced their numbers by self-identification.
Groundskeeper Willie explains the bees are dying all over Springfield by loss of habitat, thus contracting a fatal disease.
Gross profit in the same quarter amounted to €472 million ($511 million), with an operating loss of €17 million ($18 million).
Rudyard Kipling: A Remembrance Tale was a 1-hour 2006 BBC documentary on the life of Rudyard Kipling, particularly as relating to his loss of his son during the First World War.
Meanwhile Merry is still reeling from the sexual attack from her uncle Taranis, King of the Seelie court, as well as with the loss of her lover Frost.
Walsh dropped to 2-5 overall and 0-2 in league play with the loss.
A week after their first loss of the season at Tennessee, the Crimson Tide returned home and shutout the Houston Cougars 14–0 on homecoming in Tuscaloosa.
The Cougars then cut the lead to 21–13 after Spratt scored on a 75-yard touchdown run, but were unable to complete the comeback in the loss.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia to 28–19–4.
After their near loss against Southern Miss, Alabama dropped from the No.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 18–15–1.
Eleven teams finished with only one loss, including Furman (101), Notre Dame (91), and the Virginia Military Institute (VMI) (91).
So I'm at an awful loss to the stripper, and it don't seem like I've got it much of a fix.
| 2010-07-03 || Loss ||align=left| Kurt Finlayson || Detonation 7 || Australia || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
He spent the vast majority of his spell with the reserves, his first La Liga appearances consisting of one minute in a 1–0 home victory over Sporting de Gijón on 5 December 2010, and ten in a 0–1 loss to Real Madrid also at the Estadi Cornellà-El Prat two months later.
Blood transfusions can be life-saving in some situations, such as massive blood loss due to trauma, or can be used to replace blood lost during surgery.
Izzo took the blame for the loss, "The blame goes on me for the scheduling.
The think tank Carbon Tracker estimated the average loss was about US$4/MWh and that about 60% of power stations were cashflow negative in 2018 and 2019.
The “normal” body in relation to Volcano's photographs becomes queer, describing the bodies in their latest works as "sites of mutation, loss, and longing."
Acquiring a foreign citizenship, therefore, does not result in the loss of Moldovan citizenship.
His childhood pain of loss, sorrow and pleasure are reflected in his poem "Conversation with mother" (1934).
In 1858, Tanios Chahine started a rebellion against the Khazen family, which caused a great loss to their dominance over Kerserwan.
Salt Lake began the 2009 season, their first to be fully played at Rio Tinto Stadium and fifth overall, with nine home wins, five draws, and one loss.
That led to improved potency but also loss of chemical stability.
“a small church in an isolated site.... the slate roof needs repair and the tower has excessive damp ..… the Condition is Poor and the Priority A - immediate risk of further rapid deterioration or loss of fabric; no solution agreed.”
In this spin- system, the degradation is due to the loss of purity of the reference frame state.
On January 10, they wasted a 17-point lead in a loss to Northwestern despite 24 points from Harris and 17 from Sims.
The wreck of Riilahti lies five nautical miles from the island of Tiiskeri at a depth of 70 m. The loss of Riilahti left the Finnish Navy with a gap in their mine warfare capabilities.
Campbell, however, was not able to beat the count and suffered the first and only stoppage loss of his career.
The Buru babirusa has been assessed as vulnerable on the IUCN Red List, as its habitat is restricted a total area of , and its gradual loss due to logging.
It was Michigan's first home loss to Purdue since 1966.
The animosity created by defeating Rozzoli after thirty years was later touted as a factor in Pringle's own loss of preselection to Ray Williams after only one term; at the time, Rozzoli stated "what comes around, goes around".
He scored the Terrapins' only touchdown on a 39-yard rush in the third quarter of the 52–13 rout, Maryland's worst opening loss since 1892.
Maag Tammeka changed their name to Tammeka following the loss of a major sponsor.
His estimation of the events that compounded the loss of life were: "the fire alarm failed to work, so passengers did not realize that the gas started to displace oxygen in the affected compartments."
note: "Deglutition syncope is characterised by loss of consciousness on swallowing; it has been associated not only with ingestion of solid food, but also with carbonated and ice-cold beverages, and even belching."
His fourth start, the Illinois Derby, was his first loss, where he finished 5th behind 1st-place finisher Recapturetheglory.
captured her on 5 March 1801; she foundered in 1801 or 1802 off Newfoundland with the loss of all hands.
They expected a loss which would be the equivalent of about $2 billion (CDN)."
Despite the loss of Heyward-Bey, the Terrapins retained a great deal of athleticism at the wide receiver position with Torrey Smith, and Ronnie Tyler replaced Danny Oquendo as a reliable third-down option.
When Hideo comes to visit Takiko, he sees Takiko's loss of beauty.
On 1 April 2009, he scored his first goal in a 1–2 loss to Austria in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
As a senior, he started 8 out of 12 games at Will linebacker, leading the team with 92 total tackles, 15 tackles for loss and 9 quarterback hurries.
He scored on his debut in a 3–1 loss against Shrewsbury Town.
On October 20, he threw a 20-yard touchdown pass to Ralph Spry in a loss to North Dakota State.
After a 26-7 loss to archrival Boston College, Whipple's team picked up its first win of the season by defeating FIU by a margin of 21-13.
After a mammoth loss against Sri Lanka by an innings at home, Bangladesh came back strongly in the second Test courtesy of Mominul's hundred.
He made his official debut on 16 March 2013, playing the full 90 minutes in the 0–1 home loss against Beijing Guoan.
. . but I . . . have not generally seen loss of direction in life to respond to nine minutes of treatment with or without visualization.
His best career finishes are a tie for second at the 2012 Honda Classic and a playoff loss to Jordan Spieth at the 2015 John Deere Classic.
Morale was high after a one sided affair in their opening game against England, but Willis experienced his first loss with Wales when the team was beaten 19–0 by an inexperienced Scottish team.
A power outage (also called a power cut, a power out, a power blackout, power failure or a blackout) is a loss of the electric power to a particular area.
White made her senior Football Ferns debut as a substitute in a 0–6 loss to China PR on 10 January 2009.
Gmail also features Autosave — a system for avoiding loss of data in case of a browser crash or other error.
This is when Grubbs realizes that Lord Loss, who he has been afraid of since his parents and sister were slaughtered, was only one of the lesser demon masters, and that the ones that are pouring through at the moment are many times stronger than him.
Grubbs warns him not to step out of line, Lord Loss rebukes him saying he wouldn’t he would be there just to enjoy the misery and he folds his arm as they leave him.
Ricky Stuart, coach of the Australian team, was reported to be so incensed by his team's defeat in the final that he verbally attacked Geoff Carr, the Chief Executive of Australian Rugby League, claiming that tournament organisers and match officials conspired to cause the Australian loss.
After her election loss, La Follette moved back to Newport Beach.
To save its customers from loss, in October 1970, it was announced that it would be merged into Merrill Lynch, which was completed in December 1970.
In the same way, some regions of the world have so-called "brain drain", or the loss of wealthy, skilled, and educated individuals and their families to other countries through immigration, rural and inner-city regions of the United States experience brain drain to sub-urban regions.
However, there was no loss of life or reports of injuries.
In Round 3 of the 1999 NRL season, he made his debut for the Cowboys, starting at  in a 18–26 loss to the Balmain Tigers.
There are two known and recorded avalanche incidents, both caused by human activity, that resulted in the loss of life in the Aneroid Lake basin.
Amber Liarnie Rose Hearn (born 28 November 1984) is a New Zealand association footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club EDF Logroño and the New Zealand women's national team, making her senior international debut in a 2–0 loss to Australia on 18 February 2004.
The season began with a loss to the Boston Militia, 27–22, which snapped the Divas' 32-game regular season winning streak.
The loss of a supply train to Mormon raiders promised hardships for the soldiers as they settled into winter quarters at Smith's Fork nearby.
The Metropolitan Television Alliance, LLC (MTVA) is a group organized in the wake of the loss of the transmission facilities atop the World Trade Center in 2001.
– The Mexican government regretted the loss of lives in a communiqué which also condemned the attacks against foreigners.
Following the loss, Virginia Tech head coach Frank Beamer announced that backup quarterback Tyrod Taylor, who had previously been expected to redshirt and sit out the season, would play in the Hokies' second game, against .
Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate.
Mexico failed to make it past the group stage of the 2015 Copa América, only attaining two draws and one loss.
The station closed in 2003 after nearly 45 years in operation, with a loss of 119 jobs.
With Coach Myers still at the helm the Banshees approached the season with confidence that they could improve upon the previous year, however the early season loss of American quarterback Yenerall and dominant nose tackle Marcus Campbell to the nearby Premiership giants Bristol Aztecs was a major setback.
In the twenty-nine point loss, he recorded fifteen disposals and five marks.
On 24 September 2008, with a 0–1 loss to TSV 1860 Munich in the 2008–09 season's first round, Bayern Munichs unbeaten run of 44 league games came to an end.
Kirchner's list was defeated, however, by the center-right Republican Proposal (PRO) list headed by businessman Francisco de Narváez; the loss in Buenos Aires Province, though narrow, is significant as the province has been considered a Peronist stronghold and had helped maintain Kirchnerism as the dominant force in Argentine politics since 2003.
He was sentenced in the Kings Bench to perpetual imprisonment and loss of property on 1 March 1612, but he was transferred to the custody of the Dean of Westminster and had a grant of his forfeited lands in October 1612.
In response to a 2019 law authorizing the sale of the government's controlling stake in Groupe ADP, Carrez supported a cross-party initiative which called for a referendum to overturn the legislation, citing concerns over the loss of government revenue and influence.
In the week after the Sugar Bowl loss, on January 7, 1990, Bill Curry resigned his position to take the head coaching job at Kentucky.
Metcalf would avenge the loss by defeating Palmer 3-2 to capture his second NCAA championship.
Norway secures a semifinal berth as a result of Spain's loss.
Cardiff began their season with 1–0 loss to Ipswich Town but bounced back with a win at Leeds United before going four games without a win, breaking the streak with consecutive wins over Leicester City and Crystal Palace.
He finished with 1.5 tackles for loss.
National Australia Bank $3 Billion AUD loss on Homeside interest rate model.
1954 - All-Japan Championships (Openweight only) loss
He debuted for the team on 23 August in a 1–0 away loss at Arouca in the Primeira Liga, and scored his first goal for Benfica on 16 October in a 2–1 away win at Vianense in the Taça de Portugal.
The transfer took about 45 minutes, bypassing an expected period of loss of signal by utilizing communications at White Sands, New Mexico.
Morin was acquitted for the loss of his ship on 28 December 1811.
"For a historical discussion of the loss of Common Good land, see Wightman, A. D. (1996).
The king, however, depressed by the loss of his favorite son, assures his wife that Bu has never been a traitor and will not cause them any trouble.
Asquith LJ in the Court of Appeal held that Newman Industries only had to compensate for the ordinary, not the extraordinary loss of profits.
A loss at home, this time to Latrobe, was sustained a week later on October 27.
In principle workers could remove themselves from hazardous conditions without risking loss of employment, but in practice they could not.
The regiment endured the loss of 2 marsouins in Kapisa on April 20, 2011, resulting from a mine explosion which wounded three others.
Many schools now read "Dear Zoe" because it deals with a loss of a family member.
Roller rebounded from his loss to Henderson defeating former Lightweight title challenger Marcus Hicks via unanimous decision on August 9, 2009 at WEC 42.
The Underwriters Salvation Corps of St Louis was created in May 1874  to reduce the loss of property in fires.
Griffin was placed on injured reserve on September 12, after suffering a shoulder injury in the Browns' season opening loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
The book sought in part to promote awareness of the significance and need for such a project in the face of its possible loss of funding.
The SATA models have many problems, including random data loss (such as disappearing partitions).
Planning for a larger institution began due to concern over the loss of northern artifacts and collections, and the need to provide museum services and support throughout the Northwest Territories under a government mandate.
(*) = Loss not credited in US records to MiG-15 action.
Whether the beneficiaries or persons to whom the fiduciary duty is owed suffered any loss by the impugned transaction is altogether irrelevant.
He asserted that the Crown had no proprietary right to the money and as such had suffered no loss so as to receive restitutionary damages.
The loss of Tarapacá generated popular discontent in Peru and in Bolivia, resulting in the deposition of Mariano Ignacio Prado and Hilarión Daza, who were replaced by Nicolas de Pierola and General Narciso Campero.
FEU overcame UST Tigresses which gave them their opening day loss, while La Salle beat the Adamson Lady Falcons in a rematch of their third-place playoff in the Shakey's V-League.
The National Tax Foundation calculates these numbers to determine a predicted $1 billion loss for states.
The intended recipient, Heyward-Bey, dropped the ball but managed to recover it for a loss of six yards.
Redden earned his nomination after what was said to be an "outstanding" performance in a narrow loss against St Kilda.
Cramer was cut from the UFC after his loss to Riddle.
His final match was a 1–0 loss to Arminia Bielefeld on 11 May 2013.
One significant issue that has the potential to alter bird species composition at Quinebaug Woods is the loss of eastern hemlock trees from hemlock woolly adelgid (HWA).
She was wrecked without loss of life on 26 October 1819 in the Kent Group in Bass Strait.
A case study published in 2012 examined and identified a colony loss incident in Switzerland, surveyed by the Swiss Bee Research Centre in October 2009, as the first case of CCD outside of the United States.
Some aircraft were badly enough damaged to amount to the loss of the aircraft and crew.
A postwar German study offered no explanation for U-66s loss, although British records suggest that she may have struck a mine in the Dogger Bank area.
In 2005, he was the third leading tackler on the team with 61 stops and he started seven of nine games and also had three tackles for loss, five passes broken up and three fumbles recovered.
PTCH2 (Val147Ile) is a loss of function mutation which results in a lack of control of cell growth during development and links it to macrostomia.
In the semifinals, he led the team to overtime against #20 Syracuse, setting a new career-high with 22 points and he also had 6 rebounds, 3 assists and 3 steals in the 74–69 loss.
April is the warmest month of the year and due to environmental changes such as loss of tree cover, summer begins with spikes of warm humid weather.
Gerber Memorial offers diagnostic imaging, including CT and MRI scans, home health services called Gerber Home Care and a physician-led medical weight loss program.
While Ament through his own personal initiative was able to rescue the ABCFM missionaries at Tungchow, there was still significant loss of lives.
With the loss of Inner Mongolia and the Imperial Mongol Seal, the Mongols had to search for a new source of authority.
Farrell played for the full 80 minutes in England's second 2015 World Cup match, a 25–28 loss to Wales, scoring 20 points after failing to miss any kicks for the second straight match.
Interpolation ensures that objects will move between valid positions only and will produce good results with constant delay and no loss.
Loss of trademark rights
Sophomore right-winger Rick Blight scored four goals in a 9–5 loss in Pittsburgh on opening night and continued to lead the team in scoring throughout the season, finishing with 68 points.
Six days later, he tied the all-time record for NBL games played in a loss to the Hawke's Bay Hawks.
Huggins emphasizes strength training and as a result Alexander went from 210 pounds to 230 pounds and has often remarked that the training allowed him to avoid fatigue and weight loss.
Despite the loss of most business, there was still a handful of shippers that continued to reliably ship by train from an industrial park located in the northern part of Milwaukie along the Portland city boundary.
Thousands of years ago, Arceus, a Pokémon believed to have created entire worlds, saved this world from a meteor storm and nearly died with the loss of its sixteen Life Plates.
To date, several agents have been studied; unfortunately, no treatment appears to be effective in preventing or stopping the hair loss.
If the stem cells and sebaceous gland are destroyed, there is then no possibility for regeneration of the hair follicle, and permanent hair loss results.
Following the loss of the SS Andrea Doria in 1956, she was put into the North Atlantic service in February 1957 before returning to her usual Genoa-South America route in 1960 after the new SS Leonardo da Vinci was in service on the North Atlantic route.
Such a process is compared to how dogs have been domesticated from what was a common ancestor with wolves, resulting in a loss in health and vibrancy.
In his view, however, the most striking of the phenomena, which he later recounted to the researcher and author on the subject Harry Price, was the loss of a French dictionary which was later thrown on the floor of his bedroom in the night.
Fought shortly after the capture of Constantinople and the remnants of the Byzantine Empire by the Ottomans, it resulted in the loss of several Venetian holdings in Albania and Greece, most importantly the island of Negroponte (Euboea), which had been a Venetian protectorate for centuries.
A rich, bittersweet spectrum of love and loss, based on true stories.
During sepsis, the resulting fever can raise BMR by 55%—and cause a 15% to 30% loss of body mass.
Subsequently studies, whilst emphasising the potential importance of unresolved loss, have qualified these findings.
During the third counter-insurgency operation, the Ustaše and Germans killed hundreds of Serb civilians in the villages, resulting in a loss of support for the Partisans among the population.
In intrastate play, the Farmers recorded wins over Johns Hopkins, St. John's, and Washington College, and a loss to Western Maryland.
From late 1976 to 1979 he went on an 11-fight winning streak, which included avenging his loss to Gorosito via a ten rounds decision (this was the only bout in the streak that went to the distance) and knocking out US Olympian Duane Bobick and former Muhammad Ali opponent Richard Dunn.
The loss was Michigan's first in five Rose Bowl games.
Sintim ended his rookie season with a total of 20 Tackles (14 Solo, 6 Assisted) 1.0 sack and 1 tackle for a loss in 11 games.
Emmons published his first book, The Loss of Leon Meed, in 2005.
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass is a commonly chosen revision technique,  particularly in patients who have not been successful in meeting their weight loss goals after stomach stapling, gastroplasty, vertical gastric banding, or laparoscopic-adjustable gastric banding.
In the 1974 movie Murder on the Orient Express, the Swedish missionary Greta Ohlsson (Ingrid Bergman) wears a Saint Christopher medallion, the apparent loss of which causes her to panic before boarding the train in Istanbul, although she finds it shortly afterward.
Newcastle's retreat from Hull and the loss of Gainsborough had completely changed the situation in the Midlands.
The Indians were 8–3 in the regular season and won the Pac-8 title by two games; their only conference loss was at rival California in the Big Game on November 21.
Within the skeletal tissue is observable progressive loss of weight of denervated muscles as well as reduction in muscle fiber size and quantity.
Ron's 12 pound weight loss in week 14 was displayed as −9 due to his weight gain the previous week.
Meanwhile, Bob is disappointed and concerned for Mike due to his lack of significant weight loss.
Helen won the competition, with the highest percentage of weight loss in Biggest Loser history: 54.47%.
After a hard-fought 38–35 loss at Rose Bowl-bound and 12th-ranked UCLA in week 10, the Cardinal traveled to Berkeley for its eleventh game.
In the corporate world, ineffective and suboptimal group decision-making can negatively affect the health of a company and cause a considerable amount of monetary loss.
In exchange for Hungary's agreement to the conditions set out in the Vix Note, the Allies promised to lift the blockade of Hungary and to take a benevolent attitude towards Hungary's loss of territory to Romania, Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia.
The primary threats are habitat loss and alterations, but to lesser extent also pollution and killing by fishermen.
Both loss and gain-of-function mutations in PRC2 components have been identified in various human cancers, suggesting complex roles of these components in malignancy.
Dolan eventually won the match 5–2 to reach the final, where his run ended with a 6–3 loss to Phil Taylor.
A 3–1 home victory over Chelsea saw Delap score two goals and increase his tally to five, while it was just two games later when he scored against eventual champions Manchester United in a 2–1 loss at Pride Park.
The loss was the first for the Longhorns, costing them a possible national title.
The conflicts in Libya have caused much damage to the Libyan infrastructures and a collapse in investments, with a loss of approximately 150 billion euros.
Post war the company experienced financial problems, in part due to loss of overseas export customers to American companies.
A 55,000-strong Ottoman army commanded by Albanian Pasha of Scutari Ibrahim Pasha was decisively defeated with heavy casualties and the loss of nine guns by Karađorđe Petrović's 30,000 Serbian rebels at Deligrad in Serbia.
His obituary stated that Barnet Burns was better known as Pahe-a-Range, the New Zealand Chief, that he had suffered a long and painful illness and that he left behind a widow and two children to lament their loss.
Parkinson's disease is a common neurological disorder characterized by a degeneration of dopamine neurons in the substantia nigra and a loss of dopamine in the putamen.
During this phase, a personal health coach reviews the client's medical history and food journal as well as recommends a meal plan with natural health products to optimize healthy weight loss.
On November 22, 2009, in his 10th game, Wood fractured his tibia and fibula in the fourth quarter of an 18–15 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars, after Jaguars defensive tackle Montavious Stanley ran into Wood's leg.
| 1993-04-17 || Loss ||align=left| Patrick Smith || 1993 US Sabaki Challenge – Finals || Denver, United States || Decision ||  || 
The community collapsed in 1994 due to financial problems incident to the loss of property in an accidental explosion.
In his senior year, he also recorded 19 tackles for loss (TFL), four sacks, one interception, and one defensive touchdown.
In the 1980s in San Diego, California, J. David & Company, a purported currency and commodity trading and investing operation named after its founder, J. David Dominelli, a withdrawn and shy currency and commodity trader, was revealed to be a Ponzi scheme which took in $200 million and returned $120 million to investors, leaving a net loss of $80 million.
This will cause a decrease in the ability of the soil to form stable aggregates and a loss of soil structure and tilth.
Papy later signed for Premier League of Eswatini club Malanti Chiefs, making his debut for the club on 3 February 2019 in a 2–0 Ingwenyama Cup loss against Mbabane Highlanders.
The loss of cytochrome P-450 and monooxygenase activity seen on incubation of liver microsomes with ANTU is likely the result of the covalent binding of atomic sulfur to cytochrome P-450.
 The University of Kansas basketball team would win three NCAA championships (1952, 1988 and 2008), but suffered its worst loss of all time on this evening in Lincoln, Nebraska, falling to the University of Nebraska 48–8.
The catch helped the Eagles advance to the Divisional Round against the New Orleans Saints, where Tate had two catches for 18 yards in a  20-14 loss.
Fourth-ranked Miami traveled to Seattle the next week and senior QB Marques Tuiasosopo threw for 223 yards and ran for 45 as the Huskies handed the Hurricanes their only loss of the season, 34–29.
Distressed by his nation's loss of the war, and by his religious compunctions against killing, he shot himself to death on 31 December 1918.
The Wall Street Journal quoted Mizer's response: "I really am at a loss for words.
With the loss, Tennessee would fall to 0–3 for the first time since the 2006 season.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional loss to the Jaguars, the Texans stayed at home for a Week 4 duel with the Oakland Raiders.
Of the £20,000 damage caused to Victorian Railways by the 1939 fires, the Noojee trestle was the most serious loss, with repairs taking several months.
On February 5, 2016, he had a season-best game with 30 points, 9 rebounds and 8 assists in a 115–110 loss to the Denver Nuggets.
Dembélé then scored his first goal of the season on 8 October 2016, in a 3–2 loss against Doncaster Rovers.
There are also SNPs associated with loss of function of the Pitx2c gene (involved in cellular development of pulmonary valves), responsible for re-entries.
This failure was traced to a leak in the booster engine gas generator that caused thrust section overheating and loss of engine thrust, and it occurred a mere five hours after John Glenn's Mercury launch, driving home the point that Atlas was still far from a reliable vehicle.
With the loss, not only did the Vikings fall to 11–4, they also surrendered homefield advantage to the Saints.
Following a tough overtime loss to the Cowboys, the Chiefs flew to FedExField for a Week 6 interconference duel with the Washington Redskins.
What could have been a memorable comeback ended in defeat with the Packers suffering their first loss of the season 31–24 to bring their record to 1–1.
With the heart-crushing loss, the Packers closed out their season with an overall record of 11–6.
With the loss, Oakland fell to 2–7.
Following a close loss to the Colts the prior week, the much-hated Steelers came to town for a rematch of last year's AFC Championship Game.
In November, the 6–2 Patriots traveled to face the undefeated Indianapolis Colts; with a six-point lead late in the fourth quarter, the Patriots tried to convert a 4th and 2 situation inside their own 30-yard line but failed, setting up a Colts touchdown and the Patriots' third loss of the season.
The loss gave the Patriots 10–6 record for the season and also gave the Texans their first winning season in franchise history, at 9–7.
With the loss in the 1–8 battle, Cleveland fell to 1–9, assuring a last-place finish in their division.
With the win, Cincinnati improved to 3–1, and, with the Baltimore Ravens loss later that day, tied the Ravens for first place in the division.
He took the loss in game 4, ultimately ending the Orioles season.
With the loss combined with the Eagles win over the Redskins, the Lions were officially eliminated from postseason contention.
Others have suggested a second tip loss term to account for the reduced blade forces at the tip.
On the way up, a failure of part of the capture vehicle caused the loss of , including the sail, of the TO.
Because of the loss of the Oshawa arena, the 1953-1954 season was played in Bowmanville.
The loss to Ohio State cost Iowa their No.
With the loss, the Redskins fell to 2–3.
Later, the Japanese naval prison ship Montevideo Maru was sunk off the west coast of Luzon in the South China Sea on 1 July 1942 after she was torpedoed by the submarine USS Sturgeon, resulting in the loss of 1,035 lives, most of them Australian civilians and prisoners of war from Rabaul.
Ayman was one of five Al Jazeera journalists arrested and briefly detained by Egyptian authorities the following day, after the network refused to cease broadcasting upon the loss of their accreditation.
During his three seasons at Celta de Vigo Geli, who would again reunite with Irureta in his final year, played in 61 top flight matches, but also struggled with injuries and loss of form.
In October 2011, he was deprived of his Georgian citizenship "according to Article 32 of the Georgian Law on Citizenship" (which lists grounds for loss of citizenship including "accept[ing] citizenship of another state"), shortly after he had announced his intention to form a political party to challenge Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili.
This loss was somewhat counterbalanced by the commissioning of the refitted cruiser .
Hoping to rebound from a tough loss to the Patriots, the Bills would play their Week 2 home opener in an interconference duel with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
With the loss, Buffalo fell to 4–8 overall and 1–2 since firing Jauron.
With the loss, the Eagles placed second in the NFC East, as the Cowboys won the division title by means of a tiebreaker.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 1–1.
After a frustrating wait of seven weeks, many false starts, and the loss of all his luggage and journals, Black decided to travel north overland to Rio de Janeiro.
The loss was widely blamed on controversy over AWS.
He also made a feature film, "Pathar Kay Sanam", but it failed to gain a public response and experienced a financial loss.
The loss of revenue, some 600,000 gold pagodas, was felt in Mysore, and several months later, in August or September 1724, a large army was sent from the Mysore capital Seringapatam to Coorg.
This rope was attached to ballast, so that it would also be activated automatically in the case of a catastrophic loss of ballast.
The stairways quickly became chimneys for the smoke and flames, leading to the greatest loss of life on the third and fourth floors.
In his first professional and Major League game, he hit a double as a pinch hitter off Johnny Marcum of the Boston Red Sox, collecting his first run batted in during a 12–8 loss at Sportsman's Park.
He was unable to control the baseball due to rain; the 5–2 game was called after six innings as a result, giving Neuer his second loss.
*Includes one loss in overtime (in the round robin)
Despite an early loss, she rose to a new career high of No.
s.34(2): where a warranty has been broken, it is no defence to the insured that the breach has been remedied, and the warranty complied with, prior to the loss.
Harmful conditions are defined as those conditions that can cause death, injury, illness, damage to or loss of systems, facilities, equipment or property, or damage to the environment.
However, his return was short-lived when he suffered a knee injury in a 1–0 loss against Plymouth Argyle in the FA Cup Campaign.
Hoping to rebound from their disappointing home loss against the Eagles, the Falcons remained at home and prepared for an NFC South rematch against the undefeated New Orleans Saints, with Matt Ryan still injured.
A family with abundant 8363G>A mutations of MT-TK in their muscle samples exhibited symptoms of encephalomyopathy, sensorineural hearing loss, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
The line was already running at a loss six months after it opened.
He finished the loss with three catches for 82 yards.
It is mainly threatened by the loss of its habitat, particularly changes in local hydrology, but it is also sometimes wild-harvested for use in cultivation.
(See: loss of phonemic ĥ and the section preceding that for examples of assimilation which do not affect the written language.)
Because of the high profile of this catastrophe and loss of life, the National Transportation Safety Board started investigations in the immediate aftermath of the failure.
The Cheetahs moved to the British National Gridiron League the following year, but were affected by the loss of their two American coaches.
The extrinsic sources of loss come mainly from crystallite scattering and impurity absorption.
On December 9, 2012, Cook caught three passes for 20 yards and a touchdown before exiting during a 27–23 loss at the Indianapolis Colts due to an injury.
Rookie Graham Zusi filled the void out wide in right of midfield and was exposed in the opening loss to Toronto to then rebound in the second match before being sidelined with his own injury, a hamstring strain that would keep him out for all of April.
Dallas fell to 8-4 with the loss.
Though program officials were aware that switching from the belt-fed M249 would result in a loss of suppressive fire capability, Charles Clark III, of the Marine Corps' Combat Development and Integration Office, cited the substantially increased accuracy of the M27 as a significant factor in the decision to replace the M249.
12 Denver (5/13) in the first round of the NCAA Tournament; and won one-of-three face-offs in 8-5 loss to No.
In two other starts, Bronstad gained a no-decision June 18 against the eventual American League champion Chicago White Sox, but absorbed his second loss six days later against the second-division Kansas City Athletics, despite again allowing only three earned runs, this time over six innings.
Hudson first took charge of Bahrain in a 2–1 friendly loss to Kuwait in September followed by wins over Malaysia and Yemen in November, which secured Bahrain qualification for the 2015 Asian Cup.
In his 2008 season, he scored all but one of his point after touchdown attempts and was a part of Ohio State's 2009 Fiesta Bowl game, a loss to the Texas Longhorns.
They met the Boston Celtics in the Eastern Conference Finals, taking the first two games, before losing the next three, including one home loss where Bosh returned from the injury.
Obama later said about his loss to Rush "I got my rear end handed to me" and acknowledged his own hubris.
Their only loss in that span was against the Minnesota Vikings on a last-second, 32-yard touchdown from QB Brett Favre to WR Greg Lewis.
Georgia Tech ended the 2008 college football season with a 9–4 record under first-year head coach Paul Johnson, including a share of the ACC Coastal Crown, a win over Florida State, rival Georgia Bulldogs, and a 38–3 loss in the 2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl.
After losing to Hydra in a Young Lions Cup qualifying match on August 14, and then Hydra taking the fall in a trios match two nights later, Donst attacked Hydra following the loss, becoming a rudo in the process.
Johnston had bowled the most overs of any bowler on the tour and his loss would have meant a heavy workload for his remaining colleagues.
The tourists then reached 17 without loss by stumps.
Hill 2018 revenues were reported as $429 million a decrease of $55 million from 2017, with an operating loss of $21 million for the year.
This allowed Serbian peasants who were small landowners, at the time often victims of property loss due to predatory lending, to have at least  of land (out of the total land which they owned) they could always count on as remaining in their possession.
Recipients of cochlear implants for hearing loss are more at risk for pneumococcal meningitis.
Roberts, who became the Saints' second head coach midway through the 1970 season, was fired August 27, two days after a 31–6 loss to the New England Patriots in the fourth exhibition game.
In season 3's "Fresh Blood," the Winchesters come up against a vampire named Dixon who is trying to create a new nest following the extermination of his old one by hunters and the loss of his daughter.
Greatest loss margins (by wickets)
On December 12, he had a season-best game with 10 points and 10 rebounds in a loss to the Westchester Knicks.
He returned to the starting lineup on 14 November 2012 in a 1–2 friendly loss over Romania.
However, being able to install untrusted third-party software can cause data loss and malware.
On 7 April, he scored the equaliser through Manuel Neuer's legs, but his goal couldn't prevent a 2–1 loss to Bayern Munich.
With the loss, the Buccaneers fell to 0–4.
According to MGM records the film earned $783,000 in the US and Canada and $842,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $333,000.
Oregon State marched to the Cougar five, but Booker Washington's run on fourth-and-one was stopped for a loss.
He started the game and allowed four runs in six innings to pick up the loss.
While Sekhar and Meena are mourning for their loss, Thyagu gets rescued by a fisherman and the shock of falling from the cliff has given back Thyagu the partial use of his legs.
The line never operated at a loss.
Tumor alopecia is the hair loss in the immediate vicinity of either benign or malignant tumors of the scalp.
 Alopecia totalis: concomitant loss of facial and skull hair
Autoimmune causes of hair loss may put patients at risk for other autoimmune conditions such as hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and vitiligo.
With the loss, Carolina fell to 0–2.
Defeated in his bid for reelection to the Pennsylvania House in 1913, Maurer came back from the loss to win election to two more terms, in 1915 and 1917.
England batted for the second time, and after lunch on the fourth afternoon, Bradman set fields to restrict the scoring, as England passed 100 without loss.
They fell to 6/31, effectively seven down with Loxton unable to bat, before scraping home without further loss, although both batsmen at the crease survived chances.
In addition to high profile, threatened species such as the northern spotted owl and snowy plover, even many common species—including Oregon's state bird, the western meadowlark—have declined considerably due to hunting, habitat loss and other factors.
Five days later, he made his debut, in a friendly loss against England.
The trunk has a handsome, flaking bark of mottled greys with tans and reds, giving rise to its other common name, the lacebark elm, although scarring from major branch loss can lead to large canker-like wounds.
That victory was followed by a 7-14 loss at Mississippi State, a team that would finish the season with a 9–2 record.
In Week 13, he recorded a season-high tying five solo tackles during a 35–28 loss to the Denver Broncos.
In the 2008 Gator Bowl loss to Texas Tech, Simpson had 170 rushing yards on 20 carries, including a 96-yard touchdown run.
On 19 December 2008, management at the plant announced the loss of 37 jobs.
Mexicans and Indians in the annexed territories faced a loss of civil and political rights, even though the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo promised U.S. citizenship to all Mexican citizens living in the territory of the Mexican Cession.
With the loss of German toys on the American market during World War I, toy manufacturing in the United States began in earnest.
Rutgers began their season with a loss to #3 Penn State 20-17.
He closed the year with four tackles, including a sack for a 4-yard loss, in the win over Iowa in the 2014 Outback Bowl.
Most of Thomas's troops had been at the disastrous loss at Chickamauga and had suffered taunts by Sherman's and Hooker's newly arrived forces.
As a result of this loss, Chambers teamed with David Beebe and the two founded the United States Aircraft Insurance Group, the nation's first aviation insurance company.
Despite a tight 1–0 loss to Canberra in the semi-final it was a successful season with Steph Catley, Ashley Brown, Brianna Davey and Katrina Gorry all making their Matildas debuts while Catley and Brown won Footballer of the Year (Australian Football Fan Awards) and W-League Young Player of the Season respectively.
A loss late in the season to California ended their potential chances of a Rose Bowl berth, and UCLA was invited instead due to their head-to-head victory over the Wildcats.
The loss to UCLA proved to be the only one for the Wildcats in the season.
After absorbing an initial $17 million loss in the frozen foods sector, Francis was able to turn a profit for General Foods in this very important market.
Jaime's greatest game was his only loss that year but was in double overtime against Elvis Grbac - 1988
United suffered their fifth loss of the season on 19 December, losing 3–0 to Fulham at Craven Cottage.
As a junior in 2010, Bowers recorded 67 tackles, 26 tackles for loss and 15.5 sacks.
(2) Professional DHH revoicers are used by individuals whose speech disabilities were caused by early severe or profound bilateral (both ears) hearing loss who wish to speak in their own words and with their own voices.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Saints, the Rams went home for an NFC West rivalry match against the Arizona Cardinals.
2 seed, Rutgers, after an 11–10 loss.
With the loss, the Cardinals began their season at 0–1.
San Pedro de Alcantara sank in a storm on February 2, 1786, at approximately 10.30 PM, off Peniche, on the Portuguese coast, with the loss of 128 people.
Head coach Doug Pederson opted to rest Bradham for the Eagles' Week 17 loss to the Dallas Cowboys.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional home loss to the Cardinals, the Seahawks flew to Cowboys Stadium for a Week 8 showdown with the Dallas Cowboys.
Their loss at Mississippi ended a 22-game winning streak for the Terrapins.
The Renault R29 is a Formula One racing car designed by the Renault F1 Team, with which they contested the 2009 Formula One World Championship (originally as ING Renault F1 Team, then, following loss of title sponsorship from the ING Group after "Crashgate", Renault F1 Team).
Duke's last loss in Durham, North Carolina, was more than four years prior.
His debut came on 2 April 1950, in a 1–5 away loss to Spain for the 1950 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Ferreira debuted for the Portugal national football team in a 2–3 loss against France on 28 January 1940.
He made his debut for the club on 23 November, starting in a 1–0 away loss against CD Mirandés.
Hatsukoi Loss Time (2019)
Wilson also played the worst game of his career in 2016, throwing 5 interceptions in a 38–10 loss to the Green Bay Packers during Week 14.
Moved to the bullpen in July, he continued to struggle, allowing all four batters he faced to reach (they all would score) on July 21 in a 16–5 loss to the Los Angeles Angels.
As of 2006 it was in danger of loss to development, and efforts were underway to save and restore it.
Mandate that the cost of the modification must be less than the estimated foreclosure loss.
The punter held onto the ball and attempted to run, but Brown tackled him for a 12-yard loss.
In 1942 she was torpedoed and sunk with the loss of all crew.
Whittaker tossed the final two innings for the Athletics on July 6 at Shibe Park in Philadelphia's 9-4 loss to the Detroit Tigers, whose lineup featured Hall of Famer Ty Cobb.
Some land masses are moving up or down as a consequence of subsidence (land sinking or settling) or post-glacial rebound (land rising due to the loss of the weight of ice after melting), so that local relative sea level rise may be higher or lower than the global average.
The beginning of the empire is usually taken as the reign of Gustavus Adolphus, who ascended the throne in 1611, and its end as the loss of territories in 1721 following the Great Northern War.
Conflicts in countries like Burundi and Rwanda have cost their governments an annual economic loss of 37% and 32% of their GDP respectively.
In the 17-14 loss to the Colorado Buffaloes, Sanders rushed seven times for 30 yards and also caught a reception for no gain.
The 8,205 GRT liner—the largest ship sunk by U-28—was en route from Sydney to London when she went down, but was spared any loss of life in the attack.
On October 22, 2017, Ayers brought down his first sack of the season, dropping Tyrod Taylor in a 27–30 loss to the Buffalo Bills.
On 1 November, he scored the only goal for Dortmund in their 2–1 away loss against their rivals Bayern Munich.
This, in turn, causes the loss of some carbon dioxide, so addition of mild carbonation was introduced.
Now let's consider what happens when this NAV calculation results in a small monthly loss, such as -0.01%.
The total clockwise head loss in loop 1-2-3 is .
It is not especially effective as a long-term weight loss diet, although portion sizes are strictly controlled.
The continued tactical use of the cavalry charge resulted in the loss of many troops and horses in fruitless attacks against machine guns.
He ranked third on the team with 84 tackles including 7.0 for loss.
Their last loss during that league season was a 0–2 away defeat to Málaga.
Despite great hazard, the operation was conducted without the loss of a single American life.
Loss of function of agouti signalling protein can permit unmediated eumelanin production, producing a uniformly black-to-brown coat color.
In 2010, an opening round win over Steel City was followed by a loss to Gotham Girls Roller Derby to put them in the third-place game again, this time beating Boston 162-128 to finish third and qualify for WFTDA Championships for the first time.
If I love Tamil, it is because I am aware of the advantages I expect through it and the measure of loss that will occur by the absence of it".
That began an 11-match losing streak, including a three-set loss to Sorana Cîrstea at the Australian Open.
It is surrounded by a complex asymmetric circumstellar envelope (CSE) caused by its mass loss.
The last time might have been a series of outbursts observed in 1840–1860, reaching mass loss rates much higher than our current understanding of what stellar winds would allow.
Peru reached the next World Cup finals in Spain 1982, although the team was eliminated in the first round after 2 draws and 1 loss.
 "Amnesia" (Random Access Memory Loss Mix) (8:50) (remix by Philip Steir)
Because of this, he trained the rest of his body to an incredible level of athletic ability and did everyday stuff using his hands to compensate for the loss of his ability to walk.
Saints lost their third game in six as they crashed to a 26-10 loss at Hull KR.
In 1941 the 1st Cavalry Brigade, part of the Mobile Corps, performed a 600-mile dash from Galicia to the Donetz Basin that ended in the loss of most of its motor vehicles.
Administrators confirmed on 28 August 2013 that "they had received no offers for the business on a going concern basis", and would be closing the last 18 stores by mid-September 2013, with the loss of the remaining 126 jobs.
This indicates that severe interface chemical reaction occurred and resulted in the loss of transparency in glass appearance.
On 16 January 2016, Kirchhoff made his debut for Sunderland as a 58th-minute substitute, in a 4–1 loss against Tottenham Hotspur.
He made his Maltese Premier League debut on 18 August 2013 in a 1–0 loss against Hibernians F.C.
On April 8, 2015, he returned to action after missing 11 games with a knee injury to record 19 points and 10 rebounds in another loss to the Celtics.
Osteoarthritis is a degenerative disease of the joints characterized largely by central loss of cartilage and compensatory peripheral bone formation (osteophytes).
Among humans, taste perception begins to fade at an older age because of loss of tongue papillae and a general decrease in saliva production.
There are programs in cancer care, bariatric weight loss, renal dialysis, laparoscopic surgery, orthopaedics, gerontology, and sleep medicine.
This draws more water from the condenser, perhaps to the point of being dry and starving the boiler resulting in a loss of propulsion.
She also phoned the city government, which ordered the immediate closure of all theaters in the city to prevent loss of life from any further collapses.
After serving a one match suspension, Astori returned to the starting line–up against Cesena on 18 December 2010, starting the whole game, in a 1–0 loss.
They finished the season with a record of nine wins, one loss and two ties (9–1–2 overall, 5–1 in the SEC), as SEC champions and with a victory over Miami in the 1986 Sugar Bowl.
In a letter to the judge, Toots Hibbert wrote "I continue to suffer from extreme anxiety, memory loss, headaches, dizziness and most sadly of all, a fear of crowds and performing.
Factors that can cause a small frequency drift over time are stress relief in the mounting structure, loss of hermetic seal, contamination of the crystal lattice, moisture absorption, changes in or on the quartz crystal, severe shock and vibrations effects, and exposure to very high temperatures.
In Otto's command the Austrians reported a loss of 9 officers, 228 men and 208 horses, the British six officers, 156 men and 289 horses killed, wounded and missing.
Retrograde amnesia is defined as the loss of memory of events and experiences occurring prior to an illness, accident, injury, or traumatic experience such as rape or assault.
The findings were consistent with the idea that "remember" responses, unlike "know" responses, are accompanied by memory for episodic detail, and that the loss of memory for episodic detail over time parallels the conversion of "remember" responses to "know" responses.
In June 2014, Richman posted a photo of his newly svelte physique on Instagram and boasted about his 70-pound weight loss, adding the hashtag "#thinspiration".
There are several genetic mutations implicated in Parkinson's disease, including loss of function PINK1  and Parkin.
The second loss dropped them out of the AP Polls for the remainder of the year.
The situation further deteriorated when Liverpool failed to win a single match in October, and while a victory over Aston Villa at the start of November gave hope that the club might have turned the corner, it was followed by a humiliating 4-2 loss to strugglers Lincoln City.
The first leg in Bitola was won by six goals, but the second leg in Berlin resulted in a loss by seven points 22:16 and 13:22 (35:38).
In 2001 sales were only CHF 3.4 million, and the company made a CHF 14.5 million loss.
He transferred to Collingwood in 1979 and played his last league game in their 1980 VFL Grand Final loss, which he started on the interchange bench.
The loss was his second straight getting him released from his UFC contract.
Together with Dahlström, she finished fourth, but they avenged the loss a fortnight later when they claimed Forus Open in Norway.
In the Divisional Round against the Seattle Seahawks, he finished with 49 rushing yards in the 23–15 loss.
While at Collingwood, Dean was used as a wingman and it was in that position that he appeared in the famous 1970 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton.
Episodic memory loss is most likely to occur when there has been damage to the hippocampus.
It manifests as a condition called atopic dermatitis, which is characterized by itching, biting, hair loss and face rubbing.
In 2004, scientists reported a loss in sugar kelp of up to 80% at Skagerrak and 40% at the West coast of Norway.
Smyers made himself quarterback and Scott was the center and one informal game was played, a loss to Shadyside Academy in 1889.
The animals may have eaten the plant at times, but they mainly damaged the land by trampling the soil, which led to soil compaction, loss of topsoil, and erosion.
On 5 June 2015, Grella scored his third goal of the season in a 4–2 loss versus the Houston Dynamo.
Coming on as a half-time substitute for Cristian Melinte, he scored in the 5–3 loss to league leaders Internazionale.
The rule of law known as the rule in Bain v. Fothergill  (where, in an action for breach of contract for the sale of land because of failure of title without fraud, the plaintiff may recover his expenses but not consequential damages for loss of the benefit of the bargain) was abolished.
The loss had major playoff implications for the Browns, who dropped to 6-7, although the Browns would have still missed the playoffs even if they won the game.
He made his debut for the team on December 15, scoring 42 points, eight assists, and six rebounds in 42 minutes during a 127–131 loss to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
After going down to Gold Coast United the week before Sydney were keen to avenge their 1–3 loss earlier in the season to Newcastle at home at the Sydney Football Stadium.
One successful example of water loss reduction is the first phase of the KfW-supported program in Nablus: the frequency of supply for 8,000 inhabitants in the Rafidia neighbourhood was increased from every 4 days to every 2–3 days.
After serving a one-game suspension, he was back in the starting lineup for the 5 March clash against Portuguesa Santista, scoring a penalty kick for the team's lone goal in a 1–3 loss.
For the next few months this caused friction between Gail and Sarah and moved out with Bethany along with Todd to live with  Bethany's paternal grandmother Brenda Fearns (Julia Deakin) until she suffered an mental illness due to  her grieve the loss of her son Neil Fearns (Paul Holowaty).
Some common threats to this turtle include habitat loss, negative interactions with humans, such as being killed by cars or boats or dying after biting fish hooks, and indirect threats such as threats to their food sources.
The 54-year-old Pierce was badly injured, with burns on 18 percent of his body, two broken bones, the loss of his left eye and damage to the right.
In the Super Bowl, Suh recorded two tackles in the Rams 13–3 loss to the New England Patriots.
Thinking about The Game constitutes a loss, which must be announced each time it occurs.
The rivalry between King Vikrama Pandiyan's and Shaheed's supporters slowly fizzled, due to the huge loss of life sustained in the war, including King Pandiyan, as well as the capture of Bouthiramanickapattinam.
The book discusses consuming 100–400 calories per day in a flavorless food such as  extra light olive oil  one hour outside of mealtimes as a method of appetite suppression leading to weight loss.
The tournament was a 16-player event, and he was eliminated from the tournament after an upset loss to the lowest ranked player, GM Daniil Dubov in the first round.
It was testimony to her professionalism that, in spite of her intense workload and personal loss, she produced a book that sold well.'
Despite the sustained growth in 2010, it was not enough to cover up the loss of 2009.
Human impacts, such as the fragmentation of forests, may cause large areas to lose the ability to maintain biodiversity and ecosystem function due to loss of key ecological processes.
Merchants expressed confidence that the mall would survive the loss although it might become a discount mall.
No injuries were reported, but the building was declared a total loss.
Revere's most personally challenging moment of his Civil War career came after the Battle of Chancellorsville when 'blame' was being assigned for the Union Army's loss.
His debut in the Football League followed as a late substitute for Richie Partridge in Chester's 2–0 home loss to Rochdale on 3 February 2009.
Lymphoma Fever, weight loss more than 10% body weight in preceding 6 months and drenching night sweats which constitutes the B symptoms, lump in neck, axilla or groin.
The Luftwaffe Generalquartiermiester reported a loss of 687 machines with 420 totally destroyed, 220 of them on the northern sector.
Seminole people respect times of loss.
Raised in November 1979 and moved to an anchorage nearer to Bangkok but sank again a total loss.
Ignoring these rules can lead to the loss of something precious from within.
In the quarter-finals, they fell to Manchester United after a 4–0 away loss.
Emilia views this loss as a punishment, particularly after finding out she is sterile, and cannot move on with her life by having more children.
Hospice Savannah also provides bereavement care and counseling for up to 13 months after a loved one's death through its Full Circle Grief and Loss Center.
on the last day of the season, a loss that ended hopes of lasting the whole season undefeated at home.
Record low average home attendance figures of 2,738 inevitably caused a financial loss on the season, though costs were being reduced.
The following day, Sabian made his Chikara singles debut in a loss to former ally Jigsaw.
The Convention on Cluster Munitions also provides the following definition of cluster munition victims: " (...) all persons who have been killed or suffered physical or psychological injury, economic loss, social marginalisation or substantial impairment of the realisation of their rights caused by the use of cluster munitions.
Furthermore, comparing with the SWCNTs, as graphene has a 2D structure it should have much smaller non-saturable loss and much higher damage threshold.
Vedepo avenged his prior loss, winning via rear-naked choke submission in the first round.
Aoustin has a false wooden hand made to replace his loss.
UB-47s next success came a week later, on 11 October, when the 5,002 GRT British steamer Crosshill was sunk west of Malta with the loss of four men.
In 1959, Joe Loss and his Orchestra, with singers Rose Brennan, Ross MacManus and Larry Gretton, became the resident dance band at the Palais.
| 2007-02-25 || Loss ||align=left| Lamsongkram Chuwattana || Thunder & Lightning 10 || London, England  || Decision || 5 || 3:00
One of the smallest countries in Africa, Burundi's land is used mostly for subsistence agriculture and grazing, which has led to deforestation, soil erosion and habitat loss.
While he didn't feature in their 32–34 loss to  in their opening match, he did play off the bench in their next match against , scoring a late try in a 34–16 victory.
The show ended when she was a young adult, she lost a couple of pounds from her weight loss, her diet and exercises, and she graduated from college.
A hydraulic pump malfunction led to loss of pressure to the second stage attitude control thrusters, causing the launch vehicle to tumble out of control and break up in the atmosphere.
Declared a constructive total loss.
There is a real threat of erosion and loss of unique knowledge of folk medicine, because young people are no longer interested in maintaining them.
The first international game for Ireland in the Aviva Stadium was a 1–0 friendly loss against Argentina on 11 August 2010.
Even then, the Tigers would have probably operated at a loss, but one small enough that it could be made up for by the team's backers.
While Trump did not feel that she was to blame for the loss, her blatant dishonesty and disdain for the project as a whole was enough for him to realize she would be unsuitable for his organization.
He is the son of an archbishop, and suffers the loss of his twin brother, Thies.
The 3,409-gross register ton British steamer was carrying a general cargo from Glasgow for Alexandria when she went down with the loss of three men.
Spix's red-handed howler is currently listed as a Vulnerable species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, based on a population decrease of over 30% over the past 3 generations, mainly due to habitat loss.
Fixed exchange rates impose a price discipline on nations with higher inflation rates than the rest of the world, as such a nation is likely to face persistent deficits in its balance of payments and loss of reserves 
De Vita made his Cheltenham Town debut two days later, coming on as a substitute for John Marquis in the 83rd minute, in a 1–0 loss against Burton Albion on 27 September 2014.
The most common way for LEDs (and diode lasers) to fail is the gradual lowering of light output and loss of efficiency.
Chafee had previously served three two-year terms as governor in the 1960s; his administration was celebrated for championing public transportation and environmental conservation, but ended in a surprise reelection loss to Democrat Frank Licht after Chafee both reversed his anti-income tax stance and had to lessen his campaign efforts due to family matters.
Irish linebacker Toryan Smith stuffed Wolf Pack running back Vai Taua for a 1-yard loss on fourth-and-1 and also logged a sack.
A group of anticoagulant proteins called A. caninum anticoagulant proteins (AcAPs), which inhibit a range of blood coagulation factors such as Xa, are used by A. caninum to help in the feeding process by preventing clotting and increasing blood loss.
This defeat successfully blocked the southern expansion of Etruscan influence and marked the beginning of territorial loss in southern Italy.
The final game of the trip was a 13–4 loss to Princeton.
However, its most defining feature is its greatly enlarged orbit, which forms a massive orbitotemporal fenestra with the loss of several post-orbital bones, including the postfrontal and the postorbital, and the reduction of several others.
He earned his first career Major League win pitching 8 innings as Randy Johnson opposite for the Giants received his 1st loss after winning his 300th game.
A 2–1 defeat at the San Siro on 24.02.10 is compounded by a 1–0 loss at home in the second leg, with Samuel Eto'o scoring the only goal.
Betty clumsily but earnestly attempts to console Adrian after the loss their baby.
He received the first loss of his MMA career via controversial split decision.
The Fighting Irish closed the season with a 19–0 loss to USC and a 13–12 win over Army.
After a sloppy 10–3 loss to NC State in Raleigh, North Carolina during messy conditions due to Hurricane Matthew, Kelly publicly called out his starting center over "poor snapping and atrocious play".
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 17–13–3.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Georgia Tech to 18–15–3.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Auburn to 9–10–1.
Alabama then closed the season with a 40–0 loss in the Iron Bowl against eventual national champion Auburn.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Tennessee to 18–18–5.
He made his return, in a 2–0 loss to Groningen on 20 February 2010.
In his senior year, he was moved in and out of the lineup, registering 26 tackles, including five for a loss, for the season.
Some two months after UB-12s presumed loss, she was credited with the sinking of her final ship.
Despite the loss Biggs was reselected for all three games of the 1893 tournament, all under the captaincy of "Monkey" Gould.
On 29 September 1942, Sillett was serving on the HMS Registan with the rank of Able Seaman when it was torpedoed by  140 miles east of Barbados, with the loss of 11 crew members and 5 DEMS gunners.
 In 2020, the Group recorded revenues for €405.5 million, ending the financial year with a loss of € -34.562 million.
Seattle started June with a 1–0 loss at Chivas.
On the other hand, genetic testing has potential downsides such as genetic discrimination, loss of anonymity, and psychological impacts such as discovery of non-paternity.
Arrived on 21 June at Falmouth still on fire she was declared a constructive total loss and scrapped in December 1959 at Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht, Netherlands.
The green-colored cells indicates a win; the yellow-colored cells indicates a tie; and the red-colored cells indicate a loss.
The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets entered the 2009 season after a 2008 campaign that saw them finish 9–4, including a season-ending 38–3 loss to the LSU Tigers in the 2008 Chick-fil-A Bowl.
Canada had 6–0 wins over Jamaica and Panama, two wins over Costa Rica (2–1, 4–0), and a 2–1 loss to Mexico that cost the Canadians a spot at the Olympic Games.
Taylor made her Football Ferns debut in a 0–2 loss to Australia on 26 March 1989 and ended her international career with 22 caps to her credit.
Olivia and Natalia are drawn closer because of Rafe's suffering over the loss of Gus and the troubles caused by his actions.
Every game played against league teams resulted in a loss.
The 1920 team only played in one game that counted in the standings: a 45–0 loss against the Rock Island Independents.
Ancylostoma tubaeforme infection may lead to dermatitis, anemia, weight loss, and pulmonary lesions.
Her work deals with the parallel themes of memory and loss.
The advantages of an active antenna compared to a passive antenna and a separate amplifier is that the (low) signal can be amplified before it is subject to loss and/or interference in the cables and connectors between antenna and amplifier.
Their intended destination had been the West Indies, but the loss of ships and men stretched the French fleet almost to breaking point, and raised questions about the viability of the invasion.
Under a microscope, this appears as a homogeneous, pink hyaline thickening at the expense of the vessel lumina, with loss of underlying cellular detail.
The study found that terminating the corridor at Bandra would result in an estimated loss in ridership of 40%, which would make the project financially unviable.
The show eventually closed at a "monumental financial loss," with John Kenrick noting that "Spider-Man Turn Off the Dark sold tickets, but rarely covered its ponderous weekly running cost."
That season was the Friars' best to date; led by Ernie DiGregorio and the troubled center Marvin Barnes, the team went on a 17-team game winning streak that ended in a Final Four loss to Memphis State.
In week 16 against the Dallas Cowboys, he brought down Tony Romo for an eight-yard loss on third down that forced the Cowboys to punt.
This included the loss of Spanish colonies in the Americas, and the Spanish War of Independence, the war that led to the French invasion in May 1808.
Campbell made her senior Football Ferns début in a 0–3 loss to China on 14 November 2006.
In Week 10, he collected a season-high four combined tackles in the Bengals' 3–24 loss to the Cleveland Browns.
The loss came in his Pancrase debut where he was handled by Japanese fighter, Miki Shida.
He made his competitive debut in the UEFA Cup match away at CSKA Moscow on 26 February 2009, a 2–0 loss (3–1 aggregate).
After a 37–0 defeat of the Purdue Boilermakers, Wisconsin was ranked for the first time since their loss to Ohio State.
They also work against yeast, by binding to the potassium transporter and facilitating in the loss of azole-resistant species.
Amplification subsequent to reverse transcription results in loss of strandedness, which can be avoided with chemical labeling or single molecule sequencing.
The New Jersey Devils and Washington Capitals clinch playoff berths as a result of Florida Panthers 3–5 loss to Buffalo Sabres.
Drake made a one-night return to the ring with Top Rope Promotions on May 26, 2005, teaming with Spike Dudley in a loss to Chris Venom and Mike Bennett.
The MacLeans and their confederates no doubt felt themselves justified in executing signal vengeance upon their enemies, for the treachery displayed during the Battle of Traigh Ghruinneart, and the loss there of so distinguished a chief.
After he took the loss in the Marlins' first game after the All-Star break, dropping his record to 5–6, he strung together seven consecutive wins.
He made his first MLS appearance since 2010 on October 31, 2012 against the Colorado Rapids, a 2–0 loss despite Deric making 7 saves.
In Week 17, Dunlap collected a season-high six combined tackles and was credited with half a sack during a 24–16 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
About this time the rebels made a charge upon the Union right, which was repulsed by the 115th, who sent the enemy back over their works with heavy loss.
He finished his career at Southwestern Louisiana with 243 total tackles, 28 tackles for loss, four sacks and six interceptions and had his number was retired by the school.
After a further two-year break, he returned in 2005 to beat Raman Sukhaterin and then again in a loss to Oliver McCall.
The loss of two MOBA works to theft has drawn media attention and enhanced the museum's stature.
Ended up stranded on an inshore reef and declared a total loss.
On 17 October 2021, Rodriguez made his debut for Al-Rayyan, in a 3–0 loss against Al-Duhail.
Biomass production is subject to a range of sustainability constraints, such as: scarcity of arable land and fresh water, loss of biodiversity, competition with food production, deforestation and scarcity of phosphorus.
The selectors kept faith with Blake for the rest of the tournament, but Welsh fortunes dropped after the England game, with a loss to Scotland and Ireland.
The subsequent court martial honorably acquitted Lieutenant Wood for the loss of his ship.
The Predators were the last team to record their first regulation loss of the regular season.
Gambling odds to win the series moved to 5:4 in favor of Chicago following the Browns' game 3 loss.
Even though Argentina had shown strong form in the year leading up to the tournament (winning 10 of 13 Test matches plus a one-point loss to France), the opening-game win was regarded as an upset by the media.
Waqa returned to first grade in round 19 against the North Queensland Cowboys in the Storms' 20–16 loss at AAMI Park.
He played in the final two First Division games of the title winning 1984–85 season: a 4–1 loss to Coventry City at Highfield Road and a 2–0 defeat to Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
| 2015-11-14 || Loss ||align=left| Fabrice Aurieng || La 22ème Nuit Des Champions || Marseille, France || Decision || 5 || 3:00
on September 29, 2002, during a 2-0 loss to CF Monterrey.
After the split in 1847 and 1848 which had led to the loss of all state offices, Barnburners and Hunkers now combined again and nominated a Democratic ticket.
"Flensburg" describes the loss of the driver's license.
While the wireless truck was able to continue the loss of the Breda's firepower was a setback to the unit.
Blaine had briefly joined the Cheerios when it looked like New Directions would be disbanding after their Sectionals loss, and cheerleading coach Sue (Jane Lynch) blackmails Blaine into rejoining; Blaine and Sam hatch up a plan to bring Sue down from the inside.
Turner had a tackle for loss and had an interception in the 2016 Pac-12 Football Championship Game vs. the Colorado Buffaloes.
In the postseason, Owens played in the NFC Championship Game, a 28-24 loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
The playoffs started with Houston's first series victory in 5 years by defeating the Los Angeles Clippers, before an elimination by the SuperSonics during a game 7 overtime loss in one of the classic postseason series in NBA History.
| 2013-04-06 || Loss ||align=left| Gökhan Saki || Glory 6: Istanbul || Istanbul, Turkey || TKO (punches) || 2 || 0:18
After their defeat in the First Punic War, Carthage was overwhelmed by the loss of important markets and by the tribute it had to pay Rome as compensation for the war.
Handing Northwestern their only blowout loss of 2009, Penn State was shut down by Northwestern's offense for the first 40 minutes of the game until they finally got some momentum late in the third quarter, scoring three rapid fourth-quarter touchdowns to give the game an appearance of being a much easier win for Penn State than it really was.
W - L - T - Victory - Loss - Draw;
The strike led to Miniger's loss of control over the company.
Smith was criticized for his riding and admitted he had made a tactical mistake that may have caused the loss.
It is a type of lipodystophy disorder where the magnitude of fat loss determines the severity of metabolic complications.
Familial partial lipodystrophy, also known as Köbberling–Dunnigan syndrome, is a rare genetic metabolic condition characterized by the loss of subcutaneous fat.
The panels are then wired together in parallel, so even the failure of one of the panels or microinverters will not lead to a loss of power from the string.
A sentry spotted two men behaving suspiciously and raised the alarm, the barracks were evacuated shortly before the bombs exploded therefore preventing certain loss of life.
Raised on 2 August 1972, declared a total constructive loss but repaired and returned to service.
After several attempts and the loss of two boats, they made a successful crossing to the island in October and journeyed across it to the depot.
The multi-aspect ratio sensor cuts down on the loss of pixels so the pixel count for each aspect ratio is as close to 12 megapixels as possible.
Delattre notes that the position of Númenor in Tolkien's Middle-earth is curious, being "at once marginal and central", not least because in The Lord of the Rings, the glory of Númenor is already ancient history, evoking a sense of loss and nostalgia.
As manufacturing, travel services, and real estate became South Carolina's strongest private sectors, new residents were attracted to the state reversing a 150-year-old trend of population loss due to emigration.
The loss of the myelin insulation either disrupts or prevents neural conduction along the nerve cell's axon.
Eventually, the SRB did take ownership of Liu's trades, and tried to manage the loss they incurred rather than immediately close the Liu's positions.
Although no suicide note was found at the scene, his brother Bertrand in France received a note shortly after his death in which René-Thierry expressed remorse and a feeling of responsibility for the loss of his investors' money.
Fish mortality is a parameter used in fisheries population dynamics to account for the loss of fish in a fish stock through death.
The loss of Sinai thyme patches adversely affects the persistence of the Sinai baton blue butterfly.
The Cincinnati Reds handed Raffo his final loss.
Kim scored his first league goal for Fagiano Okayama in a 2–1 loss against Consadole Sapporo on 29 May 2011.
Wales were victorious, giving Thomas a final international record of two wins and a loss, but the next season the selectors chose the wing partnership of Cliff Bowen and Bert Dauncey.
The failure to bring the two divisions to their destination without loss contributed to the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters' decision to move Japan's defensive perimeter back by .
The Oilers traveled to Kansas City but came out with a shutout loss.
A fire in 1928 resulted in the loss of a central tower.
By that time, the Taliban frontal attacks had failed with heavy loss, and their supply lines were being interdicted by D squadron HCR, who operated in Mobile Operations Groups in the desert.
She went on to say that it "conveys feelings of urgency and great loss without being self-righteous or preachy."
Business leaders and food producers claimed that the government was forcing them to produce this food at a loss.
External resorption is the loss of tooth structure from the external surface of the tooth.
In 1922, an international arbitration committee awarded the company £830,000 compensation from Germany for the loss of the ship.
Septimiu Câmpeanu played four games at international level for Romania, making his debut in a 2–1 loss against Israel, when coach Valentin Stănescu sent him on the field in 46th minute of the game in order to replace Mircea Sandu.
A week later Smyth threw a 20-yard pass to Kellogg in a 33-13 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
23 April 1959: An Avro Super Trader IV registered G-AGRH crashed in eastern Turkey with the loss of the 12 crew.
Beached near Folkestone but a total loss.
He made his début at Featherstone Rovers (August 1980), scoring in a 12-16 Yorkshire Cup loss.
England bettered Australia's total with 18 balls to spare, reaching 148 runs for the loss of three wickets, with Craig Kieswetter (63 runs) and Kevin Pietersen (47 runs) combining for a 111-run partnership for the second wicket before captain Paul Collingwood hit the winning run.
In 2008, he represented New Zealand Maori, when they played Indigenous Dreamtime team in the 2008 World Cup curtain raiser, playing off the interchange bench in the 34–26 loss at Sydney Football Stadium.
Closures, sackings and loss of patient services has been its traditional negative stance.
After the loss of 's-Hertogenbosch in this siege, his wife's property Oud Herlaer, less than 5 km from the city, came under control of the Dutch Republic.
The subsequent court-martial at Port Royal on 3 September ruled that a sudden change in the current after dark had caused the loss.
He made his NHL debut with the Avalanche the same day in an 8-1 loss against the Edmonton Oilers.
 Weight loss greater than 20 lb (9.1 kg)
He signed with San Francisco in 2012 and made his first career start in the majors, recording a loss.
During his third year of racing, he suffered a major accident, leaving him with major facial trauma and permanent loss of taste and smell called anosmia.
| 2007-05-20 || Loss ||align=left| Nathan Corbett || K-1 Scandinavia GP 2007 || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
As a matter of principle a power source (such as a waterwheel) is installed as close as possible to the equipment that it drives (such as a water pump), to minimise the inevitable loss of power incurred in its transmission.
Despite the loss, Arthur was chosen for the Wales team to face the touring Māoris.
The Prince of Wales pub in Totham South was gutted by fire in 1990 with loss of historic features, but it has been rebuilt and reopened.
He topped that mark with 43 points on December 18 in a 147–144 quadruple overtime loss to the Detroit Pistons.
The Gartner Group estimated that intellectual property loss due to 3D printer counterfeiting could total $100 billion by 2018.
On November 17, he scored a career-high and franchise-best 60 points in a 122–119 overtime loss to the Philadelphia 76ers.
The reason for Haritan's departure was described as mutual, due to Haritan's loss of interest in playing music full-time.
In 1951 Satpuli experienced a massive flood, leading to loss of life and livestock.
Ireland did not win the Triple Crown in 2010 due to a surprise 23–20 loss to Scotland in the final Six Nations match at Croke Park on 20 March, with Scotland avoiding their third "wooden spoon" since 2004 in the process.
The helmeted water toad is a vulnerable species according to IUCN due to capture for human consumption (to a lesser degree also to supply the pet trade), habitat loss, pollution, introduced species (especially trout and African clawed frog) and the disease chytridiomycosis (caused by Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis).
UCLA's 43 match win streak was snapped with the loss.
It was held that Merrett Syndicates was liable to both types of shareholders, as there was enough foreseeability to extend pure economic loss liability to "un-proximate" third parties.
After a large financial loss and declining attendances, optimism was not high at the start of the 1951–52 season.
In the next match she took 0/33 and ended on three not out in a four run loss when her partners were dismissed.
Statistics reveal that denominational membership suffered a net loss of 11% in 1891, most of whom joined the United Presbyterian Church.
BYU would try and bounce back after the loss to FSU.
Marley made his full All Whites debut in a 4–1 win over New Caledonia on 17 September 1972 and ended his international playing career with 12 A-international caps and 3 goals to his credit, his final cap in a 0–2 loss to Iraq on 13 March 1973.
On 16 March 1944, 26 of 43 Bf 110s sent by ZG 76 into battle were shot down; a devastating loss rate.
7./ZG 26 claimed its 30th victory of the war, having suffered only one loss since 1939.
Only II./ZG 26 made an attack, claiming three B-17s for the loss of two Me 410s.
The "Law of Free Birth", and Pedro II's support for it, resulted in the loss of the ultraconservatives' unconditional loyalty to the monarchy.
Quintana returned to the Red Sox for the 1993 season but was still feeling the effects of the accident, including loss of feeling in his left thumb.
The match was a far closer affair than the previous two games, with a failed Irish conversion being the difference between the loss they suffered and the draw they could have taken.
He was the leading rookie linebacker in the nation with 92 tackles, including 10 tackles for loss, and three forced fumbles.
He would play in his only NFL regular season game with the Jets, rushing four times for nine yards in a 20-0 loss to the New Orleans Saints on 26 December 1992.
Most cases of FHH are associated with loss of function mutations in the calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) gene, expressed in parathyroid and kidney tissue.
This tournament had quite a number of notable upsets, including Barcelona's early exit in the round of 16, and Real Madrid's shocking 4–0 loss to Alcorcón, which was subsequently nicknamed the "Alcorconazo" and contributed to Real Madrid's early exit in the round of 32.
In Round 10 against the St George Illawarra Dragons, Croker became the highest ever point scorer for the Raiders in the 16-12 golden point loss at Jubilee Oval.
The commercial, which explores the couple's grief over the loss of their daughter is part of a new Millennium Drink-Drive campaign.
She sank at position  with the loss of all 54 men on board.
Iriondo earned two caps for Spain in as many friendlies, his debut coming on 23 June 1946 in a 0–1 loss to the Republic of Ireland in Madrid.
He also notes the loss of jobs and tourism filming would have created.
The San Antonio Spurs clinch the Southwest Division title and third place in the Conference with a 105–98 overtime win over the New Orleans Hornets, coupled with the Houston Rockets' 95–84 loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
The Hornets need one win or a Suns loss to clinch a playoff berth.
According to the Braak staging, a classification of the disease based on pathological findings proposed by Heiko Braak, Lewy bodies first appear in the olfactory bulb, medulla oblongata, and pontine tegmentum; individuals at this stage may be asymptomatic or may have early nonmotor symptoms (such as loss of sense of smell, or some sleep or automatic dysfunction).
However, Barredos has not been able to contain its population loss as the low investment in urban improvement is evident.
Refloated on 14 July 1958 and sent to drydock where she was declared a constructive total loss.
He participated in a rare St Kilda finals series, kicking two goals in an eight-point semi final loss to Carlton at the MCG.
He scored his first goal for the club on 5 February 2022 in a 2-1 loss to Doncaster Rovers.
He claims that the work only covers the lost estates that were assigned to support the cathedral chapter, but as he describes the loss of several manors that were listed in Domesday Book as belonging to the bishop, the work probably covers more than the author claims.
Following the Labor government's loss at the 2010 state election, Pulford was appointed Shadow Parliamentary Secretary to the Leader of the Opposition (Legislative Council) and Shadow Parliamentary Secretary for Regional and Rural Development.
Vasomotor responses allow control of the flow of blood between the periphery and the core to control heat loss from the surface of the body.
From 2000 to 2004, however, a bad run with injuries and subsequent loss of form limited Santamaría to just 18 games combined (none in his last year), and he retired in June 2004 after 185 competitive appearances with the Castile and León club.
Declared a constructive total loss but repaired.
He made his competitive debut for Montenegro on 11 October 2011 in the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying match against Switzerland, playing full-90 minutes in a 2–0 away loss.
On 17 May 2015, Feyenoord fired Rutten as head coach effective immediately after a 3-0 loss against PEC Zwolle, causing Feyenoord to finish 4th in the Eredivisie and missing out on directly qualifying for the Europa League.
However, this tactic caused a significant loss in the election.
The next version (Mark 24) was exactly the same despite an overall weight loss of the actual gun.
Lake Superior fell to Lakehead in the 1973 NAIA Championship Tournament, marking the Lakers first post season loss not in the Championship game, but rebounded the next day with an 11-3 win over Gustavus Adolphus for the NAIA Third Place game.
In this mechanism, the absence of Ski7 results in the loss of poly-A tail binding PABP proteins by the action of the translation ribosome.
The article reported on the uncertain fate of Aurora Loan Services, which was based nearby, and quoted Lehman's chief financial officer as saying the previous week that, "The majority of our write-downs were in Alt-A driven by an increase in.. . delinquencies and loss expectations."
The Waveland Public Library was a total loss requiring a complete rebuild.
But it was downhill from there, and fewer than 10,000 were in attendance to watch the 1963 edition, with the organizers taking a loss of $40,000.
Free settlement began in 1838, with settlement rapidly expanding in a great rush to take up the surrounding land in the Darling Downs, Logan and Brisbane Valley and South Burnett onwards from 1840, in many cases leading to widespread fighting and heavy loss of life.
The primary aim of conservation is to slow the rate of deterioration, caused by various factors, to the point where the loss of significance, such as historic information and/or aesthetic value can be kept to a minimum (Pye 2001, Ch.
The energy loss reduces efficiency significantly.
The Tar Heels briefly showed signs of life in the first half of the ACC Tournament against Georgia Tech gaining an early lead, but a second-half swoon resulted in a 62–58 loss.
Mainly due to the lack of a suitable alternative, official interest continued in the NS class despite the early reliability problems and the loss of two examples during their first months of service, and a further six were subsequently ordered in November 1917.
At the show Los Hermanos Dinamita were able to hand Los Payasos their second loss ever.
The Irish won by two tries to nil and Griffiths ended his international career with a loss.
As neighboring Württemberg in the 1860s was already planning for the Enz Valley Railway and the Nagold Valley Railway, the local timber industry feared the loss of its ability to compete.
The practice of collaboration — such as sharing distribution to reduce waste by ensuring that half-empty vehicles do not get sent out and that deliveries to the same address are on the same truck — is not widespread because many companies fear a loss of commercial control by working with others.
On April 6, he recorded a career-high 33 points and 20 rebounds in a 120–115 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers, becoming the first player in Thunder history to score at least 30 points and grab 20 rebounds in a game.
Without loss of generality, in linear regression, the new objective function can be written as
Abandoned, declared a total loss.
He was weary of war and espionage in general and bitter by the loss of several friends.
In his last game as a Boilermaker, JaJuan had 25 points and 14 rebounds against Virginia Commonwealth in an 18-point loss.
During the 2004/05 season, a small fight broke out after a 2-0 loss to Hapoel Tel Aviv.
The document also noted that asset prices would need to increase from current market values by 10%, for the government and taxpayers to avoid any loss, taking into account subordinated debt.
Dear Merle and family, We have been deeply saddened by the loss of Comrade Esther.
Mark Robins and Huddersfield Town parted company by mutual agreement after the first game of the 2014–15 season which was 4–0 home loss to Bournemouth, with Chris Powell taking over in September of the same year.
Further ascent and inevitable loss of hydrogen made this ballast insufficient; the only escape route was through bailing out on personal parachutes, provided that the crew could open the awkward hatch.
These strategies include: taking children out of hazardous work environments and placing them in schooling or training programs, giving families stipends to compensate for loss in wages from a decrease in child labour, and raising awareness of the harmful effects of child labour.
The loss of the armored cruiser  during the Battle of Dogger Bank in January 1915 rendered its four reserve 21 cm SK L/45 C/06 guns surplus as no other ships used them.
Fire extinguished on 16 March but ship a constructive total loss.
However, a few days later a different mine misfired, and another attack was repelled with great loss of life among the Dutch and Scottish attackers.
Since Hal Self guided the first Lion squad onto the field on Sept. 29, 1949, through UNA’s playoff loss that ended the 2009 season, the North Alabama program has made a name for itself like few others in the nation.
It produces higher quality alignments and generates reliable E-values without a loss of speed.
A downside to this reaction is that the loss of CH3OH at the anomeric position (carbon-1) results in a mixture of α- and β-anomers.
Individuals who highlight interdependent self-construals want to avoid face loss as much as possible and want to feel welcomed by particular social groups.
In Round 21 against the Newcastle Knights, Dugan played his 150th NRL career match in the Dragons upset 21-14 loss at Hunter Stadium.
The Snow Queen, left all alone, laments her loss accompanied by a melodian.
The total loss of life for Brennero was 18 men killed and 74 wounded, with half of the deaths attributed to exposure to the elements.
Four days later, he had a season-best game with 13 points and 5 assists in a 120–108 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Percy's court-martial for the loss of Hermes concluded that the circumstances had warranted the attack.
A story later highly publicised after the loss states that when the ship was en route down the Thames, a seaman seeing her pass Purfleet said: "It'll be her last voyage…she is too low down in the water, she'll never rise to a stiff sea."
Enough forces were scraped together from existing units and American forces made an unopposed landing on Amchitka on January 12, 1943, although the destroyer  grounded and sank with the loss of 14 lives.
Stevens reported that Carl "perceived this reversion to a more austere style as a loss of face"   Many of the illustrations would somewhat haunt him since it was now the kind of work that was expected of him in certain markets.
The Crows slipped to 6th on the premiership ladder after the loss with a percentage of only 109.09.
He made his debut five days later, playing the last ten minutes of the 2–1 friendly loss against Spain in Madrid after having come on as a substitute for FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi.
Against Texas Christian University he had 2 tackles for loss, one sack, 4 quarterback pressures and 2 passes defensed.
In October 2010, Global Heritage Fund named Damascus one of 12 cultural heritage sites most "on the verge" of irreparable loss and destruction.
Lund made his full All Whites debut in a 2–1 win over Fiji on 19 September 1986 and ended his international playing career with 15 A-international caps and 1 goal to his credit, his final cap earned in a 0–1 loss to Saudi Arabia on 24 April 1993.
 One point was awarded for a win, and one point was taken away for each loss.
The commodore complimented him on his bravery; he replied, "I have no regret for the loss of my ship, since I have succeeded in my design, which was to save the convoy entrusted to my care.
The loss of the banners was recognized by lancers as an infamy.
Manager Ken Macha was fired by Billy Beane on October 16, four days after their loss in the 2006 American League Championship Series.
There are conflicting reports about whether PEX is associated with problems of the heart or brain; one study suggested no correlations while other studies found statistical links with Alzheimer's disease, senile dementia, cerebral atrophy, chronic cerebral ischemia, stroke, transient ischemic attacks, heart disease, and hearing loss.
Following Nebraska's loss to Oklahoma, Nebraska was selected as the Big 12's representative at the 2010 Holiday Bowl, which also chose the Washington squad beaten by Nebraska in September, now 6–6, to appear as the final opponent in the Cornhuskers 2010 season.
St Saviour's church was owned by the RAD, but owing to loss of funding the St Saviour's church and centre closed at the end of September 2014.
LCA-2, for example, involves a loss of function in both copies of a gene known as RPE65.
Despite the loss, Olajuwon was named Tournament MOP.
The concept of Taguchi's quality loss function was in contrast with the American concept of quality, popularly known as goal post philosophy, the concept given by American quality guru Phil Crosby.
Consequently, the mother must accept reality and cope with the loss of her child.
Names such as Gustafsson's former opponent Jimi Manuwa (who moved there after his loss to Gustafsson) and Gökhan Saki.
After Vin Scully left NBC Sports following the network's loss of the Major League Baseball package to CBS, Bryant Gumbel, who was still co-hosting Today at the time, took over as NBC's primary golf anchor.
This setback apparently combined with his loss of the teaching post from the New School, which occurred at about that same time, to drive Watts into a depressed state, and he died three months later.
The genre is actually a subgroup of pastoral poetry, as the elegy takes the pastoral elements and relates them to expressing grief at a loss.
Walt finally reveals the full extent of his role in Jane's death to Jesse in the series' ante-penultimate episode, "Ozymandias", as a final blow after he ordered Jack to kill him, deeming him responsible for Hank's death and the loss of his fortune.
As a result of the mishap, the aircraft was "over G'd," and exceeded its design limit load, thereby nullifying the airworthiness of the aircraft and rendering it a total loss.
On October 20, 2013, Hightower recorded 11 combined tackles (seven solo) during a 30–27 loss at the New York Jets.
On 2 December, he recorded his second two-goal game and first three-point game in a 6-5 shootout loss to the Florida Panthers.
In 2009, it admitted  loss of backups of "over 7,500 customers" in a lawsuit filed against Promise Technology, a hardware provider.
After an eventful trip from the West Indies, the ship was wrecked at Bluff 1881, with no loss of life.
In 1996, Cunningham made his State of Origin debut for Queensland, coming off the bench in their Game III loss to New South Wales.
Traffic officers attend incidents ranging from breakdowns and road debris to road traffic collisions (RTCs) taking the lead command role, except where there is an incident involving loss of life, life-changing injuries or potential criminal activity.
The New York Times reports that more than half of all campers who attended traditional weight loss camps were repeating customers, indicating that most of these campers regain substantial amounts of weight within the first year.
On March 11, Cousins recorded a career-high 6 blocks, along with 13 points and 14 rebounds, in an 89–99 loss to the Detroit Pistons.
He made his debut for the Pelicans three days later, recording 27 points and 14 rebounds in a 129–99 loss to the Houston Rockets.
Cleopatra had 22 killed and 36 wounded, with the loss of her foremast, mainmast and bowsprit.
He took the loss, giving up four runs in five innings of work.
On October 8, he made his first tackle in a game against Bowling Green and ended the game with 5 altogether and one for a loss.
On October 23, 2011, Mitchell made a season-high five solo tackles during the Raiders' 0–28 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
His final game in the NRL was against Cronulla-Sutherland which ended in a 46-12 loss at Shark Park.
As a senior, he was named team captain and posted career-highs in sacks (12, tied for school record), tackles for a loss (21.5, school-record), quarterback pressures (5), forced fumbles (4), fumble recoveries (2) and tackles (65), while being named first-team All-Pac-10.
Quin started in the Detroit Lions' season-opener at the San Diego Chargers and collected a season-high eight combined tackles, a pass deflection, and returned an interception by Philip Rivers for a 31-yard touchdown in their 33–28 loss.
He totaled 72 tackles, 10 tackles for loss, five sacks and one interception.
When drought is unusually severe or prolonged, loss of animals may depress livestock production for several years.
On October 9, 2011, he made a season-high 14 combined tackles (eight solo) and deflected a pass in a 38-17 loss at the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Folsom started six of the 12 games in which he played for the Wildcats as a senior in 2008, recording 76 tackles (27 solo), four tackles for a loss, one interception, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery.
In the AFC Championship against the Denver Broncos, he had 10 receptions for 89 receiving yards in the 26–16 loss.
He also was assisted by Rubio Phillips in dropping UTEP QB Jordan Palmer for a loss of seven yards on 3rd down and 14, forcing UTEP to punt.
Domestically there was the chaos from the Great Leap Forward, while internationally there was involvement in the Vietnam War and loss of foreign aid due to the Sino-Soviet split.
When Dr. Fritz Weyl died on July 20, 1977 the mathematics community considered the loss to be devastating.
Mărăscu had 5 caps for the newcomer Romania, without ever scoring, since his first match, in 1919, a 48-5 loss to France XV, in Paris, for the Inter-Allied Games, and his last, at 22 May 1927, in a 21-5 win over Czechoslovakia, in Bratislava.
Wereldhave sold the building in March 2013 to Lone Star Funds, a Dallas-based private equity firm, for a reported $140.88 million, representing a loss of over $70 million on Wereldhave's investment.
The mission resulted in the loss of the aircraft near Winterswijk, while he and his radio operator managed to save themselves with the parachute.
In 1845 there was widespread loss of the potato crop on which a majority of Irish people depended for a living, resulting in mass starvation and commercial depression, which deepened the following year.
It would be the only loss for the Wolfpack that season.
He fired a single torpedo which struck the liner aft, and she sank within 10 minutes, with the loss of 44 passengers and crew, 3 of whom were American.
He started the Browns' season-opening 27–17 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals and recorded three combined tackles and a season-high five pass deflections.
These are the stories of their sufferings, their personal tales of loss."
The Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Lieberman condemned this violent act and mourn, together with our friends in Azerbaijan, this tragic loss of life of these young people and all the victims of this horrible event.
An electrocyclic reaction is a pericyclic reaction involving the net loss of a pi bond and creation of a sigma bond with formation of a ring.
In the Patriots' first loss of the season, on November 29, 2015, against the Denver Broncos, Gronkowski had to be carted off the field after a right knee injury in the fourth quarter.
Eliminated due to lowest percentage weight loss
Caught fire on 28 March 1954  off Cape Caxine, Algiers and abandoned with the loss of four lives from 1,487 people aboard.
2013 French Open counts as neither a win or loss.
Compared to the 2004 regional elections, in which the PCF had won 185 seats, this represented a net loss.
April 14 – The Cavs close the Regular Season, with a loss against the Atlanta Hawks and a 61–21 record.
Both he and his cousin Cui Ling (崔倰) were blamed for policy missteps that led to the Tang imperial government's loss of control over circuits north of the Yellow River.
While Ponçarë was orderly evacuated on 3 November 1940, the Greek breakthrough at Maja e Kallogjerit the same day resulted in the loss of Cerjë town and the crumbling of Italian defences on the Devoll river.
The club's poor league form at Kenilworth Road, in which only three games out of ten had ended in Luton winning, continued with a fifth home defeat – a 2–1 loss to AFC Wimbledon.
The Táchira helicopter crash was the loss of a Venezuela Army helicopter and its 18 occupants on 3 May 2009.
He later made his international debut in a 3–1 loss against Serbia on 12 August 2009.
For persons with elephantiasis nostras who are overweight or obese, weight loss is recommended.
However, they failed to win a single playoff game in a loss to the Magic in the first round.
Customer data loss incident 
The procedure left him with independently functioning left and right brain hemispheres and two distinct personalities, resulting in loss of conscious control over some of his actions, including those of his left hand, a condition known as alien hand syndrome.
On August 12, 2006, Williams was able to avenge his earlier loss to Gary Goodridge by beating the Trinidadian brawler by unanimous decision in the first round of the K-1 World Grand Prix 2006 in Las Vegas II.
However, the Spartans finished the non–conference season without another loss and a record of 11–3 while ranked No.
After the loss of the first RFA Maine, the Mediator was renamed.
The Whalers finished the month of October with a loss to the Quebec Nordiques on Halloween night.
After their 6–2 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins on February 19, the Whalers fired head coach Don Blackburn, and replaced him with Larry Pleau.
Tax law treats recoveries as "income" when they represent compensation for loss of profits.
It was Philadelphia's eighth appearance in the Finals and their first since , a loss to the Detroit Red Wings.
After recovering his stolen tuning fork sword, he destroys the temple and plunges into the river below to escape, passing out from blood loss.
| 2005-05-14 || Loss ||align=left| Daniel Ghiţă || Local Kombat 14 "Lupta capitală" || Bucharest, Romania || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
defeat was followed by another loss, 1–0 away to Ipswich Town, for who the result was their first win of the season.
This is because mistakes caused by employee silence in these organizations can lead to the loss of life or serious damage costs to the organization.
Her extraordinary powers have led to her sometimes being unable to properly control them, leading to the loss of many innocent lives.
He did so in a 2–4 loss to Philadelphia on March 20th.
Along with the Chippewas, the Bobcats began their season with a loss, theirs coming 16–23 in the hands of UConn.
In November 2010, A4e were fined £60,000 by the Information Commissioner's Office for the loss of the laptop.
Tuckey LJ and Clarke LJ held that Mr Hewison could recover no damages for future loss of earnings.
In late 2013, facing bankruptcy, the loss of a major fuel supplier, and a possible grounding by Italy's civil aviation authority, the airline announced a €500 million rescue package which included a €75 million investment by the Italian state-owned postal operator.
I pronounced decisively that death was inevitable, unless it could be arrested by the operation of tracheotomy, to which I strenuously recommended an immediate resort, as the only expedient that could possibly preserve the life of a man, whose loss every virtuous man in the community would deplore. "
The Vellox crashed shortly after takeoff from Croydon Airport in August 1936 due to a loss of power possibly as a result of some fuel problem.
Along with the pace of national development which requires broader loss insurance protection services for each development process, the government has adopted a policy of business combination.
They scored no hits on the ships, for the loss of four aircraft.
It was recreated on 22 April 1678 for his son and successor Francis Edwardes, with special remainders and precedence back to 1645, possibly due to the loss of the original patent.
This type of hearing aid is primarily suited for people who have mild to moderately severe hearing loss.
Loss and theft are risks.
The loss of the capital Arcot significantly damaged the prestige of Chandra Sahib and his French allies.
He then resigned as Lithuania head coach after a 0–3 loss to England on 12 October 2015.
BBC Music said that "Only Like A Surgeon with its somewhat bizarre sex/hospital metaphors may leave you at a loss for words".
Like many other, larger malls, loss of the anchor caused traffic to dwindle and a chain reaction of smaller stores leaving.
After the election loss, Brown was considered the most prominent Republican in Massachusetts and heavily favored to run in the special Senate election the following year or for Governor in 2014, though he declined to do either.
Everyone involved in Formula Ford in the UK feels his loss, none more so than me and my colleagues at RacingLine and Ford.
Stewart also provides loan origination and servicing support; loan review services; loss mitigation; REO asset management; collateral valuations; due diligence for capital markets; home and personal insurance services; tax-deferred exchanges; and technology to streamline the real estate process.
St Kilda's 38 point win against North Melbourne was followed by a loss to Geelong in round 15 by 23 points.
It earned $190,000 in the US and Canada and $475,000 elsewhere, leading to a loss of $1,415,000.
Chanel also guaranteed the 1920 Ballets Russes production of The Rite of Spring against financial loss with an anonymous gift to Diaghilev, said to be 300,000 francs.
One sad note was the loss during a shipwreck of a large assembly of Italian works, including a Pietá by Sebastiano del Piombo and a series of paintings from the City council of Lucca.
European trade with Morocco had been at the command of Spain, Portugal and Genoa, but in 1541 the Portuguese suffered the loss of Safi and Agadir, loosening their grip on the area.
Marquette would endure another double-double by Moore (22 points, 10 rebounds), in their 83–49 loss to UConn on 7 February.
To accommodate the loss of their existing physician and to not let the damaged Doll go to waste, Topher created the identity Claire Saunders for Whiskey.
The loss of Balsha to the Venetians, however, forced Skanderbeg to continue raiding Venetian territory.
The survey measured only actual under-billed and unbilled amounts discovered by the participants; it excluded other types of leakages such as cost leakages and loss of opportunity leakages, and it excluded projected leakage estimations that are commonly used (i.e., what would have been the amount of leakage, if the leakage would not been discovered by revenue assurance activities).
ANT-009   -  Mark Templeton & aAron Munson - Acre Loss CD+DVD (February 2, 2009)
Meanwhile, Janice's teammates were becoming irritated with her making excuses for her loss, despite her insistence to compete in the challenge.
This is connected to Coleridge experiencing both suffering and guilt over what he described later as his loss of innocence.
 Avan 022: Stephen Drury – Faith, The Loss of Faith, and the Return of Faith
Cogle made her Football Ferns debut in a 1–2 loss to Canada on 31 May 2000, and finished her international career with 18 caps to her credit.
The subsequent court martial of Lieutenant Raffi, who had been wounded at the start of the attack on his vessel, acquitted him for the loss.
Ideally, the time, place and cause of a loss should be clear enough that a reasonable person, with sufficient information, could objectively verify all three elements.
It represents an uncompromising rejection both of thorough-going liberalism and extreme 'modernism', whose logical culmination it sees as relativism, anomie, subjectivism, and the loss of definitive meaning and 'eternal' values.
Despite a loss to Carla Suárez Navarro in the next round, this result put Halep in the top 50 for the first time.
With a loss to the Dallas Mavericks on , the Nets became the first team in NBA history to start the season 0–18.
Following the Noah incident and the temporary loss of her job, Kate decides to "kick-start her life" and spend some time away from Erinsborough.
Z. sociatus can survive desiccation (an excessive loss of moisture) and lower levels of salinity.
The Wizards went on to lose the series in six games despite Wall's 23 points and eight assists in a 102–92 loss in Game 6.
After hitting a season-high of six games above .500, Toronto's run of good form came to a halt after the All-Star break, due in large part to an injury to Bosh which occurred in a Feb. 17 OT loss to Memphis.
A system of this kind exploits the idea of “bringing the projector closer to area of interest and getting the transmission loss down”.
| 2012-11-02 || Loss ||align=left| Nenad Pagonis || W.A.K.O European Championships 2012, Low-Kick Final -91 kg || Ankara, Turkey || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 2:00
As an invasive species in island habitats, Decalobanthus peltatus can completely cover trees, smothering and killing large areas of native forest; the resulting death of trees and loss of forests can cause less food for native birds and fruit bats and can also increase soil erosion, leading to increased sedimentation and death of coral reefs.
He featured, albeit in a brief spell, for a second time in the season against Wakefield Trinity in a shock 22–20 loss.
The Colours of this Battalion are still kept at the church in memory of the loss to the community.
 Loss of concentration and ability to do mental tasks and heavy manual work
In the end, Watford were relegated after a 3-2 loss despite a valiant comeback effort, while Bournemouth went down despite winning 3-1 due to Aston Villa’s 1-1 draw at West Ham.
Croatian sources said Mladenić ordered the bombardment in retribution for the loss of Mukos.
Diminution in value is a legal term of art used when calculating damages in a legal dispute, and describes a measure of value lost due to a circumstance or set of circumstances that caused the loss.
It was held in Beaudesert that "independently of trespass, negligence or nuisance but by an action for damages upon the case, a person who suffers harm or loss as the inevitable consequence of the unlawful, intentional and positive acts of another is entitled to recover damages from that other"
On 28 December 2009, Smalling made his first league start for Fulham, in a 2–1 loss against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in Fulham's final match of 2009 and scored a decisive own goal in the 75th minute of the match.
Following his mask and title loss El Ángel was one of thirty men competing in IWRG's 2013 Rey del Ring ("King of the Ring") tournament but was eliminated after only a few minutes in the match.
 Capital Airlines Flight 75 crashed in Chase, Maryland, on May 12, 1959 due to a weather-induced loss of control.
On 16 October 2011, Glenn made his international debut for the New Zealand in the post-season test game against Australia, starting at second-row in the Kiwis 42–6 loss at Hunter Stadium.
Having been promoted to the first team, Bennett made his first appearance of the 2009–10 season in an away loss at Nottingham Forest in the League Cup, coming on as a substitute in extra time.
It has not been seriously vandalized, abused or neglected… To have this building demolished and replaced rather than adapted and reused would be to suffer a tragic loss due to unfortunate ignorance and misguided hubris."
In 1980 he opposed the choice of Stansted for London's third airport over Maplin, pointing to the loss of agricultural land and the greater investment in housing, roads and infrastructure needed.
| 2008-05-09 || Loss ||align=left| Salko Zildžić || Strugar - Zildžić 2 || Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina || KO (Left Hook) || 4 || 
Coleman led Auburn with six sacks and 10.5 tackles for loss in 2008.
The alien spaceship is also destroyed and in the end everyone gets together to grieve the loss of Musashi.
After the invasion of Forge World Graia by Orks, Imperial military commanders consider various methods to regain control of Graia, especially since the loss of Graia's industrial output has greatly affected local Imperial war-making capabilities.
Airdrie United were knocked out in the first round by Partick Thistle after a 1–0 loss.
However,  both copyright and patent infringement  are possible without an associated trademark infringement,  and both may result in loss of revenue and of brand equity.
Loss of steamboats by collision, fire, or river obstacles (snags) was well understood, but boiler explosions seemed arbitrary and mysterious.
In season three they get married and face challenges including loss and infidelity.
Jackson led Louisville in sacks with nine and tackles for a loss with 16.
During this period and in the subsequent two months, the team's performances became increasingly poor (five points from 30 in ten Premier League matches), with fans citing his loss of focus as putting them at risk of relegation.
In the 2010–11 campaign he made his Primeira Liga debut with Associação Naval 1º de Maio, his first match in the competition occurring on 24 September 2010 as he played nine minutes in a 1–3 away loss against S.C. Braga.
He also took part in England's five-point loss to Scotland at Twickenham and kicked three penalties.
The loss of parity between the navies was partially made up by the arrival at Pondicherry of the 26-gun frigate Elizabeth, another private ship that had been pressed into service in the French fleet.
In the second round of World Championship qualifying, Baird missed the final pink when on a 147 against Adam Duffy and his season would end in a 10–7 loss.
The crew failed to follow appropriate procedure for loss of displayed airspeed information.
The three liners arrived at Sydney on 27 February 1943, completing Operation Pamphlet without loss.
The Astros did not return to the NLCS until 1986 and did not win a NL pennant until 2005, leading to a loss in the 2005 World Series.
On 9 March at Fiorentina, the club also reached the next round of the Champions League although their first loss after the winter break, 3–2, meant that they advanced only on the away goals rule.
Under the right conditions one plant has the ability to spread the disease to an entire field and cause 100% yield loss.
According to one commentator, "[t]ea party conservatives see the GOP loss as a victory for conservativism over mere political party loyalty.
Without loss of generality, x and y can be designated as the two equivalent numbers modulo 5.
Bugs and exploits in obsolete versions of those plugins would affect the user less, as they are phased out; the loss of multiple attack vectors would happen once browser plugins were ultimately removed.
The USACRC website hosts many tools to identify hazards, reduce risk and prevent both accidental and tactical loss.
The loss of the battleship Bismarck and near torpedoing of her sistership Tirpitz in May 1941 and March 1942, respectively, spurred the Kriegsmarine to acquire aircraft carriers.
For the remainder of the Championship Alderson led England to a victory over Ireland, but a home loss to Scotland, the eventual Triple Crown winners of 1891.
Seeking to drop off a payload, they went up a ravine where they tipped over, forcing an intervention and subsequent loss of 20% of their points.
Nithya is shell-shocked and is at a loss of words.
In 2008, he recorded 51 tackles, including 26 solo, 15.5 tackles for loss, and 7.5 sacks.
This was vital to the Spanish war economy, as, since the Napoleonic Wars, the Spanish armed forces had been poorly funded, a legacy of the loss of the majority of Spain's colonial empire.
The aircraft burned to the ground and was declared a total loss.
1 engine, Flight 201/8 was left with only one functioning engine, leading to a rapid loss of airspeed and inevitable stall.
2 engine to compensate for the loss of engine no.
getting the loss, while striking out three.
In the end, The Young Bucks suffered their third straight loss against their rival team.
He rebound from this loss by beating Dmitrij Bezus to take the +91 kg gold medal at the 8th Ukrainian Muay Thai Cup on September 21, 2009.
Wren won his first three fights by knockout before taking his first loss.
With its loss, St Kilda became the first team since Collingwood in 2002 and 2003 to finish runners-up twice in a row.
The accident was investigated by the Civil Aeronautics Board, which concluded its probable cause was the loss of a 5/16 inch bolt which fell out of the elevator control mechanism during the climb from Chicago, resulting in an abrupt pitch up followed by a stall and crash.
Hearing loss can be unilateral or bilateral and can be sensorineural, conductive, or mixed.
Buffalo's offense struggled to overcome the loss of Starks and the up-and-down play of new starting quarterback Zach Maynard while the defense continued to have a hard time stopping opposing teams and could not generate as many turnovers as they did in 2008.
By the final game in the season, Westerman and defensive end William Beckford had a combined 59 tackles, 16 tackles for a loss with 10 sacks.
At the time of her loss, she was 35.8 metres long and had a gross register tonnage of 262 tons.
After a third-round loss at the US Open, Azarenka cracked the top 3 of the WTA rankings for the first time in her career.
According to an anonymous assessor writing for the IUCN in 1998, this species is vulnerable due to over-collection of the seeds, usage as timber, and habitat loss by intensive farming.
An additional factor currently causing the loss of forest cover is the expansion of urban areas.
After its opening in 2003, it operated at a $1 million to $3 million loss through 2008.
Such a collapse could have resulted in the loss of the Channel ports behind the Allied front, leading to a complete strategic encirclement.
As a consequence of this, there has been a chain of irregularities, such as the loss of master tapes of many series formerly distributed by Cloverway, with the Latin American versions being the most affected for this change in distribution.
In 1959, Britavia transferred its entire five-strong Hermes 4A fleet to sister airline Silver City, as a consequence of the loss of another trooping contract to Eagle.
In the subsequent campaign he was used regularly (25 matches, three goals) albeit not an undisputed starter, as the team was immediately relegated back; his debut in the Spanish top flight took place on 19 September 2009, as he came on as a 62nd-minute substitute in a 0–4 away loss against RCD Mallorca.
A "conservative" investment is an investment with a low potential return but a lower potential loss.
Books: Books on pet loss are published regularly.
Several of the economic torts in English law, in particular inducing breach of contract and "tortious interference" (otherwise known as causing loss by unlawful means), have been reviewed and clarified by the House of Lords in the 2007 case of OBG v Allan.
Despite the loss of Kirchoff to graduation, Lafayette's offense continued to excel with Marsh through 1994.
This win ended Harvard's 22-game winning streak; their first loss since October 26, 2013.
With the loss of Terrance West and other experienced players, Towson struggled through the 2014 season.
This time, the Lakers won the series 4 games to 3 for their 16th NBA title and handed Boston its first Game 7 loss in an NBA Finals in team history.
By 1878 the mine was described as the ″surprise of Cornish mining″ because it was making a profit from tin while other Cornish mines were making a loss or closing.
However, Loyola turned things around quickly, catalyzed by a 1-0 victory at the University of Maryland, and went on a 19-game unbeaten streak before a loss in the Round of 16 of the NCAA Tournament at St. Louis.
Following the loss to the Patriots, the Colts went on to post a 12–4 record during the season and win the AFC South for the second consecutive season, with the third seed again in the playoffs.
The report said that Cargill was the dominant company that exposed deforestation to the indigenous tribes, making them vulnerable for the loss of their lands.
On 17 February 2016, in a 1st leg UEFA Champions League game for the last 16, he was the indisputable leader of the defence, despite the 2–0 home loss from the Spanish giants Real Madrid.
The Tom Osborne era at Nebraska began in style, as the Cornhuskers exacted revenge for last year's loss to UCLA by beating the #10 Bruins in Lincoln 40-13.
Although she won that match, it visibly hindered her during her fourth-round loss to Tamarine Tanasugarn.
The service, which ran from Olney to Towcester, stopping also at Stoke Bruerne, attracted no more than twenty passengers a week and the SMJ incurred a loss of £40.
The loss to Vancouver also began the busiest part of the schedule for the Flames, who ended 2009 in the middle of a five game in seven night stretch and nine games in two weeks.
The New York Times reported Somali analysts stating that "the loss of the police chief, Col. Ali Said, would be a major blow to the transitional government led by Sheik Sharif Sheik Ahmed."
Deficit irrigation is beneficial for the farmers because it reduces the cost of water and prevents a loss of crop yield (for certain crops) later on in the growing season due to drought.
The pattern of digit reduction in Limusaurus has been used to support the hypothesis that the three-fingered hand of tetanuran theropods is the result of the loss of the first and fifth digits from the ancestral five-fingered theropod hand, a contested hypothesis which is relevant to the evolution of birds.
In 1970 it picked Texas as national champion on December 8, before the Longhorns' 24-11 loss to Notre Dame in the 1971 Cotton Bowl in Dallas on New Year's Day.
After their first loss of the season to the Phoenix Coyotes, the Penguins embarked on a four-game road trip to complete a series of five games in eight days.
Loss of group coverage for part-time employees
It possesses a graceful skeleton, and the loss of the first digit on its forefeet increases its stride and speed.
The board pieced together a probable sequence of events for the loss of engine three:
As more children become obese, type 2 diabetes—a disease that was once called "adult-onset diabetes" and can lead to blindness, loss of feeling and circulation in the extremities, amputations and death—is found in younger and younger age groups.
Placed clear 4th with +1−0=13, the only candidate without a loss at the event.
It has imipramine-like effects; though, in a double-blind clinical trial against imipramine, dimetacrine was found to have lower efficacy in comparison and produced more weight loss and abnormal liver tests.
After their loss to Auburn, Alabama dropped to No.
EAC avenged their first round loss against AUF with a double-digit win, with Letran had another fourth quarter run to pull away against UPHSD in the endgame.
After the destruction of Neuss in 1586, and the loss of most of the southern part of the Electorate in 1587, Rheinberg and its environs were the only territories of the Electorate he could claim, and much of this slipped from his grasp in 1588.
Playing as a true freshman, Spence was a starter in Miami’s final eight games, and ranked third on the team with 62 tackles to go along with 7.5 tackles for loss, and a pair of sacks.
The plan of attack had included an assault by both the 69th and 89th Infantry Regiments, but the loss of so many boats meant that only the 86th Infantry Regiment was able to conduct the crossing.
Initial campaign against ends in the defeat at the Battle of Myriokephalon, resulting in the gradual loss of territory in Anatolia.
In 2006, the NTSB cited the 1000-Series cars as "vulnerable to catastrophic telescoping damage and complete loss of occupant survival space in a longitudinal end-structure collision".
Another loss followed against the Dublin Rebels, the eventual league winners.
Concerned that Bellerophon, which was close to the developing action, might lose a sail, a loss that Cranstoun would be unable to replace, Cornwallis ordered Triumph and Royal Sovereign to fall back and allow Bellerophon to join Brunswick in the vanguard.
Regeneration Songs: Sounds of Investment and Loss from East London.
Throughout the entire experience, he suffered from hallucinations, nausea, headaches, periods of coma, and a severe memory loss that lasted for four years, whilst the treatments administered by the nurses involved drawing fluid out of his spine with a surgical needle, leaving him with a permanent spinal curvature.
The first term in D'Alembert's principle above is the virtual work done by the non-constraint forces Nk along the virtual displacements δrk, and can without loss of generality be converted into the generalized analogues by the definition of generalized forces
When a player won an attack, they did damage to the victim's Health and suffered a loss of Health to their character.
With the loss of camp Carroll the 147th Marine Brigade abandoned Mai Loc, the last western base and fell back to Quang Tri and then to Huế, the brigade was replaced by the fresh 369th Marine Brigade which established a new defensive line at Firebase Nancy.
A further victory against Fulham put them 12th after six games, but this was their last victory for almost two months - a run which included a home loss to winless Portsmouth.
Sethi urged officials of Cambridge to report the data loss to "appropriate authorities", but the officers alerted no one of the breach.
The train went into a breaking, then began "jerking", and then the supervisor noticed that there was a loss of brake pressure and propulsion power.
Our personal loss remained suppressed, unexpressed...
After being given his first senior international call-up by Josip Kuže on 30 September 2011, Roshi made his debut with the Albanian senior team on 7 October, playing ful-90 minutes in the penultimate UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying match against France which ended in a 3–0 loss.
Despite the loss of the stock, Tyler Toys survives long enough for the microchip to be completed, which sees its first use metamorphosizing the Hairball into the intelligent, interactive Smartball; it becomes a global sensation that sells over a billion units and the signature item of Tyler Toys.
Two days after the loss, cornerback Marcus Peters was traded to the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for linebacker Kenny Young.
After scoring 11 points in 12 games to start the 2011–12 season with the Syracuse Crunch, the Anaheim Ducks' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, Anaheim recalled Holland to play in a 5–0 road game loss against the Detroit Red Wings.
He started in the Seattle Seahawks' season-opener at the St. Louis Rams and collected a season-high nine combined tackles in their 34–31 loss.
It turns out that a necessary condition for setting up a conference with n telephone ports and ideal signal loss is the existence of an n×n conference matrix.
After failing to prevent the loss of Barcelona in 1652, he retired from active service, and died in 1657.
The first ever official match of Mongolia was played at 9 June 2009, for the Asian Five Nations, Division II, in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, with Kyrgyzstan, finishing with a respectable 21–38 loss.
On October 30, 2019, Palmieri tallied his first hat-trick with the Devils in an overtime loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Oscillating waves develop between the inductors, which can allow the energy to transfer from one object to the other within times much shorter than all loss times, which were designed to be long, and thus with the maximum possible energy-transfer efficiency.
They fill in the spaces that have been diminished due to the loss or atrophy of the dendritic terminals.
Nationally, Tarō Asō came under pressure within his party to resign immediately as party president-prime minister, but could avoid a leadership challenge by calling the general election of the House of Representatives early – the election on August 30 resulted in a landslide loss for the ruling coalition.
The controversy resulted in a loss of prestige and influence.
Patients may present with diarrhea, weight loss and halitosis as a result of fecal matter passing through the fistula from the colon into the stomach.
The group suffered the heaviest loss of the 14 October 1943 Schweinfurt–Regensburg mission, and for this reason, was given a Nazi flag found flying in the city when it was captured by U.S. troops in April 1945.
Despite this loss of face Benoist-Méchin was an enthusiastic collaborator who claimed that France was working with Germany rather than opposing her and risking further defeat or working for her and thus becoming subservient.
The Lions season would come to an end in the combined 61–15 West semi-finals loss to Edmonton, but the foundation had been laid for future success.
However, with this loss, the Canadiens failed to become champions during the 2000s.
In 2009, Puch received a call-up from Marcelo Bielsa to play the Kirin Cup, debuting in a 4–0 loss against Japan as a 46th-minute substitute for Jorge Valdivia.
Dirlotapide (brand name Slentrol) and mitratapide (brand name Yarvitan) were authorized for use in the EU by the European Medicines Agency for helping weight loss in dogs, by reducing appetite and food intake, but both of these drugs have been withdrawn from the market in the EU.
The damage was severe, with Cybèle suffering the most with the loss of her topmasts, rendering her slower than the rest of the squadron.
This leads to a loss of aquifer pressure causing lower spring flows.
Despite increasing returns from the Dutch system of land tax, Dutch finances had been severely affected by the cost of the Java War and the Padri War, and the Dutch loss of Belgium in 1830 brought the Netherlands to the brink of bankruptcy.
Marrow made his first Crystal Palace appearance for a year, in a 2–1 loss against Blackpool on 21 January 2012.
However, a 2008 Committee Opinion from the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) advises healthcare providers that concerns about bone mineral density loss should neither prevent the prescription of or continuation of DMPA beyond 2 years of use.
He made his debut in round 15 and played every game for the rest of the year, including the Preliminary Final loss to St Kilda.
They have won titles in 2004, 2007, 2013 and 2018 after their last loss in 1986.
"The grand scale of looted artwork by the Nazis has resulted in the loss of many pieces being scattered across the world."
In the event of a disaster of any kind, a complete breakdown can result in a chaotic situation and enormous loss of life.
On 28 November 2017, Palmer and Harvey fell into administration, with the immediate loss of 2,500 jobs, due in part to low profit margins and problems with working capital.
Among that which was destroyed, the biggest recognised loss was Anna Amalia’s priceless collection of sheet music, consisting of manuscripts and rare prints.
These are to some extent protected by the reserve, but habitat loss continues and the proposed building of dams, which would remove the waterfalls that isolate the endemics from more widespread species in the lower part, potentially represents a serious threat.
 Played 14 matches: 5 wins, 9 loss, 0 draw.
There are two types of periodontal pockets that are determined by the type of bone loss present.
On 9 March 2013, in a 2–1 loss to Spartak Myjava, he scored a goal similar to one scored by Arjen Robben, but during extra time, he missed a penalty, firing the ball into the arms of Myjava goalkeeper Peter Solnička.
In his second big-league start, Rzepczynski again pitched well, but took the loss against the Baltimore Orioles on July 12, lasting 6 innings and allowing 3 earned runs; Toronto lost the game, 4–2.
On 3 August 2011, he scored the only goal for Litex in a 1–3 away loss against Wisła Kraków in the Champions League qualifying match.
Later it was rebuilt resulting in loss of original look and proportions.
Their last match of group play was a loss to the host team, making them the group runner-up.
U.S. authorities hailed the raid as a major symbolic and operational loss for Al-Shabaab, and the Somali government offered a 45-day amnesty to all moderate members of the militant group.
"I Mourn You" once again reflects the loss of the environment in the name of western progression.
Kelly Mawston made her Football Ferns début in a 0–1 loss to Bulgaria on 24 August 1994, and finished her international career with six caps to her credit.
On 3 February 2017, she made her debut in the opening match of the league's inaugural season, which resulted in a 35-point loss to  at IKON Park.
This was the first loss of a Soviet nuclear-powered submarine, which sank in rough seas as it was being towed in the Bay of Biscay of the North Atlantic Ocean.
The Chairman told the prosecutor he was sorry for the loss of his nose, but if he would play with cats, he must expect to get scratched.
He scored 2 goals in the return leg of their second qualifying round match against KS Flamurtari Vlorë which Motherwell won 8–1 and another in the next qualifying round home match, a 1–3 loss against Steaua Bucharest.
In the doubles competition, he partnered with Argentinian Carlos Berlocq to play a four-hour, five-set first round loss to Martin Kližan and Dominic Thiem.
Despite the loss, Roddick finished the year as the World No.
Incomplete loss records show that KG 26 lost at least 40 aircraft (70% or greater damage) from April 9 to June 9, 1940.
When they first meet in the manga, Usagi thinks the roses have a nice fragrance, and late in the anime the sight of them brings her back from temporary memory loss because it reminds her of Tuxedo Mask.
A section of the act also abolished the existing Council of Trade and Foreign Plantations which, with the loss of the American War of Independence, had been dismissed earlier by King George III on 2 May 1782.
 Spirited Migration (At A Loss Recordings, 2009)
Although this trend continues, with common specializations in weight loss, health, or spirituality, a few contributors are becoming more interdisciplinary in their scope.
In Mariner's Cove Homeowners' Association v. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Foundation urged the Court to grant certiorari in a "takings" case when the government refused compensation for the loss of periodic assessments owed to a homeowners' association by property owners whose parcels were taken by the federal government for a flood control project.
Although damages were nominally awarded for the financial loss to the claimant, by the 19th century they tended to reflect more the social embarrassment and stigma associated with pregnancy out of wedlock that was suffered by the claimant.
From the late 1340s onwards, people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts, floods and the resulting famines, and the government's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support.
As a result of the loss of railways and rolling stock during World War II to supply steel for the war effort, demand for railway transportation was so great that some 63 series trains (120 vehicles) had to be supplied to private railway operators in Japan.
Sanskrit moha () means "bewilderment, loss of consciousness, delusion, folly" and comes from the root muh meaning "bewildered, perplexed, confused".
Though it has been equaled since, the loss to Cuba in the first game remains the largest defeat Australia has suffered in Olympic baseball.
Carson's loss is the only time he has lost in a semi-final at National Singles.
On December 28 against the Chicago Bears, the Vikings suffered a crushing 36-30 loss - their second in a row to a team that was not in playoff contention.
During his presidency, Bill Clinton's administration reiterated the same pledge by endorsing and updating the no net loss policy.
Bromism has also been caused by excessive soda consumption, due to the presence of brominated vegetable oil, leading to headache, fatigue, ataxia, memory loss, and potentially the inability to walk as observed in one case.
The Commissioner insisted that the entire recovery was taxable as ordinary gain and that it was immaterial whether the taxpayer had obtained any tax benefits from the loss deduction reported in prior years.
| 2002-12-01 || Loss ||align=left| Lim Chi-bin || 龍PROMOTION I.K.M.F.
Franks went on to play 6 more tests during the 2018 season, including the 9-16 loss to Ireland, with Nepo Laulala establishing himself as Franks' deputy throughout the season.
She says the highest weight loss on TBL ever is 212 pounds, so she wants to lose at least 213 pounds by December.
The principal ship of the expedition, the Karluk, was carried off and eventually crushed by the ice, leading to the loss of eleven lives before a famous rescue.
Latos had a 21-game streak without a loss, extending from August 2012 to June 2013.
Once the county qualified for assistance, a producer had to suffer a minimum loss of 40% in order to qualify for a payment to partially compensate for purchases of off-farm feed.
He finished the year with 30 tackles, including five for loss and also added three sacks and a pass breakup.
| 2010-03-13 || Loss ||align=left| Cosmo Alexandre || Oktagon presents: It's Showtime 2010 || Milan, Italy || TKO (Doc.
Nevertheless, not all of the disposals were made under ideal circumstances, and Adsteam's loss of $4.49 billion represented one of Australia's largest corporate collapses.
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), suffering from a strong loss of popular support, lost 9 seats together with the absolute majority it had achieved in 1983.
However, he recorded his only loss when he surrendered a lead-off, walk-off home run to Pedro Guerrero in the next inning.
Marinović oversaw his first competitive domestic game loss as Sarajevo manager in a league match against his former club Zrinjski Mostar, played on 6 March 2021.
Not long after the title loss, Charles left Los Destructores, who decided to replace him with Rocco Valente instead.
No buyer was found and less than a month later, on 20 November, the company ceased to trade with the loss of fourteen jobs.
He scored 18 points in a loss to Old Dominion University.
Loss of a pawn will therefore typically lose that player 100 centipawns.
On 11 September 2012, Oblak made his first appearance for the senior side, starting in a 2–1 away loss against Norway in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Peach had a career-best senior season in 2008, ending the year with 72 defensive tackles (35 solo), 23.5 tackles for loss, 18 sacks, one pass broken up and one fumble recovery in 11 games (11 starts).
EGR did not receive EPA certification, which led to governmental fines, high warranty costs, widespread retrofits, brand damage and loss of marketshare.
Its goal is "to prevent the loss of life through drowning".
The film recorded a loss of $250,000.
In Guadalajara, Jalisco Marco received his first loss to a future IBF Lightweight Champion, Mexican Miguel Vazquez.
Davies-Patrick made her Football Ferns début in a 0–1 loss to Bulgaria on 24 August 1994, and finished her international career with four caps to her credit.
While Salgado had worked unmasked in Mexico since his Lucha de Apuestas loss to L.A. Park, still worked under a mask in Puerto Rico, until he lost a Lucha de Apuestas match to Ray González to end the storyline feud between the two.
It was Longoria's first loss since May 2011, when - coincidentally - Rajsich also beat her in Stockton.
The Devils in fact won the game 5–4 on the night but it was not enough to overturn the 4–2 loss suffered in the 1st leg in Cardiff the previous week.
According to MGM records the film earned $392,000 in the US and Canada and $131,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $275,000.
Seatrain endured a $13.5 million financial loss in 1978 because of various strikes and a decline in demand for oil tankers.
On 1 August 2014, he made his Angers debut in a 3–2 away loss against Nîmes, also scoring his first two goals for the club in the same game.
Neonicotinoid use has been linked in a range of studies to adverse ecological effects, including honey-bee colony collapse disorder (CCD) and loss of birds due to a reduction in insect populations.
Affleck was towed to port, but declared a total loss, while Capel sank at position .
Contaminants can modify or disturb microorganisms, thus modifying nutrient availability, causing a loss of vegetation in the area.
2007 - Murdered by Mumia: A Life Sentence of Loss, Pain, and Injustice by Faulkner, Maureen, Smerconish, Michael A.
In its third unsuccessful year, the last Edsel automobile was manufactured by the Ford Motor Company, after a loss of $100,000,000 on the program.
The Baga massacre was one of the Nigerian Army's biggest defeats in terms of loss of equipment and civilian casualties.
Anti-shipping attacks against the North African coast were made without significant success and the odd loss.
That was the last loss of Kemp's career.
In the case of freshwater species, the nephridium also resorbs a significant amount of salt in order to prevent its loss through osmosis into the surrounding water.
Maryland businesses also benefit from credits, exemptions and business loss deductions.
In a Week 9 matchup against the San Diego Chargers, he made six combined tackles and intercepted Philip Rivers in a 29-23 loss.
After the Imperial Russian Baltic fleet was mostly destroyed in the Russo-Japanese War of 1905, Russia sought to replace the loss of fleet vessels from 1912 onwards by reinforcing the coastal artillery on the shores of the Gulf of Finland.
Aircraft 66022, call sign Omaha 77 targeted against the Chan Hoa truck park in RP1, had been lost on 28 March with the loss of the crew, Major (MAJ) Hank MacCann and Captain (CPT) Dennis Graham.
A thorough SAR effort was conducted following the loss, again to no avail.
Diggins-Smith made her return on July 25, 2020, scoring 14 points along with 6 assists in a 99–76 loss to the Las Vegas Aces.
While the request was not fulfilled, the Davenport Diocese received Clinton County from the archdiocese to compensate it for its loss, and it gave the diocese its current borders.
On September 29, 2013, Atkins recorded three combined tackles and a season-high 1.5 sacks during a 17–6 loss at the Cleveland Browns.
On 1 September 2013, he made his debut in his new team, against FC Barcelona in an eventual 2–3 home loss.
According to the report of HRW, The patchwork of healthcare coverage in the Trump administration caused the loss of insurance for many women and girls who are at risk of deadly diseases such as gynecological cancer.
Elizabeth Morrison, whose father had died in the 1944 loss, with all hands, of the previous submarine , christened the sub.
Few weeks after the World Championships, Titenis rebounded from his loss by winning two gold medals in the same stroke at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen, China.
None of these tornadoes have caused loss of life and none exceeded F2 intensity.
Frank Staton had the honour of scoring the club's first league goal which came in a 5–1 loss at Aston Villa.
Greg Chappell (1/54), Walters (1/35) and Stackpole (0/33) bowled 54 eight-ball overs between them to make up for the loss of a fourth bowler.
In a loss to the Los Angeles Sparks, Hayes scored a career-high 32 points.
No points for a loss.
With the loss of the crane, GRSE resorted to building smaller 50 t and 100 t blocks (instead of the regular 250 t blocks) with the shipyard’s smaller cranes.
He scored his first goal on his first match, against Paços de Ferreira, in a 2–1 home loss.
In Week 14, he collected a season-high 11 solo tackles during a 20–33 loss against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
While training for the mission he watched on television the loss of Challenger in January 1986; the accident accelerated DoD plans for unmanned rockets, but several NRO payloads only the shuttle could launch were grounded until it flew again, a dilemma NRO had feared as early as the mid-1970s.
Even if not that severe, damage will require postharvest inspection expenditures and some financial loss due to unattractive fruit.
In his sophomore season, Curran started all 13 games leading the team in tackles (115), including a team-leading 10 for a loss and a team-high 3 sacks to go along with two forced fumbles.
After a home blowout loss to the NFC South champion New Orleans Saints, Ponder was injured in each of the final two regular season games, at the Washington Redskins and in the season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The Court of Appeal's decision in Spartan Steel has been criticised, firstly for being based on public policy rather than any legal principle, and secondly because the main public policy ground for their decision (that allowing claims of pure economic loss would lead to countless claims) has never been backed up by evidence.
After the loss of the By election, Newman retired from politics and focused her attention on charitable work.
The 3–0 loss was the last time the Trojans would be shut out until they went on probation in 1983.
He also earned All-American honors by Parade, was a finalist for the High School Butkus Award, and was selected U.S. Army All-American Bowl, where he led the West squad with four solo tackles, including two tackles for loss.
The French Navy long thought that the loss of Protée was due to a surface engagement with a German naval vessel.
He started the Seattle Seahawks' season-opener at the San Francisco 49ers and recorded a season-high ten solo tackles in their 33–17 loss.
As a junior in 2003, he recorded 60 tackles including 15 for loss and nine quarterback sacks.
The Luftwaffe claimed five bombers for the loss of one fighter while none of the German FlaK units claimed a victory.
Brahimi made his debut with the under-18 team on 18 December 2007 in a friendly match against Portugal in a 1–0 loss and later featured in two friendly matches against Germany, one of which was played at the GAZi-Stadion auf der Waldau in Stuttgart.
Latro is given the scroll by a healer who hopes that it will help him combat his daily memory loss.
He played for the under-19s in qualifying for the 2008 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, in a 2–0 loss to Belarus on 1 November 2007, and a 3–0 win over Andorra two days later.
On 27 November 2012, Winnard scored his first goal of the season, in a 2–1 loss against Rotherham United.
resulted in considerable loss to Bosnian Serb life and property ... Bosnian Serb forces controlling the access roads were not allowing international humanitarian aid – most importantly, food and medicine – to reach Srebrenica.
Depending on possible digital rights management, e-books (unlike physical books) can be backed up and recovered in the case of loss or damage to the device on which they are stored, a new copy can be downloaded without incurring an additional cost from the distributor.
The Tigers alternated between win and loss for the remainder of the season, defeating North Texas by a margin of 22–0, losing to Vanderbilt by a score of 13–3, defeating Louisville by a count of 10–6, losing to No.
Next came a 35–7 loss to No.
After a 17–9 loss to Southern Miss in the Black and Blue Bowl, Scherer's squad finished the season with a 31–17 defeat by East Carolina.
After a 38–21 loss to Louisville, Memphis won their next two, defeating Southern Miss by a score of 22–17 and Houston by a one-sided score of 52–33.
After a 28–21 loss to UCF, Memphis finished the regular season with a 45-6 thrashing of Tulane.
After a 24–3 loss to Ole Miss, Memphis defeated Cincinnati by a margin of 41–14.
In the final four of the 2009 European Cup, Blackley was credited with a loss to Fortitudo Bologna.
Despite the loss, there were some individual highlights.
However, loss and degradation of coral reef habitat, increasing pollution, and overfishing including the use of destructive fishing practices, are threatening the survival of the coral reefs and the associated reef fish.
On 28 September 2014, Dawson scored his first Premier League goal for West Brom in a 4–0 home win against Burnley He scored his next goal of the season in a 1–2 loss to West Ham United on 2 December 2014.
After the loss of original members of the Allmans and Lynyrd Skynyrd, the genre began to fade in popularity in the late 1970s, but was sustained the 1980s with acts like .38 Special, Molly Hatchet and the Marshall Tucker Band.
The film recorded a loss of $214,000.
Group claims were 25 enemy aircraft destroyed, one probably destroyed and 17 damaged against the loss of 6 group aircraft.
A tough loss against the Tigers dropped the Eagles down to No.
Thomas registered three catches for 37 yards and one touchdown in the Broncos' 2OT Divisional Round loss to the Baltimore Ravens in the playoffs.
In spite of their loss, Harris and McGillicutty were inducted into The Nexus on Raw the following week.
His final months are plagued by memory and loss, by a bitter sense of his family and his country, who could not live up to the houses he built for them.
Its loss was 23 killed and 33 wounded.
After appearing twice as unused substitute in the league in mid-August, Cameron made his Coventry City debut on 12 August 2009, where he played 15 minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Hartlepool United.
The shell, probably a stray shot, had caused the single biggest loss of the SAS, and had likely been exacerbated by the fact many of the men had been carrying armed Hawkins grenades as they had been about to depart to shore up a defensive line.
However, the team continued to struggle, with an especially tough loss to Northern Illinois at home and blowing a 20-point lead at archrival Utah.
Additionally, some NoSQL systems may exhibit lost writes and other forms of data loss.
His first match was a narrow loss to Wales, a game which saw all 8 English points coming from the forward positions, one try came from Dobson himself, scoring on his debut.
Despite its loss of status of being the national flower, Paeonia × suffruticosa maintains cultural significance.
The KPA, many of whom were recently trained conscripts, were then forced to withdraw for the loss of only four Australians wounded.
The next engagement involving an "A"-class torpedo boat on 22 August against two French destroyers in which A-15 damaged one destroyer but was sunk with the loss of fifteen of the crew of 27, reinforced the perception that the class was too slow and under-gunned.
However, the Norwegian Railway Directorate says the line will not be economically viable, as calculations show a net loss for the state of between NKr 46bn and NKr 109bn.
While Cinderalla conceals the loss of her eye, the Prince announces his intention to marry the zombie woman whom the eye fits.
1 ranking after spending seventy-five consecutive weeks at the top spot and ended his Wimbledon title defence with a first round loss to Ivo Karlović, thus becoming the first player since Manuel Santana in 1967 to fail to defend their title by losing in the first round of the event.
Matthews didn't play again for Wales until March 2018, when he came on as a substitute in Wales' 1–0 loss against Uruguay in the final of the 2018 China Cup.
This example shows how extremely essential is to understand the dynamics of river mouth bars and the physics behind their formation for future discussions of new land development, estuary restoration, as well as mitigation measures for loss of deltaic wetlands.
It describes the loss of innocence that comes with adulthood, along with an attempt, on the part of the singer, to recapture that youthful innocence.
McDaniel sued Vaca for libel and the loss of a land sale.
Under coach Alexis Alexiou, Giannou appeared twice at the European Under-19 Championships when he was substituted on in a 1–1 draw against Italy and started in a 3–0 loss against England as Greece finished at the bottom of their group.
 Loss and grief, through the story of a missing pet dog, and through deaths and funerals in the parish
The turning point for the team was the loss to host country, Tunisia, in the group stage.
Heritage and Miss Verity kiss and she is at a loss what to say further.
Even use of antipsychotic drugs leads to loss of brain mass.
As a result of his plea, he suffered the loss of 250 places on the list of captains awaiting ships.
He is best known for being ordered to sell the Badgers for his role in the 1925 Chicago Cardinals-Milwaukee Badgers scandal, in which four Chicago-area high school football players were employed by the Badgers for one game, a 59-0 loss against the Chicago Cardinals.
The duo would then feud with Goldust and Yoshi Tatsu, which culminated in a loss to Goldust and Tatsu in a match to determine the number one contenders to the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship on the February 9, 2010 episode of ECW.
Andrea and Dale are devastated by his loss.
The Observer noted that it "hinted at the loss and melancholy behind much of hip hop's aggression".
Valtat continued to paint until 1948, when the glaucoma from which he had suffered for several years resulted in the loss of his sight.
Browne's other current project, You Envelop Me, utilizes the elegy to investigate birth and loss within the context of the mourning process.
Giuseppe Garibaldi was sunk by an Austro-Hungarian submarine in the Adriatic Sea shortly after Italy declared war on the Central Powers in 1915 with the loss of 53 crewmen.
Timms scored a try in the loss to Ireland, but was given the honour, in his final international game, of captaining Scotland in the encounter against England.
The album's lyrical themes deal with things including the loss of Musten's father at the age 64 to a heart attack ("Shadow of Death").
The Centre has been involved in significant partnership work with science and heritage organisations, including the Leeds-based Thackray Museum of Medicine, Science Museum Group, Leeds Museums & Galleries, Action on Hearing Loss, BT Archives, Women's Engineering Society, British Library, and National Institute of Agricultural Botany.
It was not until mid-January that Hedwig appeared to investigate the loss of Kingani, which was assumed to have strayed within range of the shore batteries and been sunk.
As a senior in 2006 he had 71 tackles, 23.5 tackles for loss and 11.5 sacks.
603 Squadron RAF in 1947 before it was lost in a crash that year with the loss of Flt Lt Donald James Ott Loudon.
He then made his first start for the club in the Premier League, playing in a 4–2 loss against Blackburn Rovers on 3 December 2011.
On xx, Croft and Sim touch on themes of love, desire and loss in their songwriting, which Croft said has "always been based around emotions, right from the start.
The new stanza describes how someone may have the feelings of wholeness even when there is great loss.
In a week long battle against three U-boat groups, Star, Amstel and later Fink, ONS 5 saw the loss of 13 ships, for the destruction of six U-boats, and the disabling of 7.
Goldman called Peter's loss of the Connors's and Eddie's trust "a very well done, classic Peter Parker-can't-win scenario" and that the episode did a "great job" blending the normal and Spider-Man parts of Peter's life.
Purtscher's retinopathy can lead to loss of vision, and recovery of vision may occur very little.
In A Rake's Progress, the loss of Tony Tough's innocence, as well as his beloved dog Pantagruel, coincides with him developing into a private detective.
It remained in use as an inn into the mid-20th century despite the loss of stagecoach traffic to the railroads in the decades after its construction.
He would rebound with a win over Michal Nieroda on January 26, 2013 before avenging his loss to Abraham and regaining the WBO super-middleweight title with a fourth-round knockout on March 23, 2013.
As a result, local villagers have been indirectly forced to move out and relocate depending on the extent of the loss of the plants and animals native to the area.
He pitched a complete game but took a loss.
In Week 3, he collected a season-high seven combined tackles in a 26–16 loss at the Buffalo Bills.
Following Matt Orford's departure before the start of the 2010 Season, Foran started at halfback in Manly's round 1 22–26 loss to the Wests Tigers at ANZ Stadium.
"Falling Overboard", on the loss of HMS Bounty during Hurricane Sandy, "Paris Review", November 2012  
Rajeev, on the other hand, is facing a great financial loss in his business and has not been able to earn much and relies on Anjali's earnings.
The tarsus of adult pterygote insects having fewer than five subsegments is probably specialized by the loss of one or more subsegments or by a fusion of adjoining subsegments.
At the 2018 Asian Games, India lost to South Korea 23–24 in the group stages - this was the Indian team's first ever loss in their history at the Asian Games.
He then scored again on 19 September 2015, in a 3–2 loss against Sheffield Wednesday.
Following his return from Portsmouth, Mendez-Laing made an appearance for Peterborough as a substitute in a 2–1 loss against Nottingham Forest.
Mathers acknowledged that the cartoon had become increasingly mature and dark, which had caused reader confusion and loss of his younger audience.
Stout played in all three Tests against South Africa, which resulted in two draws and a loss.
This was due to the loss of three U-boat aces in March, and British Intelligence penetration of the U-boat Arms Enigma code after April.
He led the team with 89 total tackles, including three and one-half for loss (minus 5 yards).
He made his first league appearance on 28 November, in a 0–2 loss to Charlton Athletic, before going on to make six consecutive league starts, his longest run in the team to date.
Ruiz made his debut with the first team on 6 December 2009, starting and being booked in a 4–0 home loss against Racing de Santander.
On 27 February 2002, he scored a goal in a 1–2 loss against Panathinaikos in the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League, at the age of 17 years and 241 days.
The TEEB study was launched by Germany and the European Commission in response to a proposal by the G8+5 Environment Ministers in Potsdam, Germany in 2007, to develop a global study on the economics of biodiversity loss.
With the buildup of the vitamin business surrounding discoveries that spirulina had significant weight loss benefits University of the Trees became one of the largest employers in the San Lorenzo Valley and leased more than 10 buildings in Boulder Creek for housing students and warehousing for Light Force, a burgeoning nutritional products brand based on spirulina.
In the course of this service Karukaya set a record by successfully completing 54 convoy escorts before her loss.
Using evapotranspiration controllers, soil sensors and refined control panels will reduce water loss.
This was Wellington's 5th loss in a final in 6 years.
On June 12, 2005, Babouche made his debut for the Algerian National Team as a second-half substitute in a 3–0 friendly loss against Mali.
Box officeSo Fine was filmed on a budget of $9,800,000, and in its three weeks in theaters, grossed a total of $9,381,808, and was considered a financial loss.
Davis would go on to throw another touchdown as well as catch one in the 31-28 loss.
For some time his troops held their own, but in the end their ammunition gave out and they were defeated with a loss of 1500 men.
Although the team's fortunes did not improve, Belichick had some success, scoring a 65-yard punt return touchdown in a loss against the New York Giants.
He and his wife Mary suffered a tremendous loss in 1917.
Egg Rock Light was first established in 1856 after a schooner went down with the loss of five lives.
The loss of the magnetosphere will cause an increase in erosion of light elements, particularly hydrogen, from the Earth's outer atmosphere into space, resulting in less favorable conditions for life.
On February 20, McIntosh recorded her first career hat trick with three goals in 6-5 loss to Minnesota State.
Scorpio, Jr. soon got help from his Los Guapos team mates Zumbido and Decnis but Alan Stone still managed to pin Scorpio, Jr. After the loss all three Guapos' attacked Alan Stone, drawing blood.
In round 19, against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, Copley scored his first club try for the Roosters in the 20-32 loss at the Sydney Football Stadium.
On 15 July 2009, he made his professional debut for Lokomotiv Moscow in a 1-2 away loss to SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk in the Russian Cup.
Joe Gibbs Racing's penalty, for unauthorized alterations to the ride height of Kyle Busch's car, included a fine of $25,000 for crew chief Steve Addington, and the loss of 25 owner and driver points for Joe Gibbs and Kyle Busch respectively.
Beck 1997 – looked at incidence density such that the numerator was attachment loss greater or equal to 3mm while the denominator was the time at risk for each site.
The Montoneros admitted losing 5,000 guerrillas killed, and the ERP admitted the loss of another 5,000 of their own guerrillas killed.
She made just one further appearance, also as a substitute, seven years later, in a 1–3 loss to Chinese Taipei on 13 December 1987.
The poem is an elegy that describes Tennyson's feelings of loss after Arthur Henry Hallam died and his feelings of isolation while at Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire.
With the loss of so many young men during the Second World War it was difficult for all clubs to retain their former status.
Meanwhile, some regional polities within the increasingly fragmented Mughal Empire, involved themselves and the state in global conflicts, leading only to defeat and loss of territory during the Carnatic Wars and the Bengal War.
Regarding general sexual dysfunction, the ICD-10 has three main categories: Lack or loss of sexual desire (), Sexual aversion and lack of sexual enjoyment (), and Failure of genital response ().
Gentry pitched the final inning of a 12–1 loss at the hands of the Oakland Athletics on June 4.
According to MGM records the film earned $1,950,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $800,000 elsewhere, resulting in a net loss of $99,000.
In the replay Kerry would suffer their biggest All-Ireland final loss as they sent down on a 1-19 to 0-13 scoreline.
He was a leg-break bowler and bowled two overs for the loss of 21 runs without taking a wicket.
He then had a drought of nearly four years, which included a heartbreaking 233–224 loss to Don Johnson in the final match of the 1972 U.S. Open.
The Bf 109s thus had the initial advantage in dives, either during attack or to escape, in that it could 'bunt' directly into a dive with no loss of power.
This was followed up by playing the whole game on 21 November 2010, in a 4–1 loss against Napoli.
In his sophomore season in 2006, he played in 10 games (one start) and made 12 tackles, including two tackles for loss and a sack.
The ultra-low budget effort was financed primarily with a World Trade Center disaster grant, following the loss of the original Camerado offices in New York to toxic dust and debris.
He scored a 62-yard touchdown reception in a 24–16 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles in Week 11.
But because there is already a loss, these patients have to pay also for the others.
In Week 5, against the defending Super Bowl champion Seattle Seahawks, Cousins showed progress from the embarrassing loss to the Giants by throwing for two touchdowns without an interception, including a 68-yard touchdown pass to DeSean Jackson.
During Week 11 against the Dallas Cowboys, Cousins threw for 318 yards and three touchdowns during the 31–28 loss.
He made his official debut for Sint-Truidense on 12 April 2008 in the Belgian Pro League in a 2–0 loss to Westerlo.
Clarence's staggeringly inconsistent form saw them boot a club record score of 33.23 (221) against Hobart on 23 April at Bellerive, but would suffer from the above-mentioned 173-point loss later in the season to New Norfolk, then two weeks later defeat Hobart by 90-points.
Gradual loss of energy from a charged capacitor is primarily caused by electronic devices attached to the capacitors, such as transistors or diodes, which conduct a small amount of current even when they are turned off.
There, the team reached the fourth round, where they were eliminated by Inter Milan with a 4–3 away loss.
The farmers in these two irrigation districts receive water through a unique compensation arrangement that includes crop loss payments on the order of US$100 per hectare un-irrigable land due to the diversion of water to Monterrey plus an additional 60% of the diverted water to be returned to farmers as treated effluent via the Ayancual Creek, Pesquería River.
On August 2006, Lentz took his second loss from Brian Green who submitted him using an armbar in the first round.
Additionally to physical effects, the legal attributes of being disowned include a loss of legal surname, in addition to first names being assigned as numbers.
the previous season, the Hurricanes gave up 472 yards on the ground (most given up by the school since 1944) in a loss 41–23, removing them from ACC Championship contention.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Philadelphia Eagles' season-opener against the Green Bay Packers, but did not record a statistic during their 27-20 loss.
The mission was postponed following the loss of Leonardo da Vinci, and was ultimately canceled when the armistice was signed four months later.
The loss knocked Fordham out of the Rose Bowl picture; Columbia went instead.
Oregon State's three fumbles and poor tackling are generally cited as keys to the loss.
After a loss to Troy Aikman and the #2 UCLA Bruins, they managed to tie Stanford 20–20 on a field goal on the last play of the game.
For the first time since their loss to Oregon on September 30, Washington would fail to overcome a second half deficit; they did not need to, easily beating Washington State 51–3 to clinch a Rose Bowl berth.
The 2003 season started strong, with a 40–7 win over I-AA Sacramento State, but was followed by a 16–14 loss at Fresno State.
A lot of this had to do with the loss of a number of key players; Alan Edward Davidson, Francis Awaritefe, Damian Mori and Branko Milošević.
Following the match Los Wagnermaniacos attacked the other team, taking the frustrations of the loss out on them.
These fears are often linked to the absence of body language over a phone line, and the individual fearing a loss of their sense of control.
In clinical trials, the most common were nausea and vomiting, fatigue, infection, loss of appetite, and blood disorders (including anemia, thrombocytopenia, and leukopenia).
The match ended 9–0 to the tourists, Glamorgan's first loss in five years.
Savage then started the team's Week 9 game against the Indianapolis Colts, completing 19-of-44 passes for 219 yards and his first NFL touchdown, a 34-yard pass to wide receiver DeAndre Hopkins, in the 20–14 loss.
Steve Abbley's third and final season in professional football was his best for first team appearances, making 15 outings including the 5–0 loss at rivals Oxford United and made his final league appearance in the 2–0 defeat at Fulham.
Starvation led to a general loss of cohesion.
Canine glaucoma refers to a group of diseases in dogs that affect the optic nerve and involve a loss of retinal ganglion cells in a characteristic pattern.
A character in Affinity talks to spirits of the dead; the setting of Fingersmith is a large country estate inhabited by a small family and house staff; The Night Watch is set in post-WWII Britain with characters who are somewhat at a loss with what to do following the upheaval of war.
 "I'm at a loss to describe Paul's work and do it justice because he really does have a unique voice and although at times both humorous and shocking, his stories always leave something with you."
He lost the fight via guillotine choke, giving him the first loss of his career.
He is confused; as he searches through every hero database he seems at a loss not to be able to find Shade (as he is a reformed villain turned hero) and is delayed long enough for a wounded Donna Troy to beat him unconscious and almost to death, but Shade stops her.
The development of Kardinia Park (Skilled Stadium) in Geelong has been proposed to replace the loss of Docklands Stadium in the FFA bid, following the World Cup the stadium would be reconfigured to a larger oval for AFL use.
A Loss of Patients (1982)
On September 19, the Blue Jays were eliminated from playoff contention after a loss to the Red Sox.
Generally, the two couples (in the couples phase) or two contestants (in the singles phase) with the lowest percentage weight loss at the weigh-in fall below the yellow line.
He consoles Samuel over his loss and realizing Peter is the kind of person he is looking for, he shakes his hand and drops the charges.
With the loss, William & Mary finished the regular season 9–2 (6–2 CAA).
he scored his first goal in the Portuguese top level the following 8 February, but in 2–3 away loss to Vitória de Setúbal.
He debuted for the Uzbekistan national football team in a friendly 2-1 loss to Iran on 8 October 2020.
The damages awarded for loss of earnings were not subject to tax, but the amount awarded did not take account of the fact that the net earnings retained by Gourley - if he had not been injured - would have been reduced substantially by tax.
It was also in this edition that Torre did not win any medal of any color when he placed a dismal 6th place in Board 1 scoring 4 points by virtue of 3 wins, 2 draws and the loss against Meng for a winning percentage of 66.7 and a TPR of 2431 (2540 Elo).
On 9 October 2020, De Pauw represented the DR Congo national team in a friendly 3–0 loss to Burkina Faso.
The Soviet Union, fearing loss of national sovereignty due to the statistical data required by the FAO to be provided by members, declines membership.
Hastie scored his only international goal on his full All Whites debut in a 2–4 loss to New Caledonia on 17 July 1971 and ended his international playing career with six A-international caps to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 1–1 draw with Indonesia on 11 October 1972.
With respect to damages the complaint alleges that as a proximate result of defendants' negligence plaintiff suffered painful permanent physical injuries and great mental distress, including the probable loss of use or amputation of her left hand.
Following a loss in their third game to Oregon State, the Sooners installed the Wishbone offense during the open week prior to the Red River Shootout vs. Texas.
The Ateneo Blue Eagles qualified for their second consecutive Finals appearance after amassing a 13–1 elimination round record (only loss coming from last-placed UP Fighting Maroons), and beating 2006 Finals opponent UST Growling Tigers in the semifinals.
It can carry out loss analysis at component and circuit level, simulation of board temperature, design verification, failure rate analysis and generate relevant reports.
Excision of the radial head should be avoided, as the radius will migrate proximally leading to wrist pain and loss of pronation and supination of the wrist.
The Eagles handed the Cowboys their third straight Week 17 winner-take-all NFC East title game loss and third straight 8–8 season in as many years having lost to all three division rivals across 2011–2013.
At the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup, Martina was again captain and played every game up to a 1–0 loss to hosts the United States in the quarter-finals in Philadelphia.
A similar initiative in early 1943 by the Soviet authorities for ships independently to make the westward journey, suffered one loss from 23 sailings.
An irreversible capacity loss upon disproportionation of LiO2 in the charged battery was not addressed.
His health was poor and he complained of the loss of an eye that hindered his work.
Habitat loss and alteration, and the introduction of non-native fish species have caused sharp declines in many native populations.
He made his debut for the club in their opening match of the season, playing the full 90 minutes in their loss to Strasbourg.
He made his debut for the Blasters on 20 November 2020 in match against ATK Mohun Bagan where the Blasters suffered a 1–0 loss.
Dielectric signal loss is reduced significantly, reducing signal attenuation.
Sharp (2016) connects the deposition of the Hoard with the Viking attack on Lichfield in 875 and postulates its loss at the same time as the removal of the St. Chad's Gospel from Lichfield into the Welsh area of Mercia.
Surplus nutrient flows (N, P) into aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems are of highest importance, followed by excessive land-system change and biodiversity loss.
His first match on the main card for ROH was at Glory By Honor V Night 1 on September 15, when he teamed with Pelle Primeau in a loss to The Ring Crew Express.
the unauthorized use, loss, damage, disclosure or modification of organizational assets for the profit, personal interest or political interests of individuals, groups or other entities."
Citing the convention that the protagonist in a crime drama does not lose his or her gun, the network executives also felt that the loss of Don's gun was inappropriate for the series.
Parity-time symmetry is related to a balance of optical gain and loss in a coupled cavity system.
Despite her shock over the loss of "Angelika Gerlach", she evidently settled with her new identity well enough.
The loss of the Central Power Battery does not appear to have affected Carol's powers.
In the Rapid games, 4 points were awarded for a win, 2 points for a draw, and 0 points for a loss.
As a condition, the authority decided to regulate a ban on frequent flyer programs, and stated that it would ban cross-subsidization aimed at underbidding or operating at a loss to force new entrants out of the market.
On 12 March 2016, he made his return from injury, coming on as an 86th-minute substitute, in a 3–0 loss against Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Almost a century later, Steven Pinker took up the theme of the loss of personal boundaries in a communal experience, noting that such occurrences could be triggered by intense shared ordeals like hunger, fear or pain, and that such methods were traditionally used to create liminal conditions in initiation rites.
Hypothermia decreases the cerebral metabolic rate for glucose and oxygen and reduces the loss of high energy phosphates during hypoxia-ischaemia and during secondary cerebral energy failure, and reduces delayed cerebral lactic alkalosis.
He made his debut in the competition on 18 August 2013, in a 0–3 home loss to Rio Ave FC.
Fired: Carmen for her second loss as project manager and not focusing on the job.
Another hypothesis supported by isotopic evidence at the site suggests that the people of Sitio Sierra practiced slash and burn farming techniques that may have contributed to soil infertility and the loss of vegetation.
Glock's car was stationary on its front jacks due to a sudden loss of air pressure in the engine valve system, which was traced to a chassis fault.
The default was fully resolved well within the margin held and at no loss to other market participants.
The northern breakwater of the entrance to the port of Newcastle was extended after the loss of the Adolphe.
In a two-point loss to Notre Dame, a pair of Michigan fumbles in the first half led to Irish field goals, and the Wolverines last-minute field goal attempt for the win was blocked.
| 2010-09-19 || Loss ||align=left| Nathan Corbett || Domination 5 || Perth, Australia || KO (knee strike) || 4 || N/A
On New Year's Eve, in the regular season finale against the Los Angeles Chargers, he threw a career-long 87-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Amari Cooper in the 30–10 loss.
In a Week 15 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers, Carr left the game in the first quarter after suffering a groin injury on a goalline play.
This led to many attempts to cut costs; Swan Hunter ultimately made a loss on the contract.
Cincinnati Reds pitcher Wayne Simpson was offered a $2,000 bribe, by an anonymous caller, to ensure a loss in his game against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The Yankees gained a supplemental first round pick in the 1997 draft for the loss of free agent John Wetteland.
Braithwaite scored his first league goal in a 1–3 loss at FC Barcelona on 20 January 2019, and finished the campaign with four goals in 19 league appearances.
A technician at the Miracle-Ear Olympic Hearing Center identified that a member of the Rwandan track team was suffering from severe hearing loss, and Miracle-Ear assisted the runner so that an ear specialist in the U.S. could perform surgeries which restored the athlete's hearing.
On 6 November 2009 the worst ever half-year loss in British Airways' history was reported to the public.
Beginning the season with the loss of some notable players, they further weakened themselves, mainly through their own faults, as the tournament went on.
On April 7, 2018, O'Reilly surpassed Rod Brind'Amour for most faceoff wins in a single season (1,269) in a 4–3 loss to the Florida Panthers.
The 3/22nd Infantry pursued the 271st Regiment and killed another 51 VC for the loss of 7 U.S. killed.
While the development of floodplains for agricultural production in Yanga National Park ceased in 2005 when the property was purchased by the government, there has still been an accelerated the loss and fragmentation of floodplain.
The construction of this harbour was another of the consequences of the loss of the Anson.
Eyjólfsson made his debut for Maccabi Haifa, starting the whole game, in a 2–0 loss against Maccabi Petah Tikva on 14 January 2017.
One of the finest finals of the Super League era was anticipated, but the flamboyant Saints that the fans saw so rarely under Potter once more failed to materialise, and, in front of a near sell—out crowd of 71,526, they fell to a 22–10 loss to rivals Wigan.
Reports indicate that Lopez's life went into a tailspin after the 1973 loss to Nápoles.
Catley played every minute of the team's 2–1 loss to Portland in the semi-finals.
Whittington sought rescission and indemnity for loss of poultry, profits and medical expenses.
Lord Browne-Wilkinson held that Smith New Court was entitled to the full loss of £11.3m.
Noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) is an increasingly common disorder  often caused by work-related activities.
FC Dynamo Perm and FC KamAZ-Chally-d Naberezhnye Chelny awarded 1 home loss.
Her story, considered to be the most tragic, revolves around her witnessing Nagamasa being killed by Mitsuhide at Shitaragahara and being forced to fight in Nobunaga's name, slowly losing her sanity due to the loss of her husband and her brother's ruthless methods.
Taking over the Trinidad plantations in 1907, he abandoned the uneconomic cultivation of sugar, and branched out into other crops, which enabled him to retain the family property while others were changing hands at a loss.
On May 10, 1944, Lieutenant Bell was bombardier of a B-24 on a mission to bomb an enemy aircraft factory in Austria, when he was severely wounded by a burst of flak, causing him to lose his right eye and suffer shock and loss of blood.
estimating damage for an economic loss from events outside the property often involves assumptions in the before and after condition.
On January 18, 2017, Cox signed with the Seahawks after an injury suffered by DeShawn Shead following the 36–20 loss to the Atlanta Falcons in the Divisional Round of the 2016 playoffs.
Unfortunately, Champeny had little influence in the final form of the ROKA’s individual training programs because of personal disagreements with General Ryan and key members of his staff, which ultimately led to the loss of General James Van Fleet’s confidence and his relief and reduction in rank.
Policies, loss of Northern Transylvania and downfall
This is supported by the finding that deletion of the two C-terminal residues (sBmTx3-delYP) results in loss of ability to block IA-current.
It is stated in the anime that the main city that was destroyed by Dagmyer's forces was actually its governing area and there was little to no residents in the area so it was a small loss to Havoniwa.
His sacking was controversial, and many fans were unhappy at the loss of a man who had led the club to two cup semi finals in three seasons, enduring considerable financial hardships.
Popularity loss and closure
Owned by Canadian J. Louis Lévesque and trained by Yonnie Starr, it was her final start of 1972 and marked her twelfth straight win without a loss.
Because of this very large loss of assets, Russia needed over $300 billion in foreign investments and demanded even more IMF money during 1998 and 1999 in order to not declare bankruptcy in the spring of 1999.
Lyon recorded scores of 32 and 3, and took a catch in both innings during a three wicket loss.
 Hair loss of balding
He suffered the first knockout loss of his career after a left hook from Young put Guymon out cold, just under a minute into the second round.
Demonstrating that resilience, defined as a stable trajectory of mental and physical health, is the most common, natural outcome to loss or trauma.
No player may touch any cards received until making a bet; the penalty is a fine to the pool of twice the stake, and the loss of the right to bet during that round.
The loss was the final one that the Crimson Tide ever lost to the Tigers and brought Alabama's all-time record against Sewanee to 4–10–2.
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Florida to 1–2.
On 12 April 1964, Douglas DC-3 VR-AAM was written off at Hargeisa, Somalia with the loss of 15 lives.
His last appearance for the club came on 23 October, where he provided the assist for one of the goals in a 2–1 loss against Brentford.
The botched hit was revenge for a loss of one of Bedouin clan members, who was shot and paralyzed by Nasri's uncle in a dispute.
Again, following the loss of National Express contracts (this time at Rugby depot), on 5 December 2005, the London to Birmingham service was increased in frequency to every two hours.
Once more, Jefimija's sorrow was augmented by national tragedy through the loss of her beloved and respected friend.
A post-credits card shows that Ka'iulani died less than one year after the annexation, some say of a broken heart for the loss of her kingdom.
| 2014-11-07 || Loss ||align=left| Benjamin Adegbuyi || Glory 18: Oklahoma || Shawnee, Oklahoma, USA || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
In 2013's Week 4 loss to the Detroit Lions, Jeffery recorded his first career 100-yard receiving game.
Takairangi played 10 games for Parramatta in the 2020 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss to South Sydney.
The Spartans finished the regular season with eleven wins (tied the most to date in school history), one loss, and secured their first share of the Big Ten Championship in twenty years.
| 2006-11-04 || Loss ||align=left| Maksim Neledva || K-1 Fighting Network Riga 2006 Semi Finals || Riga, Latvia || Ext.
Hislop played two official A-international matches for the All Whites in 1927, both against the touring Canadians, the first a 2–2 draw in which Hislop and Bob Innes were New Zealand's scorers on 25 June 1927, the second a 1–2 loss on 2 July.
However, the result was a 4–1 loss.
Unexplained rapid weight loss
After appearing as an unused substitute against Fleetwood Town on 21 September 2013, he scored his first Portsmouth's debut seven days later, in a 4–2 loss against York City.
Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer disputed whether there had been a data loss at all, instead describing it as an outage.
By the time that all parties were reunited at Hut Point on 25 March 1915 the men themselves were exhausted and frostbitten, and there was a significant loss of confidence in Aeneas Mackintosh, the leader.
The Woolwich Steam Packet Company, later the 'London Steamship Company', operated an excursion steamer service between Ipswich and London from before 1871 until 1887; in 1878 one of their ships, the SS Princess Alice sank with the loss of some 700 lives while on an excursion in the Thames estuary.
After his loss, Heagarty went on to head the North Carolina Judicial Standards Commission and the City of Oaks Foundation, a land conservancy.
On 3 January 2001 he played his first professional game with the latter's first team, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–4 home loss against Racing de Santander for that season's Copa del Rey.
His second goal for the club came on 18 March 2017, in a 3–1 loss against Wolverhampton Wanderers.
On 1 October, Vellios gave the visitors an early lead at Ashton Gate for his fourth goal of the season in a 2–1 away loss against Bristol City.
In the opener, Hiroki Kuroda struggled as the Dodgers losing streak hit six with a 10–5 loss.
He signed with Andalusia's Córdoba for the second time in summer 2014 following a short loan spell with the same club from Gijón, and made his La Liga debut on 25 August 2014 at the age of 33, starting in a 2–0 away loss against Real Madrid.
In the opening loss to Northwestern, Xavier Silas went down with a fracture on his shooting hand, an injury that would sideline him for one month.
Cordner was selected for the New South Wales team on the interchange bench in Game III of the 2013 State of Origin series in NSW's 10–12 loss at ANZ Stadium.
In 2006–07, Pérez battled with Albano Bizzarri for first-choice status, making his La Liga debut on 28 October 2006 in a 1–3 home loss to Real Madrid.
Bradford returned for game number five against Baylor, but reinjured his shoulder the next week against Texas, ending his season and giving the Sooners their third loss of the season.
He appeared in 38 games in the 2012–13 season (including four in the playoffs), helping the team to the fourth position in the second tier and scoring his first goal as a professional on 31 March 2013 in a 2–1 away loss against CD Numancia.
The loss of  Alights-on-the-Clouds was very distressing to the Cheyenne who withdrew from the field and a cause of celebration for the Pawnee.
A replacement team recruited from the coaching staff and local colleges is fielded to avoid a forfeiture to the Philadelphia A's in a lopsided loss.
Acre Loss is a collaboration project between electronic musician Mark Templeton and filmmaker aAron Munson.
Ricciardo tried a similar move on Bottas but could not manage to complete the pass, and such was his momentum loss, Vanthoor managed to slip through on the Australian into fifth position.
January 30 – Super Bowl XXVIII: The Dallas Cowboys hand the Buffalo Bills their fourth consecutive Super Bowl loss, 30–13.
Hunley approached just under the surface, avoiding detection until the last moments, then embedded and remotely detonated a spar torpedo that rapidly sank the  sloop-of-war with the loss of five Union sailors.
He subsequently scored against New Zealand and Spain, and was a starter in the eventual 0–1 final loss to Switzerland.
Stone took the win (without retiring a batter) and Conley was tagged with the loss while Virgil Trucks earned the save.
Craggs made a single appearance in an official international for the All Whites in a 1–7 loss to Australia on 4 July 1936.
The Jiangxi Soviet shrunk significantly due to the Chinese Red Army's disastrous loss of manpower and material throughout the year, and by the end only a handful of towns and cities remained in Communist hands.
Savannah faced the Atlanta Renegades in the GRU Championship game with a chance to avenge their only regular season loss, but would come up 3 points short.
The Tornadoes, under McGall, lost both games; in official statistics, McGall is credited with a third loss, but by the third game he had already been fired and replaced with Jack Fish.
In Week 10, Miller made his Rams debut on Monday Night Football and tallied 3 tackles in a 31–10 loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
However a loss and a win for Waterford would signal a relegation to division 4.
He played his first league match on 26 August 2007 in a 2–0 home loss against CD Castellón, and scored his first goal on 25 November of that year to help the hosts beat Málaga CF 3–0.
On 22 June 1997, whilst a player of CD Logroñés, he played his first and only La Liga match, a 2–1 away loss against Real Sociedad.
Wilson made a solitary official international appearance for the All Whites in a 0–4 loss to Australia on 4 September 1948
In the series finale, the Braves finished the sweep by winning 7–1, giving the Astros their sixth loss in a row.
Another loss to the Dodgers would force a best-of-three playoff for the National League pennant.
He returned as a late substitute in the U's 2–1 reverse at the hands of Notts County on 19 August, and also appeared as a substitute in the 1–0 loss to Doncaster Rovers on 23 August.
The Red Sox took the final game, 8–3, by scoring six earned runs against Halladay, his second consecutive loss and the most runs allowed in a start by the right-hander so far during the season.
Philadelphia's 11th victory in a row came against the Mets on September 24—they won, 3–2—but they dropped the next two games to New York, 5–2 and 7–3, to notch their first series loss in September.
Socket preservation or alveolar ridge preservation  is a procedure to reduce bone loss after tooth extraction.
Its decline signifies loss of Inuit identity.
Although the loss of Diomede delayed the landing by a day, on 31 August the British captured Fort Ostenburg, and with it Trincomalee.
Some issues that were identified 2-3 years after placement include discolouration around the restoration margins and loss of marginal integrity.
Holyoke's Jonathan Stephens (1–0) was credited with the win, while Keene's Earl Daniels (Georgia) (0–1) took the loss.
Sanford starter Chad O'Connor was credited with the win, while Newport's Brad Mincey took the loss.
The Minister for Air, Arthur Drakeford, commented that "all members of the service, and, indeed, all Australians interested in aviation, must feel his loss as the snapping of one of the last links with the pioneer days of flying".
In November 2010, Griezmann scored the only goal in the team's 2–1 loss to Hércules.
The Earl of Eglinton claimed to have given up a valuable colliery in 1766 due to the loss of profits caused by miners demands and labour practices.
In 2006, IESA reported a net loss of $201 million on revenues of $525 million, and debts of around $290 million.
The Wellwood family (Olive, Humphry, Olive's sister Violet, and many children) are Fabians, living in a world of artists, writers, and craftsmen, all moving into new ways to express art, and living an artful life, before the horrors and loss of the Great War.
He scored his first and also Albania's only goal of the qualifying campaign, against Northern Ireland on 13 October 2008 at The Oval, Belfast in a 2–1 loss.
The Ape Hand Deformity is caused by damage to the distal median nerve (also called a Median Claw lesion), and subsequent loss of opponens pollicis muscle function.
The regiment endured the loss of 5 men, twenty legionnaires being wounded.
As with many native fish, reductions in range and numbers are likely the result of habitat loss, as well as competition with, and predation by, non-native fish species.
It faces the loss of its aquatic habitat types and competition with the western mosquitofish (Gambusia affinis).
Christman of NBC Sports was able to cite three cases in MLB history of job loss suspectedly due to sexual orientation.
However, that they have been signed by children as young as 11 not because the child recognised alleged wrongdoing but because of threat of loss of parent's tenancy, and that children have signed away a fundamental right of freedom of association, must raise concerns.
The loss of the stronghold would be a largely demoralizing factor for Elara's forces and would significantly reduce their capability to resist Duthhagamani's advance.
Gillies made a solitary official international appearance for New Zealand in a 0–4 loss to New Caledonia on 8 November 1967.
He played his first match as a professional on 3 September, starting and being sent off in a 0–1 loss at CD Castellón in the second round of the Copa del Rey.
As the loss of the original Satellite was so great, plans are underway for a successor to it - the 21st Century Satellite Motel.
Gypsum is easily washed away in wastewater causing a loss of concrete aggregate and exposing fresh material to acid attack.
  >  "bridge" (compensatory lengthening of  after loss of )
Two months after his loss to French, Krause fought Steve Schneider at Shark Fights 19, winning via second round submission (rear-naked choke).
In a 3–2 loss against Augsburg on 20 January 2013, Giefer was at fault when he conceded one of the goals and after the match, he said he took a huge responsibility for his mistakes.
Of note was the loss of the battalion's pipe and drum band, which joined the 2/25th en masse.
Angerer attended Bettendorf High School in Bettendorf, Iowa, where he recorded career totals of 344 tackles, including 63 tackles for loss, 17 quarterback sacks, five forced fumbles, four recovered fumbles and one interception while playing middle linebacker.
In doing so, we will comply with the applicable law, including the laws of war, and go to extraordinary lengths to ensure precision and avoid the loss of innocent life."
Petersen served on the Board of Vision Loss Resources from 1988 to 1990.
On November 8, 2015, Verner collected a season-high eight solo tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted a pass by Eli Manning during a 32–18 loss at the New York Giants in Week 9.
This species is moderately common, but it is threatened by crown-of-thorns starfish predation and habitat loss.
On 28 March 2017, he came on as a 63rd-minute substitute for Conor Hourihane in Ireland's 0–1 loss in a friendly against Iceland.
He returned to France on a prisoner exchange, but was charged with treason by Napoleon I, enraged by the loss of the colony to the British.
Goodacre made a solitary official international appearance for New Zealand as a substitute in a 0–5 loss to Indonesia on 21 September 1997.
Across media, gay or lesbian characters tend to meet unhappy endings such as heartbreak, loss, insanity, depression or imprisonment.
The violence and loss witnessed in Europe, in particular in France, by those who survived, challenged the belief in the superiority of Western civilization fostered during the age of Enlightenment, which also fueled questions on the exploitative effects of colonialism.
The loss of brother leads to unconscious development of defense mechanism in narrator's mind, thus prompting her to take actions to escape difficulties in later immigrant life.
The neutral sidechain R1=CONH2 and R1=CH2OH were accepted with slight loss of affinity and the metabolism had shifted from biliary to hepatic metabolism.
Te Huna racked up victories on the local circuit, in Australia, as well as suffering a submission loss (via shoulder dislocation) to Bellator season one middleweight champion Hector Lombard.
The lateral neurovascular foramina of the maxilla of Aardonyx are smaller than those of other basal sauropodomorphs, and indicate that there was a reduction in blood supply to the buccal tissues and thus a loss of fleshy cheeks.
Tabanou started in the position for the majority of the fall campaign and assisted on his first two goals of his career in a 2–0 win over Nancy and a 3–1 loss to Rennes.
El Arabi scored his first Champions League goal on 22 October 2019 in a 2–3 loss against Bayern Munich.
Warwickshire closed on 57 without loss.
Billot played two official A-international matches for the New Zealand in 1980, the first as a substitute in a 4–0 win over Mexico on 20 August, the second starting in a 0–3 loss to Canada on 18 September 1980.
In January 2011, Matthew Butcher was compensated A$3.3 million from the West Australia government for continuing medical treatment, loss of earnings and trauma sustained by the incident.
On 15 May 1917, he staked his first aerial victory claim; however, it was denied, and aviation historians have since been unable to find a corresponding Austro-Hungarian loss.
The Industries & Education Institutions in Sitapura Industrial Area have filed about 150 complaints with Sanganer Sadar police station about deaths, injury and loss of property due to negligence of Indian Oil Corporation Limited.
It was a crushing 0–6 loss away to Nantes.
As a result of this loss, communications between the companies broke down rendering co-ordinated action impossible and 53rd began to fall back.
The two paced Minnesota through the air, while Bernie Bierman carried the ground attack as Minnesota compiled a record of 12 victories, a loss and a tie through the 1915 and 1916 campaigns."
But it also had environmental and social impacts including resettlement, loss of fertile silt that now accumulates in the reservoir behind the dam, waterlogging combined with an increase in soil salinity, and increased coastal erosion.
Significant habitat loss has occurred through clearing of forests for agricultural and pine farm uses.
Generally second or third choice keeper for the national side, Stroud did not earn his third full international start until seven years later, a 2–3  loss to Paraguay on 22 June 1995.
The Beavers advanced for the first time in the Division I tournament and beat Cornell 4-1 to advance to the school's first ever Frozen Four held at the Verizon Center in Washington D.C. Bemidji faced Miami (Ohio) in the National Semifinal game with a 1-4 loss to the RedHawks.
The movement destroyed much of the Christian church's early artistic history, to the great loss of subsequent art and religious historians.
Foy played three official full internationals for New Zealand, making his debut in a 0–5 loss to Indonesia on 21 September 1997.
However, unregulated and inappropriate bioprospecting could potentially lead to overexploitation, ecosystem degradation and loss of biodiversity.
The Fairfield Swamp Fight  (also known as the Great Swamp Fight) was the last engagement of the Pequot War and marked defeat of the Pequot tribe in the war and the loss of their recognition as a political entity in the 17th century.
In March 2008, Highland Council again came under fire for their negligence of the An Aird surface, which almost resulted in the loss of An Aird's prestigious status as a Camanachd Cup Final host stadium.
Russia suffered their only defeat of the campaign with a 1–0 loss to Bulgaria.
With the loss, the Eagles went into their bye week at 4–3.
A lasting achievement of King John of Bohemia (and a great loss to Poland) was his success in forcing most of the Piast Silesian principalities, often ambivalent about their loyalties, into allegiance between 1327 and 1329.
He played in the Pittsburgh Steelers' season-opener against the Denver Broncos and made three combined tackles in the 31–19 loss.
On 1 August 2010, he made his debut in a 1–0 home loss against Lokomotiv Sofia.
While grieving the loss of her husband, she also discovered that Frank had an affair with Astrud and they had a love child named Ringo.
The game was played on January 1, 1938, and resulted in a 7–6 loss to the West Virginia Mountaineers.
On 3 May, he played for Fiji in the 2014 Pacific Rugby League International, scoring a try in the 32–16 loss.
Ameer Abdullah added 165 yards rushing on 19 carries in the loss.
Since the products—a virtual photon and two leptons—do not interact strongly with the rest of the nuclear medium, there is no further loss of energy due to QCD bremsstrahlung.
Coffman also had four tackles, 1.5 tackles for loss and half a sack.
Usually causes loss of protein function, although more complex effects are seen.
It was Nebraska's second loss in eight seasons at Nebraska Field, both to Kansas.
 Electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS)
This appraisal report is often used as proof of loss during a diminished value insurance claim.
The outbreak of the First World War proved significant, with the withdrawal of troops for service in France compounded by the loss of more than 600 French killed at the Battle of El Herri.
On 4 September 1915, the passenger liner  was torpedoed without warning by the German submarine  southwest of Queenstown (now called Cobh) in the south of Ireland with the loss of 32 lives.
On October 1, Casey recorded seven combined tackles and sacked quarterback Deshaun Watson during a 57-14 loss to the Houston Texans.
This protein is activated in late pachytene and is needed for crossover formation and partial loss of cohesion from chromosome arms.
"New Incision Free Procedure Leads to Weight Loss."
Williams made his first grade debut for Brisbane in Round 15 2009 against Cronulla which ended in a 46-12 loss.
When BYU played on the road in San Diego, BYU dealt SDSU its only other loss that season, with an 80–67 victory in which Fredette had 25 points, 9 assists and 3 rebounds.
During a Week 3 loss to the New England Patriots, Barron finished with 11 combined tackles, was credited with half a sack, and intercepted Tom Brady for his first pick of the season.
due to loss of consonant gemination in modern Hebrew, which formerly distinguished the stop members of the pairs from the fricatives when intervocalic – e.g.
Both cities were destroyed with enormous loss of life and psychological shock.
Although few men had perished in the flames, all the cavalry horses were lost – a serious loss considering Himlico was about to reach Sicily with an army.
He won his opening meeting with Santiago Giraldo, but did not defend points due to his loss to top seed Rafael Nadal.
In Week 16 during a 23–20 loss to the Houston Texans, Pierre-Paul sacked quarterback Deshaun Watson three times.
Since 2004 Hahn has been Chairman of the Austrian People's Party in Vienna and, as such, was the party frontrunner in the October 2005 regional elections in which an increase in votes for the ÖVP (and a slight loss in votes for the FPÖ) made the ÖVP the second strongest party in the regional parliament, with 18 seats.
These songs mostly address the loss of Bayley's wife and the struggle he and the band have had in the music world.
6" sank in Hiroshima Bay, with a loss of her entire crew of 14, after an outside vent was left open during a dive.
At the end of a week, Douglas was obliged to draw off, with the loss of 400 men.
As the starting defensive end, he recorded over 40 tackles, 5 sacks, 7.5 tackles for loss, 1 interception, 1 forced fumble and 7 pass break-ups.
After surviving the loss of his native fishing grounds due to his "miraculous" ability to fly, he hired another of Mumble's friends, Lovelace (who was fired from his job as "Guru") to be his partner.
Because of the loss of the maps, the work is sometimes just titled Yuanhe Records of Prefectures and Counties (元和郡縣志/元和郡县志).
After a disappointing scoreless draw on the road against D.C. United, RSL returned home to hand Los Angeles their first loss of the season by a score of 1–0 on a controversial Javier Morales goal.
On September 11, United faced long odds when playing at Toronto FC's BMO Field, where the Reds had only surrendered one loss all season; a 1–4 defeat to New York Red Bulls.
which was soon extended to four with a 2–1 loss to Monarcas Morelia of Mexico.
There is a loss of quality in photographs in newspapers, and Robert Capa would not take photographs if he were living today.
Dental composite based approaches to tooth surface loss allow for easy adjustment or removal if required.
His second appearance came the following week, in a 2–3 home loss to Real Zaragoza.
On 12 August 1917, U-44 was rammed and sunk in the North Sea south of Norway () by the Royal Navy destroyer  with the loss of all 44 of her crew.
Robinson started the Saints season opener against the Atlanta Falcons and recorded three solo tackles in the 37–34 loss.
U-51 sank with the loss of 34 of her crew; four survivors were rescued.
He suffered from a violent temper, stomach pains and loss of memory.
Rebuild after first loss
That same night the brand new Kings of Trios suffered their first six-man tag team loss, losing to Da Soul Touchaz (Acid Jaz, Marshe Rockett and Willie Richardson), after an interference from Eddie Kingston.
4-24% of traumatized teeth will have some degrees of pulpal obliteration that is characterized by the loss of pulpal space radiographically and yellow discolouration of the clinical crown.
Another problem includes water loss due to evaporation.
Virginia Tech's leading tackler was Lyndell Gibson, who had eight tackles, including half a tackle for loss.
West Virginia's school-record four-game bowl winning streak came to an end with the loss.
All these problems together with other challenges have resulted in "gradually declining production capacity and a loss of global market share".
Following a grounding in 1949, she was declared a constructive total loss, but was sold and repaired, returning to service as Agios Dionysissios.
UConn's pass defense was hurt by the loss of Jasper Howard; following his death, freshman cornerback Blidi Wreh-Wilson was forced into the starting lineup alongside senior Robert McClain.
However, usually when presenting complaints do arise the effects of mobility and alveolar bone loss have become severe.
Kennesaw lost its third straight season opener, a tough road loss to nearby Georgia State University.
According to Schäffer, leaving Hawaii to the Americans would spell a loss of all Russian possessions in the region.
On 10 June, the auditor sent out letters to the Liverpool councillors reporting that the council's failure to set a rate that financial year had already caused a loss of £106,103, and notifying them of an extraordinary audit under section 20 of the Local Government Finance Act 1982.
Tambora's 1815 eruption, about 10,000 directly from the eruption and about 80,000 from crop loss and famine.
On 10 February 2017, Beale played for the World All Stars against the Indigenous All Stars in the 2017 All Stars match, starting at centre in the 34-8 loss at Hunter Stadium.
In Week 8, Foles set a franchise record for most completions in a game with 36 and threw a career-high 62 times in a close loss to the Arizona Cardinals, finishing with 411 passing yards and 2 touchdowns.
He lost the fight via technical knockout and announced his retirement from competing professionally at his Facebook after the loss.
For the first time since Lomax joined the county, Somerset had in 1957 a relatively strong team, and a loss of form meant that Lomax was uncertain of his place in the team for much of the season.
[2][3] Around 1 in every 1000 patients suffer more rapid loss of attachment.
GAP brings about attachment loss involving more than 30% of sites on teeth; effectively being at least three permanent teeth other than the first molars or incisors.
It was Butler's third loss in nine outings, all to teams ranked in the “Top 25.”
Both low- and high-pass filters are postulated to exist in some form in sensory systems, as they act to prevent information loss in high and low contrast environments, respectively.
 abdominal pain or fullness, which may cause shortness of breath or loss of appetite 
Tsikata was tried for causing financial loss of GH¢230,000 to the state whilst CEO of Ghana National Petroleum Company after a trial through the Accra Fast Track Tribunal, one of many set up by the Kufuor government to try such cases.
Sunk on 30 April 1908 after an accidental explosion while at anchor in the Pescadores islands off Taiwan, with the loss of 207 of her 350 crewmembers.
Then, following another loss in the quarterfinals of an ITF event in Poland and an early elimination in the qualifications at the Budapest Grand Prix, Paula's form improved when she qualified for the Gastein Ladies in Kitzbühel, Austria.
In week 2 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Kuechly made 17 tackles, including 2.5 tackles for loss and tackling running back Peyton Barber in his own endzone for a safety as the Panthers lost 20–14.
Only the teachers will see Bob and Jillian, and the student's weight loss is the only one that will count toward elimination.
In Week 10 against the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday Night Football, Cobb caught six passes for 106 yards and a touchdown in the 28–24 loss.
The security guarantee offered by Buldas, Saarepera in 2004 is improved by diminishing the security loss coefficient from  to .
During Week 14, Gilmore made two combined tackles, two pass deflections, and intercepted Mike Glennon during a 27–6 road loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The company said the Swindon station was not financially viable as a stand-alone service, having made a £50,000 loss in 2015.
Following a period of low nickel prices, the operation was placed on care and maintenance in October 2017, with the loss of 270 local jobs.
They then argue that this oxygen under-abundance is due to a recent interaction-induced inflow of gas, possibly coupled with a selective metal-rich gas loss driven by supernovae winds and that this can explain their findings.
The loss of Elonu, who along with Bryan Davis constituted much of the Aggies' inside game, was tabbed as being especially detrimental to the team's hopes for success as the 2009-10 season began.
On January 23, 2015, Scott promoted rookie Jordan Clarkson to start over Price and chose not to play a healthy Lin in a blowout loss to San Antonio.
Túñez played his first match in the Spanish top flight on 18 August 2012, starting in a 0–1 home loss to Málaga CF.
It was a devastating loss to Los Ciegos, as well as to many other musicians and bands with whom he played.
In addition, equipment and software must be replaced occasionally due to damage, loss, and obsolescence.
After their loss in the 106th Grey Cup, Ottawa did not extend Murray after his All-Star 2018 season.
Red Star was originally similar to the former Haier, a major city-level enterprise in Qingdao, but due to poor management, even while Haier rose to the top brand of home appliances in China, Red Star bled a loss of more than RMB100 million and became insolvent.
To compensate for the loss of value, farmers would add dirt and leaves to increase the weight, but lowering the quality.
In an interview the following month, Carroll assessed the mistakes that led to the loss as his own:
While still under Mackenzie's command, Foxhound was returning from Halifax when she foundered in the Atlantic with the loss of all on board.
Burn made his Wigan Athletic in the opening game of the season, starting in a 2–1 loss against Bristol City.
Toulouse rallied from a 14-point deficit in the second half to win 26-24 and condemn Featherstone to their first loss in the 2010 Co-operative Championship season.
The Crimson Tide responded from the loss to win their final five regular season games against Sewanee, Kentucky, Florida, Clemson and Vanderbilt.
The club released a statement about the situation, citing loss of two major sponsors and debts from previous ownership as the main reasons for its decision to delay salary payments and to relocate to temporary home venues in Liverpool and Manchester.
They finished the season with a record of seven wins, one loss and one tie (7–1–1 overall, 4–1–1 in the SEC).
Reducing the silicon wafer thickness at a minimized efficiency loss represents a mainstream trend in increasing the cost-effectiveness of wafer-based solar cells.
After their loss to Vanderbilt, Alabama moved down eleven spots to the No.
The squad lost to , defeated the Marion Military Institute twice and finished the season with an overall record of two wins and one loss (2–1).
The loss brought Alabama's all-time record against Boston College to 1–1.
To open the 1949 season, Alabama traveled to Mobile and were defeated 28–14 by the Tulane Green Wave to open the second consecutive season with a loss.
Collin Kuhn stole three bases in the loss.
On May 14, Tolleson pitched for the first time in the Majors, getting the final out in a 15–4 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
As a result of her early loss, Plíšková's ranking fell to No.
Her captain, the innovator, was the subject of a miscarriage of justice at his court martial for the loss of the ship from which his career never recovered.
He scored his first goal of the season on 25 September 2012, in a 3–2 loss against Swansea City in the third round of the League Cup A week later, on 2 October 2012, Akpan scored again, in a 3–1 win over Bournemouth.
Despite this recent loss, Georg went on a search to provide a mother for his two young children.
Yi Jianlian scored a game-high 26 points in the loss for the Chinese.
Serbia avenged their EuroBasket 2009 gold medal game loss in the first quarterfinal against Spain in a tight 92–89 victory.
Pope Gregory VIII (1187) assumed the papacy after the sudden death of Urban III and immediately sent a letter to the faithful of the West about the catastrophic loss of Jerusalem, recounted in Roger of Howden's Gesta Regis Ricardi.
For the duration of the war the company made a loss.
In order to offset the loss of many filmmakers who had left when the studio changed its production to almost solely its Roman Porno series in 1971, Nikkatsu recruited performers from the pink film world.
The loss, however, did not affect Minnesota's recognition as the unofficial champion of the 1960 NCAA University Division football season, since the final AP and UPI polls were taken prior to the postseason bowl games.
It was Michigan's seventh consecutive loss to Cornell dating back to 1889.
Jung was left with partial memory loss, causing him to forget parts of his past.
McIvor played in Collingwood's loss to Essendon in the 1911 Grand Final.
A defender, he won one cap for the Botswana national football team, entering in the 60th minute of a 2–1 loss to South Africa at the COSAFA Cup on 20 February 1999.
On February 18, the Webfoots' streak ended with a 50–31 upset loss to Oregon State, which would be their last of the season.
According to MGM records the film earned $565,000 in the US and Canada and $283,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $754,000.
Despite the loss, Hantz won the "Sprint Player of the Season" award, which included a cash prize of $100,000.
This relates to how second-language attrition can be defined as the "non-pathological decrease in a language that had formerly been acquired by an individual" (Köpke & Schmid 2004: 5) and described as the "[…] loss of skills in the individual over time" (de Bot & Weltens, 1995).
Paralysis is the complete loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups.
 Paralyser, that which causes paralysis (the complete loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups)
At the time of Waterloo, the British Empire consisted of the New World territories in the West Indies and North America which had been retained following the loss of the Thirteen Colonies.
This area could become one of the key areas of woodland conservation in Australia, and balance the loss of biodiversity that will eventuate from urban expansion in the rest of Molonglo."
The loss to Bhutan in "The Other Final" saw them fall to #205 in the rankings, becoming the worst-ranked side in the world.
Frendo played 3 seasons with Newcastle and his last game for the club was a 20-6 loss against Penrith in Round 19 1990.
The loss was widely attributed to Murphy's role in the 2001 redistricting, which produced contorted districts that confused and angered voters.
Even with the 1-point loss to the Tigers in the second game, the Cornhuskers had outscored their opponents 138-20 during the season so far.
Wang was subsequently able to in turn deal Liu Gongzhi a loss and capture Lingchuan (陵川, in modern Jincheng), but his and Liu Gongzhi's forces subsequently stalemated.
On 21 November 2021, he scored a brace but he did not avert a 3–2 home loss against rivals Olympiacos.
Baldwin operates under 'Global Healing', the ministry he founded, which uses " the power of Almighty God ... to greatly reduce the loss of life".
13 Ana Ivanovic after struggling with a torn abdominal muscle, which was initially injured during her fourth-round loss at the French Open a few months earlier.
Postwar she was sold into merchant service, being renamed Ovingdean Grange, Sabrina, and Noemi, serving until she ran aground in 1965 and was declared a constructive total loss.
An instance of climate change contributing to ice loss was the 13th most extreme Arctic storm recorded that impacted sea ice in the Beaufort and Chukchi seas.
The subsequent court martial for the loss of Capelin reprimanded Bray for not being on deck when she approached the harbour.
The Seminoles were defeated 47–17, in their third-worst loss since 1991.
She also stated, like those before her, that the lack of Michael Jackson was a loss to the show, and concluded that if it were not for the singer being dead, the series would have most likely never have aired.
Prior to this match, Matthysse had never been knocked down by any opponent, although he had suffered a tenth-round technical knockout loss in May 2006 at the hands of Paul Williams (the Cintrón-Matthysse bout was the main undercard fight of a WBO title bout between challenger Williams and incumbent Antonio Margarito).
The reason was a substantial loss of silver coins during World War I; many Swiss coins had been melted into bullion in France and Italy, and the Swiss National bank had been authorized to issue temporary 5 francs banknotes.
Health Concern suffered a net loss of 2 councillors after losing 3 seats and only gaining 1 in Oldington and Foley Park.
With the loss, the Lions fell to 0–2 for the 3rd straight season.
If any undesirable operations corrupt or delete the data, the owner should be able to detect the corruption or loss.
21 June – Global Radio announces plans to reduce the number of its local Heart stations from 33 to 15 so-called "super stations" in a reorganisation that will lead to the loss of up to 200 full-time and freelance posts.
The Steelers are eliminated from the playoff on a tiebreaker despite their win, thus the 2003–2004 New England Patriots remain the last repeat Super Bowl champions, while the Dolphins, the host team for Super Bowl XLIV, are also eliminated from the postseason with their third straight loss.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 0–2.
Cleveland would close out the game with rookie quarterback Colt McCoy finding wide receiver Brian Robiskie on a 20-yard touchdown pass, sending the Browns to their worst loss of the season, 41–9.
Despite the loss of Usher and Steketee, the 1922 backfield was promising with Irwin Uteritz, Harry Kipke, Franklin Cappon, and Doug Roby all returning from the 1921 team.
at 08:27 (German time) on 5 July,  fired another torpedo, which sank Empire Byron with the loss of six crew and a passenger at .
Thompson made his first-team début in a 50–10 loss to St Helens in round 16 of 2009's Super League XIV, where he came on off the bench.
Ohio State began the season 6-0 and was eventually ranked #1 in the nation following an Alabama loss.
The video features the group playing the theme and in parallel the story of a couple living misunderstandings, disappointments and lies that lead to loss.
Sense of Loss 7, which is portrayed at, the Finnish National Gallery Kiasma, resembles a film still and each photo in the series is like a scene from a film.
He made his first senior appearance and debut the following day in a 4–0 loss to Bolton Wanderers in the FA Cup third round, coming on as a substitute for Lenell John-Lewis.
The loss to the Netherlands was recorded as their worst ever defeat in international competition.
The court martial of the survivors on 30 May 1814 attributed the loss to the lack of leadership.
With the win, the Rattlers redeemed themselves from their heartbreaking last second loss in the title game the previous season.
The early deaths of her son and daughter were inconsolable personal loss for her.
With the loss, the Bengals went into their bye week at 2–3.
The Jets were the last NFL team to be undefeated on the road, before suffering a 45–3 loss at the New England Patriots in Week 13.
He lined out in the 2001 Kerry Senior Football Championship loss to An Ghaeltacht.
Climate change, the loss of native plants and animals, the need to foster healthy communities, the reduction of air and water pollution, and the creation of a sustainable economy, are urgent challenges.
With the loss, Chicago fell to 4–2.
After UFC 172, Davis faced Glover Teixeira who was coming off a loss to UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Jon Jones on the same card.
After Green Bay recovered their own opening kick-off onside kick, they marched to the Patriots 7, but on 2nd-and-6, Eugene Moore sacked  Matt Flynn was sacked for a 6-yard loss, and after an incomplete pass on 3rd-and-12, settled for a 31-yard field goal by Mason Crosby.
The old man is Baron Blau and he explains that in his grief at the loss of his half-brother David had taken Jeno's name.
With the close loss, the Panthers fell to 0–4.
It could also force a merchant to drop the price of his flour (he was later compensated for his loss in times of abundance).
The team's sole loss was to Cornell in the final game of the season.
Gutiérrez then scored his first Chile goal after coming on as a substitute in the 75th minute, in a 2–1 loss against Argentina on 17 October 2012.
The next month, France began their qualification crusade for the 1994 FIFA World Cup and opened the campaign with an 0–2 loss to Bulgaria.
Whelch then challenged Webb for the New Zealand title but Webb declined as he did not wish to risk a loss on a lesser title which would have damaged his reputation as World Champion.
the birth of Muḥammad) than to lament a loss (of a loved one).
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 5–3.
When the case reached the New York Court of Appeals, John Jay II submitted an amicus curiae brief arguing that, inasmuch as Lemmon suffered no loss, he had no justiciable controversy.
Qatar, however, chose to play him against Oman, resulting in FIFA overturning the 1–1 draw to a 3–0 loss for Qatar.
In the third game of the season, he recorded 103 receiving yards in a loss against Texas A&M University.
In the AFC Championship loss to the New England Patriots, he had five combined tackles and one quarterback hit.
He had four receptions for 23 receiving yards in the 52–7 loss.
The following week, Brown caught five passes for a season-high 97 yards and scored a 60-yard touchdown in a 13–10 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals.
Two weeks later, he had 10 receptions for 154 yards and a touchdown in a 33–30 loss against the Los Angeles Chargers.
Reigning conference champion Kansas brought the Cornhuskers to Lawrence with sights to avenge their only conference loss of the previous season, but Nebraska extended the futility of the Jayhawks, to sixteen straight winless games against the Cornhuskers.
The standard diving suit can inflate during a blowup to the extent that the diver cannot bend his arms to reach the valves, and the overpressure can burst the suit, causing a complete loss of air, and the diver sinking to the bottom to drown.
After the loss to Illinois, Michigan rebounded with four consecutive victories over Big Ten opponents, before losing to Iowa in the final game of the season.
With the loss, the 49ers began their season at 0–1.
With the loss, the 49ers fell to 4–8.
But Scarlett and Levine, the scout boats, would intercept him, and in ten plays of this character he was thrown for a total loss of sixty-five yards, and in only one did he get away with the goods for any substantial gain.
However, they suffered a stunning loss to Canada in the semifinals, on a penalty shootout.
The Scilly naval disaster of 1707 was the loss of four warships of a Royal Navy fleet off the Isles of Scilly in severe weather on 22 October 1707.
The Minnesota Twins, with this loss, extended their postseason losing streak to 12 games, with nine of those coming against the Yankees.
With the loss, Miami went into its bye week at 2–2.
Hackensack city manager Stephen Lo Iacono was notified of the fire and deemed it a "devastating loss for the community."
Hoping to rebound from their heartbreaking loss to the Jets, the Broncos remained on home ground for an AFC West rivalry match against the Oakland Raiders.
In Round 3 of the 2017 NRL season, he made his Cowboys debut in a loss to the Manly Sea Eagles.
This loss was partially offset by increases in lower-value millet and sorghum production, but 12,000 people were forced to move.
Hoping to rebound from their divisional loss to the Cardinals the Rams flew to Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum for an Interconference duel with the Oakland Raiders.
In some instances, the cost savings might make it worth the loss of competition, while in others they will not.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 2–1.
In the end, Jarret Doege threw three touchdown passes and Leddie Brown rushed for 158 yards and a score to lead West Virginia to a 31-23 victory over Texas, handing the Longhorns their sixth straight loss and eliminating them from bowl consideration.
The wires in successive layers of a basket wound coil cross each other at large angles, as close to 90 degrees as possible, which reduces energy loss due to electrical cross-coupling between wires at radio frequencies.
He played in three of four matches during the tournament, netting in the 2–4 quarter-final loss to Mexico.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Saints the Seahawks played on home ground where they played their former division rival, the Kansas City Chiefs.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 2–2.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Cowboys the Texans flew to Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum for an AFC duel with the Raiders.
With the loss, Oakland began its season at 0–1.
The decision was made when Rackers booted a 35-yard field goal in overtime to give the Redskins a loss.
With the loss, the Redskins fell to 5–7.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Dolphins, the Bills flew to Lambeau Field for an interconference duel with the Packers.
Individuals and organizations that continue to depend on the depletion of social and natural capital will face increasingly unpredictable global commodity markets, tightening laws and regulations, new taxes, public outrage, loss of motivation, and many other symptoms of economic transformation"
Particularly painful was the loss of Milan, Berlusconi's hometown and party stronghold.
The next day, those aboard the Duke William witnessed the sinking of the transport vessel Violet and the loss of 300 other Acadians who were on board.
This was followed up by his second consecutive loss, two months later at the Cage Warriors: Quest 2 event, at the hands of Chris Rice.
On October 21, 2021, Bledsoe suited up as a Clipper for the first time since 2013, recording 22 points, along with 3 steals, in a 115–113 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
His agent said that the loss of Jimmy O "will be tremendous in Haiti."
The Panthers suffered only their third loss in 13 games against ranked opponents at the Petersen Events Center, and Georgetown became the only team other than Louisville to defeat Pittsburgh twice there.
The oxygenator and the heater produce PFC vapor which is recuperated with a condenser in order to limit the evaporation loss (the PFC is a greenhouse gas).
During Week 9, Woods caught four passes for 44 yards before leaving in the third quarter of a 23–13 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs due to an ankle injury.
In Round 2 of the 1990 NSWRL season, Christensen made his first grade debut in Newcastle's 12–28 loss to the Manly Sea Eagles.
Hodge made his first grade debut for the Gold Coast against North Sydney at North Sydney Oval in Round 1 1995 which ended in a 50–10 loss.
"to the great loss of the church of Plumtree, to which it is parish."
The campaign changed direction following a disappointing government meeting and a loss of momentum within schools.
Finally, a loss of vesicular monoamine transporters, neurofilament proteins, and other morphological changes appear to indicate a long-term damage to dopamine neurons.
This order, which may be in place for up to 90 days, includes forfeiture of one-sixth of pay and loss of leave, and may also include additional duties, and being prevented from using some facilities (e.g.
Smith played on the wing and scored a try in Newcastle's loss.
The 1909 balance sheet of Okhta yard showed loss of 1 025 412 marks.
With the progressive loss of mobility over the years, he decided to move to Birmingham to be closer to his son.
12 December 1956 A Vickers Viscount 708 (F-BGNK) crashed near Dannemois, Île de France while on a training flight due to an unexplained loss of control, killing all five crew on board.
In its first year of operations Alliance Express Rwanda posted a US$4 million operating loss on US$6 million revenues, which the airline blamed on its inability to operate flights to the Democratic Republic of the Congo due to the Second Congo War.
In the face of their blindness toward the true criminals, the realization that covetousness drove a wedge in their relationship, and the absurdity of their loss, the brothers are reconciled in laughter.
Regula repeated individual numbers in the 2009–10 campaign, again appearing in 11 league games but managing to score once – in a 3–5 loss at F.C.
With the loss, Arizona fell to 4–10, and was officially ousted from the postseason for the first time since 2007.
He said "Dollhouse is over, and I can't say I'm exactly in anguish over its loss."
This is Margarito's first major fight in over 21 months, following a knockout loss to Shane Mosley in January 2009.
Nevertheless, the Homan team went through the entire tournament without a single loss, defeating Alberta's Val Sweeting in the final.
The loss, which saw Geno Smith throw three interceptions (after throwing only two all season), broke the Mountaineers' 12-game home winning streak and dropped the team out of the BCS standings.
After a good 2009 season Atli was selected for three international friendlies in the Icelandic off-season, playing the first half in a 1–0 loss to Iran in November 2009 and coming on as a late substitute in a 2–0 victory against the Faroe Islands and a 0–0 draw against Mexico in March 2010.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 8–7.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Super Bowl champion Saints, the Cowboys played against the Super Bowl runners-up Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium.
10, Loss for clarinet quintet
He made his senior debut for Argentina on Saturday 11 October 2014 in a 2–0 friendly match loss against Brazil played in Beijing, China after being called up by Gerardo Martino.
He again received his marching orders on 16 October, now in a 0–1 away loss to Rayo Vallecano B.
On October 2, 2010, she scored the first goal of her NCAA career, during a 5–4 loss at North Dakota.
With the loss, the Colts fell to 6–4.
He scored his first goal on 13 March 2017 against Trabzonspor in the 11th minute for the opening goal of the match which eventually finished in the 1–3 loss as opponent overturned in the second-half.
Despite the loss, Capitol News rated Wilson's campaign the best in 2010 in all of New York state.
The loss of the series led to media criticism.
In the 1870 electoral redistribution, the area was reduced in the north (resulting in the loss of Leith Valley to ) and south-west.
Dave Stewart's Walk In #1 was loosely based on "Stewart’s real-life experiences as a young man doing stage shows as "Memory Man" and – during this time of his life – suffering from odd moments of memory loss himself".
Morrison suffered from poor name recognition outside his home of New Haven as well as a loss of Democratic voters' support to Weicker.
Malcolm tries to improve Nicola's image by taking her to a dinner at the Guardian; but this is compromised when a huge data loss occurs in the immigration database that DoSaC is responsible for.
Polymer fiber Bragg gratings - prior to the commencement of PHOSFOS, gratings in polymer optical fibre (POF) only existed in the 1550 nm spectral region where the large fibre loss (1 dB/cm) only permitted very short (<10 cm) fibre lengths to be used and the devices had to be butt-coupled to a silica fiber pigtail on the optical bench.
The loss caused the Lobos' record to fall to 7–5.
It is a redesign of Age of Empires III: The Age of Discovery, Empires: Builder Expansion following the loss of the naming rights to the Age of Empires series.
A week later, on 23 August 2011, he scored again and setting up a goal for MacDonald, in the second round of the Scottish League Cup, in a 4–3 loss against St Mirren.
The Outlaws played their first game, a 10–3 loss, against the Terre Haute Rex on the road at Sycamore Stadium in Terre Haute, Indiana, on June 4, 2010.
He made seven appearances for the  side during the 2011 Under-21 Provincial Championship, scoring five tries which included four in their 38–42 loss to the s in Johannesburg.
This will be a serious loss to all Maya scholars."
The submarine conducted nine patrols and sank 35 ships during the war for a total loss of  and one destroyer.
The District Court awarded Price almost $8 million in damages from the United States' conversion of the paintings and archives, including Price's loss of use of the property from 1983.
He appeared in 36 First Division games with seven goals over his first two seasons, winning the national championship in the latter and qualifying to the 2011 Premier League Asia Trophy, where he scored an own goal against Chelsea in the semi-finals and missed a penalty kick in the third-place play-off 0–3 loss to Blackburn Rovers.
The initial damage and loss assessment for Aceh was US$4.5 billion, and for Nias US$400 million.
His next challenger was then revealed to be Kenny Omega, having been chosen due to Okada's frustration with having one win, draw, and loss against him.
In the aftermath of the bowl loss to Mississippi State, coach Rich Rodriguez was relieved of his duties.
This exhibition examined the early works of Ramírez Jonas and his exploration of technological progress as a backdrop to address concepts of time, memory and loss.
He scored his only goals for Charlton in the form of a hat-trick in a 3–4 loss against Reading at The Valley on 27 February.
The hearing impairment worsens over time, and most affected individuals have profound hearing loss by age 10.
Dito won 17 caps for Portugal, his debut arriving on 28 October 1981 at the age of 19 as he came on as a 46th-minute substitute for Humberto Coelho in a 4–1 away loss against Israel for the 1982 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Selna also clarified the roles of defense counsel by appointing Cari Dawson and Lisa Gilford of Alston & Bird as lead counsel in the economic loss cases and Vince Galvin and Joel Smith of Bowman and Brooke as lead counsel in the personal injury and wrongful death cases.
However, the economy of Norwich depended heavily on the textile industry, which had suffered badly from the loss of export markets during the French Wars, and funds for improvements were limited.
To cure paralysis and loss of function that spinal cord injuries cause, doctors will need a carefully orchestrated series of interventions.
They forfeit much of this camouflage by exposing themselves at night, but position themselves to minimize this loss of crypsis.
Cruden made his debut for the Chiefs in Week 1 of the 2012 season, in a 23-19 loss to the Highlanders.
He made his first-grade début in the 2005 NRL season, when he started at five-eighth for South Sydney in a 46-14 loss away to New Zealand Warriors in round four of that year's competition.
He was sent off on his final appearance, a 5–0 loss to eventual league winners Notts County on 27 February.
Since the 1970s, tribal members have become increasingly involved in environmental preservation, as industrialization and dredging by shipping and oil companies have caused extensive damage to coastal wetlands and loss of property.
Only a huge loss for Wolves coupled with a big win for Albion could alter the outcome of the championship on the final day.
Those were tough times and hopefully we won’t have to endure another loss like it.
The Command Loss Timer Reset subsystem acts to partly resolve hardware-software problems in Solar System or Earth orbital operating conditions.
Marvin was part of all four of the Gophers' goals in the loss against Mercyhurst in the NCAA Frozen Four.
Almost half the 55,750 copies of the National Library had to be sold as remainders, at a loss of almost five shillings per volume.
Aguleri sensing the loss of case, sued Umueri in 1935 but lost too on the ground that they too could not establish exclusive ownership of the land.
He made his next first team appearance on 12 May 2013, his first in seven months, in a 3–1 loss against Twente.
He made his Australian debut and played his only match in the tournament in the 30–12 loss against New Zealand off the interchange bench at Suncorp Stadium.
In May 2020, TrueCar announced a program focused on active military members designed to help offset its loss of the USAA Car Buying Service.
Parkinson's (PD), Huntington's (HD) and Demyelination's (DM) diseases), which occur as a result of acute or progressive loss of cells, glial or neuronal, and structures and function in the brain.
She suffered from some vision loss during her later life, but was considered to be in good health until shortly before her death in 2010.
Wake Forest's losing streak reached 7 with a 23–13 loss to Boston College.
It also noted that Tunisia had the right to reparations considering the loss of life and material damage caused.
He scored his first goal later that year in a 3–1 loss at Hull City on 20 November.
The fact that such a loss peak shows up in glasses of rigid molecules lacking this flexibility demonstrated its universal character.
However, after a loss to Alabama-Huntsville during the season's final game, UWA was eliminated from earning a second straight berth in the GSC tournament.
Katja Nicodemus (Die Zeit) praised the film as an "existential narrative about the world view of a child, about loss and mourning".
Additional tackle was available to attach directly to the rudder as surety against loss of the tiller.
In motorsport racing, road debris can cause loss of traction and subsequent crashes.
On the Moon and Mars, most of the current heat loss is by conduction through the crust.
Tourism officials for the Hershey and Harrisburg Region of Pennsylvania said that the postponement and eventual cancellation of the ESOS in 2013 resulted in an estimated $80 million loss to the local economy.
Lacking watertight compartments, the hull filled with water and the ship sank, four hours later, with great loss of life.
Riesen flew so high Soviet fighter aircraft could not intercept and the bombing caused mass devastation to the station and town for no loss.
In early 1797, the discovery of the loss of the faro bank at one of the Ladies’ parties brought them to the forefront of the news once again.
The risk when using this approach is in not meeting localized demand on a store-by-store basis, resulting in a potential loss in sales.
2004 – Songs of Love and Loss CD (Camera Obscura)
His debut was on 13 April 1930 against Bulgaria, in Belgrade, a 6-1 win, and his fairway match was on 13 December 1936, in Paris against France, a 0-1 loss.
Nicholson resigned after a poor start to the 1974–75 season and a 4–0 loss to Middlesbrough in the League Cup, but his tenure ended on a sour note.
The Baltimore Sun Nancy Knight commented that the book "ends on an ostensibly happy note, but the heartbreaking effects of war and loss aren't sugar-coated" and that it will have readers thinking about the effects  of war on society.
After suffering their first ever loss in school history to Iowa State, Texas lost at home again in week 9, this time to Baylor.
After another loss to Mezger, Yanagisawa went on an 11 unbeaten streak including wins over future K-1 legend: Semmy Schilt and UFC 7 tournament runner-up: Paul Varelans before he lost once again to Mezger.
After a controversial loss in December 2000, Emelianenko was unbeaten in his next 28 fights up until June 2010, including wins over four former UFC champions, one Pride FC champion, one former and two future K-1 champions, and two Olympic medalists.
Carbajal has stated in interviews that Aníbal was the first wrestler to defeat him in a Luchas de Apuestas, or bet match, and thus forced the image obsessed character to be shaved completely bald after his loss.
He also received 121,500 Deutsche Mark reimbursement for the loss of earnings and his social security contributions, which he used to purchase a condominium on Talstrasse in Frankfurt Kalbach, which he occupied until his death.
Francis Bacon and the Loss of Self.
I don't want to be known as the weight loss girl — that's not who I am.
One of them looks to be floating in the air, although the effect could stem from a loss of color near her legs and feet.
Conceptually, this work investigates metaphors for the human body and its systems, the artist's creative process and psyche, decay, and the exhaustion of studio-art conventions of authorship and the hand, mastery and mimesis, originality, and timelessness; Artforum noted in this project a sense of profound loss and romanticism beneath "cool strategies."
This loss ended Roger Federer's 2009 tennis season.
Because of its high surface-area-to-volume ratio that results from its diminutive size, the species was thought to be susceptible to water loss, so it has been studied to understand how it survives in its semi-arid habitat.
There have been reports of bone loss without any accompanying sign of soft tissue inflammation.
On September 23, 2006, Amonsot fought the same Simson Butar-Butar who gave him his first loss just about a year and a half ago, but this time, Amonsot had the home court advantage, the fight being held in his hometown of Tagbilaran City, Bohol.
Loss of habitat will cause migrations of species that will inevitably lead to higher competition in unaffected habitats and possibly local extinctions.
Connecticut was selected as a participant in the 2010 PapaJohns.com Bowl following a tumultuous 7–5 regular season, marked by the loss of five games by a total of fifteen points between them, a double-overtime victory at Notre Dame, and the murder of cornerback Jasper Howard.
Often a minor character in many stories featured in Archie Comics, Hermione Lodge is a patrician but loving woman who is loyal to her family and often at a loss in dealing with the angst and attitudes of modern teenagers.
On October 29, 2018, Whiteside had an NBA season-high 24 rebounds to go with 16 points and five blocked shots in a 123–113 loss to the Sacramento Kings.
Defendant is "bound to make good the loss sustained, such as the moneys the plaintiff had paid out and interest, and any other outlay legitimately attributable to defendant's fraudulent conduct; but this liability did not include the expected fruits of an unrealized speculation."
Riascos made his Chinese Super League debut on 27 March, in a 0–2 away loss to Changsha Ginde.
In the following four days he made two more appearances for the team, keeping goal in the 2–1 win over Taiwan and the 0–1 loss to Malaysia.
The program hosted the first interracial American basketball game played south of the Mason–Dixon line on February 12, 1952, a 65–63 loss to Loyola College in Maryland.
Mask loss and retirement
On 22 December 2009, PokerNews.com published an interview with Isildur1 about his loss to Brian Hastings, but Isildur1 again refused to reveal his identity.
Chanzy ran aground off the Chinese coast in mid-1907, where she proved impossible to refloat and was destroyed in place after her crew was rescued without loss.
It was not until 26 December, when fishermen found a body, identified as du Plessis by documents found in the pockets, that the loss of Dixmude was acknowledged.
Two years later, Suspiria became the drummer of the experimental punk band Kiute Loss, together with James Jacket, Peter Shamble and Eve Von Schiller.
He made his competitive debut for the club in a League Cup 1–0 away win against Southampton on 24 August; his first league appearance arrived on 1 January 2011, starting for suspended Paul Robinson in a 1–2 away loss to Liverpool at Anfield.
Some official documents, such as the enquiry report into the ship's loss, used  "MV Empire Windrush" instead of "HMT".
An attempt to salvage her was disrupted by enemy air attacks, and she became a total loss.
Within two hours, the badly damaged ship, unable to manoeuvre in the narrow fjord from multiple artillery and torpedo hits, sank with very heavy loss of life totalling 600–1,000 men.
In a rematch against Primera later that year on November 15, Stevens avenged the loss with an eight-round unanimous decision (UD).
All this contributed to Treatt's Coalition being easily defeated at the 14 February 1953 election, with a total loss of ten seats and a swing against it of 7.2%.
This diet is a six-week plan for weight loss including meal plans and tips on exercise, hair, makeup, and social relationships.
Because the Ninth Circuit's views about loss causation differ from those of other Circuits that have considered this issue, we granted Dura's petition for certiorari.
On 12 April 1970, she ran aground off Rhodes and was declared a constructive total loss.
He made his debut for Tianjin on 4 March 2017 in a 2–0 away loss against Guangzhou R&F.
Wroth felt the loss as a judgement upon his own insufficiency, and the official repercussions of his letter to Stoughton hardened his resolve.
She then played the Qatar Open where she defeated in-form Russian Veronika Kudermetova, upset third seed and defending champion Aryna Sabalenka and avenged her Abu Dhabi loss to Maria Sakkari to make the semifinals.
However, despite the loss of prestige, the raid was not especially significant for the military.
The income from the newly implemented GST managed to supplant Malaysia's national budget from the deficit induced by a loss in oil tax revenue.
Rajahuhta scored the only goal for Team World in a 3–1 loss at the 2019 Aurora Games.
It is likely that the ship was declared a loss, and it was eventually sold at auction on 8 December 1864 for 800$00 reis.
One asks her what she would do if given the chance to undo the loss of her arm.
This is made more difficult, as Hawkes is still smarting after a hard-fought loss to another professional poker player in England, who will also be at the tournament.
The Huber loss function is used in robust statistics,  M-estimation and additive modelling.
Harrell quickly led the Red Raiders down the field on the first drive of the fourth quarter, where they would reach second-and-7 from the Texas 9, but an incompletion and a sack for a 16-yard loss would force a Matt Williams field goal attempt, which the Longhorns would block.
 4th Round 5: 3–1 loss to Adelaide United at the Sydney Football Stadium.
Sadiku made his on-field return on 30 November 2014 in 2014–15 Swiss Super League matchday 17 versus Basel where he came as a substitute in a 1–2 home loss.
Presented as a way for Indians to assimilate by adopting Euro-American farming styles, the allotment plan caused the loss of considerable tribal land.
: Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed his condolences for the loss of life in the quake.
However, she was then hit by several rockets from 10 separate Mosquitos from 143 and 235 Squadron; she exploded and sank with the loss of her entire crew of 45 men.
On the September 5 episode of Raw, he suffered his first loss when he and Khali lost to WWE Tag Team Champions Evan Bourne and Kofi Kingston in a non-title match.
With the loss, their third in a row to Nebraska, the Wildcats fell to 4–24–3 in the series.
They finished the season in a 3–2 loss to eventual Play-off champions the Sheffield Steelers in the semi-final.
MacLachlan was bitter at the loss of his brother and was keen to get back into action against the enemy.
Silva scored his first league goal for Ponfe on 11 November, but in a 5–3 home loss against Córdoba CF.
Beleck scored four goals in February 2010: once in a 2–1 loss to AEK Athens, twice in a 2–0 away victory against Larissa, and a further goal in a 3–1 home defeat to Kavala.
The principal objection was that there would be fewer seats available for Irish representation in the united parliament, resulting in a loss of power for those whose seats would not be retained.
After this loss he moved up to lightweight where he instantly won the IBO belt against Daniel Brizuela by UD.
This practice explains the recurring players, teams, and regions who compete each year, and the loss of total number of teams since the 1960s and 1970s.
Both companies, later reinforced by Company B, 77th Armor, remained in contact until 18:00 killing 231 PAVN for the loss of 4 killed and 24 wounded.
His most impressive single-game performance came on December 31 against the #1 team in the nation, Duke, when he scored 20 points and grabbed five rebounds in the loss.
Carol II's regime and the loss of Bessarabia
In 2012, Orlando City repeated as Regular Season champions, but exited the playoffs in the semifinals with a 4–3 loss to Wilmington Hammerheads.
His loss to Wawrinka followed his victory over No.
The movement was successful, the rebels being driven from the hill, with no loss to the regiment.
I am very much troubled by this loss, as well as I am heartily concerned for the terrible blow it is to his family".
The Dolphins won a close game 34–31 in overtime to move to 10–5 on the year and clinched a playoff berth for the first time since 2008 with a Denver Broncos loss the next day.
The fight on 3 December 2006, Droylsden, resulted in a points loss for Prince Arron over six rounds meaning that Arron in his debut year as a professional finished with a record of 7–0.
The energy loss to electrons, i.e.
In its preferred temperatures of 26˚C and 25˚C for females and males respectively, the rate of total evaporative water loss was about 4.2 ± 0.58 mg.
Rodney remarked in his despatches to the Admiralty that the loss of the ships "must greatly distress the enemy, who I am well informed are in much want of provisions and naval stores".
In the attack on the Joint General Staff Compound 10 VC are killed and 10 captured for the loss of 17 U.S. killed.
Such a receiver acting in good faith employs no unlawful means and intends to cause no loss.
There are 11 diagnostic criteria which can be broadly categorized into issues arising from substance use related to loss of control, strain to one's interpersonal life, hazardous use, and pharmacologic effects.
In round 1 of the 2014 NRL season, Arona made his National Rugby League Premiership début for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, scoring a try in Cronulla's 18-12 loss to the Gold Coast Titans at Remondis Stadium.
In Round 1 against the Melbourne Storm, Gillett made his return to the field from his neck injury in the Broncos 22–12 loss at AAMI Park.
This loss is generated by different phenomena and each of them is represented by a term .
On November 5, 2014, he scored a career-high 31 points in the Pacers' 96–94 overtime loss to the Washington Wizards.
There are taxes on the turnover, on player loss and net profit.
Dysplastic nails are a cutaneous condition, and may be a subtle finding of ridging, flaking, or poor growth of the nails, or more diffuse with nearly complete loss of nails.
For small right triangles (a, b << R), the hyperbolic cosines can be eliminated to avoid loss of significance, giving
Undoubtedly, the loss of fresh water systems of lakes and rivers in Alaska will result in the imminent demise of the state's once-abundant population of salmon.
This could result in very significant loss of habitats and hence many of the highly specialised species in them.
After missing half the season, Sullinger made his debut for the Raptors on January 18, 2017, scoring eight points in just under 14 minutes off the bench in a 94–89 loss to the Philadelphia 76ers.
On 7 May 2016, Vave played for Tonga against Samoa in the 2016 Polynesian Cup, playing off the interchange bench in the 18-6 loss at Parramatta Stadium.
Despite these struggles, his on-field development was such that he would still debut in the 2010 season's opening match, a 56-point Richmond loss against  at the MCG.
He performed well with 32 disposals, nine marks and two goals, earning a club-best three coaches votes despite an eventual loss to  in that match, the last before the club's mid-season bye.
Anorexia is a term of Greek origin: an- (ἀν-, prefix denoting negation) and orexis (ὄρεξις, "appetite"), translating literally to "a loss of appetite"; the adjective nervosa indicating the functional and non-organic nature of the disorder.
He was the tenth and last person to escape the cage keeping his mask safe while Tigre Blanco was forced to unmask after the loss to Pólvora.
Following the tournament loss Los Ángeles Celestiales and Los Cancerberos del Infierno have developed a rivalry between the two groups, facing off on various CMLL shows, including their Friday night CMLL Super Viernes show.
Despite the loss of Bolding, the team went on the road to face Iowa on November 17, with newly returned B.J.
The next year USF picked up a third 20 loss season in six years with a 9–22 record.
He made his way into the team late in the year and participated in the Qualifying Final loss to North Melbourne, contributing 23 disposals and two goals.
Following that result, Brisbane had racked up six wins, five draws and a solitary loss to the Melbourne Victory in Melbourne on 12 September.
The 1st Company of the Third Nung Battalion (Airborne), III Corps' MIKE Force, operating from Bù Đốp Camp engaged a battalion of the PAVN 12th Regiment killing 40 PAVN for the loss of two ARVN.
According to the Estimates of the costs of crime in Australia, there is an "estimated $96 million loss of taxation revenue from undeclared earnings of prostitution".
In his two big league appearances and five innings pitched, McIlwain did not record a win or a loss, gave up six hits and just the one earned run for a lifetime earned run average of 1.80.
These protuberances would have served as protection from predators and would have lessened water loss through the skin.
He played his only match at Serie A on 24 October 1999, a 2-4 loss to Lazio.
These are not only the amount of deadweight loss and the cost of lobbying companies, but also the efforts that consumers make to prevent this.
The 196th Light Infantry Brigade, 23rd Infantry Division (Americal) and ARVN 5th Regiment, 2nd Division killed more that 650 PAVN/VC from the 1st Regiment and 3rd Regiment, 2nd Division, in an operation in the Quế Sơn Valley for the loss of 60 U.S. killed.
Diffusion of the ions can cause depletion of the crystal from the activators with resulting loss of efficiency.
The match ended in a 1–4 loss to Parma.
In the Wild Card Playoff loss against the Seattle Seahawks, he moved the chains with a 24-yard reception late in the fourth quarter that led to the infamous Blair Walsh' missed field goal.
Coupled with a St. Lawrence tie and loss, this gave Clarkson their third ECAC Regular Season title.
In a game against the Canadian National Women’s Team, Hong stopped 38 of 39 shots in a 1–0 loss.
In 2003 Sikhs complained to the Afghan government regarding the loss of cremation grounds, which had forced them to send a dead body to Pakistan to be cremated, following which the Minister of Hajj and Religious Affairs investigated the issue.
His old regiment, the 12th Massachusetts, suffered terrible casualties during the Battle of Antietam, including the loss of its colonel, Fletcher Webster.
Instead, the funds deposited into the private bank were regarded as personal money by the private bankers, resulting in a sizable loss to depositors.
In the following game, a 26–20 loss to the New York Jets, he had nine receptions for 116 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns.
Aside from the physical changes (white hair, pale skin with black markings, red claws, and a bushier tail), Himari also gains the ability to perform powerful claw swipes from a distance in addition to her increased demon powers, but the loss of her personality makes her a deadly killing machine, unable to distinguish friend from foe.
The next stage of McSwain's career took place in the Victorian Football Association (VFA), firstly at Northcote in 1931, with whom he appeared in a narrow Grand Final loss to Oakleigh, as a follower.
He made his league debut for Notts on 2 August 2013 in a 2–1 loss to Sheffield United.
Most notably, however, he was a centre half back in the 1950 VFL Grand Final loss to Essendon, their first ever premiership decider.
There are also several other medical conditions that are associated with either weight loss or weight gain.
The Shrewsbury monks grieve over its loss, and the faction at Ramsey sorely covets it.
The suit against Tom Metzgar resulted in the loss of all his broadcasting equipment, effectively ending the WAR as an organization.
Then the coefficients  are multiplied by some value , chosen using line search so as to minimize the loss function, and the model is updated as follows:
As a result, minor or medium overload operations may be allowed by the airport authority depending on the corresponding loss in pavement life expectancy.
The Racers went on to finish the 2004–05 season with a record of 20–10 and a first round loss in the OVC tournament.
At the height of this fire, the loss of the huge, sprawling refinery complex was regarded as a real possibility as a tremendous firestorm enveloped two storage tanks, travelled through portions of the on-site piping, and destroyed the refinery's administration building.
However, in February 2009 it was announced that the operation was up for sale as it had been operating at a loss despite carrying over 88,000 passenger in 2008.
a loss of control or an injury to the occupant.
Although the new Ohio incarnation of The Socialist continued to give a place to news of the Socialist Party of Washington, the organization felt its loss.
It took until 1980 to determine that memory loss due to all severe traumas was the same set of processes.
Baczynski bounced back from the loss and won three straight fights, all for Rage in the Cage.
McGee then locked in a rear naked choke, handing Tavares his first loss.
In 1995, that claim was abandoned and the diagnosis of death (acceptable for legal purposes in the UK in the context of organ procurement for transplantation) by the specified testing of brainstem functions was based on a new definition of death – the permanent loss of the capacity for consciousness and spontaneous breathing.
In two trials held in Pittsburgh Mr. van Metre was awarded $500 from Dr. Mitchell for the loss of his slave.
2017 : Demotion to reserve grade, loss of Newcastle captaincy
Reviewer Margaret Copsewood suggested that losing 16th, 17th and 18th century additions and having to make do with the original Norman structure can be read as a metaphor for Britons having to adjust to the loss of their centuries-old Empire — a process taking place in the period in which the book is set
Kien Tuong Province Regional Forces with support from the 9th Division attacked  into the "Crow's Nest" again in a two-day operation, reportedly killing 43 PAVN/VC and capturing two for the loss of two killed.
Such injury often results from careless handling, causing internal bruising, splitting and skin breaks, thus rapidly increasing water loss.
He made his debut on 25 August in a 2–0 loss at Watford.
"His death in 1742 [was] attributed by some to the loss of forty sail of vessels in the French wars."
In fighting near Firebase 5 ARVN Airborne forces killed 92 PAVN for the loss of one killed.
ARVN forces killed 46 PAVN for the loss of seven ARVN in fighting on Route 1  northeast of Kompong Trabek, Cambodia.
This portrayal of the loss of mabui is somewhat accurate.
Fifita would eventually sign with the Wests Tigers and later played in their NYC team in 2009, including playing at prop in the 2009 NYC Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm in the 22–24 loss.
The loss of such a large amount of mummies is generally attributed to the popularity of mummia, a pharmaceutical substance created out of pulverized mummies.
Delaney led the Hokies with 14 points and a career-high-tying 10 assists in the loss to Baylor in the second round of the NIT.
The abandoned Neptuno was soon pounded to pieces in the heavy seas, with the loss of around 20 men in her wreck.
The JGS reported killing 38 PAVN/VC and capturing two for the loss of two ARVN.
His rescue was the longest and most costly search and rescue mission during the war resulting in the loss of five aircraft, 11 U.S. killed and two captured.
PAVN/VC sappers attacked Lai Khê losing 16 killed and four captured for the loss of two ARVN killed.
Quora was hacked in 2018 leading to loss of information of users to hackers.
Low resistance results in greater control over the electrolysis cell's voltage and reduces the energy loss associated with resistive heating.
The Marines relocated the occupants of Van Ha, a VC stronghold, and killed 240 VC for the loss of one Marine.
Reported symptoms of scarabiasis include loss of appetite, diarrhea, abdominal cramps, vomiting, nausea, and insects in stool.
In addition, teams now receive three points for a win in regulation time, two points for a win in overtime and one point for a loss in overtime.
1 by both major polls after a loss by number-one North Carolina.
Linebacker Michael Mauti led the Penn State defense with 11 tackles, including 3 tackles for loss.
Despite a loss of 60 B-17s to the combined force, bombing efforts on the whole were good, causing an immediate drop in ball bearing production and forcing German industry to dip into its limited stockpiles to continue manufacturing.
Lambie had a try disallowed during the Springbok quarter final loss against the Australian team 11–9.
On 21 July 1952 a fire swept through the building with almost total loss of building and gear.
For example, loss of income for local Thai fishermen has been reported due to reduced catches from the degradation of juvenile fish habitat.
Alabama, known as the "wooden horse" led at the half 20–0 and the Trojans had a net loss of 24 yards.
Due mainly to strong objections from the M&IN, who would have suffered a loss of trade, the link was not forthcoming.
Despite not being obligated to, Sanchez decided to pay the entire purse to the competitors, absorbing a $1.3 million loss but earning great respect from the racing fraternity.
There was apparently no loss of life as no human remains were found at the site, but all cargo appeared to stay on board.
The decision followed Seton Hall's 87–69 loss to Texas Tech in the first round of the 2010 National Invitation Tournament, in which then-sophomore forward Herb Pope was ejected from the game for punching Texas Tech player Darko Cohadarevic in the groin, and Gonzalez himself received his seventh technical foul of the season.
In January 2010 he suffered his second loss by TKO to Marco Antonio Rubio for the WBC Latino]] middleweight title.
Weise played in his 400th career NHL game on October 19, 2017, in a loss to the Nashville Predators.
In the last book, it was revealed that she gave Alistair a short-term memory loss pill before her death, which helps them make sure Isabel Kabra wouldn't remember any clues of how to make the Master Serum.
He made his debut against Stevenage on 23 February, and scored his first goal for the club in the following game on 26 February in a 2–1 loss at home to Doncaster Rovers.
Rocks and soils are inherently unstable, a factor in the landslide that caused much loss of life in 1959.
A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda: Conoidea) 5: loss of planktotrophy and pairs of species, with the description of four new species.
It may also be useful for the treatment of acne and hair loss.
The Cranbrook Royals successfully protested against their loss in the 5th game in the series, resulting in the game being awarded to Cranbrook.
On April 18, in Portland's first MLS game of the season, Clark had to come off in a 1–0 loss to Cascadia Cup rivals Vancouver Whitecaps due to a thigh injury.
Its loss of mailing privileges at the hands of the Wilson administration's Postmaster General, Albert S. Burleson in 1917 sounded the death knell for the publication.
The match ended in a 1–4 loss for the Amsterdam side, with Danny Hoesen scoring the only goal, off of an assist from his teammate Christian Eriksen.
 sorry for your loss 1:54
O'Connor was never brought to trial, however, owing to the loss of a test case by the state on a similar complaint.
His first career sack (half) came against Southern Miss for a 3-yard loss.
There would be further frustration for the Reds on the road, after a dismal performance and a deserved 2–0 loss to Stoke City on a Saturday evening.
In Round 5, Taupau made his first grade debut against the New Zealand Warriors off the interchange bench in the Bulldogs 30-24 loss at ANZ Stadium, in what was his only appearance of the season.
Dr. Bagchi's death is a loss not only to Visva Bharati with which he was connected over a period of years, but to the cause of scholarship throughout the country.
He made his debut the following 28 March, replacing Tom Lawrence for the final 17 minutes of a 1–0 friendly loss to Ukraine in Kiev.
Association between glycosylated hemoglobin and intentional weight loss in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study.
The helicopter suffered extensive damage and was written off as a total loss, but despite the severity of the crash there were no fatalities.
i-Shine: an after-school program for "support to siblings of sick children, children living with an ill parent, and those living with untimely loss in their homes"
For example, non-EU financial firms, that based themselves in the City of London in the expectation of continued participation in the European Single Market and subsequently having suffered adverse consequences of the loss of such access under different arrangements, may have an actionable case against the UK Government.
The ground is flat with an open aspect to the prevailing winds, resulting in virtually no loss or turbulence due to topographical features.
The loss of Knin accelerated the Ottoman advance, while Bihać took the leading role in Croatia's defenses south of the Sava River.
Just one week later, he came on as a substitute again in extra time of the team's 2-1 semifinal loss in San Antonio against a Scorpions side that would go on to win The Championship.
The Red Raiders came into their final regular season, on Thanksgiving weekend at Jones AT&T Stadium, seeking revenge for their 2009 road loss to the Houston Cougars.
In a lawsuit against Texaco, lawyers pointed to the actual loss of money by oil companies after oil exploitation to prove that sustainable practices on the front end would benefit the company and the land.
∆Ssc is the loss of translational and rotational entropy upon making the complex.
Following his loss in the Senate race, Bauman began working with the poor and homeless in Portland, organizing vigils and protests to draw attention to their plight.
As a vast corporation with a large amount of capital, the company was able to undersell the Americans, taking a loss, for years on end.
His prolific work had to be abandoned from 1952 due to his gradual loss of sight.
On January 5, 2018, Parakhouski recorded a season-high 16 points, shooting 7-of-10 from the field, along with eight rebounds and two steals in an 81–93 loss to Real Madrid.
Vancouver won three of the four games that were played in the regular season; their only loss to San Jose came in a shootout.
Le Mans relegation was confirmed following their 3–2 loss away to Nancy, while Boulogne suffered relegation after losing 1–0 to Saint-Étienne, who both Boulogne and Le Mans were trailing.
Others are idiosyncratic:   (simple loss of NC),   (vowel change),  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .
The year between 2018 and 2019 had the largest year-to-year population loss, and in 2020 Baltimore lost more population than any other major city in the United States.
The winning family gained an extra 2 kg off their weight loss.
Lautenberg's campaign was largely self-funded, giving him an advantage in a year when Democratic fundraising was hard to come by following Williams's scandal and James Florio's narrow, expensive loss in the 1981 election for governor.
Such a result often strongly affects a child's access and connection to half their family and may cause the loss of their former language, culture, name and nationality, it violates numerous children's rights, and can cause severe psychological and emotional trauma to the child and family left behind.
Osteoporosis is a condition causing weakening of the bone due to loss of bone substance.
Chronic alcoholism can disrupt thiamin absorption and thiamin deficiency contributes to neurodegeneration and memory loss in alcoholics known as Wernicke's encephalopathy.
While unloading troops and supplies at Gona on 21 July 1942, she was bombed by United States Army Air Forces and Royal Australian Air Force bombers and was sunk at , with the loss of forty lives and three vehicles.
Their rule was not a return to the Polish state as it existed before the period of fragmentation, because of the loss of internal cohesion and territorial integrity.
Industry claimed that disasters are infrequent and that this spill was an isolated incident and rejected claims of a loss of industry credibility.
Yet most archaeological material contains components which causes either addition mass gain or additional mass loss during the RHX measurement process.
Even if Ellsworth was viewed as "a valuable acquisition to the Court," and "a great loss to the Senate," he resigned after just four years due to his "constant, and at times excruciating pains," sufferings made worse by his Europe travels, as special envoy to France.
In severe cases, hypoglycemia can lead to loss of consciousness if not treated.
Despite some weight loss, it was determined that plankton can potentially sustain humans in distress.
Without loss of generality, we can assume that  (if not, then replace  with , which will still be a root of ).
Sanchez made his professional debut on June 9, 2007, with a submission loss to Jerome Griego at Gladiator Challenge 65.
On December 15, 2013, Ward made nine combined tackles, deflected a pass, and returned a fumble recovery for a touchdown during a 38-31 loss against the Chicago Bears in Week 15.
On January 8, 2012, Sanders caught six passes for 81 yards during a 29–23 overtime loss to the Denver Broncos in the AFC Wild Card Round.
In the game, Sanders caught five passes for 86 yards and his first touchdown of the season in the 24–16 road loss.
The league increased by one team for the fourth season in a row despite the loss of three teams; the Barrow Bombers, Long Eaton Archers and Sunderland Gladiators.
In week 5 of the 2019 season against the Oakland Raiders, McManis forced a fumble on Trevor Davis on the goal line in the 24–21 loss.
Grimm played in 54 games and started 15 over four seasons at Virginia Tech, recording 214 tackles, 26.5 tackles for loss, 11.5 sacks, nine forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and two interceptions.
Senior Kerrin Sperry made 41 saves in the loss, ending her collegiate career with a program-record 85 wins and 13 shutouts.
He recorded 6.5 sacks and 11 tackles for loss during final two seasons with the Cajuns.
They played finals in three of those years and were notably eliminated from the 1988 finals series with a 93-point loss to Coburg.
In round 9 against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Sims scored his first club try for the Knights in the 30–10 loss at Brookvale Oval.
UPBs are not necessarily intended to harm the organization, although the UPBs may result in adverse consequences to the organization, such as a loss of trust and goodwill, or in criminal charges against the organization.
She competed with Latvia women's national basketball team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she scored 47 points in 5 games, including 18 in a loss to South Korea.
The Mets began the 1969 season in a mediocre way: an opening day home loss of 11–10 to the expansion Montreal Expos was followed by a record of 21–23 through the end of May.
He handed Jewtuszko his first professional loss via unanimous decision (29–28, 29–28, 29–28).
Detection performance loss is less likely to occur in cases where the target signal exhibits a high saliency.
Tobacco reduction or increased regulation of the industry would result in loss of jobs.
In April and May 2003, he suffered from a slight loss of form which did not change the fact that he had significantly contributed to a positive season for the club.
According to NASA, the most likely cause of the aborted docking was traced to the activation of the TORU "Klest" TV transmitter, which created interference with TORU manual rendezvous system, causing a loss of the TORU command link between spacecraft and the ISS that triggered the abort of the Progress docking.
Fired:  La Toya Jackson – for admitting that she had been the weakest member of Backbone and that John Rich and Lil Jon were not responsible for the loss.
Ultimately, the Dragons slipped from seventh to tenth place due to their own loss to the Weißenhorn Youngstars and the parallel triumphs of the LicherBasketBären, the TG s.OliverWürzburg and the Skyliners Frankfurt II and had the first time in the club's history in the ProB relegation round.
In his first start, he took a loss.
The crisis led to a loss of confidence in the Greek economy, indicated by a widening of bond yield spreads and rising cost of risk insurance on credit default swaps compared to the other Eurozone countries, particularly Germany.
Nicotine gum has similar effects to cigarettes in terms of appetite suppression, and there are some people  who do not smoke, but use nicotine gum for the purpose of weight control or weight loss.
Bears made his Bellator debut at Bellator 16 against Brent Weedman and was knocked out in the first round, the first knockout loss of Bear's career.
Kristoff founded the first volunteer urban high angle rescue team – the Canadian Highrise Emergency Aerial Response Team (HEART), a non-profit organization whose aim is to "minimize the loss of life and to increase the safety of the public."
His first came on 11 July 2009, as he played the full 90 minutes in a 0–1 loss against Cape Verde for the Lusophony Games.
Many cuamiles are terraced with retaining walls for the prevention of soil loss.
In July, however, he suffered a shock knockout loss to Tyrone Wright, and followed it up by retiring on his stool against Richard Turba, after suffering a badly broken jaw, which prevented him boxing for the following 12 months.
The rupture worsened as the afternoon progressed, eventually resulting in the loss of access to clean water from the Quabbin and Wachusett Reservoirs for approximately two million residents of 31 cities and towns, including Boston.
11 September 2010: Newcastle's 26-game unbeaten home record at St James' Park is ended with a 2–0 loss to Blackpool.
 Profit and the Loss (1917)
With the support of the board, Mullin prevailed, but this led to the loss of a large number of students and faculty.
The next play Frazer was sacked by Frank Alexander for an eight-yard loss.
Upon return to England, McClure was immediately court martialled and pardoned for the loss of the Investigator, according to custom.
Z35 struck one or more mines and sank with the loss of all but 70 crewmen.
He only loses 2 kg this week for a weight loss percentage of -1.89%.
Belgium then defeated Denmark, with the match stopped at 9–1 when Denmark's loss (and elimination) was assured.
Irish Nationwide made a pretax loss of €280 million for the year, after writing off €464 million on bad loans, a 10-fold increase on the 2007 figure.
The notion of “best possible” relies upon the choice of a particular loss function — the function which quantifies the relative degree of undesirability of estimation errors of different magnitudes.
The 401st Group did not suffer the combat loss of an airplane until its ninth mission on 30 December.
During Week 4, Church recorded a season-high six combined tackles in a 34–30 loss to the Detroit Lions.
After his brother's knockout loss to Michael Chandler, Freire moved up to the lightweight division to earn a title shot in order to face Chandler.
Due to the onset of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, Dastoor cancelled the final two operas in the 2019–20 season and immediately launched the Opera San José Artist and Musicians Relief Fund, one of the nation's first relief funds to help musicians, artists, and artisans affected by the sudden loss of work due to COVID-19.
Five of the Landing Craft Assault carrying the Commando ashore were sunk by mines and beach obstacles with the loss of 76 of the 420 men in the Commando.
Furthermore, Gracey had poor communications with his higher headquarters in Burma because his American signal detachment was abruptly withdrawn by the U.S. government for political reasons; it was a loss that could not be rectified for several weeks.
Dakin resigned his Shadow Cabinet position in June 2016 citing loss of confidence in the Labour leader.
Instead, several hallmarks of necrosis are observed, such as caspase-independent cell death, the loss of plasma membrane integrity, the collapse of mitochondrial membrane potential, and the depletion of intracellular ATP.
The flood of 2004 demonstrated the severity of flood problem when a vast area of  was badly affected by the floods of Bagmati, Kamala and the Adhwara groups of rivers causing loss of about 800 human lives.
During his first season there, he received his first cap for Georgia on February 14, 2004 against Portugal and scored a try in the 14–19 loss.
One extreme example is Shanidar 1, who shows signs of an amputation of the right arm likely due to a nonunion after breaking a bone in adolescence, osteomyelitis (a bone infection) on the left clavicle, an abnormal gait, vision problems in the left eye, and possible hearing loss (perhaps swimmer's ear).
One of the Superfortresses was strafed and destroyed by Japanese aircraft after landing at Neihsiang with engine trouble, and a further two aircraft crashed with the loss of their entire crews and a correspondent from the magazine Newsweek.
On 20 November 2010, Sissoko received a red card – for the first time in his Scottish career – in a 3–2 loss against Rangers.
Loss of the stewardship forced him to resume teaching until 1794, when he moved to Newcastle-on-Tyne.
This would have represented a loss of ten seats for Labour and one each for the Liberal Democrats, Scottish National Party and the Conservatives.
His 2021 loss marked the second time he was voted out of office, the first being his defeat in the 2002 Victorian state election.
Umberto Scotti, a striker born in Ticino Oriano on January 27, 1885, was one of the first players to play for Italian side A.C. Milan; he cut off his career short after a loss to Juventus F.C.
On March 24, 2012, Jenkins scored career-high 27 points in a 90–87 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers, continuing to post improved numbers until the end of the season and finishing with an average of 5.8 points and 3.3 assists in 51 games, 28 of them starts.
After accumulating an undefeated record fighting on the European kickboxing and Muay Thai circuit, his first loss came at the hands of  Giorgio Petrosyan   in an Muay Thai Association (MTA) European -65 kg/143 lb title fight in Gorizia, Italy on February 26, 2005.
Pysyk recorded his first career WHL goal on March 8, 2008, in a 4–1 loss to the Brandon Wheat Kings, helping the team maintain their 20–37-4 record.
Over the years a loss in member numbers reduced the growth of the organization to a crawl.
Loss of the ship
Soon after their Venice honeymoon, Anna begins acting strange; experiencing sudden fatigue, grogginess, and memory loss (even forgetting her best friend).
Goaltender Alyssa Moyer made her GMHL debut in a 7–5 loss to the Shelburne Red Wings, making 21 saves.
She played her last professional match in 2004—a first-round loss to Dally Randriantefy in an ITF event.
Will has accepted their loss, and professes his love for Emma and kisses her.
He also wrote "The Poet's Lamentation for the Loss of his Cat, which he us'd to call his Muse", "On Mr. B—s's singing an Hymn of his own composing", "To the Author of the Poetry in the last Weekly Journal", "A True Impartial Account of the Celebration of the Prince of Orange's Nuptials at Portsmouth", "Inscription under Revd.
A 2–1 home loss to league leaders Crawley Town on 5 October left Luton eight points behind them.
It has been argued that people with cerebral palsy need to maintain a higher level of fitness than the general population to offset loss of functionality as they age.
CET1 capital comprises shareholders equity (including audited profits), less deductions of accounting reserve that are not believed to be loss absorbing "today", including goodwill and other intangible assets.
Due to the loss of supplies, the conservatives under General Miramón failed to take Veracruz from the liberals for a second time.
Hopkins mourned his Cicily all the rest of his days, carrying with him a deep anger at her loss, as evidenced by his personal journals.
In an interview with Maj Gen Chu Phong Doi, Commander of the 324B Division in 2004 in Cao Bang, Vietnam, he admitted to then Maj Gen (Ret) Harrison that he had suffered the loss of eight of his nine infantry battalions.
Alice Farren-Bradley, of the Art Loss Register in London, described the theft as "one of the biggest art heists ever, considering the estimated value, the prominence of the artists and the high profile of the museum."
Acho forced a fumble while sacking quarterback Joe Flacco for a ten-yard loss in the third quarter.
Two spectacular goals by Teófilo Cubillas meant that the result was a 3–1 loss.
Late pre-production English Electric Lightning F.1, XG334 of the Air Fighting Development Squadron, RAF Coltishall, Norfolk, aircraft 'A', crashes near Wells-next-the-Sea after suffering complete hydraulic failure, resulting in loss of all control-surface power and hydraulic services.
USS John F. Kennedy, CVA-67 suffers its second accident, only one day after the loss of an RA-5C Vigilante on launch, when a McDonnell-Douglas F-4J Phantom II from VF-101 is lost while attempting a night recovery.
His greatest success was "Seoul, Winter, 1964," a work that crystallized a Korean sense of loss and meaninglessness attendant to the industrialization of Korea and resulting nihilism.
Tevez conceded that he was aware his first goal was offside at the time, although Aguirre deflected the blame for his side's loss away from the refereeing.
The next day an assembly of allied Indian leaders gathered; they were also indignant at the loss of their peoples' lands and their freedom to the Spanish.
However, their calculations may omit ecological effects that are difficult to quantify economically (such as human deaths or loss of biodiversity) or whose economic consequences will manifest slowly.
He played in the All-Ireland semi-final, and despite scoring a goal, loss to Mayo in Croke Park latter in the summer.
Mares who suffer from endometrosis seem to be unable to produce enough histotrophe, which leads to an embryonic loss of the foal.
 Battle of Kaprolat, greatest loss of life of Norwegian SS fighters
However, assimilation policies including the wide-scale slaughter of community dogs between 1950 and 1970, the High Arctic relocation as well as forced participation within the Canadian Indian residential school system has left Inuit society with language loss and intergenerational trauma.
Stiffness degradation: Progressive loss of stiffness in each loading cycle
Lawrence has won his last nine fights inside the distance dating back to 2009, with his last loss being against veteran Oliver McCall.
With the loss, the Rebels fell below .500 for the third time on the year, and fell to 3–4 for the second time under Houston Nutt.
They finished with a record of 7–6 (4–5 Pac-10) and a loss to Oklahoma State in the Alamo Bowl.
The absence of his mother had a strong impact on Guido's personality, also due to his father's frequent travels; when Olga died in 1924, the loss struck the twelve-year-old boy powerfully.
Following the Apuesta loss the storyline began to focus more on the rivalry between Faby Apache and Sexy Star and less on Billy Boy.
A loss of 19 to 70 lives occurred depending on the source.
Balbi was knocked down twice en route to a fourth round loss via technical knockout, thus handing the title to M'baye.
Reading dominated the Championship, setting a new league record of 33 league games unbeaten between the opening day defeat by Plymouth Argyle and the loss at Luton Town in February; these were the only league defeats the team would suffer that season.
However, a loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning on April 2 eliminated the team from playoff contention.
Larry in West Adelaide's 34-point win over Sturt at Football Park in front of 47,129 fans, and just one day earlier Tim in Essendon's 83-point loss to Hawthorn in the VFL Grand Final at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) in front of 110,332 fans.
Mexico's agricultural sector also suffered, with 42,000 ha (100,000 ac) of crops affected by Patricia, of which 15,000 ha (37,000 ac) were deemed a total loss.
On March 15, 2011, he passed his previous career high, scoring 27 points in a loss to the Chicago Bulls.
These may result in fines and sometimes the loss of one's driver's license, but no jail time.
The loss rate was higher in certain periods than others, reflecting greater or lesser attention and standards of shipbuilding, organization, supervision, training, etc.
There were few changes from the previous season, with the addition of the South African PGA Championship, and the loss of the Open V33 Grand Lyon and the Belgian Open.
Temporary layoffs, loss of jobs, and even shut downs all had to be executed because of supply and demand.
Over 100 years later in 1943, a broken axle caused by an overheated journal box caused a far greater loss of life when the Congressional Limited crashed in Philadelphia.
The loss was confirmed in 2012, after the downing of a RF-4E on the Syrian Coast.
Tech's drive faltered after the penalty: Taylor threw an incomplete pass, then was sacked for a 16-yard loss, and the Hokies punted to the Stanford 28-yard line.
Unlike other films that have been made with this backdrop, this film does not descend into bleakness or the loss of hope.
The investigators concluded that tesofensine could produce at least twice the weight loss of currently approved anti-obesity drugs and should be evaluated in phase 3 trials.
After grieving the loss of the child, the marriage ended in an amicable divorce.
In 2005, Sebastian co-organized a media initiative in the Arctic with Global Green USA in defense of the Inuit's cultural loss to climate change.
On March 4, 2018, Valentin made his first appearance of the 2018 season, coming on as a substitute in a 2–1 loss to LA Galaxy in matchweek 1.
It also included redundant uninterruptible power supplies which would power the unit for a short time during a brownout, and allow the system to safely shut down in case of a total power loss.
The FM signal helps make up for some of the loss in coverage to the north of Olney during nighttime hours when the AM station broadcasts with only 7 watts.
On the final episode of the fifth season of NXT on June 13, Watson teamed with Derrick Bateman in a loss to Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks.
The U-Boat surfaced and finished off the stricken freighter with five hits out of eight rounds from the deck gun and she sank with the loss of six men.
The Stirling crashed west of Vlissingen with loss of the crew.
 Electric power saving because of lower press running time as well as lower consumption of energy carriers required to reheat metal between forging passes and lower metal loss during reheating
The loss marked her first in their six-match head-to-head record.
While actually completed, it is frequently cited as an unfinished film, though better described as a partially lost film due to the loss of film elements.
He could do so now without loss of face; and in order to make the outcome acceptable to the Saka, he released the prisoners of war without ransom.
In this case, the loss of Set2 allows for the expression of exon-derived CUTs as opposed to intergenic-derived transcripts, showing the role that histones play in controlling intragenic-derived CUTs.
The loss at Forks Road placed the Cape Fear Port in the hands of the Union cutting off supply lines to General Robert E. Lee in Northern Virginia and leading to the final surrender of the Confederate Army.
Large-bodied animals require larger habitats in order to maintain viable populations, and are most strongly impacted by habitat loss and fragmentation.
56 Squadron over Maidstone and for the loss of one Bf 109 E-1 shot down, claimed two Hurricanes destroyed, both of them by Borris between Maidstone and Detling.
In the following days, more assaults took place which also failed with great loss of life, although the Spanish situation had become desperate.
Having already qualified for the next round, Cameroon then suffered their first loss (after three draws and two wins) in World Cup history, losing 4–0 to the already eliminated Soviet Union.
He competed in two events: the time trial and the road race, both in category HC B - B being "for athletes with complete loss of lower limb function and limited trunk stability".
After Egypt's loss of Gaza to Israel in 1967, amateur radio operation by civilians was generally forbidden.
In a national referendum, voters in Poland were presented with a yes-or-no choice on three issues: abolishing the Senate; supporting nationalization of industries and land, and conforming the border with the Soviet Union to reflect the loss of lands east of the Odra and Nysa rivers.
It was a 4–5 loss at North Dakota.
The loss for Friends was enough to keep the team from participating in the NAIA national championship playoffs.
Horses suffer tenderness in tendons and ligaments, weight loss, and problems with movement.
The loss of his security clearance ended Oppenheimer's role in government and policy.
Talarico resigned as chairman of the Bergen County Republican Organization following the loss of Todd Caliguire in the Republican Primary to Kevin J. O'Toole.
In Round 16, Morgan tore his calf in a loss to the Cronulla Sharks, which ruled him out for the rest of the season.
In the late 1990s, "21 million hectares of cereals in Africa were estimated to be infested by S. hermonthica, leading to an estimated annual grain loss of 4.1 million tons".
On March 27, Wade, James, and Bosh became the second trio in NBA history to have at least 30 points and 10 rebounds in the same non-overtime game (a home win against the Houston Rockets), matching Oscar Robertson, Wayne Embry and Jack Twyman for the Cincinnati Royals in a loss to the Philadelphia Warriors on February 2, 1961.
Mutations in this gene have been associated with cone-rod dystrophy with hearing loss.
In the summer of 2002 he moved straight from the lower leagues to La Liga after leaving UE Figueres to sign with Sevilla FC, but he played understudy to Antonio Notario during his spell, his only competitive appearance arriving on 21 June 2003 (the last day of the season) in a 0–3 home loss against Valencia CF.
Joseph Pierce Jr., died in a swimming accident at Millville's Union Lake in July 2000 and the organization struggled for years to recover from the loss.
This was the most points allowed by Wake Forest since a 72–13 loss to Florida State in 1995.
Factors to be determined from these experiments, such as drag, pen dynamic loads, material loss, and biological growth – well documented for nylon netting but not fully understood for copper-nickel alloy nets – will help to design fish pen enclosures made from these alloys.
His loss came as a surprise among the people and that too, with such a huge margin.
Following the landslide loss at the September 1981 election, the National Country Party and the Liberals both held 14 seats.
The members of Avengers West are called to Avengers Mansion in NYC to discuss whether or not the team is a failed experiment, considering some of their defeats, the destruction of their headquarters, and the loss of different members.
Refusing to accept any loss of control over Falcon Crest or the Tuscany Valley itself, she first attempts to buy Chase out, but must then resort to deceit, coercion, and all manner of underhanded tactics to thwart Chase's rising power.
The Foundation denied these claims, and responded that the $2 million loss was incorrect and that The Foundation had lost $270,000 from investments but had actually gained $350,000 income.
On 6 February, Ryan made his debut for Arsenal covering for suspended Bernd Leno in a 1–0 away loss at Aston Villa.
However, a first round loss to eventual league MVP Derrick Rose and the top-seeded Chicago Bulls ended the season for the Pacers.
The total direct economic loss was about 6.89 billion yuan, and 25,000 homes were damaged in the flooding in August.
He played in Rochdale's first game back in League One during the 2014–15 season, coming on as a 65th-minute substitute in the club's 1–0 home loss to Peterborough United.
 There is a loss of grey matter in the brain of CFS patients and this is at least partially reversible with successful CBT.
In a loss to  two weeks later, Astbury suffered a partial dislocation of the patella bone in his knee.
Their only defeat in these fixtures was a 1–0 loss to Barnet at Underhill Stadium.
Feral goats are particularly devastating to island ecosystems, causing direct and indirect impacts through overgrazing, which often results in ecosystem degradation and biodiversity loss.
The Soviet advance created the Izyum–Barvenkovo salient, which would be cut off by the Germans during the Second Battle of Kharkov in May 1942, causing the loss of some 300,000 Soviet soldiers.
Nadal then defeated his longtime rival Roger Federer (6-4, 7-6(5)), avenging his 2009 final loss to Federer.
The goals and activities of Bosfam continue to include providing psychosocial support for Bosnian women traumatized by the war and loss of loved ones and helping them with opportunities for income generation.
While Switzerland accepted the loss of Chiavenna itself, the Valle di Lei north of Chiavenna was indicated as Swiss territory on the Dufour map of 1858.
Wales's 1906 meeting with England at the Arms Park attracted a record crowd of around 20,000 to a 1–0 loss.
Following his loss in the 1930 general election, Frame returned to his 1,000 acre farm.
On 10 June 2013, the ABC reported that the security of Gillard's position for the September 2013 election was in doubt following the loss of significant support in the Labor caucus.
Loss of political power
On March 19, he had a 45-point game in a 115–111 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
The loss of power caused 40 maquiladoras to suspend their activities, stopping 16,000 workers.
In the second game, an 80–69 loss to the New Jersey Nets, Rolle scored nine points, brought down three rebounds, and rejected three shots.
Resignalo was relieved on his coaching duties following an April 9 loss to the Saginaw Sting.
and X-Fly) handed them their first ever loss in a steel cage weapons match, thanks to an interference from the leader of Los Perros, El Hijo del Perro Aguayo.
Cumulatively, the administration expects a loss of 173 students at East Stroudsburg Senior High School North, by 2015.
Fast scored three goals during the Rangers' 2014 preseason, including a game-tying goal in a September 22 loss to the New Jersey Devils, and two goals in a 6–3 victory over Philadelphia on September 28.
 13 November – The potential for loss in value of government bonds or an interest holiday triggers selling of Irish debt.
He made his debut in the Portuguese top flight on 20 August 2011, coming on as a late substitute in a 3–1 away loss against S.L.
A profit or loss has not been made, although opportunity costs have been "paid" and capital has received the risk-adjusted, expected return.
The Huskies lost the remaining three games; the final loss at Washington State was UW's first Apple Cup defeat in seven years.
The loss of her child induced acute depression in Mary Godwin, who was haunted by visions of the baby; but she conceived again and had recovered by the summer.
He made his last appearance with the club in a 1–0 away loss against PAOK.
The team went into the cup match on 2 December 1925 having won five of their previous six league fixtures, and were unbeaten since the 0–1 loss to Coventry City on 3 October 1925.
Paraschiv had 62 caps for Romania, from his debut in a 16–12 win over Spain, at 4 May 1975, in Madrid, for the 1974–75 FIRA Trophy, to his last game, a 49–3 loss to France, at 11 November 1987, in Agen for the 1987–89 FIRA Trophy.
He came into the competition following a loss from undefeated Kenny Anderson.
With European Union legislation requiring Melton Mowbray pork pies to be produced within a defined distance of Melton Mowbray, the company chose to close the Trowbridge plant with the loss of 400 jobs, and invest £12 million into the Nottingham plant to increase Melton Mowbray pie production.
After a shaky start to the season, in which they fell to a record of 5–7 after a November 22 loss to Toronto, the Cavaliers went on an eight-game winning streak during which Irving averaged 19.3 points per game, including a 37-point game against the New York Knicks on December 4.
On October 23, 2019, Irving debuted for the Nets with 50 points, 8 rebounds, and 7 assists in a 127–126 overtime loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves, becoming the first player in NBA history to score 50 points or more in a team debut.
After captaining for the second time, Dunk was sent off for second bookable offence, in a 3–1 loss against Huddersfield Town on 2 February 2017.
Strong had never really got over this heavy loss.
The loss of hundreds of tons of water from the port ballast tank caused Putney Hill at first to roll to starboard, until the water from her starboard ballast tank flowed through to port, equalised her and balanced the ship again.
He requests his middleman to track down the unknown thief, and initially suspects that his Thailand suppliers are responsible for the loss.
After the loss, Jewtuszko was released from the promotion.
The decision was made to trim the un-needed six inches off the nozzle, since the resulting performance loss was not critical.
Bulut was then selected for Australia's U-17 squad for a tour in Turkey which saw him score for Australia in a 2–1 loss against the Turkey U-17 national team.
On May 3, Icarus turned on Gargano, hitting him with a spear, after Gargano had attacked Dunkerton, blaming him for a six-man tag team match loss against Frightmare, Hallowicked and UltraMantis Black.
Phase one is characterised by fever, with a rectal temperature of , loss of appetite and depression.
Melena, hematemesis, hematuria, menorrhagia or hematochezia point to blood loss.
| 2015-09-27 || Loss ||align=left| Aranchai Kiatpatarapan || NJKF || Japan || Decision || 5 || 3:00 || 34-13-1
The United States' National Geophysical Data Center's significant earthquake database and the USGS' PAGER loss estimate database both list 4,020 fatalities, while the Belgian Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters' EM-DAT database, and Kubat et al.
The season started with a home and away loss, but County were still two places from the foot of the table.
McGill began the season with a 5–3 loss to John Higgins in the first round of the Wuxi Classic.
Triplets, quadruplets and higher order multiples can also experience this sort of loss.
The loss of the position and seven artillery guns was regarded by the German and Bulgarian command as irreversible due to the lack of strong artillery reserve.
The first was an 83–65 loss to Cincinnati, and the other was the first round in the 1950 NIT.
Passing  – transferring one unit (colored chip) in a single move from one branch rating to a sibling, with no gain nor loss of points.
Rubber came to be in short supply due to the loss of the rubber plantations of Southeast Asia to the Japanese.
Braking during main power loss may be required.
Both Moore and Dixon completed a college career without a single loss at home.
The last fall lasted just over six minutes, making the main event the longest match of the night at 16:11 and ended when Mr. Niebla intentionally yanked La Sombra's mask off in plain view of the referee to earn a disqualification loss.
In the 2011–12 season, El Hassnaoui made his first team return, in the opening game of the season, in a 4–1 loss against Ajax, which he talked about his return in the post-match.
Aria begins to help Ezra write his book as he gets over the loss of Nicole.
Notre Dame defeated Creighton University, 31 to 17, to finish the 1926-27 college basketball season with a record of 19 wins and one loss.
However this loss had already been recorded in 1565, as having occurred at Linlithgow during the keepership of James Sandilands, perhaps the one later said to have been cut by "Andro Cockburn fule."
It sailed in January 1942 and arrived in Murmansk with the loss of one escort sunk, and one ship damaged.
The team avenged their 2010 loss to Spain by defeating the defending champions with a stunning 5–1 victory in their opening game.
1573 – The loss of Cyprus is ratified in the peace of 1573
Should not be used on welded structures made of low-carbon, high-strength steels, which can suffer loss of physical properties and/or crack initiation if thermally stress relieved.
Workers who strike are generally strongly motivated, even with protected strikes, because there is much risk of loss.
In head-to-head match-ups they each had one win and one loss, they each had scored as many as they had allowed.
|| Loss ||align=left| Franz Haller || || Bolzano, Italy || Decision || 5 || 3:00
In film, Weisman has appeared in Stephen Cone's 2013 drama Black Box and the 2019 political thriller An Acceptable Loss.
With this loss, Barthel dropped from thirty-six to sixty-four in the world rankings.
In the year of the premiership he was also listed at the West Coast Eagles but played just once, in a loss to St Kilda at Moorabbin Oval where he had six kicks and two handballs.
He then scored his second goal of the season on 29 March 2014, in a 4–1 loss against Watford.
sulfuric acid, 10%: mass loss 0.1% per day.
A loss to UCLA hurt their chances at a Pac-10 title, though they won their next two games to get back to #15 and in the hunt for a shared title before a matchup with Washington State in the Apple Cup at Husky Stadium.
In 2002, Sofa King Killer released Lust Crimes And Holiness with record label At A Loss Recordings.
The swords used are so razor-like that they cut without bruising so that the lips of the wounds can be closely pressed, leaving no great disfigurement, such, for example, as is brought about by the loss of an ear."
Unwittingly, he is fulfilling a prophecy which states that loss of the stone falcons shall bring desolation to the people and the land.
Loss of habitat has been listed as one of the major threats to the Grey-crowned Babbler (P. temporalis), Painted Honeyeater (G. picta), the Regent Honeyeater (X. phrygia), and the Swift Parrot (L. discolour).
Following a loss in Dunedin and a win in Wellington, the series with the All Blacks was level going into the 3rd Test at Lancaster Park, Christchurch.
R136a1 is undergoing extreme mass loss through a stellar wind reaching a velocity of .
The first is the loss of revenue for the Treasury, which would increase the budget deficit unless other taxes are raised or expenses curtailed, and no agreement has been reached on the means to achieve that balance.
In October 2012, she climbed the BT Tower in aid of Action on Hearing Loss.
The loss of the n at the end of the word, whilst not common in Irish placenames, has occasionally occurred elsewhere.
"The whole Christian population", he wrote, "is with us in a temporary entrenchment and our defence has been noble and wonderful, our loss heavy and cruel.
Born in Palma del Río, Córdoba, León joined Real Betis' youth ranks at the age of 15 and made his debut for the first team on 27 March 2010, playing 26 minutes in place of Juanma in a 0–1 Segunda División loss against Girona FC at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera.
Kessler concentrates in hospice, palliative care, grief and loss.
Philip's loss of the priorship to Remegius, Cuthbert's assassination attempt on Jack, and William murdering Regan are also creations seen in episode 7 of the series.
Her writing and teaching has garnered her acclaim as a writer,  writing instructor, and expert on early parent loss.
Four days later he made his only La Liga appearance in a loss by the same score away to Sevilla FC in the Seville derby, as a 27th-minute substitute for the injured David Rivas.
Following the loss, May served as Chief Operating Officer of Wisdom Natural Brands, until retiring in 2008.
Archduke Leopold Wilhem succeeded in attacking the French fleet at Dunkirk and defeated it with great loss, while the Grand Admiral Duke of Vendôme captured the fortress of Bourg-sur-Gironde from the Spanish on 4 July 1653, investing Bordeaux shortly after.
More importantly, several SMC possessed equivalent levels of keratinolytic efficiency compared to the initial consortium, showing that simplification can be achieved without loss of function and efficiency.
Ludogorets however shortly exited the competition after failing to overcome Copenhagen with an initial 1:2 home loss and a 0:0 away draw.
This caused further criticism for the site and a drastic loss of visitors, dropping over 400,000 slots in Alexa Internet traffic ranking, but the site continues to serve a humble number of visitors.
A third shot only inflicted a shallow wound, with the flame actually aiding Vlad by stopping blood loss from the wound with the heat from the flame.
We regret the loss of life and are investigating the exact circumstances of this tragedy.
What followed was a double loss against Feyenoord: 0–3 and 0–2.
As a consequence of the transformation processes in Central and Eastern Europe whole industries disappeared, leading to the loss of customers of electronic industrial products in this region.
A loss of form that season saw him return to the Challenge Tour in 1999, where he again struggled, failing to make the cut in any of his 11 starts.
The one who has the highest percentage of weight loss will get to join the others on campus.
He made his professional regular season debut in the St. Louis Rams' season-opener against the Minnesota Vikings and recorded three solo tackles during their 34–6 loss.
He made his first team – and Série A – debut on 20 August 2009, coming on as a second-half substitute for Jorbison in a 1–2 home loss against Cruzeiro.
The model provides a double incentivization in the form of loss aversion and the opportunity to gain.
In 2010 the seat was enlarged, following the loss of a Birmingham constituency, and included Stechford & Yardley North, together with the South Yardley and Sheldon wards.
On January 22, Sadie St. Germain scored the only goal in a 3–1 loss to Niagara on Saturday.
On the ensuing Michigan possession, the Buckeye defense sacked Henne for a loss of three yards as the first quarter ended.
He made his first appearance five days later, playing 15 minutes and converting his attempt in the 4–3 shootout loss against Lazio in the quarter-finals of the Coppa Italia (1–1 after 120 minutes).
Striker Roque Santa Cruz, a summer signing from Bayern Munich, had the season of his life, scoring 19 league goals, making up for Benni McCarthy's loss of form.
In the Wild Card Round against the Titans, he had an 11-yard reception in the 20–13 loss.
The last five years account for 80% of that loss.
During the court martial, which took place in October, he was honourably acquitted for the loss of his ship.
On 26 January 2018, he had a season-high 28 points and 14 rebounds in a 97–93 loss to the Utah Jazz.
The 33–22 loss to New Zealand in the final was the first time that Ford had tasted defeat with an England team since March 2008, when he was playing for the U16s.
She was also a finalist for the 2017 National Magazine Award for "When Things Go Missing," an essay about loss and the death of her father.
On arriving back at Jamaica Roddam was tried by court martial for the loss of his ship.
The defeat was Hansen's first of four consecutive appearances in the second games of doubleheaders, the third of which was another start and his third loss of the year.
On May 27, he struck out one batter and allowed a single hit in  innings, and earned his first loss of the year in an extra-inning defeat by the Phillies the following day; he entered the game in the seventh inning and allowed 3 runs over  frames to total a 5–2 final score.
In the team's final June contest, he allowed ten runs (nine earned) to the Detroit Tigers in an 18–1 St. Louis loss.
However, this clearly post-dated Proto-Tocharian, because the former *kʷ often rounded adjacent vowels prior to its loss, in a way that differed between A and B (e.g.
Following this, a Catholic major delivered a long speech, extolling the character and achievements of Diệm, and mourning his loss.
It was the seventh straight loss by the Coyotes to Nebraska, and the 14th straight in the series without a South Dakota Victory since their one and only win against the Cornhuskers from 1899.
She registered Niagara’s first goal in a 4-2 loss to St. Lawrence.
Nebraska's hopes to put up a win for the homecoming crowd in Lincoln were dashed when Kansas arrived and dealt a two-point loss to the Cornhuskers, snapping Nebraska's five-game winning streak over the Jayhawks.
Following the loss to Kansas State and still not fully recovered from early season injuries, Nebraska traveled to Syracuse with third-stringers starting in some positions.
Zahabi had become Georges St-Pierre’s main coach after GSP’s loss to Matt Serra (UFC 69).
In August 2013, he captained Inter for the first time in a friendly match against Real Madrid in the United States, which ended in a 3–0 loss.
But although the narrator now grieves the loss, he realizes that he did not really know his beloved that well and he acknowledges that he had been less than perfect in his relationship with the now absent beloved:
In 1999 he played 20 games for the first time, including another one point preliminary final loss.
At issue is the impact of excessive road density on wolf mortality and further loss of habitat for the primary prey (deer), among other issues.
His debut came on 7 April 1976, in a 1–3 friendly loss to Italy.
Türkkan spent the opening months of the 2007–08 season at SV Babelsberg 03 in Potsdam, making 10 appearances, nine in the then-Tier III Regionalliga Nord (scoring one goal) and one in the 2007–08 DFB-Pokal first round loss to MSV Duisburg.
It is threatened by hunting and habitat loss.
He had been appointed on 29 May 2010 again as a manager of PFC Nesebar to replace Georgi Vasilev who left after loss the play-off against Akademik Sofia with a result of 1:2 for promotion to the A PFG.
Bennett made his Doncaster Rovers debut, in the opening game of the season, coming on as a substitute for Ryan Mason in the 75th minute, in a 2–1 loss against Brighton & Hove Albion.
His second goal then came on 29 March 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Chamois Niortais.
After the loss to Ferguson, Barboza decided to move to New Jersey to train at Mark Henry's and Ricardo Almeida's MMA team.
The mine and its owners have been criticised in the past for the loss of land for local farmers, the pollution and drying-up of local rivers and watersources and the lack of action to combat these issues.
On October 16, 2010, Lattimore scored two touchdowns in a road loss to the Kentucky Wildcats before missing the rest of the game with an ankle injury.
The refinery reported a loss of 829.4 million dollars in 1998, partially due to a union boycott.
A British national of Hungarian Jewish extraction, the Holocaust and the loss of many members of his family in Auschwitz have influenced his creative works which have increasingly focused on the struggle against social injustices especially racism.
Damien Vryce is left wondering what to do with the rest of his life, mourning the loss of Tarrant when he is approached by an arrogant youth who suggests that if Tarrant had been willing to sacrifice his identity, so he could never reclaim his former life, he could have created the illusion of his death and survived.
On his debut for the club on 31 January, he scored a hat-trick in a 4–3 away loss against Real Cartagena.
He got the loss in that game.
Ijmaes finished with 65 tackles 1 tackle for loss 1 forced fumble 2 fumble recoveries 12 pass break-ups and 7 interception, 1 for a touchdown.
On 6 June, in the final against Barcelona in Berlin, he scored the equaliser early in the second half of a 1–3 loss.
However, due to their loss to SMU, they did not represent the division in the 2010 Conference USA Championship Game.
Despite damage to his ship and the loss of several men on board as enemy fire raked her decks, Sgt.
In Vibrio cholerae, multiple type II toxin-antitoxin systems located in a super-integron were shown to prevent the loss of gene cassettes.
By the time private-sector television arrived, though, the film industry was struggling and all that it had once encompassed was looked upon both with a sense of loss and with fondness.
He made his debut playing as a striker in their 1–0 loss to England on 3 September.
He added four appearances in their run in the FA Cup, including the semi-final loss to Manchester City at Wembley; he played 25 league games during the season, as the team secured their division status for the second time a row.
To compensate for the loss of electorate, the ward was extended westwards to take in areas of north Harborne.
'NJIT: NJIT Community Mourns Loss of Dr. Gary Thomas' (archived)
In many cases, in question the loss, theft and destruction of the ID cards occurred several times for the same resident during these three years.
On October 5, 2017, Robinson sustained a concussion during the first quarter of the Buccaneers' 19–14 loss to the New England Patriots in Week 5.
On October 11, 2015, in a game against the Denver Broncos, Howard attempted a chop block on Denver Broncos' linebacker Von Miller but missed, allowing Miller to sack Raiders quarterback Derek Carr, forcing Carr to fumble and changing the momentum of a game that ultimately ended in a Raiders loss.
To Be a Lady was mounted as a star vehicle for Bouchier, who at the time was one of Britain's biggest home-grown female screen stars, and one of the few who had been able to make the transition from silent to sound films without any loss in popularity.
Following that match another loss, this time to Albion 6–0.
2016: First Chatham Cup match between Moturoa and New Plymouth Rangers results in a round two loss 2–0.
The ship's owners were eventually able to recover some compensation from the state for their loss.
On hearing of the disaster Hitler was devastated by the loss of Arndt, rather than of his archives."
15 SeptemberThe first Convair B-36 Peacemaker loss occurs when B-36B 44-92079 of the 9th Bomb Squadron, 7th Bomb Wing, crashed into Lake Worth during a night "maximum effort" mission takeoff from Carswell AFB in Texas.
Sole prototype Douglas 7B twin-engine attack bomber, designed and built as a company project, suffers loss of vertical fin and rudder during demonstration flight over Mines Field (now Los Angeles International Airport, California), flat spins into parking lot of North American Aviation, burns.
He later matched his career-high of 17 rebounds, scoring 19 points this time around, in a 121–119 overtime loss to the San Antonio Spurs on 14 December in Mexico City.
Panicked by recent memory loss, they quickly run into some very familiar faces.
Following the loss of the Mexican National title AAA decided to create a new title, the AAA World Mini-Estrellas Championship as the centerpiece of their Mini-Estrellas division, won by Mini Charly Manson.
whether the respondent to the application would by reason of the delay suffer irremediable prejudice in addition to the mere loss of time if the application were permitted to proceed;
In addition to focusing on Lorrain's story, the film explores what other obese people are doing to lose weight, and hears from medical authorities on misconceptions and practices in the weight loss industry.
Unlike the butyl homolog JWH-073, which is several times weaker than JWH-018, the hexyl homolog is only slightly less potent, although extending the chain one carbon longer to the heptyl homolog JWH-020 results in dramatic loss of activity.
Legends state that each gate, once passed, cause increasing disorientation and eventual loss of self.
The next few games had their ups and downs for Threet, a very close 20–19 loss at Camp Randall Stadium in Madison, started a downward spiral for the Sun Devils in 2010.
On the night of 13 October, after a 2–1 loss in Slovakia's second UEFA Nations League fixture and a derby match against the Czech Republic, they left the hotel and went out, missed the bedtime and violated the wellness policy, regarding regeneration and rehabilitation.
Even with the loss, Buffalo was still , while Chicago was , 0.5 games behind Buffalo in the standings (Buffalo played more games earlier in the season).
He made his second Torquay United debut on 6 August 2016, started the match before being substituted in the 57th minutes, in a 2–0 loss against Macclesfield Town in the opening game of the season.
He appeared in just 14 competitive matches during his spell in Andalusia – scoring his only goal in a 2–4 La Liga home loss against Atlético Madrid– being successively loaned to A.C. Siena, S.C. Braga and Académica de Coimbra.
Habitat loss and other factors partly responsible for ptarmigan deaths—such as predation and competition—were not studied during the 28-year period.
New Zealand's successful 1982 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign ruined their season, however; despite being granted postponements of several matches due to the loss of several top players and coach Kevin Fallon, they could not maintain their form once they resumed, and the backlog proved too much for them to cope with.
To prevent any further loss of market share, Qantas responded by creating a new cut-price subsidiary airline, Jetstar Airways.
On 6 August 2011, Tutte made his re-debut for the club in a 2–0 loss against Sheffield Wednesday before coming off for Chris O'Grady which was last appearance before joining them.
The side were only defeated once all season, by Manurewa, and followed that loss up with a string of six victories which produced an aggregate goal tally of 18-0.
Coventry City finished 15th in the Premiership – four places lower than last season – but were never in any real danger of being relegated, despite the loss of key striker Dion Dublin to local rivals Aston Villa.
On January 5, 2019, he scored a season-high 21 points in a 110–101 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
Although the shallow-rooting tendency of dewberry makes it susceptible to damage by fire, it spreads quickly over a site by rhizomes, and can become an important component of ground cover after low and moderate-intensity disturbance, thereby reducing soil water loss from evaporation.
The film's theme of loss of sexual desire, and by implication impotence, was exceptionally frank for its time; oddly, however, it appears to have been passed for release without interference by the British film censors, who at this time had a reputation for extreme zealousness where sexual matters in film were concerned.
At June 19 of 2009 he loss to Luke Rockhold by rear naked choke.
A disastrous fire occurred on 6 April 1904, when damage was done to the vestry and the roof of the inner vestry, causing the loss of an ancient brass alms dish, prayer books and a cupboard full of clerical robes.
In January 2013, Bateman entered the NXT Tag Team Championship tournament along with Alex Riley, but they were eliminated in the first round after a loss to Kassius Ohno and Leo Kruger.
He played his 19th and last game for the club in the 1–2 loss away at Manchester United on 4 February 1950.
A reduction in certainty leads to a loss of confidence in the initial plan, such that the individual may make contingency plans.
However, it's divulged in "Escape from New York" that Shana was accountable for this incident due to holding a grudge against the Liars for the role they played on Jenna's loss of eye sight.
It covered  and 51,090 people as of October 1, 1945, shortly after the end of World War II and after mass loss of population due to Bombing of Tokyo.
Stanford's loss to underdogs California, 16–0, in the finale put them out of contention for the postseason game invitation.
Massive damage and casualties were inflicted to the Algerians, while the loss aboard the allied fleet was low.
 Match points (win = 2 points, loss = 1 point)
The loss of the officers caused most of Powell's force to fall back in disorder.
Trick is extremely reluctant to use his blood powers as it can have unforeseen consequences: in "Blood Lines", his writing a culmination where Aife's maternal instincts emerged and stopped her from hurting and killing Bo not only left him weakened and wounded from the loss of blood, but in "Lachlan's Gambit" he told Lachlan that it had awakened the Garuda.
In a match against Hamburg SV, Baumann made three crucial errors that led to a 3–0 loss to Hamburger SV.
With a loss of land, resources and sacred sites, coupled with disruption of the tribal organization of the Bundjalung people and an increasing reliance on European supplies, conflict ensued and the Aboriginal community was decimated by massacres and introduced diseases.
He scored his first and only goal of the season in a 3–2 loss at 1.
In this manner Ballarat continued until 16 August, however there was only minor contact which resulted in two more Việt Cộng killed, two wounded and one captured for no further loss to the Australians.
His Serie A debut came on 17 January 2011, as a second-half substitute for Josip Iličić in a 1–3 loss to Cagliari.
Stab./KG 27 suffered the first loss in combat.
On November 20 Mañalich declared to the Chamber of Deputies that there was twelve persons with the loss of one eye and about thirty with serious injuries.
He made his début for Town in the 2–0 loss against Cardiff City on 12 September.
Taylor followed this up in the 2017–18 season by reaching Jack Midson's Football League goals record for the club, 38, when scoring vs Gillingham in a 2–2 draw on 30 December 2017, and broke the record when scoring a brace vs Plymouth in a 4–2 loss on 13 February 2018.
It was Perjés' first fight since March 14, 2015, when she suffered her first professional loss to Vuokko Katainen.
These encounters included wins over Nottingham Forest (3–1), Derby County (2–0) and Portsmouth (1–0) in 1919 and a draw against Tottenham Hotspur and a narrow loss to Aston Villa (1–2) in 1920.
In the five matches between the bye and that point, Grimes had lost just two of 21 one-on-one contests, while averaging a loss percentage of 16.4 across the length of the season.
In this 33–22 loss, EMU largely stifled Michigan's all-time leading quarterback, Chad Henne, and returned a blocked kick for a touchdown.
Jenson Button retired on lap 34 following a sudden loss of fuel pressure.
In 1977, Gerald L. Gold visited the community to document how movement away from family and child labor in lead and baryte mining coincided with the loss of Missouri French as a maternal language.
The run didn't last long however, as the side went seven matches without a win between 5 March and 9 April 1994, including a 0–4 loss against Arsenal at The Dell.
He notes that there had been a dramatic loss in species diversity by 1994 estimating that there was at least 200 trees of over 70 species and that approximately 65% of the trees present at the time of his study date back to the original planting circa 1927.
After suffering an injury and being knocked out of Michigan's game with Nebraska (a 23–9 loss to the Cornhuskers) on October 27, Robinson returned to the lineup for the last home game of the 2012 season, a 42–17 victory over Iowa.
On 17 April a miscommunication between Coastal Command Blenheims resulted in the loss of air support for the cruiser .
He was relieved of his duties on 2 December 2013, however, after falling to a 0–4 derby loss at Sevilla FC and conceding a last-minute 2–2 home equaliser to Rayo Vallecano.
The New Grassi Museum was severely bombed in 1943, with the loss of tens of thousands of items.
Agriculture itself continued to innovate, and the loss of many English oxen to the murrain sickness in the crisis increased the number of horses used to plough fields in the 14th century, a significant improvement on older methods.
In his later years he suffered severe ill-health and the loss of his first and second wives, leading him to commit suicide.
The charges framed were: cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and causing a loss of over Rs 900 million under the Prevention of Corruption Act.
Infinity was instead warned of the risk of fines or the loss of its broadcast license if violations occurred.
On 27 July 2014, following his recovery from the injury, Ognyanov made his first official appearance for Levski Sofia after coming on a second-half substitute in the 0-2 loss against CSKA Sofia in The Eternal Derby.
He hit his first major league home run in a 13–7 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks on September 20, 2017.
The electrical failure also caused a loss of the radio system, flaps and slats.
However, this was tempered by the loss of nine Bf 110s against the RAF on 15 May.
After the partition and independence of India and merger of Cutch into Union of India in 1947, in 1950 Kandla Port was selected by the Government of India  to be developed as major port to replace the loss of Karachi, which went to Pakistan.
In the bronze medal game, Lithuania rebounded from their loss to the Americans, beating Serbia to win their first ever World Championship medal.
The streak ended with a January 16, 1986 73–63 loss to .
The permanent loss of the city to the Communists would be a political embarrassment and weaken the government's legitimacy, and would allow the establishment of a Communist administrative center in the South.
| 2010-10-03 || Loss ||align=left| Giorgio Petrosyan || K-1 World MAX 2010 Final 16 - Part 2 || Seoul, South Korea || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
It is assumed that the loss of fertile soil led to a serious drop in agricultural production.
His philosophy was that to use labor unions to challenge the white-dominated power structure might produce immediate gains but at a long-term loss, as a hostile relationship with the power holders would cause difficulties in the future.
The other Azhwars who are believed to have visited the temple at various periods were seemingly lost in memory under the beauty of the presiding deity and were at loss of words.
Caro portrayed a housewife, Sol, who lose their two pre-teen children during a family outing on the outskirts of Tijuana, after the loss, with her partner, they try to find out what happened during the disappearance.
The Tigers' season ended in the Regional final in a 1-2 loss to Michigan.
This meant the loss of profits in England, which would be crucial in what would be an expensive movie.
He made two appearances the following season, including a first senior start on 26 January in a 1–2 home loss to Cerâmica Atlético Clube.
Two days after the final Origin match, Cronulla were kept scoreless for the first time since their preliminary final loss to Manly in 1996 as they went down 22-0 to Parramatta.
After this loss, he had a four-fight winning streak spanning across Europe and Japan.
Article IV Rule 4 of the Hague-Visby Rules  provides: "Any deviation in saving or attempting to save life or property at sea or any reasonable deviation shall not be deemed to be an infringement or breach of these Rules or of the contract of carriage, and the carrier shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting therefrom".
 Loss of the Church (1997, Gramophone Records; with Siren Project)
In all, layoffs and additions meant a net loss of 127 NCF jobs.
He started in the opening match, a 1–0 loss to Croatia, but was dropped in favour of Burak Yılmaz for the following match against Spain.
The Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) received 13.0% and won 53 seats, representing a slight loss of support since 2007.
Roh had seven tackles, including a tackle for loss, assisted on a sack and recorded his first collegiate interception late in the third quarter.
Mama Koko and the Hundred Gunmen: An Ordinary Family's Extraordinary Tale of Love, Loss, and Survival in Congo.
In the fourth game of the season against the #2 LSU Tigers, Smith set school records for completions (38), attempts (65), and passing yards (463) in the 47–21 loss on September 24, 2011.
Shops in the center of Puerto Armuelles suffered from loss such as fallen merchandise and broken window glass.
In that series, the Sox were outscored 35–11 in a three-game series including an 18–2 loss in the second game.
Though quickly establishing itself on the Serbian television market and improving its viewership stake year after year, Fox televizija was a money-losing operation, posting an annual loss both in 2007 and 2008.
On 7 January she was at anchor at Deal when she suffered the loss of seven of her crew, their boat having overturned as they were returning from a visit to the shore.
In Week 12, Kerrigan collected a season-high five combined tackles and had one sack during a 31–26 loss at the Dallas Cowboys.
Due to the girl’s omission, the Mayor of Singapore Mr Ong Eng Guan then issued an order to ban government advertising in the Straits Times for 2 years, It meant a great loss of income for The Straits Times because their advertisements were long.
In 2008, they launched HeatSeekers vehicles, which use thermal imaging to look at heat loss, and identifying areas for better insulation.
Newcastle suffered their record defeat in the final game of the season, a 0–9 loss against Burton Wanderers.
It was not until on 27 August 2012 when he made his first appearance of the season, in a 2–0 loss against Erzgebirge Aue.
This loss of contact first occurred after domestication and has reoccurred throughout history.
The commanders of the right and left flank columns, Andreas O'Reilly von Ballinlough and Peter Karl Ott von Bátorkéz managed to bring their troops away with minimal additional loss.
FEU won their next six games, sweeping the elimination round; Ateneo on the other hand, after winning another tight game against Adamson, finished second after the first round; their own other loss coming from their arch rivals La Salle, in which the Green Archers capitalized on Kirk Long going to the bench in the final minutes after fouling out.
UP finished the season winless, and had their 18th consecutive loss, including games from the previous season.
On April 3, 2010, he made his debut for Xolos' first team, coming on as a substitute in a 3–2 loss to Club Necaxa in the Liga de Ascenso Clausura 2010.
In the Quarterfinals, it was disappointment as a dejected looking Kashyap was escorted out of the court after his loss to top seed Lee Chong Wei in straight sets.
Creation of a personalized fund based on a number of days per year worked replacing dismissal indemnities and which can be used by the employee in case of loss of work or alternatively to supplement pensions once retired.
Weeden was also Hoyer's backup for the Texans' 30–0 playoff loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
That loss marked the first time in Evert's career that she lost prior to the semifinals of a Grand Slam.
This allows NetBSD users to run many applications that are only distributed in binary form for other operating systems, usually with no significant loss of performance.
Loss of habitat was the primary reason the bear was placed on the federal endangered species list.
Yabushita had her four straight loss at the hands of Russian fighter Julia Berezikova, who won the match by unanimous decision in the event FightFORCE: Russia vs.
This kinetic energy is dissipated as heat energy to raise the temperature of the fluid and as heat loss to the surroundings.
He allowed seven goals in a loss to the Colorado Avalanche and did not start again until Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Semifinals, where he made 27 saves in the 2–1 overtime victory over the Montreal Canadiens.
There is general agreement among analysts of the de-Ba'athification policy, both critics and proponents, that one of the deleterious effects was the loss of vital public services.
The agricultural task required operation at very low heights in conditions of extreme heat and inevitably resulted in the loss of many Aiglets in accidents.
| 1999 || Loss ||align=left| Yoddecha Sityodthong || || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Ham rebounded back from her first loss with a unanimous decision victory over Ayumi Saito on  at Smackgirl 2007: Queens' Hottest Summer.
Having phyllodes instead of leaves help A. lineate to survive in dry semi-arid environments, by reducing water loss.
He completed a pass to Gary Collins for 23 yards, threw an incompletion, and threw an interception to Dave Wilcox, allowing the 49ers to go on a game-winning drive in a 34-31 Browns loss.
On June 18, Romine pitched 0.2 innings in the 9th inning of a 16-5 loss to the Kansas City Royals.
Mastargarkov has recently joined Hassocks FC in the Southern Combination Football League and impressed coming off the bench in a 3-2 loss to Newhaven.
He made his league debut for Sandecja on 9 March 2013 in a 3–1 loss to Zawisza Bydgoszcz.
The ship was refloated on 17 June but was declared to be a constructive total loss.
The ESPN commentators described the loss as "daylight robbery."
Without loss of generality, we will assume that these criteria have to be maximized.
Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause of severe memory impairment and is caused by senile plaques, neurofibrillary tangles, dystrophic neuritis, and neuronal loss.
Mansour scored his first try in the green and gold of Australia against Samoa in Australia's 44–18 victory at WIN Stadium, and played in the 22–18 Four Nations final loss against New Zealand.
Two weeks later, on 23 February 2015, M’Poku made his first start, playing 90 minutes, in a 2–1 loss against Inter Milan.
In New England's loss to Cleveland in the first round of the playoffs, Thompson scored a second-quarter touchdown that temporarily gave his team the lead.
Severely wounded during the Battle of the Crater, he remained on the field and led his regiment until he was injured a second time, resulting in the loss of his leg.
In 2009, his senior season, Miller was named a special teams captain and started all 13 games, making 42 tackles, including five for a loss, and returning 19 punts for 226 yards.
Her mind continues to resist this fact, and any stimulus which is a reminder of Arun's loss, sets off the psychosis.
It was the Dodgers 10th shutout loss of the season.
He dressed for his first NHL game on 16 November 2011, backing up Cory Schneider in a loss against the Chicago Blackhawks before being reassigned the following day.
On 7 November 2018, Toksöz announced that Pernigotti would close its main production facility at Novi Ligure with the loss of 200 jobs.
The speed with which hearing loss occurs may give clues as to the cause.
It is sometimes confused with anosmia (a loss of the sense of smell).
This is the more so that historical evidence relating to territorial disputes does not have its own value as history alone, but should be evaluated within the framework of international law on territorial acquisition and loss."
Woolf also stated that between about AD 350 and AD 660, the Insular Celtic dialects underwent changes which included the loss of the final syllables and unstressed vowels, which affected *Oinogustos thus: *Oinogustos.
Another report, in The Wall Street Journal, showed drop in gross domestic product of 13.6% in the 4th quarter of 2008 on an annualized rate and a drop in industrial production for December, 2008 to a rate 18.6% lower than December 2007, with a loss of over 700,000 jobs between November 2008 and February 2009.
Slew scored on his Oldham debut, netting in a 2–4 League Cup loss to Sheffield Wednesday a week after signing.
It was the final upset the team produced in Carril's career, as two days later, the Tigers season ended with a 63–41 loss to Mississippi State in the second round.
Additionally, to compensate for his loss of physical feelings, adrenaline flows unchecked through Darkman's body, enhancing his physical strength, speed, agility, reflexes, stamina, and durability.
Soon, however, it was shown that the galvanic action set up between the copper on the "yellow metal" sheathing, and the iron frames tended to rapidly deteriorate the ironwork, and perhaps, sooner or later, hasten the loss of the vessel.
If a critical asset is simply illicitly accessed, there is no direct productivity loss.
This approach facilitates transactions for bondholders and eliminates the risk of loss, theft and destruction of physical certificates.
Double dribble – Either of the following acts results in a loss of possession:
After his first professional loss, Magdaleno fought and defeated former world titlist Rico Ramos.
A. F. Crosman and others were drowned near Greytown, Nicaragua, 12 April 1872, and by extraordinary heroism and personal exertion, prevented greater loss of life.
It is also described somewhat more completely by The Story of the Masks website from the U'mista Cultural Centre in Alert Bay as "The potlatch refers to the ceremony where families gather and names are given, births are announced, marriages are conducted, and where families mourn the loss of a loved one.
In 2005, McDonald joined Melbourne and his final game in first grade was a 36-16 loss against Penrith.
A sweep of the Royals, a 1–3 series loss to Toronto, and a two-game split with Oakland would finish out the month.
In October 2010, the Marcal was contaminated in a chemical spill by red mud and temporarily suffered massive loss of aquatic life from which it has since recovered.
The apparent onset of regressive autism is surprising and distressing to parents, who often initially suspect severe hearing loss.
Unlike a conventional lease, the financing party of a sharia-compliant Ijara must buy the asset customer wants to lease and take on "some of the commercial risks (such as damage to or loss of the asset) more usually associated with operating leases".
Concerned about loss of public access along waterways, Babbitt researched the property and noted its potential for a full-fledged state park.
French-dialect speaking population, as well as the administration and elites, feared the loss of their status and autonomy under Dutch rule while the rapid industrialization in the south highlighted economic differences between the two.
They began the 1992 championship in Jekyll & Hyde fashion, with a stunning 4-10 to 2-9 victory over Coolderry then a desolate 1-13 to 0-7 loss to Birr.
Using the wing to damage the enemy or force a loss of control.
The southern end of the loch was the site of infill with slag and other wastes from 1841 onwards, the greatest loss of open water being between 1859 and 1909.
Season 2013 was another season of disappointment that promised so much, a tough opener against defending champions Belfast Trojans saw the Cowboys struggle to a 46–13 loss.
In week 10 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Hicks recorded a team high 9 tackles and intercepted a pass thrown by Jameis Winston during the 30–27 loss.
On 8 August he returned to action, but only played 26 minutes in a 1–2 away loss against Londrina, being taken off with two hip injuries.
He would also feature in the round of 16 loss to eventual tournament winners, Switzerland.
During his 12th appearance for the Kazakhstan, Schmidtgal scored his first international goal in a 4–1 loss against Germany during the group stage of 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification.
These successive victories were followed by a tough  7 - 14 loss to league leaders Lansdowne RFC, an unfortunate 10 - 7 away defeat to local rivals Rockaway, a lopsided 38 - 5 to second-placed Old Blue and a tough away visit to Danbury that resulted in a score of 36 - 17 to the home team.
April 13, 2011: In the bottom of the ninth of a 1–5 loss to the Marlins, Chipper Jones hit a solo home run to collect the 1,500th RBI of his career.
The MR management were horrified at the potential loss of income and restarted negotiations with the GCR, and a 1906 agreement meant that GCR traffic was shared between the old and new routes.
In football, he played linebacker and defensive end, recording 273 career tackles with nine tackles for loss, five sacks, five forced fumbles, five fumble recoveries, six PBU, an interception, and a blocked punt.
As Lesnar continued to scold his team after Charlie Rader's loss to Ramsey Nijem, Len Bentley came back into the room, and Lesnar questioned his toughness.
It was their only loss of the season, as they went 10-0 in the regular season.
He registered his first career sack in the 2012 Gator Bowl against Ohio State, and followed it with an assisted sack on the very next play for a total loss of five yards.
Scorsone felt Shepherd was more prepared now that she had experienced parenting Leo and fellow addict Betty in the previous two seasons, as well as her articulating the loss of her son Christopher aloud.
In his first novel, Hapsiadis devoted a chapter to a dramatic period of Vassilikos' life, right after the loss of his spouse Mimi, in Rome, Italy.
Bonny now began a more serious push into Kalabari territory to recover from loss of trade to Opobo.
The film recorded a loss to Bryanston of £52,330.
The fibre should enable maximum flexibility to support any potential new PON technology, be protected with proven, reliable cabling making it easy to install and reliable, and be joined by advanced, low labor and low loss connectivity.
LeGrand recorded a tackle for loss in seven games, and played eleven games where he had multiple sacks.
Human foot traffic in the heavily visited site may account for up to 10% of the annual sediment loss and denudation of the site area.
Although Alexander suffered a season-ending injury in the preseason, Allen did not participate in any offensive plays in San Diego's season opening loss to the Houston Texans.
Red background indicates loss.
She became a loss when she was dive-bombed and badly damaged by German aircraft off the Isle of Wight on 9 July 1940.
The prime universe's Peter succumbs to his illness and dies, and Walter and his wife Elizabeth (Orla Brady) mourn their loss, supported by Walter and William's friend, Nina Sharp (Blair Brown) and Walter's lab assistant, Carla Warren (Jenni Blong).
The winning photo, entitled "Mud, Glorious Mud", was taken during the Division One clash between Clontarf and Belfast Harlequins - on a particularly weather-beaten day at Castle Avenue - and depicts back rower Purdue caked in mud and drawing breath following the loss of a lineout.
Once again, they lost every match, including a 0–11 loss to Malaysia.
Her early death at age 35, which prevented the full realisation of her talents, was considered by her contemporaries as a considerable loss to English music.
The juror who brought about the collapse said that the trial caused him loss of earnings that threatened his ability to pay Oxford University fees for a course set to start in October 2005.
The Democrats achieved a net gain of four seats, Republicans took a net loss of five seats, and one Independent was elected to the governorship of a state.
Loss of original mood distinctions other than the indicative and imperative (i.e., subjunctive, jussive, energetic I, energetic II).
On October 16, 2011, Jordan collected a season-high six combined tackles in the Saints' 26–20 loss at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 6.
As a junior, Fua started the last 11 games of the season at defensive tackle and finished with 24 tackles, including 3.0 for loss, and 1.5 quarterback sacks.
The resulting fear of loss of power, resulted in the great princes of the Empire lending their passive support to the insurrection.
He made his Netherlands U21 debut, several days later on 2 September 2010, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Spain U21.
He worked as a professional mountaineer, but at the time of his loss he was helping another team fix lines after they had asked for help.
On 15 September 2015, Đurđić made his UEFA Champions League debut, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2-0 away loss to Paris Saint-Germain at Parc des Princes.
Mooy joined Scottish Premier League club St Mirren on 23 October 2010, and made his league debut for the Saints on the same day in a 3–0 loss to Hearts.
Originally depicted as a two-dimensional, humorously over-the-top villain trying to kidnap Princess Bubblegum regularly, the character's personality was subsequently expanded, revealing him to be a kind-hearted but misunderstood older man with completely twisted senses of morality and social behavior, suffering from loneliness and memory loss.
As of October 2010, MyDLP included widespread data loss prevention features  such as text extraction from binary formats, incident management queue, source code detection and data identification methods for bank account, credit card and several national identification numbers.
India has suffered loss by this margin five times.
Morrison played the final eight minutes in place of Ogenyi Onazi in a 3–0 loss (3–1 on aggregate).
He made his debut in the Jacksonville Jaguars' season-opener against the Carolina Panthers and recorded two solo tackles and a pass break up in a 20–9 loss.
On January 18, he recorded 16 points and a career-high 16 assists in a 119–113 double overtime loss to the New York Knicks.
His fifth recorded professional fight was his first in London, and his first loss, this time losing the fight on points to the experienced Frankie Ash.
The goals for Davies were his first since 12 August 2009; when he scored for the U.S. national team in their 1–2 loss against Mexico in Estadio Azteca.
Brown dealt Lima his first professional loss by defeating him via TKO due to punches in the second round.
To produce equations describing the jump, since there is an unknown energy loss, there is a need to apply conservation of momentum.
Houston made his NFL debut and first NFL start in the season-opener against the Buffalo Bills and made two solo tackles during their 41–7 loss.
In October, Claudia and her daughter Vittoria moved to the Medici court, leaving Livia devastated by the loss of her beloved granddaughter and alone with her elderly and almost paralyzed husband, who after the death of their son assumed the Ducal title once more.
 Court protocol Stockholm royal court June, 1791, regarding the loss of HM Frigate Venus.
He recorded his first career AHL goal during the second period of a 5–3 loss to the Hartford Wolf Pack on November 19.
On April 15, 2011, Smith scored 2 goals against the Vancouver Canucks in a 4–3 loss in only his second NHL playoff game.
Sensory loss in the thumbs, index fingers, long fingers, and the radial aspect of the ring fingers.
The Spartans, despite the loss of their leading scorer, Marcus Taylor, began the season ranked No.
Free-space path loss, the spreading-out of light as it travels through 3D space
Although there was no reported loss of life, some members of the fire service unit sustained injuries.
From late May to early June, Kushida took part in the 2013 Best of the Super Juniors, where he managed to win four out of his eight matches with a loss to Kenny Omega in his final match on June 6 costing him a spot in the semifinals of the tournament.
Davis lost the fight via TKO in the first round, marking Davis' fourth consecutive loss via form of TKO.
His fourth son, Lieutenant Commander William St. John Fraser (1883–1915), was commander of the submarine E 10 when it was destroyed by enemy action in the North Sea near Heligoland with the loss of all hands.
Though it caused her significant pain, Davis refused to blame her loss on it.
One day he encounters Maud, an old flame who he once come close to marrying before having to abandon her following a heavy loss at the Epsom Derby.
Although Ellen Constance hove to, she was rammed and sunk by Vitoria with the loss of three of her crew.
He made his debut in the top flight on 17 August, in a 1–2 home loss against Athletic Bilbao.
| 2019-03-30|| Loss ||align=left| Kamil Jenel ||DSF Kickboxing Challenge 21 || Poland || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
He made his first team – and Série A – debut for the former on 6 June 2010, starting in a 0–4 away loss against Santos.
They undertook not to make his lose his position or suffer any other loss and performed an exorcism on him to combat "the demons of homosexuality Dragon, Varina und Selithareth" (names in Mrs Bitterlich's writings about angels and demons).
| 2005-05-14 || Loss ||align=left| Olivier Tchétché || French Championship 2005 Class A, Final || Paris, France || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 ||
After his loss in 2003, he worked in business and economic development with the Ontario Native Affairs Secretariat.
At first, a lieutenant's commission was given only for the particular ship in which he served, but after the loss of HMS Wager in 1741 and the subsequent mutiny, the Royal Navy changed its policy and lieutenants were given more general commissions upon passing their examination.
However, he faced criticism over "his alarming loss of form" in a number of matches.
It was reported that the loss of the by-election would represent a blow for the Unionist government, although it was too early after the general election to see the results as a definitive verdict on Bonar Law’s administration.
There may be symptoms of thyroid overactivity, such as weight loss, a fast heart rate, tremor, and perspiration; but such symptoms occur in only half of all cases.
Originally published in 1817 and sub-titled An Authentic Narrative of the Loss of the American Brig Commerce, the book is a first-hand account written by Captain James Riley, an American sea captain wrecked off the coast of Africa in his ship .
García scored his first goal in the Spanish top flight on 21 September 2014, but in a 1–3 home loss against Sevilla FC.
Butler suggests in both "Critically Queer" and "Melancholy Gender", that the child/subject's ability to grieve the loss of the same-sex parent as a viable love object is barred.
If the implants are placed too closely together, the overlap of the horizontal components of each implant's biologic width serves to increase the effective vertical crestal bone loss between the implants.
On the loss of his properties, Henry focussed his attention on the country west of Hughenden Station with the object of acquiring another run.
Nine to twelve months is needed for axonal regeneration in the cross facial nerve graft, because the result of damaged nerve tissue is loss of structure and axonal function.
He played in just one game, replacing an injured Carr midway through third quarter of a 38-14 loss to the Miami Dolphins during Week 4.
He played for the team on November 29, 1917, in a 28–0 loss to the Ohio State Buckeyes.
Two years later, after she had turned an £11.3m profit into a near £1m loss she was stripped of the title."
Energy loss due to friction is neglected in this analysis.
Citing a city ordinance that any building declared a 50 percent or more loss after a fire would require replacement over rebuild, Ackerman noted that the railroad would not be given a permit to rebuild the station as it currently stood.
After the loss, Houston was dropped from the AP Poll, and did not return for the remainder of the season.
Meiosis, which facilitates recombinational repair between non-sister chromosomes, can efficiently repair these prevalent damages in the DNA passed on to germ cells, and consequently prevent loss of fertility in humans.
Martz also is said to hold the USCF record for the most consecutive rated games without a loss, with 104.
In the ensuing aerial battle, about half the attacking German aircraft were destroyed with no loss to the squadron.
The loss of his sight in the early 1990s caused Samuel to give up active philately.
Those same officers were later cited following a military investigation for "negligent" leadership leading "directly to the loss of life" on the battlefield.
These findings point to either the need to identify the principal host carbon source or the ability of C. freundii to adjust for the loss of individual carbon consumption pathways in the host environment.
I despatched Captain Jones with a company to take them on their right flank, (which he did with great value) ... they ran in all directions ... their loss amounts in killed and wounded to about 300 men.
".Act 2Scene 1: Elisa's gardenDianora describes Arsenio's madness to Elisa and Vespina: the loss of his daughter has led him to go away with only some food wrapped in a handkerchief.
The Seminole, who had fought alongside the blacks, were conversely weakened by the loss of their allies.
He underwent scans on a minor foot injury in the days that followed, but was available to play in his side's loss to  in round 3.
He made his official debut on 3 December 2006, in a 5–3 loss to Corinthians.
On 24 November 2010 at 9:00 p.m., a service was held at the Holy Trinity Church in Greymouth, where hundreds of people gathered to mourn the loss of the workers.
Exacerbated by lack of supplies, this disease caused much loss of life both among men and beasts, while the army also suffered many casualties from the Byzantines' attacks.
However, the loss of Gooch triggered the most devastating collapse in World Cup history, as England lost 8/11.
When Hess was allowed to make a statement to the tribunal on 30 November, he admitted that he had faked memory loss as a tactic.
He played in all six of Kerry's game, including the quarter-final loss to Cork.
On July 27, the band released a statement on their Facebook page saying that they had decided not to perform on the Summer Slaughter tour in the wake of Lowe's passing, and that they needed time to recover from the loss of their friend.
| 2016-09-17 || Loss || align="left" | Zoltan Laszak||Bellator Kickboxing 3||Budapest, Hungary|| Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
Goodhugh himself develops gout and psoriasis, begins drinking heavily, and experiences major weight loss.
Electric current flows on the inside surface of the waveguides, and must cross the join between them if microwave power is to pass through the connection without reflection or loss.
: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned the attack of North Korea stating that the country "deplores the loss of human lives and the damages caused to the population and condemn the use of the force on behalf of the Korea Democratic People's Republic."
On 19 July 2011, Mee made his debut for Burnley in a pre-season friendly match before coming off for David Edgar in the 67th minute of a 2–0 loss against League Two side Bristol Rovers.
His goal, which came with 0.7 seconds left in the first period, helped lead the Penguins to an overtime loss.
With the loss, the Eagles dropped to 4–7.
During the late 1870s, Henry suffered from chronic bouts of depression due to the loss of his first wife, Jeanie, and business failures due to the economic upheavals in the country resulting from the Panic of 1873.
A 2007 review concluded that certain subgroups such as those with type 2 diabetes and women who undergo weight loss show long term benefits in all cause mortality, while long‐term outcomes for men are "not clear and need further investigation."
High levels of physical activity seem to be necessary to maintain weight loss.
Diabetics also achieve modest weight loss with fluoxetine, orlistat and sibutramine over 12–57 weeks.
In people with a BMI over 40 who fail to achieve their weight loss goals (with or without medication) and who develop obesity-related complications, referral for bariatric surgery may be indicated.
It appears that this loss along with the mitochondria that the erythrocytes also lose may protect the erythrocytes against oxidative stress.
Clean glass bottles are 100% recyclable, can be substituted for up to 95% of raw material, and can be recycled ad-infinitum without the loss of purity or quality.
The Liberals were anxious to retain the seat, as its loss would leave the opposition Conservative Party of Canada or the separatist Bloc Québécois as the only viable partners for the Liberals to get legislation passed in the House.
The hurricane caused a great deal of damage and great loss of life.
Only 2,000 men from the KPA 6th Division returned to North Korea, a loss of 80 percent of its strength.
Chesney's storylines have included: his friendship with pet dog Schmeichel and coming to terms with the loss of his beloved pet, as well as his relationship with Katy Armstrong (Georgia May Foote) who later went on to give birth to his son Joseph aged just seventeen.
Despite the loss, Atkinson expressed joy of scoring his first goal nevertheless.
In the loss, Bray had 148 passing yards, two touchdowns, and one interception.
By mid-September, the KPA 7th Division was reduced to just 4,000 men, a loss of 6,000 from when it was committed to the perimeter.
He had to wait twenty years, to the great loss of Scottish history.
In Week 13, he collected a season-high 14 combined tackles (four solo) in the Rams' 26–10 loss at the New England Patriots.
August 30 – Jonathan Lucroy hits a grand slam and drove in seven runs for the Milwaukee Brewers in their loss to the Chicago Cubs, 12–11, at Wrigley Field.
After delivery, loss of fetal blood return to the placenta allows for shrinkage and collapse of the cotyledonary villi with subsequent fetal membrane separation.
Morris made his Carlisle debut two days later, coming on as a substitute for Matty Robson in the 55th minute, in a 3–1 loss against Swindon Town.
Medical problems (the loss of a lung due to pneumonia) caused him to turn to gardening rather than agriculture.
Although the Catalinas were relatively slow and susceptible to enemy fighter attack, their loss rate was no more than one per 95 sorties.
In the 1920s the sugarbeet growers in the western US suffered huge economic loss caused by damage done to their crops by the leafhopper-transmitted beet curly top virus.
He followed this loss with a string of three wins, knockouts over Billy "Kid" Andrews and Trevor Burt, and then a disqualification decision over Jimmy Moore in Davies' first fight outside Wales, at the Stadium in Liverpool.
In the case of LTP as much as 30 years of sensory loss has been shown to be recoverable in relatively short time periods.
In 1884, Dodson suffered a significant loss with the death of his business partner of 30 years, George Hooper.
Deforestation and loss of habitat is the greatest problem it faces.
He played his last AFL game in the round 19 loss to Melbourne.
It said its estimate of loss of 1.76-lakh crore was justified, since the May 2012 TRAI collation of reserve prices for 2G spectrum was about the same as that in the November 2010 CAG report.
The second leg, played on August 6, 2006, was a 1–0 loss and also so far the last match that Benin played, in which they lost by one goal.
On June 23, 2019, Cota lost via a 3rd KO loss against Jermell Charlo.
Don's 1.04% weight loss in week 4 was displayed as +2.14% due to his weight gain the previous week.
However, both players "gained" 6 pounds each (+2.38%) (Irene's is a real gain; Don's is a net three pound loss from his actual weight) and both admitted that they threw the weigh-in; Don wanted to leave the Ranch and Irene wanted Arthur to be safe from elimination.
The green team loses a total of just 7 pounds, with Ken fighting an injury and Kaylee coming off a big weight loss the previous week.
The season also ended in a sloppy, off-target performance against VCU, a loss which left Georgetown with no NCAA Tournament victories since the first game of the 2008 tournament despite three appearances in four years over that stretch.
Wszołek made his Queens Park Rangers debut, where he made his first start and played for 72 minutes in the game before being substituted, in a 6–0 loss against Newcastle United.
On 15 August 1869, she was taking part in an exercise off Hogland with , ,  and  when  Kreml rammed Oleg, which sank with the loss of 16 of her 445 crew.
Prestia was instrumental in round 13, where his 11 disposal quarter helped the Suns compete in an ultimately narrow loss to .
In a loss to Oregon State, Criner caught 12 passes for 179 and a touchdown.
In the summer of 2011 he moved to the Primeira Liga after joining Vitória FC, making his debut in the competition on 9 September when he came on as a late substitute in a 0–3 away loss against FC Porto.
Multiview video coding is a compression standard appended from H.264/MPEG-4 AVC which allows send stereoscopic 3D video without resolution loss due to spatial multiplex, and reducing overhead of sending 2 HD images up to 50% and in a single video stream.
 Pipe Friction Loss Calculations
SBG2 was declared a total loss, with early reports indicating damage to SBG1, and services across all four Strasbourg locations experiencing disruptions.
On December 11, 2011, Sendejo made his Minnesota Vikings' debut and recorded one solo tackle during their 34–28 loss at the Detroit Lions in Week 14.
On December 10, 2017, Sendejo recorded nine combined tackles, deflected a pass, and made an interception off a pass by Cam Newton in a 31–24 loss at the Carolina Panthers.
League points: for win = 2; for draw = 1; for loss = 0.
 The Food Doctor Diet Club: Join Ian's Workshop for Dramatic Weight Loss with Day-by-day Support (4 Jan 2007)
"It is a very tiny house; our only fear is that we shall be at a loss to know how to dispose of our numerous presents."
They gave multiple "reassuring public speeches" in an attempt to avoid the loss of Most Favoured Nation trade status with the United States as well as to alter the opinion of overseas Chinese.
He made his first senior appearance for the Carlton Football Club in the Round 1, 43-point loss to Richmond at the MCG.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' season-opener against the Detroit Lions and recorded seven combined tackles in their 27–20 loss.
He started in the Washington Redskins' season-opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers and recorded 14 combined tackles (nine solo) in their 38–16 loss.
(Due to an early financial loss, Dolan eventually sold his stake of HBO to Time Inc. 
Sly breaks into detective Carmelita Fox's office and takes a case file about the Fiendish Five, the gang responsible for Sly's childhood loss.
The Seawolves lost the final game of the regular season, their first home loss of the year, to Vermont by a score of 76–62.
By continuing to eat similar meals, a dieter can reduce their overall food intake and use sensory specific satiety as a tool for weight loss.
Corino was part of the Spanish squad at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, appearing in two group stage matches plus the 0–4 quarter-final loss against eventual finalists Argentina.
All twelve engines eventually had their coupled wheels retyred to  diameter and, to compensate for the loss of tractive effort due to the larger diameter wheels, their operating boiler pressure was increased to  by an adjustment of the setting of their safety valves.
Against the Seattle Seahawks, in a game the Cowboys needed to win to keep their playoff aspirations alive, he made a 51-yard field goal after hitting the left upright and missed two additional field goals, which could have helped the team stay closer in an ultimately season-ending 21-12 loss.
In the Shia view, taqiyya is lawful in situations where there is overwhelming danger of loss of life or property and where no danger to religion would occur thereby.
He registered his first career NHL point in his first game, an assist on a goal by Filip Kuba in a 5–3 loss to the Detroit Red Wings.
"Coming Home" is a biographically written hip hop and pop ballad inspired by moments in Diddy's life, the loss of his close friend the Notorious B.I.G., and references to classic songs by Dionne Warwick, McFadden & Whitehead, and Smokey Robinson & the Miracles.
Bates was given money by Delaval in addition to make up for any financial loss to him.
That plan was cancelled due to the loss of , with that ship's crew transferring to Iron Duke, with her crew transferring back to Endymion.
The ship struck a rock in Hạ Long Bay, French Indochina in 1905, only eight months after she was completed, and was a total loss.
She ran aground and was wrecked on 11 April 1918 at Prime Hook Beach, Delaware, with the loss of one life, but she was salvaged and returned to her duties for the rest of World War I.
On the financial side, a loss of £1,046 was made on the season.
One of the biggest problems for the watershed is the loss of forested lands.
Then, considering the probability of occurrence on a given period basis, for example the annual rate of occurrence (ARO), the Annualized Loss Expectancy is determined as the product of ARO and SLE.
However, Gallup broke in two forward of her engine room and was declared a total loss.
On the financial side, gate receipts had increased by £659, however an overall loss was made of £1,723.
A week later in the SEC season opener against Georgia, Clowney recorded his first career quarterback sack in the second quarter, tackling Bulldogs quarterback Aaron Murray for a 7-yard loss.
He made his league debut for the club in a 1–2 home loss to Sassuolo.
While the loss of steel industry jobs in the region coincided with the general deindustrialization of Rust Belt cities such as Youngstown as well as the United States as a whole, Youngstown's economic struggles have been well documented.
On 15 August 2012, Maher earned his first official cap under new manager Louis van Gaal in the 4–2 loss against Belgium in a friendly match.
A study done in 2007 by the Institute of Policy Innovation states that music piracy resulted in a loss of 71,060 U.S. jobs, out of which 23,860 would have been in the recording industry and 44,200 jobs in other unrelated industries.
Cowen made his debut in the 4–1 loss to Plymouth, scoring a consolation goal for Nelson.
The loss of a dairy cow –
He made his debut in the competition on 25 September, starting in a 0–2 away loss against RCD Espanyol.
After nearly a year recovering and working house shows for WCW, he returned under the name Bobby Walker and appeared in a televised match as part of a tag team with Jason Johnson in a loss to Harlem Heat on the January 8, 1994, episode of WCW Saturday Night.
To explain his dramatic weight loss, Riley claimed that he was suffering from kidney failure due to high blood pressure.
He did not return until the following 19 June, when he played a 3–0 home loss to Southampton following the COVID-19 hiatus.
Denver won both previous meetings, including handing Tom Brady his first playoff loss 27–13 in the 2005 AFC Divisional playoffs.
The perceived loss of face also meant that a later withdrawal from defences at Dybbøl was almost impossible due to public and political pressure.
In compensation for the loss of Milton and Pacific, the dividing line between the 10th and 8th districts was altered to include a larger population between Puyallup and Roy.
His sole loss at the French Open during this period came at the hands of Sweden's Robin Söderling in 2009 in the round of 16.
Although acting in self-defense, Gabriam laments the loss of life and begins a journey to gain control of his abilities.
The human loss during the after-capture fighting was severe.
Further to that, PO saw only a very small voter swing against it (-2.3%) and a loss of only two seats from its 2007 outcome which was a record result.
On 12 October 2016, Zaitsev made his official NHL debut in a 5–4 loss to the Ottawa Senators in the 2016–17 season opener.
The streak reached 90 games with a win over Pacific, but ended in Palo Alto, California with a 71–59 loss to Stanford on December 30, 2010.
7 June: Douglas EC-47 43-49547 of the United States Air Force crashed shortly after take-off from Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base following loss of power from at least one engine.
The following week, he tied his season-high of 14 combined tackles (ten solo) in the Buccaneers' 48–17 loss to the Baltimore Ravens in Week 6.
The other Labour loss was to the Liberal Democrats in Millfield, but Labour also gained Washington South from the Liberal Democrats.
He played 19 games as the Eagles regained the title from FC Porto on the last day, including one with a straight red card for elbowing Arsénio in a 3–1 home loss to Moreirense F.C.
On the financial side, good attendance figures failed to prevent a massive loss of £42,650, which had come from a £45,567 deficit in transfer fees.
The Giants won the game 24-20 to maintain a 2-game lead in the NFC East and hand the Patriots their second straight loss for the first time since 2009 (and first in 21 consecutive games at home).
When the game was over, Army won 59–0, handing the Irish the worst loss in the program's history.
Concerns include the potential for antibiotic resistance, and side effects including hearing loss, tinnitus, and changes to the heart rhythm known as long QT syndrome.
On January 24, 2016, Jefferson started for the Cardinals in the NFC Championship and recorded 11 combined tackles (five solo) and a pass deflection in their 49–15 loss to the Carolina Panthers.
Alexis sacrifices herself to destroy the power core and Tom is left lost in space, but the Espheni war machine is left crippled with the loss of their air support and mechanized servants.
In a personal statement from 1996, he described the impact the loss of Palestine had on him:
Somehow he was able to transform the scattered and demoralized soldiers into a fighting unit again, determined to avenge the loss of their comrades by meeting the British on their return from Concord."
On the financial side, a £10,900 loss was made despite donations of £16,734 from the Sportsmen's Association and the Development Fund.
With the loss, the Browns dropped to 2–2, heading into their Week 5 bye.
Highest Percentage Weight Loss (Non-finalist).
In the end, the Agreement calls for "averting, minimizing, and addressing loss and damage" but specifies that it cannot be used as the basis for liability.
Stony Brook traveled to #1 Duke in a 14–6 loss, and played host to #1 Maryland in a 11–8 defeat.
Her colleagues have little sympathy for her loss.
Hence, a backup server regularly replicates the data which can be retrieved in case of data loss.
With the loss, the Broncos finished the regular season with an 8–8 record for the third time in four seasons, and were swept at home by their division rivals for the second time in three seasons.
Troops from the 28th Cavalry were given the option of transferring to service units or volunteering for combat but at the loss of all rank.
Despite his loss, the revolt continued under the Skordilides and the Psaromelingoi, who had seized control of the mountains of Sfakia and Syvritos.
He pitched in one game for the Phillies, a complete game start on September 25, 1894, where he allowed 10 earned runs and picked up the loss.
His loss at the 2011 Australian Open marked the first time that he did not hold a Grand Slam title since his first Grand Slam title at the 2003 Wimbledon Championships.
With the loss, the Panthers fell to 2–6 heading into their bye week.
Hoping to rebound from their season-sweeping loss to the Ravens, the Steelers flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 10 AFC North duel with the Cincinnati Bengals.
After 18 months at the helm, he was sacked on 3 August 2014 following Kenya's 1–0 aggregate loss to Lesotho in the second round of qualification for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations.
Following the loss, the Flashes defeated Buffalo at University at Buffalo Stadium and followed that with a come-from-behind 45–43 win over Ball State in Kent.
Wages stood at £72,874, gate receipts took in £43,199, and there was a loss in the transfer market of £6,000.
The Federal District Court found that The Wilburn Boat Company was unable to recover for their loss due to their failure to comply with the specific terms of the contract.
After reaching the Divisional match against the Baltimore Ravens, the Texans suffered their maiden loss in the NFL Playoffs, losing 20–13.
With 1:02 left in the game, the Lions attempted another comeback, but San Francisco's defense held them off, handing Detroit its first loss of the season as the team fell to 5–1 and 2nd place in the NFC North.
With this loss, the Ravens fell to 10–4.
With the loss, the Rams dropped to 0–6.
This would be paralleled the next year with another loss to Houston.
The Razorbacks' only other Orange Bowl was a rematch eight years later, a 42–8 loss to Oklahoma.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Giants, the Patriots flew to MetLife Stadium for an AFC East rematch with the New York Jets.
The loss also allowed the Broncos to win the AFC West.
With the loss, Miami fell to 3–8.
With the loss, the Seahawks finished the season 7–9 and 3rd place in the NFC West.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2–3.
The Bears fell to 7–5 with the loss.
With the loss, the Colts dropped to 0–4.
The twist ending of Marshall's father's death was the result of show co-creators and producers Carter Bays and Craig Thomas' desire to explore the issue of the characters experiencing such a loss.
The game was the Sooners’ first Big 12 Conference loss at Owen Field since 2001 and only the third time the team had lost at home under Bob Stoops.
The Packers clinched the NFC North title, while the Vikings, having already clinched a playoff spot prior to the game due to a Rams loss, were locked in as the NFC's sixth seed.
These statistics include a last-minute save of Michael Frey's attempt to secure Erzerbirge a 4–3 win against Nürnberg, on 18 October 2019, and the two saves he performed (Denis Thomalla and Christian Kühlwetter being the respective penalty takers) in a 2–0 loss against Heidenheim, on 13 February 2021.
 To be classified in this impairment group, athletes lower limbs need to have at least a 10 per cent loss of function.
Loss of voice (A; 32%, B; 18%)
In 2009, the Blue Raiders finished second nationally in tackles for loss, stopping more than eight and a half plays per game behind the line of scrimmage.
In January 1980 he scored 76 points in an overtime loss against Grindavík and in February he broke the 70 point barrier again, scoring 72 points against Þór Akureyri.
Following the loss, the Broncos fell to #10 in the BCS and AP polls and #11 in the Coaches and Harris polls.
He accounted for 51 total tackles, 17 tackles for loss, 9.5 sacks, and two forced fumbles.
A week later, he made his first appearance in the Premier League, as a 24th-minute substitute for the injured David Dunn in a 2–0 loss to Chelsea.
2010 started off rough for the Sounders, first with a home loss to New York Red Bulls on April 2, and subsequently relinquishing a two-goal lead against defending MLS Cup champions, Real Salt Lake at Rio Tinto.
The month ended poorly, as a 3–2 loss to Blackpool at Bloomfield Road was followed by a 3–3 draw with Sheffield United in front of 13,246 fans (the biggest gate for a league game since 1973).
He resigned his Warrington charge in the spring of 1822, induced by broken health and the depressing effects of the loss of his son.
The Australian Open also saw them record a win and a loss, beating Leander Paes and Miguel Ángel Reyes-Varela in the first round, but losing a tight match to eventual semi-finalists Ryan Harrison and Sam Querrey in the second, 6–4, 7–6(5).
| 2009-03-26 || Loss ||align=left| Fabio Pinca || Les Stars du Ring || Levallois, France || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Later in the nineteenth century, the critic Eduard Hanslick called Adelaide "the only song by Beethoven the loss of which would leave a gap in the emotional life of our nation."
There is no recorded loss of a U-boat in the area.
He made his return to the Flames' lineup on March 16, 2019 in a 2–1 loss to the Winnipeg Jets.
Despite the loss, Garcia moved up to a career high of No.
The public's later "deep disappointment at their non-fulfilment" was to coincide with an eventual "scandal growing out of the transportation contract", with revelations that James Johnson had been practically guaranteed against loss and had thus taken little care to see that his equipment was of sufficient character to ensure a prompt fulfillment of the contract.
In the first quarter of 2020, Ford's sales dropped by 15%, entailing the loss of $2 billion.
In 2010 the Wildcats had a 7–6 record, ending the season with a 45–38 loss to Texas Tech in the 2011 TicketCity Bowl.
After a first down QB Kirk Cousins was sacked for a ten-yard loss, and Wisconsin then called a timeout with 00:42 left.
In 1992, Dunemann started at five-eighth for the Queensland under-19 side in their 12–26 loss to New South Wales at Lang Park.
There had been a drop in exam entry in other crucial subjects and a loss of teachers.
In August 2012 he was called up to the Philippines, and was featured in a friendly match with USL PDL club Chicago Inferno which ended in a 1–3 loss.
The subsequent court-martial honourably acquitted Thicknesse of the loss.
WVU finished the season with a loss against Florida State in the Gator Bowl and was ranked in the top 20 in both national polls.
The crew used a flap retraction sequence from the 707-B series which removed flaps in larger increments than desirable for that stage of the flight, leading to a loss of lift at  above ground level.
He had checked into the hospital a week earlier due to a loss of appetite.
The closing of the MRTS constituted a loss of 14 enlisted and two officers.
Mansell suffered a 3–0 loss to Kim Huybrechts in the first round of the 2015 World Championship.
Alcácer made his La Liga debut for Valencia on 14 January 2012, coming on as a substitute for Sofiane Feghouli for the last 20 minutes of a 0–1 away loss against Real Sociedad.
Despite the loss, the "Valiants" marched on, as a late spurt of form saw them win four straight games to stand a great chance of reaching the play-offs with just three games to go.
Joevin made his league debut in the season's opening match, on 6 March 2015, starting in the back-line for the Fire in a 2–0 loss to the LA Galaxy at the StubHub Center.
In the early hours of 29 April 2017, monitoring group Turkey Blocks identified loss of access to all language editions of Wikipedia throughout Turkey.
Chromothripsis has been seen to cause oncogene amplification, amplification of oncogene containing regions and the loss of tumour suppressors.
They also recommend leaving the residues if there are no residues of B. fusca  as it improves the soil and prevents water loss.
A larger catalytic converter further guarded against power loss.
A severe drought and the resulting famine from 1895 to 1900, during the reign of Maharawal Salivahan Singh, only made matters worse by causing widespread loss of the livestock that the increasingly agriculturally based kingdom relied upon.
Since Baden's broad gauge was not compatible with its neighbours, it became concerned by the loss of lucrative transit traffic.
Metamorphosis is characterized by cilia loss, body elongation, and crawling behavior.
Meram went on to play the full 90 minutes of the eventual 0–1 loss.
The Portuguese and British were severely defeated, with the loss of about 1,700 men killed or wounded, about 2,300 prisoners, 17 cannon, 15 colours or standards, as well as tents, and baggage.
Hiljemark made his debut for Sweden U21 on 9 February 2011 in a 1–3 loss against Portugal U21.
On March 29, Drummond recorded a then career-high 32 points in a loss to the Miami Heat.
Colonel McKnight knew the outcome of his escape attempt could be severe reprisal or loss of his life.
Accordingly he writes to Gregory, altogether repudiating the information as being utterly false, and, even supposing it were true, saying that the Persians would not come up before the siege was concluded, and that, if they did, they would be beaten off with loss.
Dixon took over as captain of the Highlanders for many games of the 2017 season due to the loss of co-captains Ash Dixon and Ben Smith to injury.
Topics include abuses of AI that could pose threats to democracy and freedom and addressing possibilities of superintelligences and loss of control of AI.
Anderson has reached 7 singles finals in his career, with a record of 6 wins and 1 loss all coming at the ITF Futures level.
Talbot made his on-ice NHL debut on October 24 in a 2–1 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers.
The impact of the natural vegetation growth, however, is the loss of visibility of the geological formations.
Elias developed a consuming obsession with the opposing forces of good and evil, awakened at an early age due to the loss of his father at the beginning of World War I; early writings attest to the young poet's disgust and disenchantment with human existence.
Eidelberg defined narcissistic mortification as occurring when “a sudden loss of control over external or internal reality...produces the painful emotional experience of terror”.
The venue later known as Husky Stadium was opened for the season's concluding game, a 28–7 homecoming loss to Dartmouth on November 27.
The 1929 Imperial Airways Handley Page W.10 crash happened on 17 June 1929 when Handley Page W.10 G-EBMT suffered an engine failure and subsequently ditched in the English Channel off Dungeness with the loss of seven lives.
He recorded his first NHL point in a 5-4 overtime loss to the New York Islanders.
In ten years, the loss upon the steam plough alone stood at £850.
The Thanksgiving Day loss to Washington State at University Field (later Denny Field) was the first home defeat in a decade.
Upstairs, Fagtoast threatens to shoot Katsumi and Eightball, but Katsumi dies of blood loss before he pulls the trigger.
As a result of the loss, Boyer was forced to fight to keep his spot in SLI–USA and at the following event on March 11, he defeated Player Uno to remain a member of the group.
Seattle Sounders FC suffered their first competitive loss at home against the Kansas City Wizards.
SS Princess Alice sank in 1878 with the loss of over 650 lives.
The 25-point loss was the worst for Alabama in its 22 bowl game history, and the 35 points Missouri scored were the most Alabama had ever surrendered in a bowl game.
The 2002 Master Agreement also replaced the distinction between Market Quotation and Loss with a single concept, "Close-out Amount".
The regular army was to be reduced to 135,000 men, a loss of 7,000, which was to be partly offset by the gradual expansion of the Territorial Army by a figure of 16,000 (from 70,000 to 86,000).
It was seen as a tendency to abstract theory building, connected with the loss of intuitive "common sense".
On May 5, 2016, following the loss to the Raptors, Pacers' president Larry Bird announced that Vogel's contract would not be renewed, citing a need for "a new voice" to lead the players.
Aberdare's loss was controversial, as one ballot paper in the first round had been spoilt and Aberdare's secretary claimed that one of the scrutineers was 'an interested party'.
Smoll allowed four runs, two earned, in six innings of work, saddling him with the loss.
The next day, he tied his career-high of 31 points in a loss to the Brooklyn Nets.
Among economists, the accelerating loss of value was generally attributed to Recep Tayyip Erdoğan preventing the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey from making the necessary interest rate adjustments.
The team won a silver medal in a loss to Team Ontario.
April 11: San Antonio Spurs shooting guard Manu Ginóbili scored his 10,000 career point in an 84–98 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.
Due to population pressure, farming is carried out on the steep slopes, leading to erosion and further loss of fertility.
South suffered its first loss in program history when the Jaguars fell 35-13 to NC State in Raleigh, North Carolina.
According to the 2002 book Web Performance Tuning by Patrick Killelea, some of the early techniques used were to use simple servlets or CGI, increase server memory, and look for packet loss and retransmission.
Although Wigan's 2010 Challenge Cup campaign ended in the quarter finals following a loss to the Leeds Rhinos, the Super League campaign ended with a 22–10 victory over St Helens R.F.C.
In a high-paced, action-packed slugfest, Ward handed Neary his first loss by stopping him in the eighth round.
The transition to a market economy in some countries has led to both opportunity and a loss of security for citizens of these countries.
Though forced to give ground, the Prussians successfully kept the French from inflicting serious loss or cutting off any units in this War of the Fourth Coalition action.
Between 2001 and 2012, the course operated at a loss that cost taxpayers almost $200,000.
Weagle and team would win their next three to stay in the fight for the medals but would lose their next two, with their fifth loss against Eve Muirhead officially eliminating them from medal contention.
He was recalled by the Blackhawks from the American Hockey League (AHL)'s Rockford IceHogs on 17 November 2013, after Chicago's backup goaltender, Nikolai Khabibulin, suffered an injury in a loss against the Nashville Predators the previous night, 16 November.
The balance of migration was statistically similar to the one noted in 2008, a net decrease of  1721 persons (2008's figure was a net loss of 1698).
They can only store the original fare type first loaded onto them, cannot be used for most discounted fare rates, and cannot be registered in case of loss or theft.
From 2007-2012, funding for language instruction in public schools has been made available through the Esther Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act, signed by President George W. Bush on December 14, 2006, to prevent the loss of heritage and culture.
While returning to port after a raid of the English coast on 3–4 November 1914, Yorck struck German mines and sank with heavy loss of life.
After three days' fighting, which the dying governor watched from a balcony, the Moors were forced to raise the siege and repulsed with great loss, while Fairborne, lingering till the evening of 27 October, saw his troops march into the town.
She was taken down in straight sets by qualifier Duan Yingying in the opening round, her second consecutive first-round loss at a Grand Slam event.
The Seagulls came third and qualified for the play-offs; Goldson was one of four of their players who went off injured in their 2–0 loss at Sheffield Wednesday in the semi-final first leg.
The probable cause was stated as loss of control during an attempted go-around below decision height in instrument meteorological conditions.
Oak Hill Academy, led by Anthony Cade, returns to the Classic as America's top-rated team and gains a measure of revenge for their loss in 1987 by handling Prep in the title tilt.
Many Bolivians feel a deep and lasting bitterness due to this loss, and the Bolivian military continues to build and maintain an open ocean navy in Lake Titicaca, awaiting an eventual recovery of access to the sea.
He played at the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France lost the final to New Zealand by 29-9, but missed the final, and at the 1991 Rugby World Cup, where he had his last game for his National Team, at 19 October 1991, in the 10-19 loss to England, at the quarter-finals, aged 35 years old.
Fukuoka's natural farming practice rejected the use of modern technology, and after twenty-five years, his farm demonstrated consistently comparable yields to that of the most technologically advanced farms in Japan, doing so without the pollution, soil loss, energy consumption, and environmental degradation inherent in these modern types of farming.
No dephasing: Dephasing of the DNA strands due to loss in synchronicity during synthesis is a major problem of second-generation sequencing technologies.
The loss was their first as visitors; the club slid to fourth place, having lost 12 points since the Clássico.
The Meccans were at loss on which trade route to take, since Muslims successfully attacked many of their caravans and intercepted their trade routes previously.
She'd be a huge loss..".
The resulting loss of privacy led to the Browns' establishment of a roadside attraction in the summer months.
Following a season-opening road loss to Richmond Kickers, Orlando City went on an 11-match undefeated run, closing the first half with a record of 8–1–3.
[110] In mice, loss of pRb is sufficient to initiate tumors of the pituitary and thyroid glands, and mechanisms of initiation for these hyperplasia are currently being investigated.
The closed cycle is advantageous because its design virtually eliminates loss of fuel, but the necessity of a physical wall between the fuel and the propellant leads to the obstacle of finding a material with extremely optimized characteristics.
UCF defeated Rice to clinch the C-USA East Division and earned the right to host the first-ever C-USA Championship Game, a loss to Tulsa that was played in front of more than 51,000 people.
The loss of phosphate results in the bone diseases rickets and osteomalacia (even with adequate vitamin D and calcium levels), because phosphate is necessary for bone development in children and even for ongoing bone metabolism in adults.
J Dilla's illness and medication caused dramatic weight loss in 2003 onwards, forcing him to publicly confirm speculation about his health in 2004.
On 14 September 2012, Soumah received a red card in a 3–1 home league loss to Spartak Trnava, alongside two other teammates.
The incident was the worst one-day loss of life for the RCMP since five officers drowned on June 7, 1958, and the worst multiple-officer killing in contemporary Canadian history.
King's sister Missy tries to convince King that they should do something to help their mother, who is unconscious and weak due to "their" control and possible blood loss, but his judgment is clouded due to his altered state.
But that name faded with the German loss of colonial control over the territory after World War One.
The earlier Greek form of the name was *Ἰάϝων "Iáwōn", which, with the loss of the digamma, later became Ἰάων Iáōn, or plural Iáones, as seen in epic poetry.
During the team's second match, a 4–2 loss to China, Angela Iannotta scored Australia's first goal at a World Cup.
It also confirmed the launch of a five-year recover plan following the loss of more than half of its revenue, the consequence of restrictions on passenger traffic in all markets in which it operates.
The subspecies was first listed as threatened in 1999 after a decline due to eradication by humans, as well as habitat loss and degradation.
The City signifies their experiences in their hometown, Toronto, the good and the bad--"Demolition Waltz", for example, is about the loss of neighborhoods.
The team's good form continued into December, with two wins, a draw and one loss in the league leaving them in seventh place.
The phrase "direct loss and/or expense" within JCT construction contract terms and conditions.
He played again, this time in a 2-0 loss to Canada on April 2, 1985.
On 17 March 2010, WellPoint announced it was reclassifying some of its administrative costs as medical care costs in order to meet loss ratio requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which requires insurers to spend at least 80% or 85% of customer premiums on health care services, depending on the type of plan.
Permanent disability among children has resulted, including blindness, paralysis, brain damage, and loss of limbs.
In 1981 the fleet suffered the loss of many of its senior officers, including its commander in chief, Admiral Emil Spiridonov, when the Tupolev Tu-104 transporting them back to Vladivostok after meetings in Leningrad crashed shortly after takeoff from Pushkin Airport.
After being freed, Rayman tells Ly of his separation with Globox and his loss of powers.
He came on as a substitute for Carlos Tévez in the 69th minute in Argentina's 3–1 victory over Mexico in the Round of 16, but did not feature during the quarterfinal loss to Germany.
But after the death of Julie, a spitz, in 1998 she could not bear the loss and hence discontinued keeping pet dogs at her home.
A one-time loss of US $700,000 due to Hurricane Sandy in combination with steadily declining sales due to competition from locally owned mom-and-pop cupcake shops as well as increased competition from grocery stores, caused a sharp decline in the company's prospects and stock price in 2013.
Seniors will be allowed to finish their degrees without the loss of any credit hours in the spring semester of 2022 at several other institutions of higher education related to Churches of Christ through "teach out" agreements.
This species is mainly threatened by the loss and degradation of its habitat.
- What loss would the entity sustain if deprived of the asset?
This makes the language simple to read and maintain, with relatively minimal loss of speed.
Infants may present with feeding difficulties with frequent vomiting, diarrhea, swelling of the abdomen, and failure to gain weight or sometimes weight loss.
Castillo made his debut for the Chile senior team on 23 March 2013 in a 1–0 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL) away loss to Peru, coming on as a 70th-minute substitute for Jean Beausejour.
| 2006-10-29 || Loss ||align=left| Naoki Tashima || R.I.S.E.
The site was the location of a 5-alarm fire in October 1966 in which 12 firefighters died, the New York City Fire Department's worst loss of life before the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Hefner recorded his first career loss against the Toronto Blue Jays on May 19, 2012, after pitching five innings of relief.
  Excludes two wins and one loss against the British & Irish Lions in 1910.
1: The NHL uses a point system for their standings that awards two points for a win and one point an overtime or shootout loss.
The 7-6 Jackets' victory gave Alabama its only loss of the year and ended the Tide's quest for a second straight national championship in what many Tech fans consider the greatest game ever played at Historic Grant Field.
He made his debut five days later, pitching a scoreless ninth inning in a 4–1 loss to the New York Yankees at Griffith Stadium.
He quickly amassed an undefeated record of 7-0 before his first loss to Carlo Prater.
Walker nevertheless attracted good notices from the critics: "a fine degree of precision without any loss of spontaneity", although Walker was judged "less of a disciplinarian than Isidore Godfrey."
He also played the first half of the 0–6 loss to Sweden, when he was substituted by Patrik Mišák.
Fear, Dependence and Loss of Self-Esteem: Affective Barriers in Second Language Learning among Adults (with Y. Cohen), in: Relc, Seamo Regional Language Centre, Singapore, vol2/2, 1989.
The loss rates were in the British favour, but both air forces had sustained a level of attrition they could not support for long.
In his formal statement, he commented that the loss of life was "dreadful" and the "thoughts and prayers of the British people were with them".
Recombination can lead to both DNA loss or gain.
They ended this road trip with a loss against the Rangers before heading back home for a six-game stand.
He scored his club's first goal in a 3–2 loss against the Brazilian club Santos at the 81st minute, being the Colo-Colo's first score discount of the game, before the second discount of Diego Rubio, after of six minutes.
For the loss of about 2,000 killed and wounded, Suchet succeeded in capturing 16,270 Spanish soldiers, 21 colors, and 374 guns.
– The government announced on 14 April that it had severed diplomatic relations with Libya, citing "the prevailing hostilities and armed violence in Libya which have caused grave loss civilian life".
The text expressed great concern about the deterioration of the situation on the territory, and strongly condemned the violent incidents in Gdeim Izik and El Aaiún, calling the parties to remain calm and deploring the loss of lives.
A silent stroke typically affects regions of the brain associated with various thought processes, mood regulation and cognitive functions and is a leading cause of vascular cognitive impairment and may also lead to a loss of urinary bladder control.
III./StG 3 managed to carry out an attack over the front with 25 aircraft without loss the same day.
On 9 September, the NTC health minister said that at least 2,000 rebels and civilians had been killed in the Misrata area since the war began, with at least 900 injuries that had resulted in loss of limbs.
Washington went 5–1–1 during the streak, which was eventually snapped in a 5–2 loss to the San Jose Sharks on January 7.
Produced by Russell, the album served as a departure from Scott-Heron's earlier work, both musically and thematically, eschewing its soul, jazz, and funk styles and social commentary for more personal, reflective lyrics with ruminations on love, loss, and identity, set to contemporary electronic music.
The Princess of Harduf is a book about survival and understanding, about hope and loss.
On 12 December, McLean made his debut for Arbroath in a 4–3 loss to Stirling Albion.
On March 3, he made five of nine three-pointers and scored a career-high 36 points in a 135–130 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Cunneyworth's first game as the interim head coach resulted in a 5–3 loss against the New Jersey Devils at the Bell Centre on December 17.
An antenuptial contract excludes community of property and community of profit or loss, so that each spouse maintains a separate estate with separate assets and liabilities.
Following a complaint by King's College London council at the loss of privacy, the response of the Metropolitan Board of Works was that "the terms under which the college is held are not such as to enable the council to restrict Her Majesty from opening windows in Somerset House whenever she may think proper".
To compensate for the loss of revenue due to relinquishment of the tobacco monopoly, Menon increase the price of paddy.
The RCIC can make up this water loss, from either of two sources: a makeup water tank located outside containment, or the wetwell itself.
Will Seelan emerge from this loss as a stronger person or crumble under the weight of the pain?
At a meeting of creditors on 29 January 1962 the company had a total deficiency of £521,073, the failure of the company was attributed by the directors to insufficient capital and too rapid expansion, loss of income from aircraft under repair, high wage costs and large hire-purchase payments were also cited.
His victory in Hong Kong was tempered somewhat by his defeat against Neung Songnarong and the loss of the W.K.N.
| 2015-08-23 || Loss ||align=left| Muensang Suppachai || I.F.M.A.
In the credit, Black Bellamy jealously looks at the new bounty of the Pirate Captain resulting in the loss of his newfound award.
To avoid heat loss, and to insulate the cabin from its heat, the battery was stored inside a double-walled stainless steel vacuum bottle.
As a senior, he recorded 60 tackles, 21 tackles for loss, 12 sacks, while adding seven forced fumbles, one blocked punt, and a safety on defense, while on offense, he caught 34 passes for 570 yards and four touchdowns as a tight end.
After his temporary departure from the Reichstag in the election of November 1932, Meier returned in the election of March 1933 to the Berlin parliament, where he saw the final loss of his mandate in June of that year.
But they were disappointing in a 1–0 loss at home to Crystal Palace on 24 October.
Barcelona's UEFA Champions League campaign ended in the semi-finals after a 2–3 aggregate loss against eventual winners Chelsea.
May 1923 Air Union Farman Goliath crash, in which F-AEGB crashed at Monsures, Somme, France with the loss of all six on board
Academy has filed a lawsuit against the University over the loss of the contract.
To make up for the loss of parkland, the City will convert Asser Levy Place into parkland.
He made his debut for the Wizards in their season opener on October 27, recording nine points and seven rebounds off the bench in a 114–99 loss to the Atlanta Hawks.
Anosognosia is a lack of awareness or understanding of the loss of function caused by the brain injury and is common in individuals who have suffered a right hemisphere stroke.
Nevertheless, Somerset's loss was even heavier than that suffered a week earlier, losing by an innings and 301 runs.
Also in the case of child abuse, memory errors can lead to the creation of false traumatic childhood memories, which can lead to false accusations and loss of trust.
Complicating matters is that Armstrong is newly widowed, and neither she nor her daughter handle the loss well.
There is widespread concern amongst environmental groups, organic farmers and the international community that the introduction of transgenic organisms into local ecosystems may cause irreversible loss of biodiversity when the new synthetic strains become predominant.
Risk management and loss prevention resources
Among weight loss treatment-seeking adults, experiencing weight stigma might exacerbate weight- and health-related quality of life issues.
As a result of the declining membership and the loss of revenue from dues, the ORT was forced to suspend payment of pensions to retired members through the mutual benefit program.
The loss of a charismatic and dominant leader often precipitates the decline of such groups, but the Spirit Fruit Society persevered.
He played the full 90 minutes in the play-off final at Wembley Stadium on 15 May 2016, scoring with a long-range strike, but could not prevent the club missing out on promotion to the Football League in a 3–1 loss to Grimsby Town.
By air the Germans lifted 21,107 men and about  of supplies for a loss of 55 transport aircraft, most on the ground on Italian airfields, to Allied bombing.
Others halted production due to safety checks and power loss.
Their only regular season loss was to Baylor, and the team posted wins over #9 Tennessee in Knoxville and a narrow 1 point at #1 Connecticut.
Mid-season purchase Bernardo Romeo made his mark immediately at his new club, which somewhat compensated for Sergej Barbarez loss of form.
In round 1 of the 2018 season, Gagai made his club debut for South Sydney against the New Zealand Warriors, playing at centre in South Sydney's 20–32 loss at Perth Stadium.
As the tsunami engulfed the station, the IC valves were closed and could not be reopened automatically due to the loss of electrical power, but could have been opened manually.
On January 31, against the Milwaukee Bucks, Leonard's career-high streak of scoring at least 20 points in 22 consecutive games ended when he had 16 points in a 105–92 loss.
Coolant injection into reactors 1 and 3 is interrupted for 50 minutes due to a loss of power after a strong earthquake.
The Pacific Marine Review reported that the loss of the "Moore schooner Carrier Dove" was estimated at "$77,000 cargo, no hull."
The plan was successful as most of the city was spared from the undead horde, albeit at the loss of many cathars and buildings because of the great fire.
| 2012-11-24 || Loss ||align=left| Karim Ghajji || Nuit des Champions || Marseilles, France || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Borjas' other research also indicated that "high-school dropouts experience a substantial wage loss from immigration of 6.3% in the short run and 3.1% over the long haul as labor markets adjust to the increased number of workers."
The season came down to the last game, against conference rival Liberty, in which the Seawolves battled for the FCS bid but came up too short allowing to many points against in a 54-28 loss at Lynchburg.
These include: the effect of moderating oil prices, the "food vs fuel" debate, poverty reduction potential, carbon emissions levels, sustainable biofuel production, deforestation and soil erosion, loss of biodiversity, impact on water resources, as well as energy balance and efficiency.
Wellington and Canterbury shared a win and a loss against each other.
The Court of Appeal granted an award of specific performance by a majority, because there was considerable difficulty proving a loss suffered and Argyll had acted with ‘unmitigated commercial cynicism’.
As part of this gigantic effort, data sets will be improved, which are also needed for real time loss assessments.
The loss of military business after the war resulted in dropping sales.
Stressful life experiences may be a cause of memory loss as a person ages.
However, there's no reason that the waste heat cannot be diverted to run stirling engines to pump seawater through reverse osmosis assemblies except that any additional use of the heat raises the effective heat sink temperature for the thermal power plant resulting in some loss of energy conversion efficiency.
The three men were never recompensed for their loss.
It was Marist-Western's sixth grand final loss since 1969.
Lamb was one of the foundation players for Adelaide in 1991 and made played his only league game in their round 5 loss to the West Coast Eagles at Subiaco Oval.
This loss resulted to her exit from the top 20, losing ten ranking positions.
Ackner LJ held that Middleton’s loss did not flow from the breach of contract, but him going and doing the repairs when he was not meant to.
He made his first team début in 2011's Super League XVI, playing at his preferred position of  in a 20-40 loss to Castleford Tigers, where he kicked two goals from four attempts.
The event resulted in the loss of the plant's off-site power supply and knocked out several safety-related systems, resulting in a Level 2 event on the International Nuclear Event Scale.
| 2012-10-06 || Loss ||align=left| Igor Jurković || Glory 2: Brussels || Brussels, Belgium || TKO (Ref Stop/3 Knockdowns) || 2 || 
On February 22, 2020, Otzelberger and the Runnin' Rebels defeated #4 San Diego State University, handing SDSU their first loss of the season.
Churchill lamented the loss of Berehaven and the other Southern Irish ports, greatly reducing the operational radius of the escorts, due to the determination of the Irish leader Éamon de Valera to remain resolutely neutral in the conflict.
Systolic heart failure involves a loss of effective actin-myosin cross bridges in the myocytes (heart muscle cells) of the left ventricle, which leads to a decreased ability of the heart to move blood through the body.
Half the camels were recovered, and while doing so, the Muslims killed 4 of the raiders while suffering the same loss of their own men.
Diphenylcyclopropenone triggers an immune response that is thought to oppose the action of the autoreactive cells that otherwise cause hair loss.
Device control module/data loss prevention 
The SUPP suffered a net loss of five seats, all to the Democratic Action Party (DAP), the same number it lost during the previous election.
Lured into attacking Russian hussars, Trelliard's cavalry suffered serious loss when the enemy cavalry wheeled aside, exposing the French to the fire of a masked battery.
In 1822, with his health in decline, Cristall went to Goodrich on the Wye, where he had bought a house and spent happy years, until the loss of his wife in 1840 drove him again to London, where he died in 1847.
Dave Prentis, general secretary of UNISON, remarked that "These are ordinary families and working people, many with their children to send a strong message to David Cameron to halt the damaging cuts which are leading to the loss of tens of thousands of jobs and the closure of services including libraries and care homes."
His subject matter included paintings which were more mystical as he worked out the demons from the voyage, his loss of Hilde and his own alcoholism.
| 2011-06-18 || Loss ||align=left| Javier Hernandez || Fix Events & Fightclub Group presents: It's Showtime 2011 || Madrid, Spain || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00 
| 2015-04-12|| Loss ||align=left| Yodsanklai Fairtex || Kunlun Fight 22 || Changde, China || Decision || 3 || 3:00
On 9 November 2011 the ministry of Finance reported that since the disaster in March 2011, due to rising energy costs, high oil-prices, and the need to replace the loss of nuclear power the current account surplus had fallen 21.4 percent to 20.4 billion dollars compared with the year 2010.
The main threats to the species are habitat loss and fragmentation due to clearing for residential development, illegal clearing and picking, and habitat degradation resulting from grazing and slashing.
The first loss to an Allied gun was on 20 January 1943 near Robaa, when a battery of the British 72nd Anti-Tank Regiment knocked out a Tiger with their 6-pounder (57 mm) anti-tank guns.
He struggled with a loss of integrity that he experienced as the mouthpiece of a spiritual community that he increasingly perceived as dictatorial.
However, in the third match, Woods was criticised for conceding too many penalties in the Blues series-deciding loss.
| 2007-11-17 || Loss ||align=left| Farid Khider || La Nuit des Champions || Marseilles, France || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Among the leadership from Louisiana was chairman of the Louisiana Seafood Promotion and Marketing Board, Harlon Pearce who, along with his colleagues called for no net loss of coastal land and a strategic rebuilding of areas already identified as culturally and economically important by Louisiana's 2012 Master Plan.
They reported of two brothers with broad distal phalanges, sensorineural hearing loss, and facial features consistent with what would become known as Keipert or "nasodigitoacoustic" syndrome.
Machado made his debut in the Portuguese top flight on 14 August 2015, playing 90 minutes in a 1–2 home loss against Sporting CP.
The dental analysis for the Moatfield population focused on patterns of caries (cavities), abscessing, wear, and antemortem tooth loss.
His first game in charge took place six days later, in a 0–1 away loss against Southampton for the fourth round of the FA Cup.
And that's what I was trying to describe in the song – loss.
The fire contracts of Hamburg turned out to be ineffective against the many fires that happened in Hamburg in the seventeenth century and they could not compensate everyone that had a loss due to fire.
For example, excessive desensitization due to the overexpression of GRK2 leads to the loss of β-adrenergic receptor signaling in hearts (see Adrenergic receptor#β receptors].
In the first quarter of 2017, the company reported a loss, although revenue was rising compared to the year prior.
He made his La Liga debut on 17 August, playing 65 minutes in a 0–3 home loss against Levante UD.
Increased probing depths over time is linked to loss of attachment and a reduction in the supporting alveolar bone levels.
Dynamic insulation is thus able to achieve the dual function of reducing the heat loss through the walls and/or roof whilst at the same time supplying pre-warmed air to the indoor spaces.
Williams later switched his allegiance to the British Virgin Islands, making his debut on 5 March 2000 and scoring the Nature Boyz' lone goal in a 5–1 loss to Bermuda.
As the study suggests, “the main problems are the small population size and genetic degeneration, with the consequent future loss of diversity.
According to Jeffrey Escoffier, given that many members of the LGBT community saw gay sex as transgressive and empowering, safe sex, particularly the use of condoms that had been traditionally seen as only necessary for heterosexual sex, was therefore a "normalization" of gay sex and a loss of gay power.
When he overhears her phoning Ed to tell him she is quitting her life of crime, he is at a loss what to do, "whipsawed" as he calls it.
Kinkaid made his Rangers debut on March 7, 2021, in the Rangers' 5–1 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
They were the "most dominant white racial extremist band" and were idealized in the "emerging movement that arose in response to perceptions of political liberalism, diversity, and the loss of a power in the white community."
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi expressed "deep sorrow" at the loss of life.
Myers made her debut with the Akron Racers on June 1, 2004 in a loss vs. the Texas Thunder, though she did not start the game.
However, a loss in this game saw the Mariners finish third in the group.
These areas are beginning to be incorporated into weight loss coaching and will probably begin to figure more.
| 2008-05-24 || Loss ||align=left| Albert Kraus || Gentleman Promotions Fightnight || Tilburg, Netherlands || KO (Knee Strike) || 2 ||   
To make up for the loss of patronage due to the low water levels, a roller coaster was constructed, as well as a short railroad from the pavilion to the water using gasoline-powered speeders to carry patrons across the brine flat.
A further strike in 1924 saw the loss of freight traffic to road transport.
by being induced by a director to part with his shares in the company at an undervalue), as distinct from loss sustained by him by a diminution in the value of his shares (eg.
It tells how Sippar and the Ebabbar temple of Shamash had fallen into disrepair with the loss of the statue of the God.
Grahame Thomas made 52 of the 87 runs he added with Simpson as Australia passed 300 for the loss of one wicket.
The ship was abandoned on 16 September as a constructive total loss.
The final three matches of the tour saw a loss to Toowoomba and wins over Wide Bay and Newcastle.
November began badly for Nelson as they suffered their heaviest defeat of the season, a 0–5 loss away at New Brighton.
One week after being drafted, Newton played in Melbourne's only 1997 Ansett Australia Cup match, a loss to Carlton.
Blackbird is also used at The Dougy Center, helping children who are grieving the loss of a parent.
He equalised in the 64th minute even though the match ended in a 2–1 home loss against his former club, which ended a 13-match unbeaten run since the team lost to Arsenal on 1 November 2020.
His heroic defense resulted in his acquittal at the court martial for the loss of his vessel.
Codan paid an indemnity of 23 million; it was at that time the largest insurance loss in Sweden.
The British casualties were 31 dead (including 10 officers), and 80 wounded - the single most devastating loss of life suffered by the British military in the whole of the New Zealand Wars.
In the late 1920s the Leslies relocated to New York City, where Leslie began losing his wife's money playing the stock market: "Estimates of the loss run from $25,000 to $250,000."
Segal's story was profiled in the 2006 book Feeling Unreal: Depersonalization Disorder and the Loss of the Self by Daphne Simeon and Jeffrey Abugel.
On April 7, 2014, Hutchinson made his NHL debut in a 1–0 loss to the Minnesota Wild.
The Devils gave the Kings their only playoff road loss with a 2–1 victory, ending their 10-game road-winning streak, and became the first club since the Detroit Red Wings in  to come back from a 3–0 deficit in the Cup Finals to force a game six.
On April 13, 2014, Khokhlachev made his NHL debut skating 15:14 with the Boston Bruins in a 3–2 loss to the New Jersey Devils.
A sense of nostalgia and loss, as well as the excitement and the insecurity of the future, accompany this process, the essence of which is transition.
The declaration came halfway through the day and the MCC's winning 289/8 also took 35 overs, though they passed 200 for the loss of two wickets as Geoff Boycott made 95 before he was run out, Colin Cowdrey 52 and M.J.K.
He made his professional debut on 16 April 2011 in Dayton's first game of the 2011 season, a 2–1 loss to Charleston Battery.
He played for the Dutch U-18 team on 19 November 2008 in a friendly encounter against Belgium U-18, a match which ended in 0–3 loss to the Belgians.
In his debut with the Senators, he registered an assist in a 6–4 loss to the St. Louis Blues on 11 October 2019.
After Bligh's loss at the 2012 Queensland State Election, Annastacia Palaszczuk succeeded her as party leader, and led the ALP to victory at the 2015 Queensland State Election, to become the second woman Premier of Queensland on 14 February 2015, leading the party to victory from Opposition.
Siemens recorded his first NHL point on an assist on Nathan MacKinnon's single goal in a loss to the Calgary Flames on February 24, 2018.
Following his loss to Couture, Ortiz faced Chuck Liddell at UFC 47, losing by second round knockout.
Coming off a close loss in the 2010 Pinstripe Bowl, K-State's off-season was headlined by signing brothers Arthur and Bryce Brown,  from Wichita East High School joining the team.
The first was against New Zealand Maori where he scored a try in a 28-18 loss against a Maori side which was about to embark on a tour of Australia.
"If there are chick flicks and chick lit – derogatory though some might find those terms to be – Love, Loss, and What I Wore should clearly be classified as chick legit... for the women who can share deeply in the particulars of experience dissected and discussed."
It had recorded the least percentage of forest loss in the period between 1990 and 2005 of 1.9%.
The single was later dubbed as a promotional release due to the rapper's hearing loss and recovery.
He made his full debut a day later, replacing Julsy Boukama-Kaya in the 68th minute of a 2–0 away loss against Rwanda for the second leg of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations second qualification round.
However, the loss of the oil workers in the nearby Harrison Township oil fields meant that consumer demand in Mollie was significantly diminished.
Defensively, Marshall is tied for fifth nationally in tackles for loss (95), and is tied for 15th in fumbles recovered (14).
| 2007-03-24 || Loss ||align=left| Mohammed Rahhaoui || Fights at the Border V, Elimination Fight || Lommel, Belgium || Decision || 3 || 3:00
For example, assuming a total loss of a vehicle valued at $15,000, but on which the owner owes $20,000, is the "gap" of $5000.
Hendrick's 2016–17 season did not get off to a good start as he picked up a hamstring injury in a 2–0 loss to Barnsley on 13 August 2016.
A 3–2 loss at home to El Salvador, was followed by a hat-trick from Alex Bunbury in the first half, becoming the first Canadian to score one in a competitive international match.
Lyrically, the album features many themes of emotional anguish and is considered ultra-emotional; its emotions range though pain, rage, and anger and deals with loss considerably.
The loss of redundant off-site power required a "notification of unusual event", the lowest of four levels of concern dictated by the NRC.
In Round 26 against the Sydney Roosters, Burgess was placed on a contrary conduct charge after he threw a water bottle at Roosters forward Kane Evans as he was walking off the field to the sideline; Burgess was sitting on the interchange bench at the time of the incident in the Rabbitohs 30–0 loss at Sydney Football Stadium.
In preliminary considerations, in spite of using conventional, rigid steel pipe, the shape of the SCR can be also approximated with the use of ideal catenary equations, when some further loss of accuracy is acceptable.
Most of the films screened in the festival were about Kashmir Conflict  and its various facets of presentation, livelihood issues, loss of tradition and heritage, drug abuse etc.
He made his professional debut on April 23, 2011 in a 3-2 loss to Rochester Rhinos.
A time limit is in effect for all 15 levels of the game; resulting in instant death and the loss of a life if the timer reaches 0:00.
He debuted in a 1–0 loss against Comunicaciones on 18 October 2014.
At 16:35 Enterprise reappeared and closed to a range of , despite sporadic firing from the German guns, which were almost out of ammunition, before firing one torpedo that caused T25 to founder at 16:46 with the loss of 85 crewmen.
For longer cables the loss contributions from damaged portions may be diluted in the measurement.
Olabe made his debut in the Spanish top flight on 15 October 1995, starting in a 1–2 home loss against CP Mérida.
He collected a season-high eight combined tackles (seven solo) in the Chargers' 20–13 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals.
After the fifth century fall of the Western Roman Empire, medicinal knowledge in Europe suffered due to the loss of Greek medicinal texts and a strict adherence to tradition, although an area of Southern Italy near Salerno remained under Byzantine control and developed a hospital and medical school, which became famous by the 11th century.
Weight loss despite normal or increased appetite.
Hellberg sat on the bench as Lundqvist's backup in the first game (a 3–1 loss to the Ottawa Senators), but Hellberg made his first NHL start in the second game (Rangers' season finale) against the Pittsburgh Penguins.
In situation 1, option 1a has a certain loss of $500 and option 1b has equal probabilities of losing $1000 or $0.
Six passengers subsequently died from blood loss.
He made his Met debut on Thursday, September 5, in a 9–0 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals at Busch Stadium.
The following week, Conte recorded his first career tackle during a six-yard run on running back Pierre Thomas in the third quarter of a 30–13 loss at the New Orleans Saints in Week 2.
He was inactive for the last two games of the regular season (Weeks 16–17) after injuring his knee during a Week 15 loss at the St. Louis Rams.
He made his debut for the club on 19 March 2017, replacing Aitor Sanz in a 1–0 home loss against CF Reus Deportiu.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Seahawks' season-opener at the San Francisco 49ers and recorded five combined tackles during the 33–17 loss.
He finished the Bills' 35–8 loss at the Miami Dolphins with a season-high 11 combined tackles (nine solo).
On October 6, a day after missing three field goals in the Lions' week five loss to the Buffalo Bills, including a potential game-winner late in the final minute, he was released by the team.
He went on to also miss the Jets' Week 15 loss to the Miami Dolphins after he sustained a concussion the previous week.
During the game, Sherman recorded 2 tackles and recovered a fumble forced by teammate Fred Warner on Dalvin Cook in the 24–16 loss.
On January 8, 2012, Bosher made his playoff debut in the Falcons' 24–2 loss to the New York Giants in the Wild Card Round.
24 July 2011: The Magpies' second match in the U.S. ends in a 1–0 loss to Orlando City in Orlando, Florida.
The region is made of the TBXAS1 gene, which is associated with bleeding disease, BRAF, which is associated with cancers, and ATP6VoA4, which is associated with renal distal tubular acidosis with sensorineural hearing loss.
He made his debut in a 3–1 loss at Knights Stadium against reigning champions Bentleigh Greens on 11 March 2016.
Boomf made a loss of £3 million between 2015 and 2018.
AIK lost the game 4–2, which recorded AIK's fourth consecutive loss to Djurgården counting the teams' previous season meetings.
In 2007, as a freshman, he recorded 11 tackles for a loss and 60 tackles in total.
He later set a then benchmark for his personal best by scoring a career-high 37 points in a loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.
On January 13, he had his second triple-double of the season, collecting season highs of 43 points and 15 assists along with 10 rebounds in a 140–138 double-overtime loss to the Raptors.
June 21: Abe King scored a conference-high 60 points in Toyota's 142-172 semifinal loss to Crispa.
Of particular concern is the irrevocable loss of raw materials due to their increase in entropy in the linear business model.
Pam Halpert (Jenna Fischer) insists that he put it away, but Dwight accidentally fires the gun right by Andy Bernard (Ed Helms), causing him temporary hearing loss.
Examples of the environmental and health impacts are agricultural loss due to acid rain and particulate shading, damage to ecosystems, and pollution in the hydrosphere.
Middle ear implantable hearing devices are relatively recent developments in the treatment of hearing loss, and, unlike conventional hearing aids, they are either partially or fully implanted within the body.
In February 2016, Sofaworks re branded to Sofology, following the loss of a court case against a competitor who argued that the Sofaworks name infringed on one of its owned brands.
Recognition is thus made and measures taken to combat some of the most serious conservation issues, namely the lack of specialist craftsmen, the loss of knowledge of traditional techniques, and the availability of suitable tools and materials.
He gave up two runs in four innings; he did not earn the decision in a 5–4 loss to the Texas Rangers.
Despite not starting, Davis was given the bulk of the workload in a playoff loss to the Colts, finishing with 18 carries for 67 yards and a touchdown before suffering a knee injury.
The main threat to the species is the loss and degradation of its habitat caused by ungulates, non-native plants, and fires.
The Conservative party remained in overall control with 43 seats, a net loss of just one seat.
Tip rounding occurs due to the loss of outermost atoms present at the apex of the tip which can be a result of excessive force applied or character of the sample.
Starting in the final against Real Madrid, he played the entire 120 minutes and successfully converted his attempt in the penalty shoot-out, in a 5–3 loss.
The design and construction drawings of the Rs.II had been prepared during 1915 and the airframe was completed rapidly after the loss of the Rs.I.
As to this issue dealing with safety, it may well be that a company's buses are maintained at a higher level and that it does not then suffer the risk of breakdown, maintenance failures and a loss of reputation because of the failure of its equipment.
The victory coupled with Barcelona's loss at Gefate boosted Real Madrid's lead in La Liga to six points.
He scored 6 points in this game, the only points for Australia in a 9–6 loss to Scotland.
After a careful inquiry, ‘Ali paid the blood-money to all those who suffered loss.
3q29 microdeletion syndrome is marked by the loss of 1.6 million base pairs, including 5 known genes and 17 unknown transcripts.
Pierce's fierce belief in his cult's explanation of "death" alluded to how people of all faiths (and non-faiths) cope with loss and teach the appreciation of life.
The first game they played was on May 1, against Richmond, a 2-0 loss before 9,000 fans.
The film uses a stark form of humor to resonate the interplay of alienation, turmoil, and other emotions that are associated with reconciling loss.
Although party elections caused various members to enter and leave—overlooking the brief 1957 loss of power to the leftists—the core of the first generation of the CEC remained roughly the same for several election cycles up until 1984.
In July 2009 he was sold to L.P. Seconda Divisione (ex- Serie C2) team Melfi for €500 in another co-ownership deal, made Inter register a loss of €1,000, as his residual value was €2,000 and sold for €1,000 only.
Michael Jordan recently came out of his retirement and returned to play for the Bulls, as the Hornets were eliminated three games to one in the best-of-five series, losing by just one point in an 85–84 road loss in Game 4.
For example, there could be no objection for loss of amenity if a loud railway was run past one's house.
Bolton remained bottom going into an international break with a 1–5 home loss to Chelsea.
"Beauty, Number and Loss of Order in the Gnostic Cosmos," Neoplatonism and Gnosticism (Studies in Neoplatonism vol.
On January 4, 2012, only a few days after Iowa's loss in the 2011 Insight Bowl, Reiff announced his decision to forgo his final year of eligibility at Iowa, entering the 2012 NFL Draft.
The party made a net loss of 12 constituency seats, gaining only one and holding another two, but retained 21 of its 22 regional seats which assign additional members to address imbalance in constituency results.
Loss of SS Islander
Rookie Elmer Cabahug banged in a 15-foot jumper in the last five seconds to salvage the victory and dealt Añejo its fourth loss in five outings.
Since the Globetrotters always defeat the Generals, the loss left the audience of the game in shock.
Clan Ranald is notable both for its high loss of life and its unique place in Australian maritime archaeology.
It is widespread and common in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory but is classed as "endangered" in Victoria due to habitat loss as a result of urbanisation.
In Week 10, he made his regular season debut as a member of the Miami Dolphins and collected a season-high nine combined tackles in their 45–21 loss at the Carolina Panthers.
| 2010-11-02 || Loss ||align=left| Pakon Sakyothin || Suek Lumpinee-Rajadamnern Special, Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Trump, however, did not hold her accountable for the loss of the task.
ARHGAP31 mutations result in a loss of available active Cdc42 and consequently disrupt actin cytoskeletal structures, causing syndromic cutis aplasia and limb anomalies.
| 2010-11-26 || Loss ||align=left| Sitthichai Sitsongpeenong || La Nuit des Champions 2010 || Marseilles, France || Decision || 5 || 3:00
After a two-week break due to Everton being involved in the FA Cup semi-final, Stoke made the long trip north to Newcastle United where they came away with a heavy 3–0 loss.
He is now a successful, wealthy sportscaster, but is best known for his embarrassing loss to Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Dance-Off.
In 2016, continuation of long term warming trends and sea ice loss are triggering extensive Arctic Changes.
He played just the one match before he was omitted from the side and returned to the senior side a week later for the two-point loss against  at AAMI Stadium in round eight as a late inclusion, before being dropped again after the one match.
Yuri Bogaturyov's death at the age of 41 was deplored by critics as a tragic loss of one of the country's most gifted and unusual actors.
Purefoods won five of their next six games in the elimination round and handed the Sunkist Orange Juicers their first loss after nine straight wins in a 91-81 victory on the final day of the elimination round on July 18.
32 sailors were killed, the Kriegsmarine's greatest loss of life in the war.
Royal Delta was sired by Empire Maker, who avenged his loss in the Kentucky Derby to Funny Cide with a commanding win in the 2003 Belmont Stakes.
After the loss Head was subsequently released from the UFC.
His professional debut was as a substitute in Incheon's opening match of the season, replacing the Brazilian import Luizinho in the side's loss to Sangju Sangmu.
Another home loss three days later to Liverpool prompted chairman Steve Morgan to enter the dressing room after the game.
Using a multi-level marketing model, Isagenix sells dietary supplement products such as protein shakes, weight loss supplements, and diet snacks and meals, as well as cosmetics.
Five fatalities were caused by loss of backup power, and the nine-story building was so damaged that it was deemed structurally compromised, and was later torn down.
The move to Memphis did not solve the Grizzlies' financial problems, and as of 2011 the team's cumulative loss was US$100 million.
Following 6 years of perfect record in aviation safety, on June 3, 2012, Dana Air Flight 992 crashed in the Iju-Ijesha neighborhood of Lagos resulting in loss of 153 people on board.
The report does mention that the official fish die-off estimate of 34,056 is probably quite low and could be only half of the actual loss.
Allowing for 10% per annum depreciation, her book value at the time of the loss was £10,828 0s 2d.
After a Game 2 loss in the same playoff series against Miami, Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand as a result of punching the glass casing of a fire extinguisher in the locker room area.
Mayo was replaced by six-year NBA veteran Mitchell Wiggins, who debut with 62 points in their 106-108 loss to Swift on July 5, where the Meaties played without suspended import Ronnie Thompkins.
Srama returned to the Titans first grade squad in Round 9 against the South Sydney Rabbitohs playing off the interchange bench in the Titans 40-18 loss at Cbus Super Stadium.
On the part of the conservative groups, by the serious friction with the Catholic Church; by the loss of the political support from the large landowners due to the abolition of slavery in 1888, which occurred without the compensation of the slaveholders.
They recorded a combined loss of $984,498 for those four years, according to documents lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
He played 81 out of the 82 games that season and the only game he missed was because his coach wanted to shake up the lineup for the struggling Wild, so he was named a healthy scratch in a 3-0 loss to the San Jose Sharks.
The novelist Samuel Butler was booked to travel on Burmah to New Zealand, but he changed to a different ship, Roman Emperor, at the last moment, and therefore avoided the loss of Burmah.
Following the loss of her seat at the 2020 Irish general election, Zappone moved back to Seattle to work as a full-time volunteer for Joe Biden's presidential campaign in the 2020 United States presidential election, then to New York.
Against Temple, Stoglin came off the bench with 16 points, 12 of which came in the second half, sparking a comeback from a 15-point halftime deficit that fell just short in the 64–61 loss.
Net annual operating revenue (excluding revenue from carriage of goods) of $47,000 in 1964 turned into a net loss of $118,000 in 1969.
Since the loss was caused by a peril of the sea, the carriers would not be liable (via their P&I Club) under the Hague or Hague-Visby Rules.
Thomas made his professional debut for Antigua Barracuda FC on April 17, 2011 in a 2-1 loss to the Los Angeles Blues.
The motive for such bidding is to keep the company's skilled labour employed, even if the project only breaks even or makes a loss.
He started in Ireland's final game of the tournament, a 22–15 loss to Italy, on 16 March 2013.
Then in the Europa League Lazio played against Ludogorets Razgrad in the round of 32 and Berisha was present to play the full 90-minutes match which finished in the 1–0 loss.
The perceived advantages of this are the avoidance of large scars, decreased blood loss, faster recovery periods and less pain.
Johnson scored his first try for Cronulla in Round 5 against the Sydney Roosters at Shark Park which ended in a 30–16 loss.
He returned to the starting line-up in place of Clem Rigg for the 2–3 loss to Darlington on 5 January 1929 and retained his place for the next ten matches.
VMI went 3-1, suffering their first loss in the short team history.
He made his debut for the Barracudas on April 17, 2011, in the team's first competitive game, a 2–1 loss to the Los Angeles Blues.
Nowadays the most common sources of single photons are single molecules, Rydberg atoms, diamond colour centres and quantum dots, with the last being widely studied with efforts from many research groups to realize quantum dots that fluoresce single photons at room temperature with photons in the low loss window of fiber-optic communication.
After three rounds it was clear that Vasily had no chance of upsetting the odds on favorite, losing every round in a third round unanimous decision loss.
The 26th and 191st Fighter Aviation Regiment lost 17 fighters between them, while the 35th and 44th Fighter Aviation Regiments suffered the loss of five between them, from a force of 154 fighters (113 serviceable).
Parker weighed 242 pounds, 16 pounds lighter than Whyte, however 6 pounds heavier than what he weighed in his loss to Joshua.
Initially, he suffers from the loss of his wife Jenny at the beginning of the outbreak, unwilling to move on while her reanimated body roamed the town.
It avenged a regular-season loss to Baker with a 21–14 win in the NAIA playoff quarterfinals at Amelia Earhart Stadium in Atchison.
 is the ion loss by diffusion, convection, attachment, and recombination
On January 6 of that season, in perhaps his best regular season game, Davis scored 22 points, grabbed 8 rebounds, and recorded 4 assists in a loss against the Washington Bullets while starting in place of injured all-star teammate Bob Dandridge.
Palermo also enjoyed a string of seven consecutive home wins that ended with a 0–1 loss to Cesena on 10 December.
Loss of 22q has been found in both sporadic and familial cases, supporting the presence of a tumor suppressor gene at this location.
It is an eloquently dark and sometimes angry record but it is also universal in its hard-driving and melodic psychological study of loss, unfulfilled love, and the struggle to find second chances.
Neurological testing may also be performed, such as "a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), diffusion-tensor magnetic resonance imaging (DT-MRI), and computerized brain tomography are used to detect central nervous system lesions, myelin loss, white matter abnormalities, and other physical changes in the brain."
Initially, the Americans would suffer the loss of their outposts mostly due to German artillery and mortar fire.
Federer followed suit, losing in the third round to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga for the second consecutive time in the third round, while Djokovic improved on his win and loss record of the year to 52-1.
Yet once working hours have reached about 40 hours per week, workers have been less enthusiastic about further reductions, both to prevent loss of income and as many value engaging in work for its own sake.
While this activity also produced sporadic straight-line wind damage, a more robust event into the evening hours was hindered by the loss of daytime heating and the departure of favorable dynamics for severe storm development.
Peter Nicolay Skibsted (1787–1832) was a Danish naval officer with a successful career marred only by the loss in 1810 of a squadron of three gunboats under his command to the British.
Sakai then scored his first goal for the club, in a 3–2 loss against Werder Bremen on 3 November 2013.
Reinhold, walking ahead and facing exhaustion, severe frostbite and the loss of his brother, continued down along the Diamir valley until he found some local shepherds, who helped him.
The original Chinese article from Xinhua also did not link the deaths with the J-15 nor mention any loss of such aircraft.
Pittsburgh coach Pop Warner refused to acknowledge the loss, but declared Ducote "the greatest football player I ever saw".
The Service is governed by its term of reference which allow for it to hear matters within six years of the first knowledge of a financial loss and, since January 2015, for the Service to award remedies capped at 309,000.
Nowitzki scored his 1,000th point against the Minnesota Timberwolves in a loss 82–99 and the Mavs fell to a 1–4 start.
The album was essentially created as a requiem for open and abandoned spaces in Montreal, as well as for similar loss and decay around the world, due to either urban development or military action.
Between the large number of mouths to feed, and depressed conditions following the Confederate loss of the Civil War, conditions for all the inhabitants of the McGee household were grim.
There are potential factors that may result in loss of muscle strength including postoperative adhesion, difference in vector of motion.
In addition, Cuba has other issues such as deforestation, water pollution, the loss of biodiversity, and air pollution.
Nowrunning rated the film 2 out of 5 and said,"'The King and the Commissioner' does try to make up for its very serious loss of a sense of intrigue by going in for those flashy cuts and chic looks."
The airframe was recovered on 20 October 1982 and returned to Middle Wallop for potential repair but was assessed as a structural loss.
The Shuckers opened the 2018 season with a 110-80 loss at home to the Middle Tennessee Storm.
Key elements for ensuring the best outcomes for children with hearing loss may include:
In 1999, 22 jurisdictions estimated that less than half of all infants (46.5%) were screened for hearing loss, steadily increasing to 80.1% in 2005 85.4% in 2007, and 98.0% by 2009.
He made his debut in the 2–0 away loss to Sutton Coldfield Town on 17 September, replacing Lee Morris as a substitute in the 55th minute.
Research has shown spatial hearing loss to be a leading cause of central auditory processing disorder (CAPD) in children.
To offset the loss of revenues from the sales of ceramic building materials, the Company began the manufacture of earthenware dinnerware and art ware in 1933 in the former Tropico Potteries factory.
All went on well till about the middle of the entertainment, when, with a tremendous crash the gallery fell down, throwing several hundred people into a heap, mingled with broken timbers, but fortunately without loss of life to the spectators.
After Morse's loss to Bob Packwood in the 1968 general election, Duncan and Morse again squared off for the Democratic nomination in the 1972 Senate election to face Hatfield.
In these matches, Spartaki Tskhinvali retained their Umaglesi Liga berth by beating Chikhura 2–1, while Samtredia were relegated after a 2–0 loss against Dila Gori.
March 22: The Realtors scored their fourth win against San Miguel and handed the beermen their first loss in four games in a 103-93 victory as Jun Limpot scored 35 points.
The men's team participated in Group C. The United States qualified for the quarterfinals with only one loss to Serbia, the eventual gold medallists, in pool play.
The lighthouse ran at a loss for several years, and it ceased operating in 1637.
On 17 July 2021, he played for Castleford in their 2021 Challenge Cup Final loss against St. Helens.
: the delicious 6-week weight loss plan for the real world is in 491 libraries, according to worldCat.
By the end of the first day, South Africa had reached 90 runs, half of Sri Lanka's first innings total, for the loss of one wicket, and captain Graeme Smith had scored a half-century.
Archibald Campbell, 4th Earl of Argyll, was driven out, sustaining great loss.
He became the club's youngest captain ever on 31 October 2012 at 17 years, 10 months and 12 days, coming on as a substitute in a 1–2 Serbian Cup loss to Borac Čačak, thus surpassing Stevan Jovetić.
Adverse effects of this approach also include pain, nerve damage, and loss of sensation due to the location of the inferior alveolar nerve.
Between 1929 and 1932 matches between the clubs were cancelled, a big loss of income to both clubs and one they could not afford.
Its last match was in 1998 against Victoria the Brisbane Cricket Ground, a 53-point loss.
Fighting over the five-round format, Ward posted five wins and one loss in his opening season.
Despite the loss of the Confederate artillery, fighting continued along the entire defensive line.
On 31 March, Vučević logged his first double-double as a Bull with 24 points and 10 rebounds in a 121–116 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
It was only during the 1968–69 season, when a loss of form by Clark prompted manager Eddie Turnbull to give him a chance, that McGarr was able to stake his claim and secure a regular starting position.
The Southern Steel began their season on 7 April with a loss to the New South Wales Swifts in Sydney.
| Largest loss =  2–0   (London; Great Britain; 29 July 2012)
In two days the steamer became a total loss and a local attraction.
In the post-game interview, Schneider took the blame for the loss, saying, "It was unacceptable to play that way and to put my team in that situation and not even give them a chance to win."
That was in a 7-3 loss on January 6, 2002 in Detroit.
Vail awoke before dawn to discover the loss.
He scored his first AZ goal in a 3–0 win over Go Ahead Eagles on 15 September 2013, then scored again on 1 December in a 3–2 loss against NEC.
Toyne's efforts to be a leading manufacturer in the growing Australian rotary clothes hoist market were affected by world events and personal loss.
In Mobiline's first game on July 11 following the Andy Seigle-Jerry Codinera trade, rookie Asi Taulava played listless in scoring only six points and was fined for his below-par showing in a 74-103 loss to Sta.Lucia.
Losing by a 7 whole lengths behind El Negro Torres and Tono M. But that would be the last loss of his 2-year-old year a win in an allowance race was a good prep for his final and biggest win of his 2-year-old year the Copa Navidad.
Excessive blood loss and nerve/artery damage are rare occurrences in surgery and can usually be avoided with proper technique and diligence; however, the patient should be warned of these potential complications, especially in patients with severe injuries and scarring.
The degree of hearing loss may vary from mild to severe.
With the end of the Ruhrkampf in September, Germany was at a loss as to how to utilize the planes which were due for delivery in 1924.
In the end, Hay-Webster renounced her U.S. citizenship, receiving a Certificate of Loss of Nationality on 27 October 2011.
After finishing the home and away season in 2007 with only one loss the Bulldog's were shock losers to Federal in a near unbackable grand final.
He was a back pocket defender for South Melbourne in their 1907 VFL Grand Final loss to Carlton.
His first decision, a loss, came on October 1 (the final game of the season) when the Houston Astros shutout the Giants, 3–0, in the Astrodome.
His work seeks to improve function and reduce disability for persons with chronic illness and impairments, including occupational injuries, rheumatic disease, spinal cord injury or limb loss.
1 ranking to Naomi Osaka in early August after an opening round loss at the Canadian Open.
 In The Loss of El Dorado: A Colonial History by V. S. Naipaul
Chitti Babu realizes the importance of money in life and finds employment in a garment factory which is in the loss and makes it successful and earns 1 lakh rupees.
The memoir originated with a series of diary entries that Gabrielsson wrote in order to cope with the loss of her partner.
In 2009, Kerry suffered a heavy loss to Cork in the first round of the Munster Championship.
It is threatened by the loss and modification of its habitat.
Musoke also played for the African Leopards multinational team, on July 23, 2005, in the 15–30 loss to the South African Students, in Ellis Park, Johannesburg.
Jay Rasulo, Disney CFO, expects to attribute a loss of $160–190 million in the company's Studio Entertainment division during the fourth fiscal quarter.
| 2001-06-09 || Loss ||align=left| Dennis Koebke || K-1 World GP '01 Prelim.
Four uncertain variables appear on the diagram in cyan ovals: The time required to drive from home to the airport's parking garage (in minutes), time to get from the parking garage to the gate (in minutes), the time before departure that one must be at the gate, and the loss (in minutes) incurred if the flight is missed.
In 1998, they were paired with Frisk Tigers, Esbjerg IK, and Lyon Hockey Club, they lost to Frisk 26–1, and their best results was a 15–1 loss to Lyon.
Sifuna Okwethu ("We Want What’s Ours") is a 2011 documentary film about loss, resistance, identity and the elusiveness of justice as experienced by the Ndolilas, a South African family.
The next day, the team relieved its next loss by ten (80–90) to Rwanda, later placing them in the Classification game.
Following the loss of his parliamentary seat, Ashbury pursued his business interests, which rapidly failed.
Although in their next game, they won against the Stags giving them their first loss of the season.
The loss, which Koeman called a small setback, granted Sporting the chance to catch Benfica in second place.
Fontana also covered boxing, and was on hand for Nicolino Locche's 1968 Light Welterweight World Championship win, as well as for Ringo Bonavena's controversial loss against Muhammad Ali in 1970.
In the amiable endowments and elegancies peculiar to her sex excelled perhaps by few, but by none in fortitude of mind and resignation to the will of God, with which she sustained the loss of her only son Adrian John Swete Esqr.
The loss, which led to Benfica's demotion to the UEFA Cup, frustrated Santos, who said, "The goal they scored at the end of the first half led to a lot of problems for us.
It seeks to offer positive therapy by focusing on the stages of emotion after the loss and articulating yoga techniques across the difficulty spectrum, and give comfort and a sense of community through personal stories.
During his presidential campaign of 1844, he proposed ending slavery by 1850 and compensating slaveholders for their loss.
From the loss of Sachin Tendulkar (80), India collapsed from 3/271 to 7/286.
They also became the first team in Big East history with just one regular season loss overall (January 21 at Notre Dame, 67–58).
Loss of the 5-Me group and further dehydrogenation form the aromatic 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroretene molecule.
The goal of bone ABR is to estimate cochlear function and to help identify the type of hearing loss present.
If this reconstruction and comprehension can be done in real-time, then real-time policies can be applied to traffic, preventing the propagation of malware, spam and valuable data loss.
The loss impacted the league standings; Benfica dropped to third place, and Porto had a five-point lead over Sporting.
More personal details explored are his and wife Lillian Disney's fertility struggles, the loss of his mother, and his health at the end of his life.
He made his league debut on 22 September 2013 in a 3–0 loss to Galatasaray, coming on in the 80th minute for Veli Kavlak.
Aldosterone causes increased resorption of sodium and loss of potassium in the collecting duct of the kidney, so these increased aldosterone levels cause the hypokalemia which is a common symptom of dRTA.
He retired in 2003, and in 2007 published Four Weeks in May, his account of the loss of Coventry during the Falklands War.
These studies concluded that the Laurentide ice sheet presented a positive surface mass balance during almost the entirety of its deglaciation, which indicates that the loss of mass throughout its deglaciation was more than likely due to dynamic discharge.
He remained with Daejeon for 2011 but had limited chances during the season, with his sole league appearance being in the heavy loss to the Pohang Steelers on 9 July 2011.
The others were the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Second Amendment Bill, which became the Ninth Amendment, the Loss or Retention of Membership of National and Provincial Legislatures Bill, which purported to allow floor-crossing in the national and provincial legislatures, and the Local Government: Municipal Structures Amendment Bill, which dealt with consequential effects of municipal floor-crossing.
After repulsing the attackers twice with the bayonet the light horsemen were forced to withdraw losing access to a good spring but the loss of Table Top did not compromise the integrity the Umm esh Shert line.
He also made his UEFA Champions League debut, where he played 16 minutes after coming on as a second–half substitute, in a 2–1 loss against Beşiktaş on 6 December 2017.
Parliament had previously attempted to allow floor-crossing by passing the Loss or Retention of Membership of National and Provincial Legislatures Act, 2002, an ordinary act rather than a constitutional amendment.
There may be uses for the information the FFR can provide regarding steady state, time-variant, and speech signals for better understanding of individuals with hearing loss and its effects.
He is responsible for Christian's loss of powers and is particularly eager to consume Powers, who fuel his ability exponentially.
In his debut, he worked the final inning of a 14–1 loss at the hands of the St. Louis Cardinals — but retired the Redbirds in order.
Brindley played his first senior game in the opening round of the 1987 VFL season, in a 91-point loss to the Sydney Swans at Victoria Park.
The Moro reflex is rarely present in infants after 6 months of age and is characterized as a response to a sudden loss of support that causes the infant to feel like it is falling.
The energy loss spectrum is much broader so that much of the energy gets absorbed by the surrounding, damaging unwanted regions.
But the roller coaster season hit a low point with a demoralizing 6–0 loss at the hands of New York Red Bulls.
Abuse on these platforms, such as ASKfm, Yik Yak and Sarahah, can be particularly keenly felt by young people, leading to issues of loss of confidence.
In only nine games for the Panthers, led the team in sacks (6.5) and tackles for a loss (9.0)
On December 6, 2017, in a 101–87 loss to the Warriors, Zeller suffered a torn medial meniscus in his left knee with 49 seconds left in the third quarter.
At first glance, the accompaniment appears ordinary, but the themes of love, longing, sorrow and loss are echoed by the depiction of a parting at the shore, and another scene of a scholar looking out over an embankment, as boats are moored and unloaded.
Schoofs suffered a shock loss at the 25k tournament in Ystad where she was the top-seed.
Lulubell: A former Hair Loss Fairy (easier work than a Tooth Fairy, but less pleasant and totally thankless), Lulubell was finally motivated to do more with her life when she hooked up with a musical mage named Spellvis.
In the Apple Cup rivalry game against Washington State, Ta'amu had four tackles, with 2.5 for loss that included two sacks.
The Seawolves opened their season against their Long Island rivals, Hofstra, at Hempstead which ended in 17–10 loss to the Prade.
Rice suffered a groin strain soon afterwards and missed Torquay reserves' 3–2 loss to Bournemouth reserves on 17 January 2012.
Results from a Phase II clinical trial for obesity were promising with clinically meaningful weight loss and improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors in the treated group.
He was credited with the loss and never appeared in a major league game again.
On 8 February, Can made his debut for Dortmund, also scoring a goal in a 4–3 away loss to Bayer Leverkusen.
Despite the apparent loss of surprise, the Blücher proceeded further into the fjord to continue with the timetable to reach Oslo by dawn.
This species distribution has been reduced to patchy, geographically isolated fragments mainly due to the loss of its habitat to agriculture.
The heavy loss of men sustained by the 19th Arkansas and Johnson's 15th Arkansas, which was surrendered at Port Hudson made it necessary to consolidate these two regiments.
In five patrols U-741 accounted for the total loss of one warship, for a total of 1,625 tons.
In the Divisional Round against the Atlanta Falcons, Baldwin had one reception for six yards in the 30–28 loss at the Georgia Dome.
He made his first team league debut for Videoton on 22 May 2011, coming off the bench in a 1–0 loss to Újpest FC.
In Week 3 against the Cleveland Browns, he had three receptions for 38 receiving yards and two touchdowns in the 34–20 loss.
His goal came in Northern Mariana's opening game, a 6–1 loss to Macau on 11 March 2009.
Christopher Kochanek at Ohio State University has compared the event to the confirmed supernova SN 2005gl and suggested that the low velocity of expansion can be explained by a pre-supernova mass loss event similar to that which was observed to occur in SN 2005gl.
Despite Psicosis announcing before the event that he would be betting his hair in case of a loss in the Parejas Suicidas match, it was announced that the match would be for Líder's hair and Psicosis' mask.
Houghton's goldenrod is threatened by the loss, degradation, and fragmentation of its habitat during development and construction.
It is threatened by the loss and degradation of its habitat, and is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
That everybody suffers, deals with their own personal loss in many different ways."
The Croatians tried to reduce the Frontier's autonomy; the incorporation of the Frontier into Croatia would mean the loss of status and prerogative of the Grenzers (Frontiersmen).
Other potential threats to this species include loss of forested habitats around streams, stream reclamation, and the introduction of non-native and predatory fish species.
A major concern is loss of public confidence if a breach occurs.
Comparing notes on their adventures, they are at a loss on how they managed to confuse the parties of the Basses and Princess Mary, though the rest seems plain enough: Main will die for assassinating "Prince Boris" and Kargovitch for kidnapping the princess.
Langille lamented the loss of the small, wooden lighthouse.
The ADGB suffered a dramatic loss of membership, both from unemployment and political squabbles.
The 31 American deaths represent the greatest loss of U.S. military lives in a single incident in the, by then, decade-long war in Afghanistan that began in 2001.
He then played in the defensive midfield position against Middlesbrough on 14 July 2020 and scored his first goal of the season, in a 2–1 loss.
In addition, the entrance to the vaporizing chamber is controlled by a bimetallic strip, which admits more gas to the chamber as it cools, to compensate for the loss of efficiency of evaporation.
On 24 May 2015, Steer made his Premier League debut for Villa in a 0–1 loss against Burnley.
After the duo leave, Arizona wakes up, severely dazed, and at a loss for what to do next.
She has suffered a deep wound on her back and collapses, hallucinating slightly due to the cold and blood loss.
He also had 47 tackles, 1.5 tackles for loss, and eight pass breakups.
Reading paid a new record £2.5m for England U20s international Greg Halford, but the loss did not affect United too much as they continued to take playing against the likes of Leeds, Sunderland and Birmingham in their stride.
After his return, Mellor made his first appearance of the season on 19 January 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Coventry City.
The other 10 cases of loss of PMS2 expression were likely due to epigenetic overexpression of the microRNA, miR-155, which down-regulates MLH1.
As Spain was impacted by the loss of its South American colonies, and the increasing economic importance of coal, Almadén became less appropriate for the site of a national mining school.
January 4, 2012: Lindenwood returned from winter break on January 4, 2012 and set a season high for most goals allowed in a 0–14 loss to sixth-ranked North Dakota.
The Tigers completed their third season as an independent with a record of 3–1, with wins over Bingham Military School, South Carolina, and Georgia Tech, and a loss to Georgia.
He made his debut for Worksop Town in a 0–2 loss against Nantwich Town, and went on to make nine appearances for the rest of the season for the club.
In 1990, Dolack donated a watercolor ("Restoring the Wolf to Yellowstone") depicting wolves looking over a plain of geysers and hot mud springs to the conservation group Defenders of Wildlife, with sales of the poster going to a fund to compensate local ranchers for the loss of livestock incurred due to the reintroduction of grey wolves into Yellowstone National Park.
McHattie joined Inverness Caledonian Thistle in January 2019 and made his debut at the end of a 2–1 home loss to Queen of the South.
However, Edgar recovered and went on to win the fight in round four by KO (punches) to retain the UFC Lightweight Championship, giving Maynard his first professional loss.
Following Melbourne's loss to West Coast in the preliminary final the following week, McDonald had amassed a total of 53 goals for the season, the most since any Melbourne player since Brad Green's 55 goal haul in 2010.
In Week 2, he collected a season-high 12 combined tackles (11 solo) during a 30–24 loss at the Houston Texans.
The squad only included under-25 players and was a loss by 6–4.
The defense was led by Vinny Curry, the 2011 C-USA Defensive Player of the Year, who six forced fumbles, 1 tackles for loss and 11 sacks.
With the loss, WMU fell 0–5 all time in bowl games.
This was Cal's second bowl loss in a row, going back to the 2009 Poinsettia Bowl, and Texas' second straight Holiday Bowl victory, following a win in 2007 over Arizona State.
20 June 1964: Civil Air Transport Flight 106 (a C-46D, B-908) crashed on climbout from Taichung Airport due to loss of control following engine problems, killing all 57 on board.
The majority of the monetary loss was a result of low volume of patients and lack of elective surgeries.
He made his first appearance in the 2015–16 Oman Professional League on 31 January 2016 in a 1–0 loss against Al-Oruba SC and scored his first goal on 4 February 2016 in a 1–0 win over relegation threatened Al-Khaboura SC.
Later Meer tells Ash that he wishes to accompany Ash to Seto to make an offer to the remaining Rōshun and in return he will help Ash with his loss.
Eat Smart, Move More, Weigh Less is a 15-week adult weight management program that uses strategies based on evidence for weight loss and/or weight maintenance.
: In episode eleven Hans-Olaf won a positive twist (two extra votes), as did Lillan (the right to take away someone's vote), while Morten received a negative twist (the loss of his right to vote).
In Game 1 of the Bucks' first-round playoff series against the Boston Celtics, Middleton had 31 points, eight rebounds and six assists in a 113–107 overtime loss.
As he had a lower percentage of weight loss, he was sent home, and Michelle's vote was not revealed.
In his MLB debut, he retired the Boston Red Sox' Billy Consolo, Jimmy Piersall and Ted Williams in order in the eighth inning of a 5–2 loss at Fenway Park.
He scored his second goal the following week in a 3–1 loss to Lazio before scoring his third and final goal for the club on 22 January 2017, netting Genoa's second in a 2–2 draw with Crotone.
In February 1643 he was present at the loss of Preston and later served at Chester.
The loss of supplies proved fatal to the Axis armies in North Africa.
However, on a 4th-and-1 play at the 5-yard line, UGA's Ken Malcome was stopped for a 1-yard loss, turning the ball over to MSU.
He experienced considerable team success during his short VFL career, not playing in a loss until his 14th appearance.
Love, Loss and What I Wore was directed by Joseph Fowler and presented in Dubai at The Madinat Theatre 16th - 18th October 2014 starring Christine Kempel, Hayle Doyle, Sara Farah and Sherita Harkness.
We mourn the loss of other brave and true officers who fell during the engagement."
Bullard was recalled by Detroit after his fifth season in the team's farm system and made his debut as a pinch runner on September 17, 1954, running for Walt Dropo in the ninth inning of a 6–3 loss to the Cleveland Indians.
Clinical symptoms of TSEs include loss of movement and coordination and dementia in humans.
He made his debut for the club, starting a match and played 81 minutes before being substituted, in a 3–0 loss against Lierse on 12 October 2008.
He made his NHL debut that night in his hometown, a 5–2 loss to the Vancouver Canucks.
As a result of the loss of the majority of the school's faculty, many of its full time students withdrew from the Caskey Divinity school.
For example, forum management software is not explicitly concerned with the mortality of its users; however, online forums are a common place for the bereaved to communicate regarding loss in the form of formal and (more commonly) informal online memorials.
Fabinho played in the semi-final 2-1 loss to Caxias.
Heat loss from nuclear power plants is released in oceans.
According to Diakonov, Müller saw the cause of transition from Old English to Middle English and the loss of external grammatical flexion in the plague epidemic of the 14th century.
Due to large migration of population to Western Europe and USA, especially young talented athletes club suffered the loss of dozens of players.- Accordingly, Soccer Club Krajina performed poorly in this season, finishing second bottom with just three wins in 42 fixtures with 149 goals conceded.
The following month, on 27 October 2011 in the Taça da Liga campaign, he scored his first goal for Gil Vicente, scoring from a penalty, in a 2–1 loss against Belenenses.
A federally listed endangered species, it is threatened by the loss and degradation of its habitat.
Whilst Finland improved to a 7–1 win loss record with their only defeat coming from the Russians.
Since being assigned to the Griffins on 17 February, Mrázek has not suffered a regulation loss, posting a 6–0–1 record, with a 1.13 goals against average, a 0.962 save percentage and three shutouts.
Thalassitis scored his first goal for the Clarets in a loss against Gosport Borough on 5 December 2015.
Following the burn, additional power issues and oversaturated reaction wheels caused a loss of contact and vehicle control.
He returned off the bench in Round 19 in a loss to the Penrith Panthers.
Extreme temperatures (below 10 °C and above 30 °C) result in a loss of the fifth instar and a direct molt from fourth instar to adult, but full development is extended dramatically to 74 days.
In his May 31 debut, he took the loss after allowing five earned runs and five hits over three innings in a rain-shortened game against the Chicago Cubs.
The 1986 season was the third season in Clarion's history in which the Golden Eagles finished without a loss.
This terrible loss was not in isolation, in late 1860 a measles epidemic began on Aneityum and it killed over one thousand of the indigenous islanders – almost a third of the population.
On 21 September 2014, Atsu made his first start in the league against Crystal Palace, which ended in a 2–3 home loss.
On February 2, 2015, Irvin started his second consecutive Super Bowl and recorded two solo tackles and a sack on Tom Brady during the Seahawks' 28-24 loss to the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLIX.
Sunny's 6.03% weight loss in week 7 was counted as -3.96% due to her weight gain the previous week.
Her final loss percentage was 43.94%, more than one of the finalists.
On the first day 465 runs were scored for the loss of 20 wickets, off 108 overs.
He made his competitive debut for the club on 31 July, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–2 away league loss to Napredak Kruševac.
Their feud with the Dudley Boyz continued with a loss in a Tables match on the January 24, 2002 episode of SmackDown!.
South Africa were beaten 6–10, it was Johnstone's first loss at international level.
If the expected loss amount is less than the provisions, the supervisor must consider if this is a true picture of reality, and, if so, then include the difference in Tier II capital.
Bule played six times for Koloale in the 2010–11 season, making his season debut in the 2–1 loss to Lautoka F.C.
The Boilermakers lost the game 24–22, as TerBush suffered his first loss as a collegiate starting quarterback.
With the resulting loss of over US$200,000 ($ current value), the firm of Tully & Ochoa collapsed.
Investigators concluded that, while flying the downwind leg around the airfield at 650 ft above the sea, a sudden loss of control caused the aircraft to roll almost inverted, lose altitude and strike the surface of the water.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Denver Broncos' season-opening 23-20 loss against the Oakland Raiders.
Declining congregations, structural problems, commercial redevelopment, vandalism and many other reasons have contributed to the loss of about 70 buildings across the county.
Larry is reconciled to the loss of his sight, for he sees through "the eyes of his soul."
He was a right-arm round arm bowler and took no wickets in 164 balls for the loss of 69 runs.
Of particular concern was that despite many amendments, over the years, to India's Land Acquisition Act of 1894, there was an absence of a cohesive national law that addressed fair compensation when private land is acquired for public use, and fair rehabilitation of land owners and those directly affected from loss of livelihoods.
Currently, DES is known to increase the risk of  breast cancer, and cause a variety of birth-related adverse outcomes exposed female offsprings such as spontaneous abortion, second-trimester pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, stillbirth, neonatal death, sub/infertility and cancer of reproductive tissues .
On the November 2 episode of NXT Redemption, Bateman and Maxine became known as "Beta-Max", and they competed in a six-person mixed tag team match along with JTG in a loss to AJ, O'Neil and Percy Watson.
For example, a study suggested that between 1990 and 2008, white American women without high school diploma lost five years from their life expectancy,  while for white American men who dropped out of high school, the loss was three years.
On January 10, 2016, Rhodes started in his first career playoff game and recorded four solo tackles and two pass deflections during a 10–9 loss to the Seattle Seahawks in the NFC Wildcard Game.
The music scene suffered a great loss as a corrosive disease led him to death on 25 October 1845, a year after both his parents died.
He died of blood loss the following day, on 8 February 1870, aged 55 years.
International Marine Contractors Association (IMCA) guidance requires at least three independent referencing systems of at least two different types for DPV diving operations, to minimise the risk of loss of position.
In 1808 Fleur de la Mer was renamed HMS Pike after the loss of  the previous year.
He criticizes the proposals but is at a loss when asked for an alternative.
On 18 May, Empire Eve was torpedoed and sunk by  north east of Mostaganem, Algeria () (7 days later, U414 was herself sunk with the loss of all 41 crew).
Scott argues that efforts at legibility require simplification, which can often lead to loss of useful local knowledge.
 , a Tanzanian ferry which sank in 1996, also with great loss of life
Further south, the Republic of Venice had launched its own attack on the Ottoman Empire, seeking revenge for successive conquests of its overseas empire by the Turks, most recently (1669) the loss of Crete.
He made his debut for the Charge later that night against the Grand Rapids Drive, recording 11 points, 3 rebounds, 5 assists and 2 steals in a 113–111 loss.
Bulldogs freshman forward Stephanie Mock scored her first career NCAA goal (it was the Bulldogs' only goal), assisted by team captain Aleca Hughes in a 7-1 loss.
Although she recovered well, she was deemed unreleasable due to numerous medical issues, including hearing and vision loss, worn teeth, and arthritis.
During the Week 12 overtime loss in the 2013 season, Osweiler was put into the line in an attempt to block the New England Patriots game-winning field-goal, as he was the tallest member of the team at 6'7" (2.01 m) at the time.
Manchester United recovered from their opening week loss with a 3–2 win over Fulham in their opening home game at Old Trafford, but lost striker Wayne Rooney to injury during the match.
It is threatened by the loss of its habitat.
On 8 September 2017, he made his debut in a 5–0 loss away to Derby County.
Šakota resigned in the beginning of March after a 88-82 loss to Olimpija Ljubljana and a 12-11 score in the Adriatic League, losing every chance to qualify for the following season's ULEB Cup, resulting critics and anger from red and white fans, he was replaced by his assistant coach Stevan Karadžić.
In the next game, the second divisional matchup against the Tennessee Titans, he finished with 56 rushing yards and 38 receiving yards in the 24–13 loss.
In what has been called the "last true cavalry charge," the Americans assaulted the town and routed the defenders, inflicting over seventy-five casualties on the Mexicans with the loss of only five men wounded.
 Loss of caregiver attachment: Divorce/separation, foster care, parental incarceration
However, since the derivative of the hinge loss at  is undefined, smoothed versions may be preferred for optimization, such as Rennie and Srebro's
According to Flight, "there would probably have been one less tragedy on record" had similar precautions been taken in the testing of the US Army's Roma (which struck power lines and burned, with the loss of 34 lives, after experiencing a rudder failure on a test flight in 1922).
The common kingfisher has become quite rare in Germany, especially due to loss of habitat.
Among other features, this group is characterized by loss of pitch accent, non-lengthened short syllables, and a new acute on short syllables.
Songs of Love and Loss is the 11th compilation album by English folk/rock singer-songwriter Roy Harper
H.Zaghloul (1st of three authors), "Frequency Response and Path Loss Measurements of the Indoor Channel," Electronic Letters, 27 (12), 1021-2, 1991.
| 2012-08-25 || Loss ||align=left| Mizuki Inoue || Shoot Boxing Girls S-Cup 2012 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 6 (Ex.1) || 3:00 || 12-4
They won the match 1–0, marking their ninth straight away match in the competition without a loss.
Doege threw for a career-high 461 yards in a 41–34 loss to Kansas State on October 15, 2011.
She let in four goals while stopping six shots in a 6-4 loss to Sweden.
As well as the loss to the Conservatives, Labour lost a further 2 seats and so fell to 18 councillors.
| 2008-11-02 || Loss ||align=left| Duennapa Kiatkriengsak || Suek Assawindam || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 4 || 2:00 ||
He played his first official game as a Bull two days later and scored the only regulation goal for the team in a 2-1 shootout loss at home.
Emilio's injuries and loss of memory put him on the upper floor, Antonia has a broken arm, and Miguel returns alone in his room and opens his bag of pills.
The loss of Breda supposed a considerable blow to Philip's IV prestige, as Breda was a symbol of the Spanish power in Europe.
 19 April: The Storm suffer their first Monday Night Football home loss (to the Manly Sea Eagles).
As the state owns the land, compensation is not made for the loss of the rights holder's land use rights, but for the private property which he had lost.
All States and peoples worldwide should work together in solidarity to ensure that loss of vegetation, deforestation, the pollution of the atmosphere and contamination are prevented from continuing to alter the hydrological cycle.
The 1980 election was triggered by James Callaghan's loss at the 1979 general election, and Foot's own disastrous defeat in the 1983 general election.
Initial assistance included cash grants, then extended to insurance coverage, educational tuition assistance, and case management services to help families cope not only with the loss of their loved ones but with securing settlements from the Federal Victims Compensation Fund.
During the game, McCarron threw for 225 yards and an interception along with 39 rushing yards and a touchdown during the 35–14 loss.
In a 2005 interview with The Jakarta Post, Utami said that her critique of the New Order is still relevant; at the time of the interview, she saw the Suharto government as having left Indonesia with a legacy of what she calls "nuclear waste", including a loss of Indonesia's agricultural ability.
This criticism reached a peak after the rematch loss to Alabama in the National Championship game, where Lee did not enter the game despite a poor performance by Jefferson.
Manly opened their season with an 18–6 loss to the Melbourne Storm, their grand final opponents from 2007 and 2008.
After the establishment of the state of Israel (1948), with the fast growing population, settling the country, and the rapidly growing economy, he became troubled about carelessness lack of attention to the value of nature, the danger of loss of wild fauna and flora, and the destruction of local natural resources.
Really, though, this may be less helpful of a description than saying that in terms of general geography the most apparent geographic difference between the first part and the second part of the Jin dynasty was the loss to the empire of the northern parts above the Huai River.
This alteration caused loss of the indoors not-security-cleared through route between Terminal 1 and the domestic terminal.
They picked up their first home loss of the season the next night, as Martín Prado hit a tie breaking RBI triple off of Javy Guerra in the ninth to set up the Braves 4–3 win.
The Dodgers received a supplemental first-round pick as compensation for the loss of free agent Rod Barajas.
A week later, he scored his first goal for the club in a 3-1 loss to ASO Chlef.
In terms of the difference rule, a plaintiff's financial loss is determined by comparing the patrimonial position occupied after the breach with the hypothetical patrimonial position that would have been occupied had the contract been properly performed.
From September 13 to 24 the A's would lose six out of eight games, with the final loss being a 5-4 defeat at the hands of the Rangers that put the A's five games behind the division leaders (with only nine left to play), though the A's were not mathematically eliminated.
James Bieri described the poem: "The Alastor theme of loss is continued in 'Mutability,' with its lovely initial lines, 'We are as clouds that veil the midnight moon; / How restlessly they speed, and gleam, and quiver.'"
After good results with the team, he was appointed as head coach of the Iran national football team in 1967 and led the team in the 1968 AFC Asian Cup in which Iran won the title without any loss or draw.
On 1 November 2020, Flores contributed his first assists for the team, providing two in a 3–4 loss against the New England Revolution.
The major cause of its population decline was habitat loss from forest clearance, but hunting and nest predation by introduced species like rats, were also contributory factors.
She ceased to be a minister following Labor's election loss in 1993 and she retired from the Council in 1997.
Martlets goaltender Charline Labonte took the loss for the Martlets, giving her a 69-2 overall record in her CIS career.
Later in December, MUNACA members voted to accept a contract offering 2% scale increases and 2.2-2.5% progressions, along with compensation for the loss of summer Fridays and an increase in salary minima.
On the next play Wilson rushed for a loss of 22 yards.
Red background indicates regulation or overtime loss.
Castellani made his official debut for Villarreal B on 16 January 2011, starting in a 0–2 away loss against Recreativo de Huelva.
At the conclusion of the Cutthroats opening round playoff loss, Patterson was recalled to the Monsters and notched his first AHL win with a victory over the Syracuse Crunch on April 9, 2013.
Hull started his career as a wingman, but played a lot of his football for Richmond at centre half-back, which was from where he played in the 1940 VFL Grand Final loss.
In 1904 the match ended in a 10-10 draw (this meant that Weiss kept his world title), in 1906 or 1907 the match ended in a 19-21 loss for De Haas.
He scored his first goal on 21 October, in a 3–2 away loss against Levski Sofia after a long-distance effort.
With the loss, the Huskies fell to 3-18-7 overall.
For the year 1999, the company reported a net loss of about $16 million on revenues of about $31.5 million.
5 out of the 6 subsidiaries of the company were making a loss, and revenues seemed stalled at $52 million.
The first shootdown he claimed on 24 December matches up with the American loss report for the F-86A piloted by Donald George, and the second plane he claimed that day was initially believed to be another F-86, but based on corresponding records it was more likely to have been F-84E No.
On October 7, 2012, Wright caught a season-high 9 passes for 66 receiving yards in a loss at the Minnesota Vikings.
With the destruction of the Roman fortifications happened a loss of Byzantine military and administrative power in Roman provinces.
After an initial loss to Labor at the 1946 election, Menzies led the Liberals to victory in coalition with the Country Party at the 1949 election against the incumbent Labor government led by Ben Chifley.
Loss of life was minimized and basic services were rapidly restored due to the timely, aggressive and selfless effort of military personnel assigned to units of Submarine Squadron Fifteen.
Muarem earned his third cap for Macedonia in the 4-1 loss to Armenia on 7 October 2011.
The Mbole people vividly described their view of the effect of this work with the phrase wando wo limolo, meaning "tax-caused loss of weight".
Her first Olympic point came on February 15 in a 6-2 loss to Sweden.
Is there legal liability, or is the loss ‘too remote’?
On 16 December 2006, at age 15, he made his senior debut, coming on as a half time substitute in a Scottish League Cup match against Stranraer, replacing Craig Samson in a 1–0 loss.
Wood returned to England, where on 15 December 1798 he and his officers were acquitted at the court martial for the loss of their ship.
He also made appearances in two friendly matches, playing the final five minutes of the 3–0 loss to Brazil on 2 June in his first game back after injury, before helping his country to a 3–1 win over Mozambique in November.
Despite their loss, the team finished a respectable 3rd in the regular season, and qualified for the play-offs.
172 Egyptian aircraft were shot down in air-to-air combat, for a loss of between 5 and 21 for the Israelis (on all fronts).
Two Kisses for Maddy: A Memoir of Loss and Love details his courtship and marriage, as well as the moments surrounding his wife's death and the first year of his daughter's life without her mother.
The nationalised banks reported a combined loss of ₹1160 crores.
He made his official debut with the Andalusians on 7 September 2011, in a 0–2 home loss against Elche CF in the second round of the Copa del Rey.
He debuted for the team in 67–56 loss to Cedevita Zagreb in Round 1 of the ABA League; he scored 8 points on 3 from 14 shooting from the field.
 On loss of weight, blood spitting, and lung disease, 1878
Despite the loss, Starr was able to win back the title, which had become vacant, by defeating Chad Bowman in Northpoint on September 7, 2003.
Telushi begun the new domestic season on 17 August by playing full-90 minutes in the opening league match of season, a 1–0 loss to Skënderbeu.
In the final drive of regulation, Gardner–Webb worked their way to the VMI 38-yard line, Beatty was sacked for a loss of ten yards by Doug Moore.
He played his football on the wing or as a half forward flanker, which was from where he kicked two goals in the 1961 VFL Grand Final loss to Hawthorn.
He played one match as a substitute for his competitive debut for the fourth-place finishers, as a 55th-minute replacement for Gary Medel in a 1–0 group loss against Uruguay in the Maracanã Stadium.
On October 2, 2011, Parker made his professional regular season debut during a 31–19 loss to the New England Patriots in Week 4.
After the memory loss, he was raised by Lianxi.
He made his league debut on 4 September, starting in a 1–2 home loss against Benevento, and scored his first goal on 11 December, netting the first of a 3–1 home success over Ternana.
On September 22, 2013, Mathieu recorded ten combined tackles (nine solo), deflected a pass, and made his first career interception during a 31–7 loss at the New Orleans Saints.
She was the first person to widely popularize the concept of counting calories as a method of weight loss.
In name of the friendship that the two composers had established since the early 2000 and after the loss of who was seemingly becoming a mentor, Oscar Bianchi dedicated his composition Mezzogiorno to the memory of Fausto Romitelli.
The following week, the Texans were eliminated from the playoffs after a 41–28 road loss against the New England Patriots in the AFC Divisional Round.
In Week 4 against the Minnesota Vikings, Mercilus recorded his first two sacks of the season on Kirk Cousins during the 31–23 loss.
This slump was in part due to the club's poor away form, winning only four matches away from home all season - one of the matches lost was a 5–0 defeat at Leeds United, the loss only serving to intensify the rivalry between Clough and United manager Don Revie.
Such was the volume of complaints that Reid took the unprecedented step of not investigating individual complaints unless they involved an aspect of the Agency's work which was previously unknown or involved actual financial loss.
For the loss of the Norwegian coaster Ala on this day, see the entry for 17 May 1941
Process loss is observed in groups when there is a reduction in their performance effectiveness or efficiency.
After a dispute with the tenant of Muirton over grazing rights had led to the temporary loss of the extension to the Inch course, it opened its own, laid out by "Old" Tom Morris, then of Prestwick, on Moncreiffe Island.
In the Bengals' 18–16 playoff loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, Bernard was injured on a hit by linebacker Ryan Shazier.
This policy led to some notable successes, such as Operation Entebbe, but also to tragic loss of human life, as in the Maalot Massacre.
Deemed a constructive total loss, the ship was cannibalized for spare parts for Le Triomphant, Le Fantasque and Le Terrible.
To partially make up for the loss of WSM-FM's musical programming, a daily noontime program of one hour of classical music was announced for the AM station.
She eventually tries to destroy the family and kill Pooja to get revenge for her loss.
He lost all chances for an immediate promotion back to ōzeki with his sixth loss in the January 2020 tournament, and will have to start over from scratch to regain the rank.
This draw, gave Zimbabweans, their first draw in 12 years, and the first time they avoid a loss since 2013 in 10 Tests.
Making his debut in a 1–0 loss to FC Biel-Bienne on 29 September 2007, De Napoli made eighteen appearances for Zug 94 in 2007–08, scoring nine goals for an impressive strike rate of a goal every other game.
They only had one previous home non-conference loss at the Peterson Events Center.
She dies from her injuries before help can arrive, leaving Harry to mourn the loss of his love.
The procedure has not been adopted widely because it is technically challenging and blood loss can be significant.
Movilă was born in Brăila and made his debut in the Romanian football Liga I on 21 June 1981 for SC Bacău, in a 5–2 loss to FC Argeş.
Points in the league phase were awarded as follows: 3 points for a win, 1 point each for a draw and no points for a loss.
Ward-Prowse made his Premier League debut for Southampton on the opening day of the 2012–13 season, playing the first 65 minutes of a 3–2 loss against reigning champions Manchester City.
Pruning infected branches is often sufficient; where the loss of infected branches cannot be accepted, the aerial shoots can be just knocked off.
Hélan was featured in the Championship play-off final, coming on as a substitute for Ross Wallace in the 63rd minute, in a 1–0 loss against Hull City.
His 1938 performances included a punt return for a touchdown against Ohio State, a touchdown in a USC win over third-ranked California, and another punt return touchdown in a loss to Washington.
Spain's revenue loss was similar to Britain's since she lost a lot of income from her American colonies due to the war.
The new signal method allows the total signal strength received by a location to be used as a measure of the fitness of a location and is flexible to varying input (as the loss factor does not have to be changed for input patterns of different lengths).
Williams have now improved her record against Azarenka to 11–1 and advancing into semifinals as the Red Group's top player with a 3–0 match win record and without the loss of a set.
However, she refused to use bribes to improve her chances of being selected to share the bed of the emperor, and as the emperor did not wish to have sexual intercourse with women over the age of fifteen, her chance to experience a sexual encounter with the emperor was therefore past, which reportedly caused her great sorrow and emotional loss.
But the Padres broke through for one run off Dunegan to take a 5–4 lead, eventually pinning Dunegan with the loss.
A high frequency of fire (less than ten years) will result in the loss of obligate seeding shrub species such as Manzanita spp.
MSU would drive down to the Michigan five yard line but a loss on a Langford run and a sack on Cook resulted in a 36-yard field goal attempt by Michael Geiger, which he missed.
Gary blames Juni for the loss, resulting in his being fired.
He later revealed that he was forced to join the club by Uday Hussein, who punished the team after every loss.
Provide improved thermal insulation to the hive and reduce water loss
She subsequently foundered in a storm with the loss of all hands.
Makoto continued working against Command Bolshoi during WNC's events in May, suffering a direct pinfall loss against the JWP president in a six-person tag team match on May 24.
In turn PASOK and New Democracy also ratcheted up rhetoric against illegal immigration, while New Democracy feared further loss of votes to opponents of the austerity measures.
He scored 3 goals and 3 assists in 6 games, including a game tying goal in a closely fought 4-6 loss to USSR.
"Florida has lost 22% of forests since 1953 (a loss of 1.6 million ha)."
The unavoidable loss of their experienced captain Pedro Vallana after their first game, though, would cost them dearly.
The current United States income tax system imposes higher costs of tax compliance than any other country, with direct costs exceeding $460 billion, and indirect deadweight loss costs of over $1.2 trillion.
 ecosystem loss and degradation
Although its fighter escort failed to arrive due to adverse weather, the squadron continued its attack, despite the loss of both pathfinder planes leading the attack.
Marshall's only loss was to I-A Missouri, and had won each of their four games against I-AA competition in convincing fashion, with the smallest margin of victory being 18 against VMI.
In areas hit particularly hard by the loss of industry, unemployment was much higher, coming close to 20% in Northern Ireland and exceeding 15% in many parts of Wales, Scotland and northern England.
From 2007, the Rollers won 5 consecutive AOZ Championships, compiling a 45 wins and no loss record.
He made his debut for Bury in a 1–0 loss to Sunderland in the first round of the League Cup on 10 August 2017.
In Week 7, Lee made a season-high seven receptions for 107-yards during a 33–16 loss against the Oakland Raiders.
They are mainly threatened by habitat loss.
The loss by Native Dancer would be the only one of his twenty-two race career that would see the horse be inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
At the time of the NCAA sanctions, one columnist had characterized them (scholarship restrictions, a bowl ban, loss of revenue) as a fate "worse than death" for the Penn State football program – noncompetitiveness on the field.
During the season, he also played three Foxtel Cup games for Claremont, including the grand final loss to Williamstown.
After a victory over Mio Shirai, a loss against Kana and draws against Shuu Shibutani and Ayumi Kurihara, Syuri finished at four points and failed to advance to the semifinals of the tournament.
After a fourth-place finish in the Central Division for the 1998–99 season and a first round playoffs loss to the Des Moines Buccaneers, the Vulcans placed fifth in the West Division in the 1999–2000 season.
This qualified the side for the promotion round to the Bayernliga, but a 2–1 loss to FC Enikon Augsburg in the semi-finals stalled its ambitions.
The defender played his first game for the youth team in a 5–0 loss to Switzerland on 6 June 1989 in a 1990 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifier; Guerra featured in all four of San Marino's games in the tournament.
Damage included coastal erosion caused by storm surge, roof and other structural damage to homes and businesses, and loss of heat and electricity.
Systematic trading, in fact, lends itself to control risk precisely because it allows money managers to define profit targets, loss points, trade size, and system shutdown points objectively and in advance of entering each trade.
Monophthongization (including the initial stage in the fortition of the second element in the αυ/ευ diphthongs) and the loss of vowel-timing distinctions are carried through, but there is still a distinction between the four front vowels , , , and  (which is still rounded).
Dry suit buoyancy loss can, and normally should, be corrected by inflation.
In the case of a linear response to a sinusoidal deformation, the loss modulus is the product of the viscosity by the frequency.
They carried out some flight tests in a DC-3 with its centre of gravity 4.7% of MAC behind the rear limit and found there was a loss of longitudinal static stability that made it difficult to trim the aircraft for a constant airspeed but the low-speed flight handling qualities had not deteriorated seriously.
The Blue Team lost a total of 130 pounds and a weight loss percentage of 6.70%.
The twist is that they have to find out their weight loss via a mock scale in the gym, and contestants only have one chance to weigh in for the immunity.
American Elk populations will likely decrease due to the loss of protection as will American Marten populations due to the Marten's reliance on thick, heavily forested areas to hunt.
He only returned to the fields on 7 June of the following year, replacing Francisco Portillo in a 0–3 home loss to Sporting de Gijón.
He continued, "This week, I was at a bit of a loss, because despite a return to an older, more successful formula, with a clearly plotted path, Family Guy didn't muster up enough material to fill out the A-plot of a half hour."
Points in rugby sevens pools are awarded on a different basis to most rugby tournaments: 3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
Circle reported that "the underlying performance of the group improved considerably during 2018", making an EBITDAR profit of £12.3M, up from £6.7M the year before, although the company had an overall loss of £11M as a result of "exceptional costs ... relating to the impairment of intangible assets and goodwill".
Ayumi is still grieving the loss of Koudai after only six months of marriage and is increasingly busy with work.
As a result, Cartman is left with feelings of loss, since he no longer has someone to ridicule for their poverty.
He attracted national attention for his troublesome attitude during the 1998 Final Four, where he fouled out after only fourteen minutes of play in North Carolina's national semifinal loss to the University of Utah.
In Game 4 of the Trail Blazers' first-round playoff series against the New Orleans Pelicans, McCollum scored 38 points in a 131–123 loss.
And because she was granted more screen time than she ever was when she was alive, we were finally able to care about the loss of her short, young life."
The Dutch Research Institute CE Delft estimates that the worldwide "external costs", or hidden costs, of coal in 2007 were €360 billion, excluding the costs of accidents, mining damages, and any loss of cultural heritage or human rights violations that occur as a result of coal production.
The win combined with the Braves loss seemed to once again shift momentum.
He made his full debut on May 22, 2011 in a 1–0 loss to Wacker Innsbruck.
Research at NFB is aimed at using polymeric gene therapy systems to halt the progression of neuron loss through neuroprotective routes.
On 10 August 2014, Wallace made his debut for Vitesse against Ajax, playing the full 90 minutes; the game ended in a 4–1 loss for Vitesse.
Franklin began the 2019 season as the Argos' starting quarterback, but suffered a hamstring injury in the team's Week 3 loss to the Roughriders and was subsequently placed on the six-game injured reserve list.
Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the swimmers in this classification as having: "severe weakness in one leg only; Swimmers with very slight coordination problems; Swimmers with one limb loss.
People with lesions located between T9 and T12 have some loss of abdominal muscle control.
The Building Owners and Managers Association has established a standard with American National Standards Institute, ANSI/BOMA Z65.1-1996 for measuring floor area and calculating gross leasable area and loss factor.
On August 18, 2014, Marte had his second career multi-homer game in a 7–3 loss to the Atlanta Braves.
His death was a national commotion and was considered a invaluable loss in the entertainment business.
It wasn't until on 8 March 2014 when he made his return from injury, starting the whole game, in a 1–0 loss against Gateshead.
On April 11, leaving the Shining Stars moniker behind for a new look, The Colóns, as they were now billed, debuted on SmackDown Live during the Superstar Shake-up, when they attacked American Alpha following their loss to The Usos.
appropriate cutting values for a particular tools usage with a specified material) and must be managed and integrated within workflows to prevent production capacity loss or shortening tool life.
Duke starting center Jay Buckley had been described in the press as the weak link in the loss, earning the nickname "Link" from his teammates.
The following week, he made a season-high six combined tackles during a 38-20 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
Making his first appearance for the Hawks at home, Lisch recorded 15 points and seven assists in a 106–99 loss to the Wildcats.
He saw important service against privateers as a frigate captain before advancing to command a ship of the line despite the loss of one of his ships.
This tragic loss prompted him to found Agenus, a biotechnology company focused on immunotherapy.
Following Watford's defeat to Crystal Palace in the 2013 Football League Championship play-off Final, Bassini sent a series of gloating texts to local newspaper Watford Observer, reveling in his joy at their loss.
In 1944, during the Second World War, sailing as a neutral, she vanished without trace with the loss of eleven lives.
They were stopped a second time; but in spite of the obstinate resistance they encountered, and the great loss they sustained, they advanced onwards."
Meanwhile, the RLI men in the pocket near Jorge do Limpopo, though dangerously low on food, equipment and weapons, held out for two more days without loss, killing several more cadres who attempted to overrun their position.
The Detroit Lions finished second in the NFC North with a 9–7 record and earned a Wild Card berth On January 7, 2017, Bynes started in his first career playoff game and recorded seven combined tackles in their 26–6 loss at the Seattle Seahawks in the NFC Wild Card Round.
He kicked four goals in the preliminary final loss to the .
He appeared at the Oundle International Festival in 2011 where he conducted the premiere of Prophet and Loss by Julian Grant.
But that city's loss is Manassas' gain.
Lewis played for Souths in the 1935 NSWRFL season's premiership final loss to Eastern Suburbs.
Due to the temporary loss of his original form, Signalman was regressed to an inanimate form, which Doggie Kruger of SPD safeguarded.
On 14 January 2012, Trotta netted a brace in Wycombe's 3–2 loss to Preston North End at Deepdale.
For symmetric learning algorithms with bounded loss, if the algorithm has both Leave-one-out cross-validation (CVloo) Stability and Expected-leave-one-out error () Stability as defined above, then the algorithm generalizes.
Kenny Demens led the team with ten tackles and a tackle for a loss.
The doctors later uncover medical records explaining that Johnny once received a large dose of beta blockers as a child despite not having a heart condition, causing significant memory loss.
Retiring the Champ was also noted in several medical publication sources as providing a valuable contribution to issues surrounding the medical community such as death, dying, suffering, and loss, while calling on the listener to evaluate ethical and moral implications of specific medical practices, such as doctor/patient/family relations and the hierarchy of medical institutions.
In 2011, he started at end, as well as tackle, and led the team in quarterback sacks and tackles for a loss.
Cambridge lost in the semi-finals to Leicester City - following a 1–1 draw at home in the first leg, they were hammered 5–0 at Filbert Street for a 6–1 aggregate loss - but even this cruel end to their promotion hopes did little to detract from what Cambridge had achieved in such a short period of time.
He scored another goal against Celtic at St Mirren Park in a 2–1 loss in the sixth round of the Scottish Cup.
Probable cause(s):  Failure of the right main landing gear actuator due to overstress for undetermined reasons which resulted in loss of all landing gear system hydraulic fluid which in turn resulted in the pilot being unable to extend and lock the landing gear.
Two were down due to mechanical failures and had to be towed by other machines, two additional tanks were damaged, but with no loss of life.
Shimon Stein and Moshe Zimmermann commented that the new law calls into question the equality of Arabs living in Israel concerning the loss of Arabic's status as an official language, also claiming that "only" the country's Jewish settlements and Jewish immigration are considered fundamental values.
Thomas Port "left a father, a mother, several brothers and sisters, and a wife and two children to lament his loss."
The Des Moines Derby Dames skated their first competitive bout on April 3, 2010 in a loss to Iowa City's Old Capitol City Roller Girls.
Despite a positive response and an increasing number of readers, the magazine was generating a monthly loss of 10,000 Deutsche Marks.
On 22 July 2011, aged 20, he recorded his first Liga I appearance in a 0–1 loss to Universitatea Cluj.
On January 21, 2016, he scored a season-high 20 points as a starter in a loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
On January 20, 2016, he made his debut for the Heat in a 106–87 loss to the Washington Wizards, recording four points in five minutes.
More than a hundred people lost their apartments and the entire building was declared a loss.
Loss of core histones may be a general epigenetic mark of aging across many organisms.
Ahsan lets it be, taking care of Zainab's emotional stress of child loss.
 Poor nutrition: weight loss, dehydration
|This book factual approaches deafness through looking at the lives of a group of deaf children and one deaf adult; it discusses BSL different levels of hearing loss, technology and its limitations and touches on BSL, through deaf culture isn't really discussed properly.
Over the years, the koala population has experienced a loss of genetic diversity through population bottlenecks and founder effects.
Typically spoken in the voice of a woman, the kharjas express the anxieties of love, particularly of its loss, as in the following example:
Kobayashi made his first appearance for the Japan national football team in a friendly 1–2 loss to Bosnia and Herzegovina.
“Nos Olhos das Madrugadas” (Arbusto Editores, 2010), her last book, comprehends the loneliness of body and soul, made of loss and absence, and also of nostalgia, perhaps the most persistent feeling within her lyrical poetry, which is a filigree of emotions, whether of acceptance or nonconformity.
Second, there is a loss of electroreception in amniotes.
Vestibulocochlear dysfunction progressive familial, known also as familial progressive vestibulocochlear dysfunction is an autosomal dominant disease that results in sensorineural hearing loss and vestibular areflexia.
The agricultural sector sustained extensive damage, amounting to US$1.5 million, with some crops experiencing a total loss.
In one account, Monckton's mortal wounding and the loss of the colors came late in the day at the hands of Anthony Wayne's troops in front of Washington's main position.
Often individuals must attempt to balance the potential benefits of including the out group in the self with the potential loss of ingroup friends and the associated resources.
Ironically, Morgan was the force behind establishing a tie-breaking method adopted by the conference one year later in which only loss column counted; the first tiebreaker was head-to-head results, followed by overall record.
If a gun license is not authorized, and the police determine that the resident also holds a license in a different state, they may contact law enforcement in that state and inform them of the action, which could lead to the loss of the out-of-state license as well.
In just under 37 minutes of action as a starter, he recorded 8 points, 4 rebounds, 1 assist, and 1 steal in a 108–106 overtime loss.
Insanity — The loss of the objective faculties.
Library Journal, June 15, 1999, Gini Kaiser, review of Dark Wind, a Survivors Tale of Love and Loss, p. 96
Morocco received "indemnities" for the loss of the Jews.
On October 25, 2015, he made his first career start in a 10-7 loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
The next year, he missed 3 games with a hand injury, but still had 61 tackles, 3 tackles for loss, one sack and 3 fumble recoveries.
Due to the loss of the parts, the only source for this symphony was the Breitkopf & Härtel edition (from the Alte Mozart-Ausgabe).
Called up to the Cardinals near the end of the 1969 season, he made his debut September 30 as the starting pitcher in a 4–3 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies.
Buddy's 3.35% weight loss in week 14 was displayed as 3.72% due to his 1 lb advantage from the challenge.
At the weigh-in, the biggest loser is Kim, with a 7-pound weight loss, or 4.09%.
On March 4, he had his second 50-point game of the season in a 117–115 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
On November 8, 2019, Lillard recorded a then career-high 60 points, though it came in a loss to the visiting Brooklyn Nets, 115–119.
The murder of Ctirad was apparently a great blow to the male opponents of Vlasta's warriors, and for a while the loss of their greatest fighter helped the women to continue their fight, but only for a short while.
The Florida football team opened the season with a loss to the Mercer Baptists for the third consecutive season, 24–0.
In a follow–up match, he scored his first goal for the club, in a 2–1 loss against AC Ajaccio.
Using The Environment Agency to assist in ensuring that the targets are met and performance of the system is maintained is not a loss of power for the government, but them ensuring that their overall targets are met by a delegation of responsibility.
When the round-robin portion of the 2012 Catch the Wave ended, Fujimoto finished with two wins, one draw and one loss, tied at the top of the Black Dahlia block.
They used religious imagery and discussed the loss of Sikh sovereignty in the First and Second Anglo-Sikh Wars, which helped them enjoy popular support.
Generally, the first symptom of Alzheimer's onset is loss of memory, but visual or visuospatial dysfunction is the presenting symptom in some cases and is common later in the disease course.
August 24: RAAF Douglas Dakota A65-50 crashed near Canberra due to engine failure and resultant loss of altitude, killing one of four on board.
In the 2010 season, the CJS advanced to the 2010 WABA Cup as the Syrian league runner-up, and a 79:125 loss to Mahram BC prevented them from winning the competition.
The collapse of Danatbank triggered a loss of confidence in the German banking system, and loosed a wave of withdrawals from all other banks beginning the German Banking Crisis.
Another large loss came from Richmond at home, 56–16.
Despite Joni's eye passing directly over Kadavu during December 11, the damage on the island was limited to wave induced coastal erosion, root crop damage and the loss of a few trees.
This could result in loss of the domain name registration and failure of the transfer.
The national auditor pegged potential revenue loss at ₹176,000 crore (₹1,760 billion).
On the last day of the same tournament, he played his last international match, a 0-3 loss to hosts Costa Rica, being substituted at halftime.
With the loss, the Rams fell to 3–5 on the season.
This was the first season in his career that he neither attempted nor made a field goal in the post-season, but he made both covert attempts in the Stampeders' West Semi-Final loss to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
The choir will next perform at King's College Chapel, Taunton on 16 February 2019, with a collection of music on the subject of love and loss by Brahms, Elgar and Richard Strauss.
He had 301 yards, but had two interceptions, in a Week 2 29–7 loss to his former team, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and 101 yards and a late interception in an overtime win over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
One of the Spanish vessels was blown up, but the pirates were defeated with a loss of 100 dead.
Jolo was reentered at '5 in the afternoon, the troops having suffered a loss of 2 killed and 18 wounded, 13 of the latter being disciplinarios.
A reenforcement of 200 arrived at this moment; an advance was ordered and the Moros were driven back, the Spanish loss being 2 killed and 9 wounded, while that of the Moros was reported as about 250 killed and 300 arms left on the field.
Aside from the moisture content of the soil, environmental conditions of high light intensity, high temperature, low relative humidity and high wind speed will significantly increase plant water loss.
The election loss for the CHP resulted in many MPs such as Emine Ülker Tarhan, Muharrem İnce and Süheyl Batum losing confidence in the leadership of Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu.
Other indirect or slower heat injuries involve inactivation of enzymes in chloroplast and mitochondria, protein degradation, inhibition of protein synthesis,  and loss of membrane integrity.
Each team earned 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss.
White House spokesman Jay Carney said "We condemn this senseless violence and tragic loss of life on Christmas Day.
 The final scores for the loss against Fort Shaw Indian School and their first victory over Fort Missoula are both unknown.
This left England with a target of 33, which was chased down for the loss of just one wicket.
In addition to the loss of human life, 75,000 cattle drowned.
After the death of Rear Admiral William A. Moffett, who is credited with the creation of the airfield, in the loss of the USS Akron on 4 April 1933, the airfield at Naval Air Station Sunnyvale was named Moffett Field on 1 September 1933.
While the new location addressed the problem of insufficient space, it did not improve upon the poor conservation conditions which had resulted in the loss of a large number of documents.
Prior to the loss, the ten weeks spent as the No.
Federer's loss also ended his eight consecutive semifinal appearances at the US Open since 2004.
According to Turkish sources, Sirpsindiği and the Battle of Maritsa were two separate battles, and that the Serbian loss in Sırpsındığı was one of the main reasons for the Battle of Maritsa, where the Serbs avenged the earlier battle.
The Eagles were eliminated from playoff contention with a loss to the Cowboys in Week 13.
Also with the loss, the Eagles were eliminated from playoff contention.
The loss dropped Chicago down to 8–4, once again tying them with the Packers for the NFC North lead.
Vélez debuted on the November 5, 2014, episode of Lucha Underground, simply as Ivelisse, teaming with Son of Havoc in a loss to Sexy Star and Chavo Guerrero Jr. Ivelisse, Havoc and Angélico went on to form an alliance, and on February 8, 2015, the trio won a tournament to become the inaugural Lucha Underground Trios Champions.
Pittsburgh also finished their regular season at 3–5 in road games after dropping to 0–2 at Cowboys Stadium (the other loss there was to the Packers in Super Bowl XLV).
Hoping to rebound from their loss at New England, the Broncos traveled to Qualcomm Stadium for an AFC West duel with the San Diego Chargers on Monday Night Football.
With third-string quarterback Charlie Batch at the helm, the Steelers handed the Ravens their first home loss since December 5, 2010 and the Ravens fell to 9–3.
After a disappointing loss to the Eagles, the Giants returned home for an afternoon game against the Cleveland Browns.
TAROM Flight 371 and Manx2 Flight 7100, other cases where asymmetrical thrust contributed in a loss of control.
The Panthers played competitively throughout most games the entire season with an exception of a 36–7 loss to the defending Super Bowl Champion New York Giants where the Panthers fell to a 20–0 deficit early in the game and could not recover.
With the loss, the Raiders went into their bye week at 1–3.
The hits kept coming Thursday night as Tampa Bay had seven more tackles for loss, including three sacks.
by Valerie Walkerdine, assessing the loss of roots of academic working class women (1990), and Home Birth – Your Choice by Nicky Leap (1991).
However, the goal of the pirate was to rob the ship without fighting or blood loss.
One person died of a heart attack and another due to the loss of power at a local hospital.
With the loss of a customer representing such a large portion of the market, many of Aspen's mines cut back production or closed outright.
Hoping to rebound from their tough loss to the Giants, the Redskins traveled to Heinz Field to take on the Pittsburgh Steelers, and attempted to improve to 1–1 against the AFC.
Following the loss to the Titans Rex Ryan announced that Greg McElroy would start for the Jets against the Chargers.
 The loss dropped Dallas to 8–7 and mathematically eliminated them from gaining a wild card spot.
On the same day, the NL East champion Philadelphia Phillies, who had the league's best record for weeks, defeated the Atlanta Braves, and the Braves loss, combined with the St. Louis Cardinals victory over the NL Central rival Houston Astros, eliminated the Braves from the postseason in favor of the Cardinals.
With the huge loss, the 49ers fell to 4–2.
Also, the loss to the Vikings killed the Packers' chance of having a perfect record against division rivals for the second season in a row, as well as losing their 5-game winning streak vs. the Vikings.
This loss was brought up by the ejection of nose tackle Brodrick Bunkley.
As with other leagues, participation in the Champions League continued to make the crucial difference between profit and loss for the two "Old Firm" clubs.
With the loss, the Lions went into their bye week at 1–3.
With this loss New England fell to 1–2.
The Dolphins responded, driving all the way to the Patriots 7, but on 3rd-and-4, Mayo sacked Tannehill for an 8-yard loss, forcing them to settle for a 33-yard Carpenter field goal, trimming the deficit to 20–13.
What is known is that Hampton and John Payne were dead, without loss to the Tewksbury's side.
The team also suffered a tragic loss during the 1979 training camp when Cain died of a heart attack.
Although MGM records do not state whether the film was profitable, the cost of $892,000 makes it likely it incurred a loss.
Ziguette is sent away and Baratte is left with permanent injuries including severe migraines, difficulty reading and the loss of a sense of taste.
The next game, he deflected a pass, made five solo tackles, and assisted on five tackles, tying his season-high of ten combined tackles in a 24-21 loss to the Packers.
On November 8, 2015, Ryan recorded a season-high ten combined tackles during a 37–29 loss at the Carolina Panthers.
On 22 January 2017, he equalized the score in a 2–1 home loss against Westerlo.
Bhullar made his D-League debut on December 6 and recorded four points, eight rebounds and six blocks in Reno's 141–140 loss to the Los Angeles D-Fenders.
Considering the Vikings earlier loss of land to Charles, the substantial payment may also have been regarded as some form of compensation to the Viking leader and the invasion itself as an act of revenge.
He played in every single game for the Melbourne Storm this year, as well as the loss in the 2016 NRL Grand Final against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
She sank with significant loss of life as result of a fire in 1883.
Due to low audience ratings and the gradual loss of programming, as well as being withdrawn from many pay TV systems both in Mexico and in the rest of Latin America, the channel was withdrawn from the air on July 31, 2012.
After serving a match suspension, Diaby returned to the starting line-up and scored in a 3–1 loss against Stade Lavallois on 14 September 2012.
The single-day loss to the school board for state funds was $470,000—the equivalent of $3.6 million in 2015.
The appellant government of South Africa had instituted action in a Local Division against the respondent, Fibrespinners & Weavers, for damages for the loss of certain grainbags which had been stored by the respondent for reward in terms of a contract of deposit.
Now established as first-choice in defence at the club, after Barcelona's subpar 2017 Supercopa de España while reeling off the loss of Neymar, Umtiti began the season with great performances, under the guidance of new manager Ernesto Valverde.
The move was difficult, with several significant ambushes resulting in numerous casualties and the loss of several vehicles and guns.
On 5 October 2014, in Canterbury-Bankstown's 2014 NRL Grand Final against South Sydney, Lafai played at  in the club's 30-6 loss.
Dinamo counted on Ion Marin for the first games of the spring that started with a 3–0 loss to Oţelul Galaţi.
The loss was expected to be  to the Central Railway.
However, he was unable to replicate his performances against Michael Smith as he averaged 81.41 in a 6–3 loss.
The week following the England test, Barrett also kicked a drop goal against Ireland in an ill-fated loss, 9-16.
Residents were also warned of possible heavy, flooding rains and were urged to take precautions to minimize loss of life.
He debuted against Rangers in a 2–0 away loss at Talca and his first goal came on 11 February in a 1–1 away draw too with Huachipato, which was his first goal in his third game in the tournament, having an impressive season start.
Prior to the loss, the Martlets had won 116 of their last 117 regular season games.
The Sunderland forward Quinn claimed that despite the loss, his team were "the best footballing side in this division" but stated he was "delighted for Charlton because we've battled it out with them all season".
They however finished in last place with a 3 win, 9 loss record.
Bridgewater suffered a concussion in the Broncos Week 15 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals ruling him out for the rest of the season.
Two months later, on 21 October 2014, Baldwin was sent-off for a second bookable offence, in a 1–0 loss against Crewe Alexandra.
Liga season in a 1–0 away loss to VfL Osnabrück.
On November 18, 2012 Dooley was fired after 11 games following a 41–18 loss to in-state rival Vanderbilt.
Following the loss, the Bulldogs went on a 4-game winning streak, the longest in 3 seasons which included two road wins.
This represented a loss rate of about 22%.
He made his debut for them on 20 September, replacing Nacho Gil for the final 17 minutes of a 3–2 loss at UE Cornellà.
Ansar Burney strongly condemned the incident and expressed grief over the loss of lives.
The selloff of STVNI was also caused by Solar Entertainment's loss of revenue after investing in RPN.
Two days later, Nate is still trying to recover from the loss when Gina come over to work on the project.
In round 1 of the 2021 NRL season, he made his debut for Wests Tigers  in a 30-12 loss against Canberra.
The Cavaliers ended the season with a close loss to rival Virginia Tech and finished 4–8.
Four days later, he scored his first NHL goal, firing past Mike Smith in the first period of a 5-4 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes.
He scored his first goal of the season on 22 August 2015 in a 2–1 loss to CSKA Moscow.
The Hollywood Reporter reported Sony insiders also estimated a potential loss at about $20 million if the film does not gross high overseas, though estimates of top executives at several other rival studios are much higher.
In June–July 2012, Luani represented the American Samoa under-19 American football team at the 2012 IFAF U-19 World Championship, playing in his country's 27–6 loss to first seed United States on June 30 and being named American Samoa's MVP for the match.
Because of its failure at the foundation and first floor level, the building was considered a total loss and was ultimately demolished.
Bueno made his league debut for Toluca being substituted in for Richard Ortiz in the 73 minute against Club Leon in a 2–3 loss.
"Elastic" defence tactics had been rejected by the 4th Army Chief of Staff, Major-General Fritz von Loßberg, who believed that a tactical withdrawal by trench garrisons would disorganise the counter-attacking reserves, leading to the loss of the sector and danger to flanking units.
O'Halloran then played in the 24–3 loss against Toulouse but played in the province's first ever Heineken Cup win when Connacht beat Harlequins 9–8.
Due to the certification and design processes, it is extremely rare for aircraft to experience a loss of control without extreme mishandling or a technical defect.
using ozone) so that fat residues do not accumulate in the hood and ducts and block air inlets, leading to loss of efficiency and increasing fire risk.
With the loss, the Patriots fell to 1-2.
On January 4, 2017, Fortson recorded a triple-double after posting 22 points, 11 rebounds and a career-high 20 assists in a 117–130 loss to the Shandong Golden Stars.
She organized and chaired two National Institutes of Health meetings on chemical intolerance, and documented toxicant-induced loss of tolerance (TILT), a proposed disease mechanism she first described in 1996.
As to Farnall, it is doubtful whether he would have been re-engaged, but Jones's loss is regretted, as he was developing into a very smart forward."
Bender is also an inventor and founder of several early-stage ventures, including companies that develop devices designed to assist individuals living with the effects of hearing loss.
His single loss would come in 2010 from a controversial knockdown called late in the fight.
He allowed five runs in five innings, taking the loss.
The pair ended their relationship shortly after Sharapova's second round loss to Michelle Larcher de Brito at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships.
Viral Meningitis is less likely to cause hearing loss and it is recommended to perform a hearing test if the patient is experiencing any hearing difficulties.
Loss of Kinesin-5 function from the onset of mitosis in most eukaryotic organisms examined, including animals, plants, and fungi, results in catastrophic failure of mitosis.
The Environment Agency considers that managed retreat is likely to be the long-term solution, and is working with the Norfolk Wildlife Trust to create new reserves inland to compensate for the loss of scarce habitats at the coast.
The last appearance for each team in the ALCS resulted in a loss to the Texas Rangers; the Yankees in the 2010 ALCS and the Tigers in the 2011 ALCS.
On 28 October 2016, Hezonja scored 13 points in a 108–82 loss to the Detroit Pistons.
This is the first recorded loss of a delta-wing-design airframe.
The aircraft was a total loss, the two test pilots, Harold Peterson and George Callaghan, were killed.
Second prototype North American XA3J-1 Vigilante, BuNo 154158, c/n NA247-2, crashes at Columbus, Ohio, when hydraulic and electrical failures cause loss of control.
In the 2017 World Baseball Classic, Saupold started and pitched four scoreless innings in Australia's 4-3 loss to Cuba.
When the Goddesses of Stardom Tag League concluded on November 27, Taiyo and Yoshiko finished with two wins and one loss, making it to the finals of the tournament, where they were defeated by Yuzuki Aikawa and Yoko Bito, whom they had defeated earlier in the tournament.
Daryl saw that and because of his pain over the loss of Sophia he couldn't do that.
In the Wild Card Round loss to the Dallas Cowboys, he had five total tackles.
This assessment was made through an Environmental Profit and Loss Accounting process.
To compete in wheelchair tennis, athletes must have a major or total loss of function in one or both legs.
The satellite failed shortly after launch due to a loss of power from its solar panels, and re-entered in the atmosphere of Earth on 20 April 2020.
In a 2–0 loss to Schalke 04 on 15 April, Batshuayi injured his ankle ligaments and was ruled out for the remainder of the season.
The Liverpool board persisted with him, despite the club's loss to non-League side Worcester City in the third round of the FA Cup in January 1959.
His work suffered quality loss through the incessant repetition of models that became stereotypical.
This gives the lowest possible energy loss by radiation from PFC material that may end up in the plasma, because radiation increases strongly with increasing Z.
Goodwin made his international debut for Australia on 26 July 2013, coming on as a late substitute in a loss to Japan at the 2013 EAFF East Asian Cup.
A fire at the court in late April 2020 saw no loss of life, but the destruction of a modern ward.
With the defeat and Hamilton and the loss of their two most prominent commanders the Western Association ceased to exist as an effective fighting force.
In a follow–up, Kačaniklić scored his first goal of the season, in a 3–1 loss against Manchester United.
In a 3–0 loss against Thun on 19 October 2011, he received a red card for the second time this season after another second bookable offence.
Despite the huge loss, Mumbai went on to be victorious against Kerala Blasters on 16 December, as they defeated them on a remarkable 6-1 victory.
The loss of Potter and Houghton were tough for Cal, and Meyer ended up graduating early to pursue a masters at Georgetown, which did not help from a veteran standpoint.
 RBC should bear the loss
Conference play opened on March 23 against Illinois and fell behind early but were unable to battle back in an 11–3 loss.
Waakzaamheid (Waaksamheyd, Waakzamkeit) was a Dutch 300 ton burthen snow, which the Colony of New South Wales chartered to bring stores and supplies to the Colony and then transport Captain John Hunter to England to face a court-martial for the loss of .
In Week 10, Iloka collected a season-high ten combined tackles in a 10–6 loss against the Houston Texans.
Despite being given a 6–0 lead by the Yankees' batters, he lasted only  innings against the Dodgers in a 13–8 loss.
President Cleveland spent the week of the convention fishing, and had no comment about the events there; political scientist Richard Bensel attributes Cleveland's political inaction to the President's loss of influence in his party.
She played in a 24 November 2010 loss to the Canberra Capitals.
War service and loss
 1996 A Loss of Innocence (TV movie) (executive producer)
However during a 3–0 loss against Oldham Athletic on 30 March 2019, he suffered a hamstring injury and was substituted in the 69th minute.
The general legacy of emigration, cultural loss and the decline of the Irish language, together with the specific issues of food security and the strong commitment of the Irish people to humanitarian aid and relief, are particular themes that will be explored by the Committee during its work.
For universities in these areas the threat of a hurricane is a very real possibility and many have reduced the loss of life and property by implementing preparedness plans, like the University of New Hampshire's Hurricane Preparedness Plan.
The group takes refuge at the O'Neil family's summer home in North Hampton in order to recuperate from their loss at the hands of the Kraang and the Foot Clan.
Such a history would account for the loss of active ice features along the Union City Moraine in Delaware County and the presence of Lagro till on most of the segments of the Muncie esker system.
It was also responsible for the loss of MV Derbyshire, believed to have sank on 9 September with all 44 hands on board due to very rough seas.
This led to the loss of the frescoes of ‘’Stories of the old and new testament’’ by  Lattanzio Gambara that were in the cloister.
He tried to save the semifinals after Hideo Nomo faltered in the 8th but allowed a single, triple, and a balk without retiring anyone in the loss to Cuba that eliminated Japan.
It is cultivated as an ornamental plant, but in the wild it is endangered due to habitat loss as land is consumed for agriculture in Puerto Rico.
In regards to his position his players ranked 3rd nationally in sacks (3.36 sacks per game) and 5th in tackles for a loss (8.55 TFL per game).
The critical design aspect for all bearings using compressible gas lubricants is stability whereas for in-compressible fluids load and power loss become equally important.
As such, Denham plays a part in an emotional loss for Franklin, as well as helping facilitate the moral and psychological growth of the protagonist from youth to young adulthood, seeking virtue and fortune in the world.
After signing a developmental contract with WWE, Takizawa, working under the ring name Jiro, made his Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) television debut on December 5, 2011, alongside fellow K-Dojo alum Sakamoto in a loss against the team of Big E Langston and Nick Rogers.
This negative streak was ended after Silva netted an equalizing goal in the 2–3 loss against Botev Plovdiv on 16 May 2015, during the second half of which he also received a red card after an altercation with Daniel Zlatkov and Plamen Nikolov.
The Utsuki dialect, on the other hand, is lexically similar to the Toriuchi dialect and those of Hachijō-jima, but has undergone several unique sound shifts such as the elimination of the phonemes /s/ and /ɾ/; the loss of the latter is referred to as being sitagirecjaQcja "cut-tongued" by those of other villages, or citagije in Utsuki.
On 9 September 2017, he was given a straight red card in the first half of a 5–0 loss to Manchester City for a high boot against goalkeeper Ederson, resulting in a three-match ban.
He centred his work on a fight against the loss of human virtues and the dehumanisation of man.
He played in all 3 matches and scored 1 try against England in the Kiwis' 2-1 Baskerville Shield series loss.
Harvard College and the Massachusetts Hospital sued him, because the accounts showed a loss of money on the investments.
The $10,000 loss was not covered by insurance.
He then switched over to the Palestine national football team and made his debut for them in a 3-2 loss to Saudi Arabia, where in he scored a goal.
This refers to knowingly causing the transmission of a program, information, code or command and as a result of such conduct cause damage without authorization to a computer used in interstate and foreign commerce and communication and cause loss during a one-year period aggregating at least $5000 in value.
Farmers were worried that reports of the damage and crop loss would deter tourists from visiting farm country for traditional autumn activities and purchases, an economic setback which some said would exacerbate the damage from the storm.
Following Ségolène Royal's loss in the 2007 presidential election the defeat of the Socialists in the following legislative elections put the Socialist Party in disarray.
The last minute loss of the Championship and the subsequent riots, the so-called Basel Hooligan Incident, meant that the club would suffer the consequences.
James Poniewozik of Time noted that while its concept seemed melodramatic, the episode "focuses unflinchingly on the subject of loss, yet manages to be not a downer or painful to watch, but moving, absorbing and even hopeful."
While all refugees experience some sort of loss and trauma, war-related trauma has been documented to have longer lasting effects mental health and span through more generations.
He was booted off after an initial loss but returned and is currently participating on the team known as Vengadores.
The same report indicates that Psittacidae populations have declined as much as 30% in Mexico over the past century due to a combination of habitat loss and overexploitation of the trade of these animals.
In December, the Guerrillas of Destiny won their block in the 2016 World Tag League with a record of six wins and one loss and advanced to the finals of the tournament.
In May 2011, it was announced that Esporta Health Club in Festival Park, Stoke-on-Trent, would close; leaving 2,500 club members looking for an alternative and causing the loss of over 40 local jobs.
He held the post until 2010 after successful reconstruction of the fishery harbours and transforming the loss making cooperation into profit, He was appointed chairman of the Sri Lanka Foreign Employment Agency in 2010 and served until 2011.
Zreik made his senior debut for Lebanon in a 2–0 home loss against China in a 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualifying match on 14 February 2009.
Yeah, there's broke down cars and drinking songs, but mostly it's about love and loss.
Despite Eddie's interference - including having his henchman destroy Magic's beloved cue stick, Alberta - and the loss of Ziggy's guidance at a critical point in the match, Sam defeats Eddie and wins the note.
It rested not on economic loss but on outraged feelings; hence some characteristic rules.
Kvitová then suffered a third round loss at the French Open at the hands of American Jamie Hampton.
The Nova Scotia Cotton Manufacturing Company was a cotton mill located in Halifax, Nova Scotia which was founded in 1882 and destroyed with great loss of life by the Halifax Explosion in 1917.
He recorded 53 total tackles, including 14.5 for loss and 6.5 sacks, he also recovered two fumbles.
Hurrell made his NRL debut for the Warriors in Round 1 against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, impressing off the bench in the Warriors 26–20 loss at Eden Park.
His best game came in week 8 against the Philadelphia Eagles, registering 5 quarterback hurries, 1.5 sacks, 2 tackles for loss and a fumble recovery.
In the game he had three solo tackles and one sack in a 17-24 road loss against the Chicago Bears in Soldier Field.
The plant is considered "somewhat threatened" by habitat loss due to land-use conversion, habitat fragmentation, and forest management practices.
Two more matches were played against the national team, which ended in a draw and a loss for the All-Stars, while two additional matches played were lost to S.V.
Valued at USD$3,000 and insured for USD$2,000, she was declared a total loss.
British armoured car patrols dominated no man's land but the loss of advanced landing grounds reduced the effectiveness of the RAF and Malta was put out of range.
As the tornado passed to the south of Eldorado, trees were uprooted and another house had significant roof and exterior wall loss, with the damage at that location rated high-end EF2.
In Week 9 against the Oakland Raiders, Jones caught eight passes for a season high 126 yards and a touchdown in the 31–24 loss.
On October 9, 2016, he made two solo tackles and broke up a pass before being carted off the field in the second quarter of the Rams' 30–19 loss against the Buffalo Bills with an ankle injury.
The following week, Hayward collected a season-high five combined tackles in the Chargers' 19–17 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
Loss of consciousness during ascent is likely to lead to drowning, particularly if the unconscious diver is negatively buoyant at that point and sinks.
After the consolation, the project was rebranded The City Garden Project to help address the concerns of people regarding a concrete development and loss of green space as well as to help place emphasis on the garden/park direction of the project.
In the first game of the 2020–21 season on 1 August 2020, Velež handled a tough 3–0 loss against Željezničar, but in the second game, on 8 August, Dudić's team managed to beat city rivals Zrinjski for a second time in a row.
On March 30, Payton, Vitt and Loomis appealed their suspensions, and the Saints also appealed the fine and loss of draft picks.
In game one of the 76ers' Orlando Summer League schedule, Noel played his first minutes of professional basketball, scoring a game-high 19 points in the 76ers' 83–77 loss to the Orlando Magic.
A person's "...sense of personal insignificance comes from two primary experiences: (a) the developmental experience with its increasing awareness of separation and loss, transience, and the sense of lost felt perfectibility; and (b) the increasing cognitive awareness of the immutable laws of biology and the limitations of the self and others in which idealization gives way to painful reality."
He led the Irish defensive line and ranked sixth on team with 46 tackles, recorded second-most tackles for loss on team with seven and his two and a half sacks ranked third, also added one forced fumble and one fumble recovery.
The boats of the squadron were sent in under the Lieutenants William Augustus Baumgardt of Spartan and George Sartorius of Success, who, supported by the fire from the ships, and in spite of spirited resistance, brought out the ship and the barks, with a loss of only one man killed and two wounded.
He recorded 301 total tackles, 178 solo, seven sacks, 26 tackles for loss, two fumble recoveries out of three forced; one of which was returned 48 yards for a touchdown, and one 1 interception.
Reactive devaluation could be caused by loss aversion or attitude polarization, or naïve realism.
In the semi-final loss to Japan, she was the only player to score a run by crossing home plate.
Distinct from state legislation, the legislation can be enforced with the loss of federal funding.
He played for the Australian A team in their 3–1 loss to the Kookaburras in the first round of the competition.
Eyewitness testimonies in long term memory can be influenced by the loss of information during the process of encoding and storing event details into long term memory.
The piece investigates the universality of feelings of loss and displacement as well as the concept of transgenerational trauma through the lens of the personal and collective; the trauma inherited from both the immediate family and the ancestral one.
Federal law on the political rights of settled and travelling people and on the loss of rights of Swiss citizens
Loss of the Auckland
Trapnell demanded $306,800 in cash (to recoup the loss of a recent court case), the release of Angela Davis (as well as that of a friend of his who was also imprisoned), and clemency from President Richard Nixon.
Later Glenn helps Michonne cut off Tyreese's arm when he is bitten and tries to haul him to safety, briefly being delayed by a truck opening and letting out numerous walker bodies with no arms and legs with "w"s cut into their foreheads, but Tyreese dies from blood loss and Glenn stands over his service.
Specifically, a loss of Croats would mean fewer people to support Croat politicians and diminution of their power base within the multinational state.
Thus, the Temperance Flat Dam project would cause a net loss of hydroelectric generation, in lieu of massive reconstruction of upstream facilities.
They concluded the season with a loss against Texas in the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Metallized film capacitors have self-healing properties, and small imperfections do not lead to the destruction of the component, which makes these capacitors suitable for RFI/EMI suppression capacitors with fault protection against electrical shock and flame propagation, although repeated corona discharges which self-heal can lead to significant loss of capacitance.
The French provided a cartel to Dominica to permit Dyason to report the loss to Rear-Admiral Alexander Cochrane.
Patients may also experience tinnitus, vertigo, and loss of vestibular function (ataxia).
Townsend made his debut as a 77th-minute substitute during a 1-0 loss against Houston Dynamo on March 11, 2012.
This loss left Villa one place and one point above the relegation zone.
On 24 January 2012, he featured for the senior national team in a friendly match against Icheon Citizen FC, wherein he scored the equalizer to end the match 1–1 in regulation time, forcing a penalty shoot-out that eventually led them to a 2–4 loss.
There is a presumption against contractual relational economic loss, subject to recognized exceptional categories:
A loss to FEU in the four-team championship round prevented the Glowing Goldies from defending their championship.
On 28 March, he scored his first goal in a 3–2 away loss against Kaliakra Kavarna.
A tweet the previous night may have also been connected to the loss of role saying, "Words escape me.
He made his début against Huddersfield, and kicked 2 goals in the 25–16 loss.
In the main event, Roman Reigns defeated The Undertaker in a No Holds Barred match, giving Undertaker his second loss at WrestleMania.
If they breach this duty, they will be liable to the close corporation for any loss caused.
Delay in returning or loss or damage of library books by a students will incur penalty of fine as per rule.
With the loss of the Oglethorpe many within the town rushed to save its memory.
He scored in his debut in a 3–1 loss to Al-Ramtha and would score the winner from the penalty spot against Manshia Bani Hassan.
It stipulated that upon loss of nationality of a husband, a wife could declare that she wished to remain British and provided that if a marriage had terminated, through death or divorce, a British-born national who had lost her status through marriage could reacquire British nationality through naturalisation without meeting a residency requirement.
Do-jin has a memory loss problem in times of stress and records everything in his daily life with a voice recorder pen.
She was declared a total loss.
Corruption allegations were also made over an allegedly fallacious land purchase made  by the city administration in Cengkareng, West Jakarta, on 13 November 2015, with a marked-up price causing an estimated state loss of Rp600 billion.
The Blackhawks defeated the Kings in five games by extending Los Angeles' road playoff losing streak to six, and they gave the Kings their first home playoff loss in game four.
The higher optimal energy in phase-contrast imaging compensates for some of the loss of flux when going to a smaller source size (because a higher acceleration voltage can be used for the x-ray tube), but photon economy remains to be an issue.
Wearing an HME cassette does not compensate for the loss of upper airway filtration of smaller particles such as bacteria and viruses; the pores of the HME filter are larger than the diameter of the infectious particles.
The Supreme Court is monitoring the Coalgate scam probe into coal block allocations since 1993 being conducted by CBI following three public interest litigation petitions alleging that rules were flouted in giving away the natural resources and favouring certain companies at a huge loss of crores to the national exchequer.
The Crusaders beat BDB only days before the finals, providing their only loss of the season.
On January 15, 2017, he scored a season-high 21 points in a 98–87 loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
In the United States, the device has FDA clearance to treat patients with single-sided deafness (SSD) or conductive hearing loss (CHL).
He started in the Baltimore Ravens' season-opener at the Denver Broncos and made six combined tackles, deflected a pass, and made two sacks on quarterback Peyton Manning during a 19–13 loss.
On February 24, 2016, he scored a season-high 19 points off the bench in a 108–105 loss to the Indiana Pacers.
Despite their best efforts to organise and inspire the players, they were unable to progress beyond the group stages, achieving just two wins, two draws and a loss.
Since 1990 till 2015, the rate of deforestation in the DRC has remained constant at 0.20%, which equates to the loss of 311,000 hectares, or roughly 1,200 square miles, annually.
On January 23, 2016, Schoenfeld made his Premier League debut for Netanya, coming on as a substitute for Itzik Cohen in a 1-0 loss to Hapoel Kfar Saba at Levita Stadium.
Despite pitching 7 scoreless innings, he gave away 2 runs in the 8th and earned his first loss when the game ended at 0–2.
He played the next two months in the reserves for the  in the North East Australian Football League (NEAFL), before returning to the senior side for the 129-point loss against Sydney at the Sydney Cricket Ground in round sixteen and played the remainder of the season, apart from the final round match against  at Metricon Stadium.
A year and 9 months have gone by since twins Alex and Conner Bailey suffered the tragic loss of their father.
This system resulted in a loss of many cultural traditions and customs .
UTSA ended its first year with two more wins and yet another 3-point loss.
At trial the landlord claimed damages suffered for rescission but more importantly, also for prospective loss resulting from the respondent's failure to carry on a supermarket business in the shopping centre for the full term of the lease.
IU was invited to participate in the 1986 NCAA Tournament as a 3-seed; however, IU made a quick exit with a first-round loss to 14-seed Cleveland State.
While it is in relatively good condition, its commercial use has seen some new construction and modification which has seen the significant loss of the original structure and features.
On September 15, 2013, Norman collected a season-high four combined tackles during the Panthers’ 24–23 loss at the Buffalo Bills.
He was unable to seek re-election after the loss of the use of his legs, due to an illness in 1745.
1 June 1946 US Army Air Force C-54E 44-9078 crashed off Amalfi, Italy due to a cockpit fire and loss of control, killing 30 of 38 on board.
Weight Wins (UK): Provides personal incentive plans for individuals that pays them for each pound of weight loss plus a bonus for long-term success.
On December 6, he had a season-best game with 15 points on 6-for-7 shooting in a 105–91 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
After two wins and one loss, they advanced to the finals, where, on June 26, they defeated Billyken Kid and Joker leader Kuuga to win the tournament.
The difference in dimensions used in the GII and HDI means that the GII is not interpreted as a loss of HDI, but has its own rank and value separate from the HDI.
The triumph hands the Blackhawks only their third regulation loss of the season and follows a 3–2 overtime road win against Chicago on Feb. 12.
(7) Stein, Gary, “Barber’s Death A Loss To Music and Family,” Ft. Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel, date unknown, June/July 1987.
The loss was costly for Brooks, as he suffered a torn Achilles.
Gerontoplast development is generally seen to be the process of grana being unstacked, loss of thylakoid membranes, and large accumulation of plastoglobuli.
It was Australia's first loss to Wales in a Rugby World Cup since the inaugural World Cup in 1987.
Bram would make her debut for the Calgary Inferno on October 18, 2014, gaining a pair of assists in the first period of an eventual 5-4 loss versus the Toronto Furies.
1944) is known for his pioneering work on the use of electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) in transmission electron microscopy.
On January 9, 1909, he scored 10 of Michigan's 16 points in the school's first intercollegiate basketball game, a 24–16 loss to Michigan Agricultural College (now known as Michigan State University).
This included a dismal loss to the last placed Melbourne Victory, who leapt out to a 5–1 lead before three Wanderers goals late in the game, including a long range strike from Muller made the final score 5–4, as Bruce Kamau missed a glorious chance to level the game in the 95th minute.
Symptoms can also include intense abdominal pain, loss of appetite, nausea, diarrhea, and fever.
While some studies have shown that the risk for hearing loss increases as music exposure increases, other studies found little to no correlation between the two.
He appeared once for the first team, playing the last 8 minutes of a 2–1 away loss against Hansa Rostock on 5 April 2012, in the place of Adam Matuszczyk.
Despite winning thirteen games in 2009 and finishing in the finals for the first time since 2001, Carlton was considered unlikely to make the finals again in 2010, as pundits believed the club's forward-line would not be able to cover the loss of Brendan Fevola.
After a home loss in the league, the Spaniard was sacked and José Couceiro was given the position until the end of the season.
It is possible that the sort of literal memorization required of Norse skaldic poetry resulted in the loss of oral formulaic improvised poetry in an Old Norse context; Haymes and Samples suggest that this same fixed quality may have driven the change from heroic poetry to prose sagas in Iceland and Scandinavia.
Protected area managers need to examine policies in light of these coming changes, and look at possible mitigation techniques such as buffer zones, flexible boundaries and connective corridors to help mitigate the possible loss of rare and endemic species and landscapes in Saskatchewan.
Russell averaged 25.7 points per game and Bill Buntin 20.1 in leading Big Ten champion Michigan to the 1965 NCAA Tournament championship game against UCLA, a 91-80 loss.
Shortly after the loss, Chiesa announced going up to welterweight division.
Vutov made his Udinese first-team debut on 18 February, in a 0–3 friendly loss against Hajduk Split at Stadion Poljud, playing 78 minutes.
High temperature could cause irretrievable loss of the magnetic properties of permanent magnet (Curie temperature).
In addition to fishing threats, pollution and loss of water quality are possible concerns for this species.
Dyer fought a few more professional bouts in America, a draw and a loss to Joe Egan and a newspaper decision win over Jimmy Gray, but by 1920 Dyer had left the country and had returned to Europe.
On 19 September 2020, Andersson scored on his Bundesliga debut for FC Köln in a 2–3 loss to Hoffenheim.
He went on to score in his following two matches, a 2–1 loss against Sampdoria and a 5–1 win against Carpi.
In 10 games with the Talons, he registered 7.5 total tackles, including 5.5 sacks for a combined loss of 29 yards.
He was also signed to Duronto Rajshahi for the inaugural season of the Bangladesh Premier League, playing three matches, including the team's semi-final loss to the Barisal Burners.
On the loss of the phrasal alternation in Pondok Tinggi dialect of Kerinci: A Stochastic Optimality Theory Approach (Master thesis).
In September 2005 the website "christianaggression.org" published an article titled "When Intolerance Begets the Loss of Reason" that apparently had been published in the Vijay Times on 9 September 2005, written by P. N. Benjamin.
 burdensome government restriction proposed and enacted risk the loss of executive talent, that
According to reports such as "Weekly Bunharu" (December 18, 1997 issue), in the book "The Loss of the SS.
Within days of Vallone’s loss, Ragone was hired to work for HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo, who described Ragone as "deeply committed to social justice."
Barnes scored a first-half try in his side's spirited 25–37 loss to the touring side.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = Playoff series win      Bold = Game Winning Goal
On March 12, 2021, after not releasing any music for the year of 2020, the band released a new single called "Friends Like This" and announced they'll be releasing 3 more EPs that, according to Hollywood Life, will be about loss, falling to their vices and growing from your mistakes.
Royal Navy destroyer HMS Eden sank after colliding with transport ship SS France in the English Channel with a loss of 43 lives.
Notes on Life and Letters by Joseph Conrad includes an essay ("Certain Aspects of the Admirable Inquiry into the Loss of the Titanic") on the inquiries (Wikisource)
He later scored in the second round 3–2 loss against C.F.
On 7 November 1964, Loughton made his Football League debut for Colchester, in a 6–3 Essex derby loss against rivals Southend United.
Before his loss to Hammerbot in the Dungeon, he was referred to as The "Invincible" Blade.
He never regained consciousness after a ninth-round technical knockout loss at the Koshien tennis court in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo in 1930.
Australian David Warner was suspended by Cricket Australia until the first Ashes Test after an altercation with English batsman Joe Root following Australia's loss to England.
Notre Dame handed Pittsburgh is first loss of the season.
Habitat loss is a major concern for this species (see Conservation).
Writing from "Bell-sound" (Bellsund), the main harbor of the English in Spitsbergen, he reported a catch of "three and thirtie" whales there, as well as the lamentable loss of his brother Peter on 28 June (OS), who was drowned when pulled out of a boat by a kink in the line from a harpooned whale.
In his report on the action, Seymour wrote of Palmer that " I am quite at a loss how to express, in adequate terms, my admiration of Captain Palmer's skill and decision on so interesting an occasion, and his new ship's company, his officers and his own able and intrepid conduct."
Despite its loss, "Efter solsken" proved popular with the Swedish public and the song upon release as a single reached number four on the Swedish Singles Chart.
The next loss occurred on 2 August 1990 when two No.
A home loss to Burnley in their penultimate match effectively consigned the club to their fate, and led to some supporters storming the pitch at full-time to show their anger at the situation.
Following its loss in its first non-exhibition game the team's management fired the one member of the coaching staff who was experienced, who team members felt had the experience to serve as head coach, and four of her fellow team members.
Left holding the bag, Wilko sold the shares at a loss two weeks later.
In order to help provide further information the method can be used that produces results in a profit or loss aspect.
30 January – sailing smack  () shelled and sunk by , commander: Wilhelm Werne () 20 NE of Trevose Head with no loss of life.
 27 November –  () torpedoed and sunk by , commander: Carl–Siegfried Ritter von Georg ()  south east of Dodman Point with the loss of one crew member.
February – ketch  ran aground at Padstow and became a total loss.
 4 January – Scottish pair trawler  sank in Mount's Bay with the loss of three lives.
This loss marked Barça's first away defeat in the Champions League Group Stage since 2006.
On 25 February, he was sent off after 13 minutes of an eventual 2–1 loss at Aberdeen, for a professional foul on Peter Pawlett; it was Celtic's first defeat of the season.
This emphasised to the people of Leven the loss of the railway connection that the East of Fife had promised.
Recent studies have examined the effects of bodily attitudes on consumer dissatisfaction or satisfaction with fit of apparel, disordered eating, and participation in weight loss programs.
Kali made his NAC Breda debut in the opening game of the season, starting the whole game, in a 5–0 loss against AZ Alkmaar.
Environmentalists expressed concern that the school's plans would result in the loss of 1,000 oak trees.
The Patriots suffered their worst loss of the season and their lowest scoring total of the season despite six trips inside the Ravens 25-yard line.
His senior season ended in the first round of the 2012 NCAA Tournament with a loss against Vermont.
The band chose to use Woods as the drummer in the game due to the loss of their original drummer The Rev, who died of a drug overdose on December 28, 2009.
Vernon’s first sack was alongside teammate Jared Odrick, as both of them brought Jets’ quarterback Mark Sanchez down for a six-yard loss in the second quarter.
He made his Cleveland Browns' regular season debut in their season-opener at the Philadelphia Eagles and recorded seven combined tackles in their 29–10 loss.
Hicks came back for week 6 to face Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers were he recorded another sack in a 24-14 loss.
Diagnosed with early-onset dementia, suffering significant memory loss and having been homeless for several years, Emily proved erratic at the hospital and escaped several times much to Leanne's horror at potentially exposing her stairway crime.
This failed because the officer turned too soon and made a frontal attack with great loss.
Benjamin played in the Cleveland Browns' season-opener at the Pittsburgh Steelers and caught two passes for 20-yards and a touchdown during the 30–27 loss.
The following week, Wilber collected a season-high ten combined tackles during a 45–28 loss at the Chicago Bears.
In a week 5 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, he caught his first touchdown as a Giant.
On November 16, 2014, he collected a season-high 15 combined tackles (13 solo) in the Broncos' 22–7 loss at the St. Louis Rams.
On September 9, 2021, Zuerlein made three field goals, but missed two fields goals and an extra point, including a 60-yard field goal near the end of the first half in a 31–29 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
In Week 10, he made a season-high two solo tackles in a 34–24 loss at the Minnesota Vikings.
On November 18, 2012, he earned his first career start at right tackle in a 13-10 loss to the Baltimore Ravens after Marcus Gilbert was placed on injured reserve with torn tendons in his ankle and backup Mike Adams had an ankle injury.
Coles scored his first try against South Africa in 2014 in a 25–27 loss and had also become a regular starter for New Zealand by 2014, supplanting long-serving All Black great Keven Mealamu from the starting XV.
In 2011, he played 23 games, including the grand final loss to , and won the Tom Outridge Medal as Subiaco's best and fairest player, as well as finishing runner-up in the Sandover Medal to Luke Blackwell as the best player in the league.
| 2011-02-14 || Loss ||align=left| Mohamed Boubkari || Enfusion 2011 : Inside Out || Ko Samui, Thailand|| Decision || 3 || 3:00 ||
However, he was sent-off in the 44th minute, in a 4–0 loss against Brentford on 24 February 2015.
Because of their loss to Georgia, Florida did not play in the 2012 SEC Championship Game against Alabama.
Cortical blindness, a loss of vision caused by damage to the visual area in the brain.
The play was stopped for a loss, the Patriots took over on downs and scored a touchdown en route to a 34–27 victory.
Orbán then captained the side for the first time on 12 August 2013, starting the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Greuther Fürth.
If it emerges that the creditor refused the offer, the court may order the judgment creditor to pay those costs, including the loss of wages suffered by the debtor through having to appear in court in connection with the proceedings.
After finishing his formation with Racing de Santander, Martínez made his first-team – and La Liga – debut on 22 March 2012, playing 34 minutes in a 0–3 away loss against Sevilla FC.
It is currently listed in the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List as "vulnerable" due to the overharvesting and the continuous loss of the Philippine forests.
The loss of initial /h/ could be explained as a result of the name's transmission via Gaelic.
The ambition of measuring the likelihood of future loss, that is of identifying risk, is a central part of the role legal liability plays in economics.
On 9 September 1917 loss of fuel forced UB-49 to change course and make for Cadiz in neutral Spain.
The three football players took the last three penalties, two of which were saved by Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma, during England's 3–2 loss on penalties on Sunday 11 July 2021, and were all immediately targeted with racist language and emojis on their social media accounts.
On September 5, 2009, he had three receptions for 28 yards in a loss against William & Mary.
Phinney later suggested that his crashes of previous days may have been a contributing factor in the loss of the leader's jersey.
He made his debut on 3 November 2012 in a 6–2 loss to the Dallas Sidekicks.
The game finished in a 2–1 loss and saw manager Dave Jones' 17-match unbeaten run come to an end, and Wednesday's nineteen-match unbeaten run come to an end.
The game finished in a loss for Sheffield Wednesday – their first for two-months, as they dropped to four-points adrift of the relegation zone.
Despite the strong start to the month, Arsenal crashed out of the FA Cup with a disappointing 1–0 loss to Championship club Blackburn Rovers.
He was still only 26, and his diary record indicates a loss of the famous reserve that people associated with well-born English gentlemen:  "When night came, I watched from my balcony the procession passing with all its lights.
Madin played three games for the Blades in the FA Cup, including their heaviest ever defeat; a 13–0 loss to Bolton Wanderers in February 1890.
Loss of CTCF binding and an increase in repressive histone marks, H3K9me3 and H3K27me3, correlates with DNA methylation and miR-125b1 silencing.
The loss of Derbent, the accession of Malik-Shah I, the Shaddadid-Shirvanian alliance and the invasion of Arghar 
Rovers winless run extended to 11 games as they were beaten 3–0 at Cardiff before slipping to a 3–2 loss at Sheffield Wednesday.
The primate; stands to be greatly embarrassed by the loss of the head.
 4 May - Peterborough are relegated back to League One following a 3–2 loss at Crystal Palace.
The crash is both the first hull loss and first fatal accident involving a Sukhoi Superjet 100.
This makes them more reliable in a stressful situation, but also makes them more susceptible to performance loss with retention interval (when not practiced often enough).
In Week 3, he collected a season-high four combined tackles during a 27-20 loss against the Oakland Raiders.
Day 29: Due to the success of his week-long weight loss task, Tol was allowed to spend 100 seconds with his daughters in a taxi cab.
Societies and cultures have been displaced, which has resulted in the loss of traditional practices and other forms of cultural capital.
On 16 November 2014, Adams recorded a career-high six blocks in a 69–65 loss to the Houston Rockets.
He debuted as a second-half substitute for Shu Kurata in a 3-2 loss away to Nagoya Grampus on 5 August 2018 and played a total of 14 league and 2 J.League Cup games prior to the end of the season, scoring 3 goals in the process.
Owusu’s other stop was a tackle for loss (-3 yards) in the regular-season finale vs. Washington.
He made his debut for the first team on 5 May 2012, in a 1–0 Liga I loss against CFR Cluj.
He played nine second-tier games for the B-team over the rest of the season, and was sent off on 14 May at the end of a 2–1 home loss to Académica de Coimbra.
The court held, further, having regard to the above-mentioned factors, that the ultimate loss suffered by the appellant was too remote for legal liability on the respondent's part to arise.
After a separation of issues, the High Court determined that the haulier was liable in damages to the toll company for its loss.
However, enhancing expression of CREB-dependent genes or inhibition of HDAC activity partially restore LTP loss and ameliorate late LTP deficits.
This was followed by a 3–0 loss at Portsmouth, where the home side scored two goals through Kieran Djilali and Liam Lawrence, with Ashley Harris scoring a third in the second half.
Five spots were available for qualification at welterweight and Custio qualified over the other quarter-finalists since his loss was to the eventual winner Myke Carvalho.
An American loss by at least 13 points would have placed Argentina instead into the top spot from Group A.
The screen shot image shown is since September 2015 out of date with loss of attendant routing service features.
Werner entered the playoffs with the Colts and played in both of the Colts' playoff games: their Wild Card win over the Kansas City Chiefs and their Divisional Round loss to the New England Patriots.
Fish mortality – Fish mortality is a term widely used in fisheries science that denotes the loss of fish from a stock through death.
Avenging her loss at the final of the 2011 US Open, she beat the Australian in two tight sets, while also serving 20 aces in the win, the most aces she has served in a match.
On May 16, Nasco made his professional debut in a 3–0 loss to the Puerto Rico Islanders.
Galatasaray finished collecting 48 points by 2 wins, 3 draws, and 1 loss.
He did not trade in any securities, did not tip Mr. Rajaratnam so he could trade, and did not share in any profits as part of any quid pro quo.” "The tips generated 'illicit profits and loss avoidance' of more than $23 million, the [SEC] alleged in [the] lawsuit.
An air ambulance airlifted Taylor to Queen Elizabeth II Health Sciences Centre, but she died after midnight from severe injuries and blood loss that were sustained during the assault.
foundered with the loss of 31 of her 34 crew members.
During this period, in the early 2000s, Russia had lost its role as a global superpower, and restoring the positive legacy of Stalin helped to ameliorate the felt loss of status, bringing back a symbol of the country – albeit the Soviet Union predecessor state – at the height of its power.
Based on a loss of 10 to 20 metres per century, it is believed that the current area within the ramparts represents only a third of the original total.
The show's protagonist Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) deals with the loss of her half-sister Lexie and later discovers that she is pregnant.
Although eventually the rebellion was put down by Liu Laozhi (and others), during which process there was massive devastation and major loss of life including of many civilians, to the point where whole cities were almost completely deserted.
Henryk Szczepański's last match for the national team took place on 1 November 1965 in Rome, in a 1–6 loss to Italy in the 1966 World Cup qualifiers.
It contains the end of a lament mourning the loss of a favorite fighting cock.
The Preliminary EIA recommended two villages for relocation: the first was Ban Thang Ngao due to the expected loss of its fisheries; and Ban Nam Han due to inundation.
On New Year's Day, Luton experienced their eighth league loss of the season, being beaten 3–1 by Woking in a reverse of the scoreline on Boxing Day.
(The latter merger, and loss, may post-date Proto-Ongan.)
However, due to being medically suspended after his KO loss to Al Iaquinta in quarter-finals of the show, Ogle was not able to compete on the card.
Sarkar was reported to have shared with grandchildren that it was this early loss of his mother to an unknown disease that led him to study medicine, as he wanted to know the cause of her death.
However, with a 35–25 record as of March 6, the Bucks would struggle and proceed to lose 16 of their final 22 games and miss the playoffs, finishing fifth in the Central Division with a 41–41 record, thanks to an embarrassing 123–89 road loss to the Detroit Pistons to close out the season.
Although some controversy surrounds credit for the sinking, naval authorities later determined that Natal had sunk U-714 with the loss of the submarines entire crew of 50 men and gave Natal sole credit for the sinking.
The season started on 5 August 2012 with a loss against Eintracht Braunschweig and  ended on 19 May 2013 against Ingolstadt 04.
On April 8, 2017, he scored a season-high 29 points in a 127–112 loss to the Indiana Pacers.
The loss of Hope Carr denied Labour a clean-sweep, but they managed an all-time high of winning all-but-one of the wards, and bettering their last year's record in voter share.
Dinamo continued its bad shape the following week, when they lost against FC Vaslui, 4–1, the biggest loss suffered during the entire season.
The Greek cargo ship SS Aegli sank in the Aegean Sea with the loss of all but one of her 22 crew.
Lois Lee, founder of the anti-trafficking organization, Children of the Night, bemoaned the loss of Backpage as an investigative tool, saying that child prostitution "existed long before Backpage or the Internet" and that Backpage is "not the cause or even a cause".
On July 12, 1776, the Pennsylvania Committee of Safety recognized the £1457 claim of Joseph Shallcross & Co. for the loss of Nancy.
The Royal Automobile Club raised early concerns that loss of the emergency lanes might affect emergency response times.
However, its side effects in men, such as demasculinization, gynecomastia, sexual dysfunction, bone density loss, and reversible infertility, make the use of CPA in males impractical in most cases.
were to be later echoed by Matthew Arnold, an early admirer (with reservations) of "Intimations", in his poem "Dover Beach", but in a more subdued and melancholy vein, lamenting the loss of faith, and in what amounts to free verse rather than the tightly disciplined sonnet form that so attracted Wordsworth.
In the face of racially motivated incidents, students are reported to have “feelings of helplessness, depression, psychosomatic symptoms, and a loss of face”.
Maduro made his debut on May 4, 2014 entering in the 63rd minute in a 1-0 loss to Stjarnan.
For three years he suffered loss of vision, as a result he was replaced by Bishop Anastasius of Kalocsa (or Astrik).
However, there are no readily accessible Royal Navy records of any capture, service, or subsequent loss.
Marilu tried to accuse Trace of checking out and Lil Jon of not procuring a DJ, but despite questioning Trace's motivation, Trump didn't feel that either of the men was to blame and that the onus for the loss fell on Marilu, who had creative control throughout the task.
After suffering from an illness that kept him out for a week, Maxim set up two goals on 2 May 2016, in a 6–2 loss against Werder Bremen.
2 January 2013: Despite Papiss Cissé opening the scoring in the second minute, Newcastle suffer their ninth defeat in 11 games with a 2–1 loss to Everton, further exposing the gaps in the Magpies' defence.
On April 23, 2013, the Mavericks' 2012–13 season ended with a 7–3 loss to the Allen Americans on the road in Allen, Texas in Game 7 of the Ray Miron President's Cup Playoffs Semifinals.
Maatsen made his début, in the opening game of the season, when he came on as a substitute in the 72nd minute in a 2–0 loss against Feyenoord.
He noted that the accident had "sadly plunged the nation into further sorrow on a day when Nigerians were already in grief over the loss of many other innocent lives in the church bombing in Bauchi state".
Not only Jerusalem or Israel but the whole world that loves culture and friendship will feel this loss keenly."
He debuted in a 3–1 loss to the Chicago White Sox, going 1-for-4 with a RBI single off of Chris Sale.
"The Panel feels impelled to assert that neither the original design nor the original manufacture was at fault ... the tragedy has several new lessons to teach all concerned with aviation, and that learning provides some small degree of compensation for the loss of valuable human lives."
Following its defeat Germany had been forced to accept the loss of territory - badly denting national pride.
The process of recovery, environmental cleaning and compensation for damages took a significant toll on the company's expenditures, which resulted in great profit loss for Petrobras.
Sacred City returned to the Division 1 level in 2016, entering the Vancouver tournament as the seventh seed, and finished in eighth place after a 252-109 loss to Stockholm Roller Derby.
The killing of the three, Daoud Daoud commander in the Tyre area, Mahmud Faqin commander in Nabatiya and Hassan Sbaiti, was a significant loss for Amal’s forces in the south of Lebanon.
Additionally, people with AIDS often have systemic symptoms of infection like fevers, sweats (particularly at night), swollen glands, chills, weakness, and weight loss.
Despite Drusilla's momentary loss of composure, she appeared largely unfazed by this intrusion, as also by other early incidents, such as a bomb explosion at Rose's front door and (a few years before "women's lib" began to take hold) Rose's pinching her buttocks, apparently to demonstrate that he alone was capable of shocking her.
The Hoyas then embarked on a two-game road trip in which they finished 2017 with a loss at Marquette and began 2018 with their first conference victory of the season in a game at DePaul.
And the range of 80, 90, or 100g is generally where risk of acute injury and concussion begins to occur (concussion being symptoms such as feeling foggy or woozy and not necessarily loss of consciousness).
With twenty bouts behind him, and just one loss in his opening fight, Houlston was placing himself into contention for a shot at the Wales Welterweight Championship title.
Kongolo made his Netherlands U21 debut on 14 August 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Czech Republic U21.
In round 1 of the 2017 NRL season, Lee made his club debut for the Sharks against the Brisbane Broncos, playing on the wing in the 18–26 loss at Shark Park.
OHL ends the regular season in a bad way after suffering a severe 0–4 loss at home against Standard Liège, with Imoh Ezekiel scoring for Standard after only 13 seconds, after which Logan Bailly saves a last minute penalty to keep Kortrijk to a 0–0 draw.
In Week 6, against the Atlanta Falcons, he had 395 passing yards, four touchdowns, and two interceptions in the 34–29 loss.
In 2019, Equity Group Holdings Limited began talks to acquire four banks in Tanzania, Rwanda, Zambia and Mozambique from Atlas Mara in a share deal valued at Ksh10.6 billion($965 million) where the company had recorded a pre-tax loss of Ksh559 million($5.09 million).
This observation came after the outbreak of World War I, which resulted in catastrophic loss of life.
Salazar stabbed Wilson in the chest with a kitchen knife and severed his aorta, leaving Wilson to die after an hour of massive blood loss.
Walter Johnson, pitcher for the Washington Senators, was credited with a loss after coming in as a relief pitcher in a 4–3 defeat by the St. Louis Browns, ending his streak of consecutive games won at 16.
On March 18, 2014, Waiters recorded his first career double-double with 17 points and a career-high 11 assists in a loss to the Miami Heat.
But Los Angeles suffered their first shutout of the season with a 0–3 loss to the Nashville Predators on February 7.
In any case, the city of Málaga, in addition to the loss of the aforementioned population (estimated at the time at about 50,000 people), lost six per cent of its tax revenue and five per cent of its expenses.
the Erlang and Engset loss systems, and was the first to apply deep methods of the theory of point processes in queueing.
On February 14, 2014, Bethenny was cancelled due to a loss of affiliate clearances to NBC Universal Domestic Television Distribution's upcoming The Meredith Vieira Show.
Before the secret of her loss was exposed in March 1915, Karlsruhe exerted an influence as a ghost ship on British naval strategy, forcing the Allies to guard against possible attacks.
A common complication of the surgery is hemorrhage and the loss of blood.
Some on Knots say the show could not survive the loss of its moral mouthpiece."
Meanwhile, the head of the orphanage is exacerbated with the way the girl deals with her loss and emotional trauma.
Other artists to record versions of the song include the Syd Lawrence Orchestra and Joe Loss.
The team would recover and return home from their second loss of the season on January 24 by beating BYU 83–63.
Following that loss, Norway then fell 2–0 to Belgium, where Hansen said after the match that she should've been awarded a penalty for being taken down in the box by Belgium's keeper.
Leveraging its Long-Term Healing Model, Tuesday's Children shares best practices and lessons learned in recovery and resilience with communities impacted by terrorism, military conflict, mass violence and traumatic loss at home and abroad.
Later, after his marriage to Bobbie broke up under the stress of her infidelity with Damian Smith and the loss of B.J., he became romantically involved with Carly Benson, the daughter Bobbie gave up for adoption as a teenager.
Ammar (Aqasha) could still feel loss and emptiness in his heart even though his beloved girlfriend died three years ago.
Ranđelović was also capped three times for the senior side of his adopted country, making his debut in a 1–4 friendly loss to Poland on 14 December 2012.
Exactly a month after the loss of 103 FM could Talpa Radio 10 ("gold" instead of "FM") hire an AM frequency of the former owner.
The car had not been touched since its last race and had suffered a loss of brakes towards the end of the event.
In 10 patrols she sank 8 merchant ships, for a total of , plus 1 warship damaged and another merchant ship written off as a total loss.
After a two-point loss against the Philadelphia 76ers the Mavs fell, for the first time this season, under .500.
The two clubs had agreed to work together in early 2011, and the 2011 Christchurch earthquake which devastated their home city and resulted in the loss of many playing facilities hastened their merger into a combined side.
A I A: Dream Loss is the sixth studio album by American musician Liz Harris under the stage name Grouper.
William Calder and Harry Munro were both allowed to join Gainsborough Trinity, before United resumed their league campaign with a 4–3 loss away at Newcastle West End who were struggling at the bottom of the table.
Bryant scored 40 points in the loss with two steals, and he passed Magic Johnson (1,724) as the Lakers career leader in steals.
He made his debut with the Blue Jays later that day, pinch-running in the ninth inning of a 6–5 loss to the Los Angeles Angels.
Also some oils which are used as first-generation biofuels (such as palm oil) are criticized for their impact on the natural environment, including deforestation, loss of natural habitats, and greenhouse gas emissions which have threatened critically endangered species, such as the orangutan and Sumatran tiger.
It was announced on 2 May 2013 that the show would close after only seven months, with a loss of "at least £5 million".
The loss of that part of northwestern Anatolia, writes Shukurov, "meant in fact that the Byzantine Greeks lost forever the possibility of a strategic initiative in the northern part of the Byzantine front."
With Ireland declaring their first innings with the loss of six wickets, Quinlan did not bat, but took a total of three wickets while bowling.
In 1948, VAT made a loss of 746,000 marks.
On March 3, 2017, he scored a season-high 18 points in a 112–97 loss to the Utah Jazz.
Five days later, he grabbed a career-high 18 rebounds in a 105–102 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
Hindenburg was covered by insurance of 6 million RM, which was paid in full, but the loss of future passenger revenue was not.
On the other hand, inclusion of PGD in the DSM-5 and ICD-11 may be misunderstood as the medicalization of grief, reducing its dignity, turning love into pathology and implying that survivors should quickly forget and "get over" the loss.
After suffering the loss in the Grand Prix, Ishiwatari announced that he was retiring from MMA, mainly due to neck injuries.
In his second campaign at Dundee, Gallagher made a great start to the season, where he scored his first league goal in a 4–3 loss against Queen of the South in the opening matchday.
He had two further fights later the same month, a win over Young Siki, and a loss by knockout to Frenchman Rene Chalange.
Since then, HHF has worked to provide funding for basic, clinical and translational research in hearing and balance science, and worked towards research and treatments for people with hearing loss, tinnitus, and other hearing conditions.
Nicholls played in all three of the club's finals games including South Sydney's preliminary final loss against his former club Canberra.
Despite the wrecking event and the complete loss incurred, the Scottish fishermen resolved to continue with their enterprise.
Other estimates of loss may differ due to having been drawn from a smaller pool of data.
Its degeneration ultimately results in complete loss of joint function in the late stages of osteoarthritis.
Fourth, fifth and sixth patrols and loss
Damming the flow of Winder River will save the loss of life and property in the area.
In the 2012 season during the first game loss, Merritt scored eight points, had five rebounds, and two assists.
The future for these taxa in urban Sydney is precarious because of the degraded urban environment (with continual loss of habitat), low recruitment to the population and the risk of predation.
This was a result of the required loan loss reserves as directed by BSP.
Numerous bird species are protected in this area, including the marsh grassbird, also known as the Japanese swamp warbler, and the Japanese reed bunting, both of which are threatened by habitat loss.
The French attacked his division in its camp at Le Vernet and forced it to retreat with a loss of 1,200 soldiers, 26 guns, and seven colors.
His webpages document the loss of numerous historic round barns.
On 2 May, he played for Tonga in their Polynesian Cup test-match clash against Pacific rivals Samoa, playing on the wing and scoring 2 tries in Tonga's 16-18 loss at Cbus Super Stadium.
Finally, it is deeply moving to see the span of one person’s life — his mother’s — summed up, monument style, in a work of art that is every bit as much about loss as it is about muchness.
In this victorious skirmish that took place in the Jebel Sherif valley, British members of the Long Range Desert Group (LRDG) suffered one man killed and two taken prisoner, included Major Clayton, and the loss of three desert vehicles.
He was also the primary Japanese commander during the action off Bougainville on 20 February 1942 which resulted in the loss of 23 Japanese aircraft against only 2 Americans.
It was cut short in 2012 with a loss of at least £500,000 in revenue.
His first match in charge was a 28–23 loss to Italy during Tonga's 2012 European tour.
The most notable change for the population near the Mekong is the loss of agricultural land due to flooding from hydropower dams.
The carbon bonding in aerographite has an sp2 character, as confirmed by electron energy loss spectroscopy and electrical conductivity measurements.
The studio's net loss in 1952 was over $10 million, and shooting had taken place for just a single in-house production over the last five months of the year.
The endoscopic technique has only been tried over the last several years, but it offers the advantages of a shorter and safer operation, less cost, less in-hospital time, and less blood loss.
In the game, he caught five passes for 80 yards and two touchdowns in the 31-24 loss.
Predictions of the season for West Coast were poor, but a shock win over preseason premiership favorites Port Adelaide lead to a 6-game winning streak, eventually ending with a loss to  in Hobart.
 Lost Fathers: How Women Can Heal from Adolescent Father Loss, 2005 (), Hazelden Press
He made his debut for the Andalusians on 19 August, assisting Rodri's goal in an eventual 2–3 home loss against Villarreal.
Green String farming methods reduce soil erosion, pesticide dependency, and loss of biodiversity; and increases resistance to natural predators.
Martini made his professional wrestling debut for Insane Championship Wrestling in a loss to Andy Muscat.
She also damaged one warship (5,450 tons) and caused one merchant vessel to be declared a total loss (3,305 GRT).
On December 10, 2019, Franklin collected a quadruple-double with forty-two points, twelve rebounds, twelve assists and ten steals in a 110–114 loss to the Xinjiang Flying Tigers.
TACI functions as a negative regulator of BAFF function given that loss of TACI expression results in the overproduction of B lymphocytes, a type of white blood cell that guards against infection.
Second patrol and loss
Following the film's first DVD release in 2002, Film Threat gave it an unfavorable review, writing, "The Initiation is the latest forgotten horror film to receive the Anchor Bay DVD treatment, and I'd be at a loss to tell you why."
He made his debut late in the month, coming on as a late substitute for Paulo André in a 1–2 home loss against São Paulo.
Lewis was now the number two Welsh player on the Order of Merit behind Mark Webster and they teamed up at the World Cup, but suffered a surprise 5–3 loss to Hong Kong in the first round.
The Oilers win was the Steelers last loss of the season.
On the May 6 edition of Raw, Fandango would suffer his first loss via count-out to R-Truth when the judges (Jericho and Tons of Funk) gave Truth and Miz a much better rating as a dancer.
Clinical features depend on which areas of the central nervous system are involved and include subacute onset of psychomotor retardation, hypotonia, ataxia, muscle weakness, vision loss, eye movement abnormalities, seizures, and dysphagia.
He was also the chairman of Nine Media Corporation, the media company behind CNN Philippines and Radio Philippines Network, that he acquired the 34% stake on RPN from Solar Entertainment Corporation in 2014 due to the Tieng's loss of revenue after investing on RPN.
The club's fifth appearance in the German Cup ended in a 0–7 loss to TSV 1860 Munich on 27 August 2000.
The spontaneous loss of analyticity in a vortex sheet is a consequence of mathematical modeling since a real fluid with viscosity, however small, will never develop singularity.
Abrupt painless loss of vision in the visual field corresponding to territory of the obstructed artery is the typical history of presentation.
In August 2011, the ODA announced an agreement with Delancey/Qatari Diar, who paid £557 million for the East Village site, representing an estimated £275 million loss to the ODA and hence the British taxpayer.
The next night was the second game of a weekend doubleheader with the Ice Dogs, as the Wilderness avenged their previous loss and picked up their first franchise win with a 6–3 triumph.
In the loss, the Birmingham defense only allowed 179 yards of total offense, with only 33 yards coming through the air.
Wong's Olympic debut ended after a 21–17, 21–14 loss to Jan Ø. Jørgensen in his final Group I match at London's Wembley Arena on 31 July to finish second in the three-man group.
Wiggins scored 24 points and had five steals in his debut for the Warriors, in a 125–120 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.
in Chemical Engineering, University of Sheffield, 1995, specializing in the field of process safety and loss prevention.
4 wrestlers suffered their first loss.
In 2017, The New York Times featured Elena Mosaner as one of the top clinical hypnotists in New York City for weight loss.
The sport is also open to blind people with hearing loss.
He played the first three matches of the year before breaking his toe during the twenty-five-point loss against  at the Adelaide Oval in round three.
in summer 2011, his maiden appearance in Primeira Liga occurring on 24 October as he came on as a late substitute in a 6–1 away loss against Sporting CP.
 preserve in response to the loss of the precious art objects so the art of the past is not lost to the region;
To qualify for the Deaflympics, "athletes must have a hearing loss of at least 55db in their 'better ear'.
Here they stormed the rankings once again, only to fall in a three-set loss to Broderick Dyke and Wally Masur, both of Australia, in the finals.
The loss led to a match on April 29 in Aya Yuki's home promotion, NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, where Nakajima successfully defended the JWP Junior Championship against her.
Following the loss of the title, Narumiya disbanded .STAP, leading to a storyline rivalry between her and Sera.
A week later however he played for Inangahua, kicking a conversion in their 11-8 knockout loss to Blackball.
She attacked the British frigate  which caused the warship to be declared a total loss.
He made his debut in the competition on 18 August 2013 by coming on as a late substitute in a 5–1 away loss to Sporting CP, and scored his first goals on 22 December of that year in a 3–0 away defeat of Gil Vicente F.C.
Results provided support for a "vigorous" loss of atmosphere early in the history of Mars and were consistent with an atmospheric signature found in bits of atmosphere captured in some Martian meteorites found on Earth.
The common cause of death while operating is exsanguination caused by profuse loss of blood volume.
In the 2016–17 season, Cancelo performances slightly got worse with Cancelo making some errors leading him to commit a penalty in Valencia's first league match in a 2–4 loss against Las Palmas.
The items are then sold at auction, where the antiquers compete for the highest profit, which is most often determined by the lowest loss.
The conservation status is based on rates of habitat loss, the major threat to the taxa, though in Vietnam it is cited as having a less threatened conservation status of Vulnerable.
Cable defined gunboat diplomacy as "the use or threat of limited naval force, otherwise than as an act of war, in order to secure advantage or to avert loss, either in the furtherance of an international dispute or else against foreign nationals within the territory or the jurisdiction of their own state".
It deals with newborn screening, hearing assessment, hearing loss, rehabilitation and verifying hearing-impaired cases.
Worried, the trio takes Prem to a local hospital where the doctor diagnoses him with anterograde amnesia or short-term memory loss and checks him into the hospital.
The city was also affected by a power outage after the storm caused loss of power and damaged communication lines.
Some sources claim that the current bitcoin design is very inefficient, generating a welfare loss of 1.4% relative to an efficient cash system.
Recording a goal in her first Clarkson Cup playoff match, a 3-2 loss on March 22, 2012 to the Thunder, she recorded a goal at the 19:19 mark of the third period.
This caused a loss of control.
On 10 January 1920, the ship was reported missing due to hitting a mine with a full loss of life.
May 2: The Nuggets were eliminated from the 2013 NBA Playoffs by the Golden State Warriors 4–2 with an 88–92 loss on the road.
Wakefield made his Accrington Stanley on 15 August 2015, where he made his first start as a right-back position, in a 1–0 loss against Morecambe in the opening game of the season.
The fall of Enugu led to the loss of significant stocks of equipment and supplies for the Biafrans.
União, but was also sent off in the 3–2 away loss.
In South Korea, a furore has erupted over the loss of Viktor Ahn (Ahn Hyun-Soo) to Team Russia.
The Tours Municipal Library was hit by bombs in June 1940 and was completely destroyed except the most precious carolingians and medieval manuscripts, with the loss of 200,000 volumes, 400 incunabula and 400 manuscripts.
She managed to overcome it with a minimum of memory loss.
He also had 14.5 tackles for loss.
Pirgov earned his first cap on 7 October under Petev's successor Petar Houbchev, playing the full 90 minutes in the 1:4 away loss against France in another qualification match for the 2018 World Cup.
He was sent off in a 2–0 home loss to Roma on 1 October, earning a second yellow card for a foul on Radja Nainggolan.
The Australian forces subsequently formed a perimeter around Tanglin Barracks where they were making preparations for a counter-attack by the time the garrison surrendered on 15 February following the loss of the city's main water reservoirs.
His win was seen as a loss for the pro-voucher American Federation for Children, which pumped over $100,000 into primaries in greater Milwaukee to support candidates, none of whom won.
He finished with 88 receiving yards on 7 receptions in the 34–31 loss.
On the other hand, Senator and PPD gubernatorial candidate Alejandro García Padilla blamed Fortuño and Pierluisi for the loss during a press conference.
After the loss of his army, Ciriaco del Llano returned to Spain.
In the following week's game against Iowa, he had 29 carries for 140 rushing yards and one rushing touchdown in the 19–16 loss.
He has Jeremiah 1:5 on his left arm with a picture of his mother embracing him after Michigan State suffered a loss in the Big Ten Championship.
The following week, he made four solo tackles and had his first career sack on Cincinnati Bengals' quarterback Andy Dalton, as the 49ers suffered a 14–24 loss.
He made his A Group debut in a 4–0 away loss against Beroe Stara Zagora on 11 August.
His debut for Lommel came on 3 February 2013 in a 1–0 away loss to Sint-Truiden.
He made ten starts as the team from Barcelos suffered relegation, and scored in a 2–1 loss at C.D.
The Warriors lose 6-62 to the Penrith Panthers, their largest ever loss in the club's history.
In the playoffs, they lost their first game to the San Francisco 49ers in a brutal 13-10 loss, giving LaFleur a 2-3 postseason record and no Super Bowl appearances in their 3 straight 13-win seasons.
He made his debut in the competition on 19 August 2013, in a 3–0 loss at Rayo Vallecano.
In many opinions, such as that of writer Sarah Schulman, the loss of such potential arbiters as Kurtti changed the course of world culture forever.
Autopsy revealed that Yamamoto suffered trauma caused by gunshot wounds to her neck and torso despite her use of body armor and that the primary cause of her death was internal bleeding and rapid blood loss.
Intragastric balloons help induce weight loss by increasing satiety, delaying gastric emptying and reducing the amount of food eaten at each meal.
He expressed his disappointment at the loss of the samples: "It is not completely the end of the line but the biggest chance has slipped through our grasp."
The bird's flightlessness is evident in its large body size, the extreme reduction of pectoral girdle elements and the loss of a keel on the sternum.
After only joining Gladbach during the winter break, he made his debut for the club on 23 January 2016 in a 1–3 loss to former club Dortmund.
He made his competitive debut on 10 May of that year, coming on as a first-half substitute in a 1–2 Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão home loss against Red Bull Brasil, and appeared in only eight first-team matches before departing.
The season ended with a loss to the future champions Duke and Sabonis was named to the NCAA Tournament South Regional All-Tournament team.
Each account has to use separate directory; otherwise the synchronization process may suffer from unexpected behavior or even data loss.
Ketu signifies the spiritual process of the refinement of materialization to spirit and is considered both malefic and benefic, as it causes sorrow and loss, and yet at the same time turns the individual to God.
The rivalry between Suzuki-gun and Chaos continued two days later at Invasion Attack, where Suzuki first defeated Toru Yano to avenge his loss from the second round of the New Japan Cup, and then Smith unsuccessfully challenged Nakamura for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship.
Jordan struggled for the remainder of his footballing life with injury and loss of form though he did score 6 goals in 12 matches in the First Division in the 1953–54 season.
He made his senior debut on 12 March against Sri Lanka in 3–0 loss match at the 2011 SAFF Championship in New Delhi.
He made his Eredivisie debut for the club on 10 August, in a 0–2 loss to NEC.
The loss to the Buckeyes was Mariota's final collegiate game as he entered the 2015 NFL Draft a few days later.
If team management, coaching staff, or team owner encourages such PED usage, the club will be given the maximum fine given by the MLB, loss of all draft picks for the next 3 years, and possible suspensions or other sanctions including a forced sale of a club (if owner is complicit).
After a 2–8 start to the 2019 season and a 45–19 loss to Group of 5 opponent Western Kentucky, Arkansas dismissed Morris in his second season.
Cheryshev played his first competitive game on 14 August 2013, when he came on as a half-time substitute in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland in Belfast; after just five minutes on the pitch, he had to be stretchered off in an eventual 1–0 loss.
Therefore, Wong Tai Sin was given a 0–3 loss.)
England scored 531 for the loss of two wickets and won the match by an innings.
Glasgow Fire Service went into a state of mourning for its largest loss of men since the 1960 Cheapside Street Whisky Bond Fire, and public funerals were held before the men were laid to rest in the Glasgow Necropolis.
On 3 October, Mitrović scored his first Newcastle goal away to Manchester City, opening the scoring in a 6–1 loss.
His last Championship game for Donegal was the 1998 Ulster Senior Football Championship final loss to Derry.
 The primate – stands to be greatly embarrassed by the loss of the head.
On September 1, 2011, he had 10 tackles against Syracuse in the season opener but Wake Forest loss 36-29 in overtime.
Eight days later, he made his first appearance in Spain's top division, replacing Saúl Berjón after 57 minutes of a 5–2 loss at Athletic Bilbao.
Golden also played in his first career playoff game during the Steelers' 17–30 loss to the Ravens in the wild card game.
On 23 March 2018, Despodov made his senior international debut for Bulgaria in a 1–0 friendly loss against Bosnia and Herzegovina.
On the night of 13 October 2018, after loss in Slovakia's second UEFA Nations League fixture and a derby match against Czech Republic (1–2), they left the hotel and went out, missed the bedtime and violated the wellness policy, regarding regeneration and rehabilitation.
Following a Week 15 loss the Argos front office decided to release four of their wide receivers on the same day including Kevin Elliott.
He played Nepal's final match against Turkmenistan in a 3-0 loss at the 2012 AFC Challenge Cup.
The Mindanao Flying Dragon is listed as Vulnerable according to the IUCN because it is suspected that a population decline, estimated to be more than 30% would be met over a ten-year period which is ongoing from the recent past to the near future, inferred from the loss of its primary and possibly mature second growth forest habitat.
But although Heath's process removes the need for preparing the carbide separately, it also involves a loss of control over the process.
The combination severely suppresses bone marrow function, resulting in fewer red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets, so many people taking it are at risk for infections, anemia, and blood loss from lack of clotting.
David started his Junior hurling career at the age of 16 lining out wing back in a championship loss to Shamrocks.
Deutsche Bank and two insurance companies came to own 80% of the company; in 1979, its financial assets were sold to Hapag Lloyd; and the loss of business in Iran as a result of the 1979 revolution finally caused the company to file for bankruptcy on 18 August 1980.
On 27 February 2015, he scored his first goal for the club against Le Havre in a 2–1 loss.
In the following week, on September 8, he had 10 receptions for 89 receiving yards and one receiving touchdown, the first of his collegiate career, on a 30-yard reception in the 17–16 loss to Virginia.
The next game, Robinson caught six passes for a season-high 155 receiving yards and scored two receiving touchdowns during a 23–20 victory over the Miami Dolphins On October 11, he had seven receptions for 72 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns in the 38–31 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
In Week 12 against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday Night Football, he had eight receptions for 74 receiving yards and two receiving touchdowns during the 41–25 loss.
He scored his first goal for RNK Split in a 4–2 loss to Dinamo Zagreb.
His first major league hit was a fourth-inning single off Drew Smyly in a 4–1 loss to the Detroit Tigers at Camden Yards six nights later on May 13.
On December 5, he scored 22 points and tied a season high with seven 3-pointers in a 114–112 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
On 7 January 2012, while still a junior, he made his official debut with the first team, starting and playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–2 away loss against FC Cartagena in the Segunda División.
Valentina Gunina of Russia, playing on board two, won the individual gold medal overall with a score of 8 out of 10 (seven wins, one loss and two draws) and a rating performance of 2643.
Czechoslovakia's first game was played on February 23 that year in Viareggio, Italy against the also debuting Italian team, and resulted in a 2–1 loss.
On October 27, 2013, Robertson recorded a season-high 11 solo tackles and sacked Alex Smith in the Browns' 23–17 loss at the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 8.
The Indian Wells Masters resulted in a second round loss against Novak Djokovic.
There were no overt clinical signs, with the exception of ~5% of body weight loss by day 6 that was followed by a recovery by day 33.
ISU scored its only points on a 45-yard blocked punt by Ritter in a 24–7 loss.
Daoists today use zuowang to mean a specific form of practice involving loss of self and conscious thought.
Hopkins testified in 1920: "I imparted the information to a friend of mine named Otto Fuerth, whom I had known for a number of years and who had vital interests in that Republic, and I did not want to see him make a loss, and I gave him a little quiet information."
These impurities were responsible for the loss of heat, and caused other effects that made it more difficult to keep the reaction going.
Taven returned to Japan in 2019, teaming with Vinny Marseglia for the ROH/NJPW co-promoted "Honor Rising" tour, which ended with a loss to Los Ingobernables de Japón (Shingo Takagi and Tetsuya Naito).
She was injured for the next tie, a loss to the Czech Republic.
On August 22, 2014, Manziel was fined $12,000 by the NFL for a hand gesture (flipping the bird) that he made in a preseason loss to the Washington Redskins.
 TFL: tackles for loss
He compensated for the loss by keeping company with other intellectuals of the anti-communist persuasion.
On November 8, 2009, Finch scored his first collegiate goal for the Huskies in a 2-1 loss to UCLA.
He seeks to locate and thus destroy the blue bane, an island formed from imbalanced blue luxin created from the Prism's loss of control over that color.
 The Canberra Raiders suffered their biggest loss at the hands of the Melbourne Storm, losing 68-4, it was also Melbourne's equal-biggest win, equalling the 64-0 win against the Tigers in 2001.
In a preseason exhibition against the Rochester Knighthawks, he posted two goals in an 11-10 loss.
In addition to this loss, U Kala's prose style was seen as a model in the eyes of all subsequent historians.
The Japanese car manufacturing industry suffered a loss of $250 million between 15 and 21 September due to the production of about 14,000 cars being suspended.
Oquendo, last fought in 2014, was legally owed a WBA 'regular' title opportunity after winning a lawsuit on the back of his loss against then belt-holder Ruslan Chagaev.
The Bulldogs had played just one game on artificial turf in the regular season, a loss at Ole Miss.
He started the Cleveland Browns' season-opener against the Miami Dolphins and recorded three solo tackles, broke up a pass, and an interception during a 23–10 loss.
In week 14 against the Denver Broncos, Gipson recorded his third interception of the season off a pass thrown by rookie quarterback Drew Lock and returned it 26 yards during the 38–24 loss.
Sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth patrols and loss
Tulane was defeated by Big Ten co-champion Northwestern, 14–0, its only loss this season, breaking a school-record 10-game winning steak.
The Cardinals lost a 2-of-3 series to the Miami Marlins, only the 3rd series lost in the season (after 69 games) since a 2-of-3 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates on April 26–28.
In the mid-1990s the US FDA approved dexfenfluramine as a weight loss drug.
After the UTEP loss, UH officials looked into options for the team to play in either the CBI or CIT postseason tournaments to give the young team more experience.
Winter Carnival recorded a loss of $33,696.
They called to not allow such temperature rise and stop biodiversity loss.
The energy loss in the blade during stance phase when the foot was on the ground was measured as 9.3%, while that of normal ankle joint was measured at 42.4%, showing a difference of more than 30%.
The outbreak of World War I lead to a considerable loss of traffic and consequent financial problems, and the SNF decided to sell its railways and concentrate on operating its steamboat services on Lake Lugano.
Despite damage to his ship and the loss of several men on board as enemy fire raked her decks Morgan fought his gun with skill and courage throughout a furious 2-hour battle which resulted in the surrender of the rebel ram Tennessee and in the damaging and destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.
The Red Sox suffered their first World Series loss since 1986 in that year's Game 7.
The loss included many children, five of whom, Peter Easton, Martin Paton, Mason Phillips, Brian Todd and Douglas Morrison, were schoolmates from the same town of Markinch in Fife.
Clarke made his first grade debut for Western Suburbs in round 6 of the 1998 NRL season against South Sydney which ended in a 41–10 loss at the Sydney Football Stadium.
With the support of his Congressman, Joe Scarborough (R-FL), Scott's research brought attention to the Indianapolis sinking and resultant heavy loss of life.
| 2008-07-26 || Loss ||align=left| Paulo da Silva || WCK World Championship Muay Thai || Las Vegas, Nevada, US || TKO || 1 || 2:00
"His passing is a great personal loss to me and to all African people".
A higher percentage of people taking empagliflozin achieved weight loss greater than 5% from their baseline.
The Boilermakers would be too much for the Wildcats in yet another blowout loss for Arizona.
Led by Briggs, the players reported the incident to both the Arizona president and athletic director, and discussed about a series of abuses by Mackovic, including one where Mackovic made a meltdown to the team after the loss to Wisconsin earlier in the season.
The loss would end the season with a five-game losing streak for the Wildcats.
He made his Serie A debut on 16 September 2012, when he came on as a substitute for Alejandro Gómez against Fiorentina in a 2–0 loss after goals from Luca Toni and Stevan Jovetić.
the Times said, "the most expensive, not to say the most disastrous, the city has ever experienced", with a loss estimated at between $200,000 to $250,000.
On December 13, 2017, he scored a career-high 36 points in a 124–118 loss to the Boston Celtics.
In many cancers the PTEN expression is decreased and may be downregulated through several mechanisms, including mutations, loss of heterozygosity, methylation, and protein instability.
She was eventually towed to Londonderry Port, then Belfast, but she was declared a total loss.
Nakajima made his Porto debut on 13 August 2019 in the second leg of the UEFA Champions League third qualifying round away to FC Krasnodar, playing the full 90 minutes of a 3–2 loss that eliminated the team on the away goals rule.
The loss of TPP1 leads to impaired POT1 function.
The NAAIC then reported that the aircraft was not able to maintain 77 KIAS in level flight suggesting that one engine had failed and the other had suffered a power loss of at least 13%.
He scored six wins against just one loss in his first official tournament.
The loss of the suit opens the way for Wilde being criminally indicted for gross indecency.
Just 12 months after his loss to Roger Federer at the previous year's tournament, Murray made it through to his second consecutive final at Wimbledon, where he would face Djokovic in their fourth Grand Slam final.
On 23 September 2014, Sporkslede made his debut in the KNVB Cup match against Delta Sport which ended in a 2–1 loss for Willem II.
He made his debut 10 days later, coming on as substitute in the 1–0 away loss at Mainz 05.
Ploughing and the use of chemical fertilisers have also contributed to their loss.
Using diaries and other primary sources as well as hundreds of hours of interviews, Scheeres presents a heart-breaking portrait of belief, survival and loss in this idyllic community.
Outside of skiing, the competitor in this class is unable to walk, the skier "may have loss of buttock sensibility S1-25".
Parivartan estimated that in the past four years, the state had suffered a loss of  259.5 crore owing to diversion of subsidized food grains on the basis of bogus ration cards.
Degradation (changes in the ecosystem state) and modifications of marine systems are associated with loss of ecosystem services and values.
Elizabeth Klisiewicz, writing for The Headphone Commute, stated that "Hammock go massive as they meditate on grand themes of death and loss, their music ever larger, more expansive."
It was the team's worst home loss since 1947 and the most runs allowed in a game since 2003.
After missing most of September, due to injury, Lam made return to the first team from injury, playing 45 minutes, in a 2–1 loss against Bristol City on 1 October 2016.
The Boland Cavaliers won nine of their ten matches during the regular season – the only defeat being a 17–23 loss to the  – to finish top of the log and secure a home semi-final against the Griffons.
After an upset loss against Louisiana Tech to open the season, the Spartans won four consecutive games against Chattanooga, ,  and .
Wellek and Warren began dividing their responsibilities, at first evenly, but with more work done by Wellek as Warren dealt with the illness, and later loss, of his wife Eleanor in 1946.
On September 22 the Braves clinched the NL East with the Nationals loss to the Marlins.
was torpedoed and sunk by  () with the loss of all 839 crew.
He played at right-back for both matches, which resulted in a 2-3 aggregate loss and early elimination for Brunei.
Despite severe damage to his ship and the loss of several men on board as enemy fire raked her decks from stem to stern, Brown fought his gun with skill and courage throughout the furious battle which resulted in the surrender of the prize rebel ram Tennessee and in the damaging and destruction of batteries at Fort Morgan.
On June 30, Kodama lost to Koji Iwamoto in a World Junior Heavyweight Championship number one contendership match, his first pinfall loss in All Japan.
During a Week 7 matchup against the  Pittsburgh Steelers, Hopkins made six receptions for 108 receiving yards in a 23–30 loss.
After the Thursday Night Football loss to the Green Bay Packers, 24-21, Hopkins missed the next three weeks with a hamstring injury.
Afterwards, Notre Dame went 1–4 that month, culminating in a blowout loss to rival USC in which the Golson was benched early in favor of his backup Malik Zaire.
After a heavy 4–1 loss to Romania, he was left on the bench for the remaining matches against France and England, as Croatia failed to qualify for the knockout stage.
Of her art, Tania De Rozario states that she has "always been interested in starting conversations about sex, gender and sexuality through art and writing. . .the quickest way to engage people is to come from personal places of love, loss and desire. . .when people are able to relate to certain common aspects of relationships, gender becomes a secondary issue."
5 in the AP Poll, but then their 11-game winning streak came to an end in a loss at Villanova in which the Hoyas committed 23 turnovers.
Fifth patrol and loss
The first Battle for the Cannon, with UNLV avenging their loss and evening the series.
These results indicate a loss of 2% of the popular vote for Obama during the 2012 elections.
He was utilised as a substitute in his next three games, a 1–0 win at home to Port Vale, a 1–1 home draw with Carlisle United and a 2–1 home loss to Leyton Orient.
After the match the now former champions began arguing between them, blaming each other for the title loss.
Korea topped the round robin standings with just one loss to Pacific-Asian rivals Satsuki Fujisawa.
McClellan's failure to deal effectively with the Chambersburg raid contributed to his imminent loss of his command.
The Quebec Liberal Party held a leadership convention in 2013 following Jean Charest's resignation after the party's 2012 election loss.
| 2003-11-15 || Loss ||align=left| Wannai Pongpila || La 10ème Nuit des Champions || Marseilles, France || Decision || 5 || 2:00
He made his debut for Sydney FC on 13 October 2012 against Newcastle Jets; he scored his first goal on his debut in a 3–2 home loss.
She served with the 6th U-boat Flotilla from 2 October 1941 for training and stayed with that organization for operations from 1 April 1942 until her loss.
In July 2014, the sets of Qubool Hai caught fire however there was no loss of life in the fire accident.
May 2010 saw a 29–0 loss at champions Glasgow City.
Most of the cicadas within this genus are classified by conservation groups as least concern, although many species are endemic to a particular isolated area or threatened by habitat loss primarily due to grazing.
Bam Bam was forced to wager his hair and Pierrothito had to wager his mask in the Lucha de Apuestas match that followed immediately after their tag team loss.
A fourth choice behind Werley, Vilson and Naldo, he made his debut in the category on 17 June 2012, coming on as a first-half substitute for the former in a 0–1 away loss against Náutico; he was also sent off during the match.
He made 16 appearances for Carlton in 1967, including their semi-final loss to Richmond.
 Loss of First and Second Round draft selections in 2013 and 2014 draft
The Hillsboro Hops' first game was played on the road against the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes on June 14, 2013, a 3–2 loss.
Despite Joaquim Inácio's daring rescue of Brazilian prisoners of war from both the invasion's land-based forces and from the two schooners, he was reprimanded by the commander-in-chief Vice-Admiral Rodrigo Pinto Guedes, Baron of Rio da Prata (who had replaced Rodrigo Lobo) for the loss of the Constança.
The incident resulted in the loss of the bridge and extended closures along sections of SR 86 and⁠, more critically, a section of⁠ I-16.
The preparation of these films occurs with the loss of chloroethane:
This loss of the geomagnetic shield is claimed to have contributed to the extinction of Australian megafauna, the extinction of the Neanderthals and the appearance of cave art.
France - The office of the French president François Hollande urged Lebanese politicians to stay united and guard against attempts to destabilize the country "no matter where they come from", describing the death of al-Hassan as a great loss.
Generals Wise and Floyd each blamed the other for the loss, resulting in significant discord in the ranks and negative attention from newspapers.
The concept of having spare paddles and losing in-game does not apply for online games, so the loss of a paddle will only result in a short delay and revert the effects of any active power-ups.
The average yield loss in an infected pea crop can range from 10%-50% depending on environmental conditions that may either promote or hinder the disease.
In 2013 following the loss of the main sponsor, the club changed its name to RJ Vôlei.
The theory of 1 Nephi Priority argues that after the loss of the original 116-page manuscript, the transcription process returned to the beginning of the Golden Plates narrative, starting over at the beginning with 1 Nephi.
Writing for NME, Kevin E. G. Perry contrasts the optimism of the lyrics with E's personal tragedies, concluding that "part of the triumph of this record is just how upbeat he sounds while talking about everything from love and loss to mortality itself."
Emboldened by his victory, Eroles decided to engage a French force six days later at Altafulla and suffered the loss of between 600 and 2,000 men.
The 2014 fixture will see Martin Haag, head coach of Nottingham, take over from Mike Rayer, Bedford Blues head coach, who led the XV side to a 52–21 loss in the Māori All Blacks fixture.
Teams earn one point for each regular match win; in addition, each team must choose a Trump match, where a win is worth two points, and a loss subtracts one point.
Regions critical to English trade were devastated and with the loss of Gascony the wine trade collapsed.
On his return on 29 December 2012, Morris scored his first goal, in a 4–2 loss against Morton.
Yulissa runs away from Arroyo Negro again, depressed from the loss of her son.
Verkoelen scored his first goal for the club on his fifth appearance for FC Eindhoven, in the 3–4 home loss against Helmond Sport.
| 2015-10-18 || Loss ||align=left| Ibrahim El Bouni || WFL "Unfinished Business" || Hoofddorp, Netherlands || TKO (knee ligament injury) || 1 || 44-8
In March 2010, ACORN announced it would dissolve due to loss of funding from government and especially private sources.
After the phonematization of gradation due to loss of word-final sounds, Sami varieties could be left with as many as four different contrastive degrees of consonant length.
This season, they went out in the first round after a 3–2 loss to Distillery.
Bittu wins the elections and becomes the State's new Chief Minister, leaving Varsha in hospital to deal with her loss and mental agony.
Lyrically, its theme is, "the loss of small pleasures in life for greater freedom".
Condé sent an army of 22,000 men to lift the siege, but suffering from very bad weather, they were defeated in battle by the Spanish on 2 November, with the loss of 3,000 men.
Worst Performer: Kevin, but although his exact water loss wasn't shown, he did carelessly hit the most out of the whole group and did lose the most water, according to Andrew.
He had his professional debut and first career start in the Arizona Cardinals' season opening 21-23 loss to the New England Patriots.
However, these studies are subject to several methodological limitations, including sample size, the limited ability to detect adverse events, loss to follow-up, exemption of vaccine recipients with previous adverse events, observational bias, and the absence of unvaccinated control groups.
"Adams–Oliver syndrome is often mislabeled as CRS and consists of cutis aplasia of the scalp in which a longitudinal defect can vary in size and can often be associated with full-thickness skullcap loss.
Eisfeld made his Fulham debut, where he came on as second–half substitute for Chris David, in a 2–1 loss against Ipswich Town in the opening game of the season.
Although he suffered an injury during a 2–1 loss against Eintracht Braunschweig on 24 August 2012, Demme was then sent–off early in the second–half for a foul on Jan Hochscheidt, in a 1–0 win over Erzgebirge Aue on 16 September 2012.
Adding to the couple's loss, Relf and Chew filed a libel suit against Whitney that was also successful.
He scored on his 3rd appearance for Inverness, in a 2–1 loss to Partick Thistle.
Section 2 contained three grounds for loss of United States citizenship: naturalization in a foreign state, taking an oath of allegiance to a foreign state, or specifically for a naturalized citizen residing for two years in one's foreign state of origin or five years in any other foreign state; it also provided that citizenship could be lost only in peacetime.
Washu has the same ability to phase shift through solid objects, convert matter directly to energy with no entropic loss (in the form of an energy saber), and she can duplicate herself.
This feeding causes a reduction of plant growth, less lateral roots, loss of cytoplasm in infected cells, redish brown necrotized lesions, as well as predisposing the damaged roots to fungi and bacteria that can initiate a secondary infection.
of matters pertaining to father, exceptional capabilities, modes of earning a livelihood, royal honours, gain of kingdom and ruling powers, gains, loss, charity, expenditure, punishment, incarceration, etc;
On the loss of the hotel, Mrs. Thomas (Louise) Hitchcock persuaded the Willcoxes to open a small hotel and in 1900 it welcomed its first guests.
Dixon took over trailing 21–6, and led the VooDoo to a 56–53 loss, after he was tripped up as he was attempting to make a pass on the final play of the game.
25 March – out from Newport, sailing ship Brothers () was stranded and became a total loss near Padstow.
6 December – brig Bacchus () wrecked on the Gull Rock, in Gerrans Bay with the loss of all hands.
 9 April – a small schooner ran into the Stones reef at Godrevy with the loss of one man.
 November/December – the Bude schooner Nancy () was wrecked with the loss of all three crew during a storm at Welcombe Mouth, Morwenstow.
Reinforcements arriving they retired with a loss of 57 men killed and wounded.
While snowboarding, she has injured herself several times, including a September 2008 crash that dislocated five ribs, a January 2009 tear of her medial collateral ligament while competing in Austria, and a 2010 concussion and memory loss following a crash.
The 2012 Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl was the first postseason game for the Midshipmen since their loss in the 2010 Poinsettia Bowl to the San Diego State Aztecs; Navy had lost four of its last five postseason games.
His first three caps were played at lock, which included a 9-8 victory over France at Murrayfield and a 14-0 loss to Wales in Cardiff in the 1948 Five Nations Championship.
In Week 9, Gurley was held to 89 yards on 24 carries in the Rams' 21–18 overtime loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
During the game, Gurley rushed 14 times for 56 yards and his first rushing touchdown of the season in the 38–25 loss.
The third deficit is likely related to semantic loss.
He urges her to run away with him, but she reminds him of the loss of honour this would mean and weeps at the hopelessness of their situation.
The latter mission's loss of 2 Wild Weasels to MiGs and then some of the bombers to SAM sites that tracked the USAF jamming resulted in temporary suspension of Commando Club until electronic countermeasures were improved.
On October 11 against the Seattle Seahawks, he was credited with three tackles, and teamed with defensive end Carlos Dunlap to sack Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson for an eight-yard loss on a third down situation late in the fourth quarter.
NASA's independent accident investigation into the loss of SpaceX CRS-7 found that the failure of the strut which led to the breakup of the Falcon-9 represented a design error.
Wickets felt at regular intervals, and the Daredevils eventually got all out at 136 runs, registering the biggest loss of the season.
Analysts attributed her loss in part to the support she lost from Democrats on account of her investigation of electoral fraud as attorney general.
After the 2010 loss, Scott moved to Monroe, in the more rural 39th legislative district.
The Tigers suffered their only loss to a team with a losing record at the hands of the Houston Cougars on February 27.
On December 12, 2016, Ertz made ten receptions for 112 receiving yards in the Eagles' 27–22 loss against the Washington Redskins in Week 14.
Unfortunately, on 1 May 2014, Godeau scored an own goal, in a 4–0 loss against Genk, putting high doubt of winning the league for the first time in the club's history.
Distraught at the loss of his best friend, Juston salvages the remains of the Sentinel and creates a suit of battle armor which he uses to attack Death Locket.
On April 7, he scored a career-high 33 points, including a career-best six 3-pointers, in a 115–107 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Cleveland Browns' season-opener at the New York Jets and had seven carries for 22-yards in their 31–10 loss.
To account for this loss, stars regenerate these damaged portions of their arms, investing incredible amounts of energy as a means to survive for a longer amount of time.
His World Youth title qualified Hopp for his first Grand Slam of Darts where he was beaten 5–4 by Brendan Dolan and defeated Martin Adams 5–2, but a 5–1 loss to Michael van Gerwen would see him finish third in Group A and exit the tournament.
Sonny suffers short-term memory loss, but he remembers Will's infidelity when he sees Will's article on Paul.
Past the caravan park, the tornado continued toward Bundalong and weakened slightly, though remained strong as a well-built brick home sustained total roof and exterior wall loss.
Ángel Ojeda made his debut in the Torneo Descentralizado on 15 May 2010 coming on as a late substitute for Nórbil Romero in the 2–0 away loss to Sport Boys.
They were 5–2 and 6–3 at different points during the year, but would lose out, including a rivalry loss to Arizona State to end the season, which knocked them out of the postseason picture.
After the loss to Oregon, a McDonald’s location near the Arizona campus featured signs of a kicker missing a field goal and a referee signaling the kick as “no good”, which was a pun on the original Wildcat kicker, Mark McDonald, who shared the same name of the fast-food chain, as a joke.
Argentina debuted with a 1–0 loss to Belgium at Camp Nou in Barcelona.
"In weathered boots and dresses that could have crossed the plains in a covered wagon, six tap dancers not only drill it down with their feet, they use their full bodies to convey loss and grief", wrote Dance Magazine.
Thus, naked larval cuticle   loss is recuperated and once the larva has become an adult, its tissues execute their normal function.
"The Loss of the Albion" (Laws D2)
He had 64 tackles including six tackles for loss, 11 pass breakups, three interceptions, and forced a fumble as a senior.
This may lead to a loss in genetic diversity between the two species and, over time, could also lead to their decline.
His last appearances for Port Melbourne Sharks was on 28 May 2017 against South Melbourne in a 2–1 away loss.
He finished the last game of the season making 6 tackles, including one for a loss, in the Sun Bowl against the Oklahoma Sooners.
 31 Nani's Sudden Memory Loss 2003-08-22
The lawsuit was later withdrawn after a loss in Superior Court.
Foundations of Adjustment to Blindness (FAB)—program for those who have incurred vision loss later in life and are adjusting to life with low vision.
During an outburst, the temperature would drop and the radius increase dramatically as a pseudo-photosphere is formed due to increased mass loss.
It centres on a band of warriors who seek to avenge the loss of their master at the hands of a corrupt minister.
The team started its season on the road, in a 3–2 loss in Tulsa to the Tulsa Oilers.
She also dismissed claims that her candidacy was her family's revenge against her father's loss in 2004, saying that all she wants to do is serve should she be elected to the Senate.
The chemical processes of Portland cement hydration lead to another type of shrinkage, called the autogeneous shrinkage, which is observed in sealed specimens, i.e., at no moisture loss.
Kyrgios's US Open run ended in the next round with a loss to Federer, who saw him out in straight sets.
In Taylor's senior year, he scored 52 points in a 118–109 loss to Beloit College on November 22, 2014.
Since the functions X, Y, Z are arbitrary, without loss of generality we can conclude the common solution to these integrals, a possible Lagrangian that will correctly generate all the components of relativistic momentum, is
Stiglitz warned that under the investor-state dispute settlement provision in current drafts of the TTIP, governments risked being sued for loss of profits resulting from new regulations, including health and safety regulations to limit the use of asbestos or tobacco.
Before the bowl season starts, Sam led the SEC with 10.5 sacks and 18 tackles for loss.
In 1987, Larry Kramer founded AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP), an international direct action advocacy group working to impact the lives of people with AIDS (PWAs) and the AIDS pandemic to bring about legislation, medical research and treatment and policies to ultimately bring an end to the disease by mitigating loss of health and lives.
After the loss, the team fell off the Coaches' Poll.
This development pattern has resulted in concerns over water quality and loss of forest habitat for wildlife.
Fresno State's front seven was led by sophomore Tyeler Davison, who achieved first team all-conference accolades and recorded six tackles for loss during the season.
This contestant lost a weigh-in and was eliminated without any votes, due to having the lower percentage of weight loss on a team with just two remaining contestants.
Alison explains that there will be a yellow line and the two people with the lowest percentage of weight loss will fall below the yellow line and the others will decide which one to eliminate.
In the season finale against the Los Angeles Chargers, Cooper caught three receptions for 115 yards and an 87-yard touchdown in the 30–10 loss.
In 2010, Short finished fourth in the Big Ten in both sacks, with 6, and tackles for loss, with 12.5.
In Week 11, Diggs had 13 catches for 126 yards and a touchdown in a 25–20 loss to the Chicago Bears.
Under Confidence Accounting, the end results of audits would be presentations of distributions for major entries in the profit & loss, balance sheet and cashflow statements.
The vassal always had a claim to loyalty from his lord (Lehnsprotektion) and a breach of that by the lord meant the loss of his sovereignty over his vassal.
Nightingale claimed that he could not remember being given the pistol and said that he had suffered memory loss following a serious illness.
Loss of either OmpK35 and OmpK36 or only OmpK36  leads to carbapenem resistance.
Ziva takes in the young girl whose mother is away serving on a carrier, and helps her cope with the loss of her father.
A week later, on 14 October 2013, Azeez scored again, in a 3–2 loss against Wycombe Wanderers.
After three wins, one loss and one draw, Fuka advanced to the semifinals of the tournament, where she, on June 24, defeated Ayumi Kurihara.
In Week 15, he collected a season-high 13 combined tackles (six solo) in the Packers' 21–13 loss at the Buffalo Bills.
Their second loss of the season came on November 3, 2012 when they were defeated 19–15 by Arkansas after missing two extra points and a field goal.
Nisekoi: Loss / Shrine Maiden (2014), Ruri Miyamoto
CSER researchers have published on biodiversity loss and governance in Nature, the environmental impact of high-yield farming and prospects for geoengineering.
The vessel was reported as a total loss.
Similarly, models of packet traffic are needed to estimate the bandwidth and buffer resources to provide acceptable packet delays and packet loss probability.
On September 25, 2016, Poyer collected a career-high 13 combined tackles (ten solo) and deflected a pass during a 30–24 loss at the Miami Dolphins in Week 3.
The many changes which take place in the uterine epithelium during early pregnancy have been suggested to represent a loss of polarity in these cells and this thought has been extended to suggest further that an epithelial-mesenchymal transition may occur in the cells during this time.
For the season, he totaled 68 tackles, 4 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks, 8 quarterback hurries, 1 interception, 7 passes defensed and 3 forced fumbles.
3 points were awarded for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
The reactor core isolation cooling (RCIC) system was manually activated by operators at 15:39 following power loss, but by midnight the status of the reactor was unclear; some monitoring equipment was still operating on temporary power.
Since 1994, the American Political Science Association has given the Robert E. Lane Award for the best book in political psychology published in the past year, which his own book - The Loss of Happiness in Market Democracies - received in 2001.
On 15 November 2014, Todd made his debut for Bristol City as a substitute for Scott Wagstaff in the 75th minute against Swindon Town, the game ended in a 1–0 loss for Bristol City.
The inclusion of this clause was the condition on which developed countries, particularly the United States, agreed to include a reference to loss and damage.
Jernigan led Florida State with 11 tackles for loss in 2013.
By secreting amounts of the unidentified electron shuttle around the cell, accumulation of the compound over time in the environment enhances electron transfer and helps to prevent compound and electron loss.
These classes consisted of hearing loss, coarse brain disease (i.e.
Elfsborg succeeded after a heroic performance by goalkeeper Jesper Christiansen to get away from the Stadio San Paolo with a 1–0 loss.
It wasn't until on 29 September 2015 when he scored his third goal of the season, in a 2–1 loss against Southend United.
He made his 300th appearance on 27 August 2019 in a 1–0 loss at Montpellier HSC, and the following day extended his contract until 2023.
In particular, "+#" indicates a word-final context in modern French, which generally evolved due to loss of a final consonant in Old French or Middle French.
He, again, returned to North America and competed in the 2011 MLG Pro Circuit Championship Providence; however, after dropping to the lower bracket, he was eliminated from the tournament by a 0–2 loss to Lee "Leenock" Dong Nyoung.
| 1993-08-08 || Loss ||align=left| Robert Kaennorasing ||  || Shang Zen, China || Decision || 5 || 3:00 || 39-9-1
She suffered her first loss on June 4, 2011, in an NAAFS professional women's flyweight championship bout against Aisling Daly.
On January 11, 2015, Roby appeared in his first career playoff game and recorded two solo tackles, a pass deflection, and intercepted Andrew Luck during a 24–13 loss to the Indianapolis Colts in the AFC Divisional round.
Excluding two sacks for a loss of 13 yards, Fales had a career-high 33 rushing yards on 7 scrambles.
On 8 December 2011, Manquillo made his competitive debut for the first team, starting in a 2–1 away loss against Albacete Balompié in the Copa del Rey (3–1 on aggregate).
Mississippi State's Jameon Lewis caught nine passes for 220 yards to break the Liberty Bowl receiving record held by Houston's Vincent Marshall, who had 201 yards in a 44–36 loss to South Carolina in 2006.
A month later on 16 August 2014, he scored his first league goal of the season, in a 5–4 loss against Kawasaki Frontale.
On October 16, 2016, Trufant made five combined tackles and a sack on Russell Wilson in the Falcons' 26-24 loss at the Seattle Seahawks.
Despite of his former coach's sudden loss, Luna-Grenier had captured numerous sporting successes, including his seventh-place finish at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia, and top-ten finishes from the Junior World Championships.
Points were awarded in each pool on a different schedule from most rugby tournaments—3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
In a Week 14, Verrett collected a season-high eight solo tackles, deflected a pass, and intercepted a pass by Chiefs’ quarterback Alex Smith during a 10–3 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
In the regular-season finale, Ryan collected a season-high five combined tackles during a 9–17 loss to the Buffalo Bills.
On November 16, 2015, the Saints decided to fire defensive coordinator Rob Ryan after a 48-14 loss against the Washington Redskins in Week 10.
It was hindered by the departure of foreign artificers and the loss of manpower resulting from the withdrawal of three Hanoverian regiments which had provided a number of artificers to supplement the Company.
The loss drops their record to 4W 4L 1D.
The apparent loss of her son causes Antiope to become conflicted and later more outspoken when Oreitheia's war party returns successful from their campaign against the Scythians.
Only in the final week would the Spirit's loss finalize them as league runners-up.
It is primarily threatened by habitat loss and the illegal wildlife trade.
On 12 October 2013, Barahona made his professional debut, playing the last 12 minutes in a 2–3 home loss against his previous team Alavés.
Browne started his first game as a Trojan quarterback in a 52–6 loss to Alabama on September 3.
Points awarded follow the standard soccer formula of three points for a win, one point for a draw, and no points for a loss.
The backup LSP does not necessarily need to have the same constrain in terms of bandwidth as the primary; it is possible to reserve less bandwidth on the backup LSP and not incur in packet loss when in use.
He remained in goal for the second leg in Yaoundé on 14 October, a 2–1 loss that saw his country qualify for their first major tournament.
The increased accuracy has usually been deemed worth the loss of generality.
Being so cruel to people, it's similarly painful to Nora [from the first season] where I was suffering from so much heartbreak and loss and pain.
After the loss of many of his advertisers, along with the desolation of his reputation via social media, Limbaugh issued an apology to Fluke, stating that he "chose the wrong words" and he "did not mean a personal attack on Ms.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the Cleveland Browns' season-opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers and recorded four combined tackles and broke up a pass in their 21–18 loss.
Dismissed on 15 September after a 1–4 heavy loss against Palmeiras, he returned to Goiás on 15 December ahead of the 2016 campaign.
On October 19, 2015, Collins made his first career interception, picking off Sam Bradford and made five combined tackles in the Giant's 27–7 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
With the loss, the Bills fell to 1–2.
With the bitter loss, the Dolphins fell to 4-5.
With the loss, the Jets fell to 2–2.
With the loss, the Ravens headed into their bye week at 3–4.
With the loss, the Browns dropped to 3–4.
With the loss, the Steelers dropped to 2–6, the team's first such start since 2006.
November 24: Defensive tackle Kevin Vickerson suffered a dislocated hip during the Broncos' Week 12 loss to the New England Patriots, and was placed on the season-ending injured reserve three days later (November 27).
The loss was Kansas City's second straight after the Chiefs' nine-game winning streak.
It was their first loss ever in AT&T Stadium since it opened in 2009.
With the loss, Washington began the season 0–1 for the first time since 2009, lost their home opener for a second consecutive year, lost to Philadelphia for the first time since 2011, fell to 0–1 in the NFC East, and lost a regular season game for the first time since Week 9 of last season against Carolina.
Despite the loss, Stafford (16,005 yards) passed Bobby Layne's Lion record of 15,710 career passing yards, while Johnson tied Herman Moore's team mark of four consecutive 1,000-yard receiving seasons.
After the heart-numbing loss to the Detroit Lions on Thanksgiving Day, the Packers returned to snowy Lambeau Field to take on the 3–9 Atlanta Falcons.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 2-6.
The 49ers received the opening kickoff and drove to the Carolina 33, where, on 3rd-and-2, Frank Gore was tackled for a 1-yard loss.
With the loss, the Rams clinched their 10th consecutive non-winning season, and were officially eliminated from playoff contention.
The boat crews extensively mined the Passur River in the Sundarbans, reducing the ability of Pakistani forces to operate from the Port of Mongla but were mistakenly bombed by Indian Air Force troops that resulted in the loss of both vessels and some of the lives of the Mukti Bahini and Indian personnel on board.
Several verbal exchanges between the two eventually led to Donst attacking Loudspeaker first on April 6, after losing to Archibald Peck, and again on May 4, following a loss against Saturyne, both times cutting off a lock of his hair.
Brown's 30 tackles for loss ranked second in the NCAA.
His 17 tackles for loss in 2014 were the most by a non-defensive lineman at USC since linebacker Markus Steele had 17 in 2000.
Van Noy sacked Vikings' quarterback Teddy Bridgewater for a one-yard loss during the first quarter.
Robensen Theirize had a pick six in the 1st Quarter and freshman phenom Carl Lawson recorded 6 tackles, 3.5 tackles for loss and 2 sacks.
Loss of Pitt and Syracuse 
 Note 1: Palmeiras was punished with the loss of four home field matches because of incidents involving their fans in the match against Botafogo in Araraquara last year.
Shin Chaeho particularly resented this confinement, considering the fall of Goguryeo and the loss of "Korean" control over its extrapeninsular territory as the beginning of the minjok's decline.
The club though however suffered their second loss of the season when they lost 5–1 to Pune F.C.
Fan backlash resulted from this enormous loss and the next week on 9 April, Melbourne made the decision to sack their CEO Cameron Schwab.
On November 29, 2014, Carter-Williams recorded his third career triple-double with 18 points, 10 rebounds, and a career high 16 assists in a 110–103 loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
After the worm is killed, visual acuity loss usually does not progress.
The British cruise liner SS Canberra runs aground off St Thomas, British Virgin Islands, with no loss of life, and is refloated the following day.
The passengers watched a nine-minute animation that told the tale of immigration, aging, and cultural and familial loss, based on the reality of the artist's parents.
However, this proof did not necessarily include actual loss of sales or profit, as the Fourth Circuit had held.
While some consider the noise reduction of a suppressor significant enough to permit safe shooting without hearing protection ("hearing safe"), noise-induced hearing loss may occur at 85 time-weighted-average decibels or above if exposed for a prolonged period, and suppressed gunshots regularly meter above 130 dB.
This method is also not very useful for industrial applications due to the loss of expensive boron as boron oxide during the reaction.
Despite the loss, Price was shortly afterwards recruited by St. Mary's on amateur terms.
The Collegiate Draft resembled its NFL counterpart (the NFL Draft), in which teams were given a position in the drafting order, based on their win and loss record for the previous year.
Despite having lost all 5 of their previous meetings, Gulbis took advantage of Murray's lack of competitive play and defeated the Scot in straight sets, his first loss since he retired at the Rome Masters in May.
On 30 December 2012, Tariq made his international debut for the Iraqi senior team, against Tunisia, in a friendly match that ended in a 2–1 loss for Iraq.
The Cypriot cargo ship Armas runs aground off Alderney, Channel Islands, with the loss of one of her 23 crew.
Despite the French advancing about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) towards Vimy Ridge on an 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) front, it was to the cost of over 2 million expended shells and loss of 102,500 casualties.
Italian submarine  was torpedoed and sunk in the Adriatic Sea by Austro-Hungarian sub  with the loss of all 19 crew.
Four Imperial German Navy airships attempted to bomb England, but the L40 airship was struck by lightning and crashed in flames in the North Sea near Neuwerk, Germany, with the loss of her entire 20-man crew.
The French evacuated from the region with a loss of 3,161 killed, wounded or missing.
British armed steamer Duke of Albany was torpedoed and sunk in the North Sea by German U-boat  with the loss of 24 crew.
sank with the loss of all 30 crew.
French minelayer Cassini struck a mine and sank in the Strait of Bonifacio with the loss of 88 of her crew.
Royal Navy minesweeper  struck a mine and sank in the North Sea with the loss of 12 of her crew.
While pursuing the retreating sub, French destroyer  struck a mine and sank, with heavy loss of life.
Royal Navy armed merchant cruiser SS Otway was torpedoed and sunk by German submarine  in the Atlantic Ocean, with the loss of 10 of her crew.
 Battle of Passchendaele – Infantry and tanks with the British Fifth Army clashed with the German Fourth Army near Langemark, Belgium, in an attempt to capture German defense positions not achieved during the Battle of Langemarck, but were subsequently driven back with a loss of 4,508 casualties.
 German submarine  was shelled, depth charged and sunk off Shetland by Royal Navy destroyers  and HMS Tirade with the loss of 10 of her 27 crew.
Royal Navy armed merchant cruiser  was sunk by German submarine  off the coast of Ireland with the loss of 49 lives.
The German Naval Airship Service blamed her loss on an accident, while the Royal Air Force claimed one of its flying boats shot her down.
Royal Navy cruiser  struck a mine and was damaged in the North Sea with the loss of seven of her crew.
Austro-Hungarian submarine  was torpedoed and sunk in the Adriatic Sea by an Italian submarine with the loss of all 18 crew.
German submarine  was depth-charged and sunk in the North Sea with the loss of all 26 crew.
German submarine  was shelled and sunk in the Mediterranean Sea with the loss of one of her 34 crew.
The Hutsul force was defeated with a loss of 18 to 41 soldiers killed, 39 to 150 wounded and 400 taken prisoner.
He debuted on July 14, 2012, when he went 90 minutes in a 2–0 loss to the Charlotte Eagles.
On May 12, 2017, Zalmanson recorded a career-high 24 points, shooting 9-of-11 from the field, along with 7 rebounds and 2 steals in a 79–91 loss to Hapoel Holon.
The Gators fell out of the AP Top 25 on October 20 for the first time since the final rankings of the 2011 season, when they won the Gator Bowl, following their third loss of the season to Missouri on October 19.
On 4 June 2014, Bateau started in a 3–0 loss during a send-off series match for Argentina at Estadio Monumental prior to the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
San Francisco drove to the Green Bay 25-yard line on the first drive of the second half, but on third down, linebacker Nick Perry sacked Kaepernick for an 8-yard loss and the 49ers decided to punt rather than attempt a long field goal.
With Arizona out of the Rose Bowl picture after their loss to USC, fans started to lose interest and would shift to basketball due to that team starting the season after a Final Four run the previous season.
Their examination was used as evidence in cases involving unnatural death, suspected premarital loss of virginity, or miscarriage.
With Rafael Nadal's loss in the first round, this also was the first time ever that, when both of them were entered in a Grand Slam, that neither have made it to the second week.
In Week 14, he caught a season-high four passes for a season-high 58 receiving yards in a 13–28 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
During the 2013 season Houston suffered their first ever loss at BBVA Compass Stadium against Sporting Kansas City on May 12, 2013.
On April 6, he set a career high with 20 rebounds in a 91–81 loss to the Clippers.
Insurance loss were amounted at NZ$38.5 million (US$28.5 million).
This is because even if there is no active inflammation, there may still be occult CNV which requires treatment to avoid suffering vision loss.
The film was not a success at the box office, earning $733,000 in the US and Canada and $243,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $867,000.
He made his debut in a 2–1 loss against San Carlos.
He had kept the visual loss a secret, known only to his teammates and close friends until January 17, 2014.
2019 Presidential election campaign and loss of parliament seat
This was the first loss of a Gripen since the type became operational.Stamford, Lincs., UK: Air Forces Monthly, compiled by Dave Allport, November 1999, Number 140, pages 77–78.
Although suffering damage to the port wing leading edge and loss of port wing tank assembly, the F-4C returns safely to Seymour-Johnson AFB near Goldsboro, North Carolina.
The cause of the crash was loss of power to the engine.
In Game 1 of the Bucks' first-round playoff series against the Boston Celtics, Antetokounmpo recorded 35 points, 13 rebounds and seven assists in a 113–107 overtime loss.
While this prophylactic method of preventing disease is profitable because it prevents loss and allows fish to grow more quickly, there are several downsides.
Tests suggest that poor image processing in the automatic (standard) camera mode leads to a quality loss that photos captured through burst mode appear at a higher quality in comparison.
The plant continues to be seen in many places but a loss of habitat and predation in urban areas places this as a threatened species in South Africa.
Schweinsteiger's goal means that Bayern's 2–0 loss last season to Arsenal is the only match in their last 100 matches where they failed to score in a match.
Reducing the number of exterior walls, along with a low vertical surface area to floor area ratio (VFAR) decreases heat loss potential.
The season ended with a 30–7 loss to Oregon in the Alamo Bowl.
 0 points for a loss above 7 points
Following kidney transplantation, the ongoing, uncontrolled, chronic complement activation associated with aHUS causes graft loss in 66% of children and 55% of adults, as well as continued inflammatory and TMA insult to other organs.
Hoping to avenge last year's 43–17 loss, the Bruins are favored to win at home.
This was not only the first away game in Charlotte 49ers football history, but also the first night game and the first road loss.
According to Horizon Power, there was no loss of electricity across Western Australia.
Yedlin made his Premier League debut on April 11, 2015, in a loss to Aston Villa.
He was sent off on 18 December at half time in a 3–1 loss at CD Numancia for protesting with the referee; the season ended with relegation.
 Sugar Hill / Memory Loss (C.I.A.
He made his debut on 13 February 2015 against Unión Española, which ended in a 2–1 loss for Universidad de Chile.
The destruction of the palace in Via San Donato was, however, a great loss for the history of Italian art.
In , Geordi attempts to save his mother from a damaged ship and is forced to deal with his loss.
His maiden appearance in the Primeira Liga with the latter took place on 14 August 2015, when he came on as a late substitute for Luís Machado in a 1–2 home loss to Sporting CP.
In 2021 an investigation revealed that the municipal government had left multiple vehicles with simple issues rusting away resulting in a loss for the town.
Despite her loss, Konjuh reached a career-high ranking of world No.
The next day, he made his D-League debut in a 105–96 loss to the Sioux Falls Skyforce, recording five points, two rebounds and four assists in 21 minutes off the bench.
Worley was injured in the 34–3 loss and was relieved by Nathan Peterman.
Anesthesia causes vasodilatation, which increases blood flow to the surface of the body and thus increases heat loss from the body.
The American submarine USS R-12 was on practice maneuvers when it sank without warning, plunging to the bottom of the sea near Key West, Florida, with the loss of 42 of the 47 people on board.
The loss of these two divisions was blamed on problems of supply caused by the single–track, incomplete railway line from Turkey, which was not completed through the Taurus and Amanus mountains until 1918.
Cora agrees, but during the car ride, she goads Regina over her loss of Henry and the impossibility of reclaiming him with Emma, Mary Margaret, and David in the picture.
In October 1898, he accounted for all five of Carlisle's points in an 18-5 loss to Yale.
It is still able to demonstrate this intensive former use despite the loss of the superstructure of the 1924 roundhouse and the encroachment of the Endeavour Centre on the radial roads of the 1948 roundhouse.
The ship was in a poor state of repair and overloaded, and when she ran aground she quickly sank at the mouth of a gully on the seaward side of the island at the river mouth, with the loss of 44 Portuguese and over 100 slaves.
Jones signed with the Detroit Lions on October 11, 2017, after the Lions' defensive lineman Haloti Ngata suffered an elbow injury during a 24–27 loss against the Carolina Panthers.
The production team chose Osie for having the biggest weight loss difference among the eight eliminated contestants.
He finished the season second on the team with 68 tackles, 31 solo, including 16.5 for a loss.
The next game, McDonald made a season-high six catches for 71 receiving yards and a touchdown during a 19–13 loss to the Arizona Cardinals.
| 2009-10-31 || Loss ||align=left| Hamza Kendircioglu || Ergen Ring Ateşi || Istanbul, Turkey || Decision (unanimous) || 5 ||3:00
Grieving over the loss of their son, the Mazels offer to take some responsibility for their newborn grandson, but Pascal obstinately rejects their offer.
He recorded 45 tackles, including 17 for loss and eleven sacks to go along with three forced fumbles.
The Nauru reed warbler is potentially threatened by introduced predators and habitat loss, and its small range means that it could be vulnerable to chance occurrences, such as tropical cyclones.
Loss of Certification and Public Funds
Ziva certainly has to deal with the loss and the tumultuous familial background that she has...Even with the complexity of what existed between Ziva and Eli, at the end of the day, he was her father and she loved him.
Stomata closure limits various processes, including air exchange, water loss and O2 release.
He was third on the team with 74 tackles on the year, including 4.5 tackles for loss and two interceptions.
After their loss to Clemson in the regular season finale on November 19, the Gamecocks publicly accepted an invitation to play in the Liberty Bowl.
| 2013-03-23 || Loss ||align=left| Danyo Ilunga || Glory 5: London || London, England || KO (flying knee) || 2 || 0:21
 1st Innings loss – 3
Yin made his debut for Chinese national team on 10 January 2017 in a 2-0 loss against Iceland in the 2017 China Cup.
Eventually, due to this loss in revenue, Julius had to file for bankruptcy which resulted in the company being liquidated and sold at auction.
In Stuart, failure of the electric pumps led to loss of telecommunications and the local water supply.
He then started the qualifier loss to Galway at Markievicz Park.
He added one and a half tackles for loss, one fumble recovery, one interception and two pass breakups.
He estimated the loss of revenues, due to banning policies, somewhere between 300–600 million.
| 2015-11-14 || Loss ||align=left| Julius Mocka || KOK World GP 2015 In Vilnius - Heavyweight Tournament Final || Vilnius, Lithuania || TKO (Punches) || 2 || 
Condor was lost in a gale during her first commission, and the contemporary gunnery pioneer Admiral Percy Scott ascribes her sinking to the encumbrance of sails, and furthermore believed that her loss finally convinced that Admiralty to abandon sails entirely.
Note that a loss is not put in place of a vacated win, and a win is not retroactively awarded to the losing team if vacated by the winning team.
He recorded 87 total tackles (62 solo, 25 assisted), including 16 tackles for loss, a sack, four interceptions, seven pass deflections and two forced fumbles.
It was the third plane crash occurring in Elizabeth in less than two months, following the loss of a Miami Airlines C-46 in December and the crash of an American Airlines Convair 240, three weeks earlier.
Loss of mTORC2/Rictor in pancreatic beta cells results in reduced beta cell mass and insulin secretion, and hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance.
The loss of the election may have motivated Mendelssohn to turn his back on Berlin.
He also played in both post-season games, including the 107th Grey Cup where he had four defensive tackles in the loss to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
The close 19-16 loss meant that South Africa won the series 2-1.
The financial situation worsened in 1900–01, with the gates dwindling following the doubling of the entrance fees the previous year from sixpence to a shilling, and the club generated a loss of £740.
Although Hall appeared in good spirits after the loss, the fight was not without controversy.
The tower is over six metres in diameter and was over thirteen metres high until the top collapsed in 2006 with the loss of a window and the upper staircase.
In Week 12, Cyprien recorded six combined tackles and sacked Buffalo Bills' quarterback Tyrod Taylor during a 28-21 loss.
Needing to come to terms with the loss of so many lives in the conflict, particularly those whose remains went unidentified, war memorials – known in France as monuments aux morts, literally "monuments to the dead" – became a focal point and replaced individual graves and gravestones.
If significant evidence of loss or damage is noticed on delivery, the consignee will be entitled to reject the shipment, and may also have the option to cancel the entire contract.
Although the main themes are displacement and the sense of loss in an anonymous metropolis, the setting breathes a striking intimacy.
The Detroit Lions acquired All-Pro defensive tackle Haloti Ngata from the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for draft picks to help make up for the loss of Ndamukong Suh in free agency.
The brigade ended the day  beyond the start line for the loss of  the division was relieved by the 3rd Australian Division on the night of 
Nadal defeated Brazilian Thomaz Bellucci in the first round for the loss of 9 games.
Of the airline's twenty-three major accidents and incidents, four have resulted in the loss of life.
The extent of depletion of water as evaporation loss from the water storages in all man made reservoirs and other works which shall include canals, reservoirs, ponds, tanks, percolation ponds / meadows, sewage treatment plants, water harvesting / ground water recharging works / rainfed cultivated fields with contour bunds, etc.
However, the party faced a setback in governships with a net loss of two.
He played his first professional match on 28 October 2012, coming on as a substitute for Pedro Mosquera for the last 17 minutes of a 2–4 home loss to Sporting de Gijón.
SeaWorld announced afterward it had suffered a $15.9 million loss, which CEO Jim Atchison attributed in part to high ticket prices and poor weather.
Tony Ferguson Weight Loss was located on the lower back of the jersey.
On 14 October Alexander scored his first professional goal, netting the last in a 2–5 away loss against Girona FC.
While awaiting rescue, the crew tried to lower one of the lifeboats, but it crashed into the sea and capsized, resulting in the loss of seven passengers and ten crew.
Despite this loss, he still got a record deal as his song "Turn the Music Up" hit the top of the Ultratop 50 Flanders Singles Chart, and the follow-up "I Wanna Be" also reached #8.
Indigenous people are more likely to feel depression due to several factors such as poverty, loss of cultural identity, inadequate health care and more.
| 2009-07-18 || Loss ||align=left| Jeremiah Metcalf || Cage Combat FC: Rush || San Francisco, California, USA || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 5:00 || 4-1
On February 10, 2015, he scored a season-high 16 points in a loss to the Detroit Pistons.
Every coercive proposal, whether threat, offer or throffer, according to Hunt, contains a simultaneous loss and gain of freedom.
Things take a worse route as Safeer, under his father-in-law's influence, sells of the construction business and starts off a new business which proves to be a huge loss.
The challenges between Atlantis and Último Guerrero led to them being booked in the main event of the March 22, 2013 CMLL Super Viernes show, albeit in a regular one-on-one match and not the "No disqualification" match that Atlantis suggested after their tournament loss.
On October 16, 2016, Burns made a season-high five solo tackles during a 15–30 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
Her injuries were numerous and major, including skull fractures, hearing loss, shattered teeth, and vertebral damage, which required many surgeries and extensive physical therapy.
Where it is the seller who is in mora, the seller becomes liable for all loss, no matter how it comes about.
Despite their semi-final loss, Saputra and Li managed to beat the neighbouring Malaysian duo Koo Kien Keat and Wong Pei Tty for the bronze medal victory, attaining a three-set score of 21–14, 21–23, and 21–6.
Despite the loss, alongside Robert Lindstedt she reached the first mixed-doubles final of her career.
Increased ocean temperatures and oxygen loss act concurrently with ocean acidification and constitute the "deadly trio" of climate change pressures on the marine environment.
As the local mining industry was dying, shareholders of the United Consolidated Mining Company unsuccessfully sued Raht believing that his great wealth must have been created from their loss.
Verdun saw massive loss of life in several battles during the First World War, particularly the Battle of Verdun.
On December 13, 2015, he recorded two solo tackles, deflected a pass, and intercepted St. Louis Rams' quarterback Case Keenum during a 14–21 loss.
Collins recorded a strip/sack for a six-yard loss on quarterback Aaron Rodgers during the fourth quarter.
Other threats identified are the use of pesticides in tea plantation in the watershed, and loss of habitat on account of growing crops such as cardamom, bouquet grass, and horticulture activities on the slopes of the wetland.
He felt that when combined, the singular images form a "powerfully cohesive unit", explaining that "they tell a story, convey emotions (lust, loss, sadness, desire, anger, etc) without speaking a word".
After the loss to Chattanooga in the second week of the season, running back coach Tony Tiller was reassigned to a different position within the athletic department, being replaced by former Indiana State player and graduate assistant Brock Lough.
To maintain their working majority of 50 Senators and their party's Vice President's tie-breaking vote, Republicans could only afford a net loss of one seat in these elections.
The need to build this tunnel was caused by the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931, and the loss of the Chinese Eastern Railway.
He also netted the opening goal in a 1–3 loss to Olympiacos in the first leg of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round on 25 July.
The season opened with a victory at Camp Lejeune and a loss against  before the Spartans won their first home game of the season against .
Hawke attributed the change to loss of confidence in communication.
In many rural areas, local flooding is very common and brings loss of life as well as much local inconvenience to economic and community life.
Scotland had suffered considerable economic disruption during the period of the civil wars, caused by loss of manpower to a dozen armies, free quarter (the billeting of troops on civilians without payment), plunder and heavy taxation.
Due to the PSUV's loss of popularity, the Bolivarian government increased political polarization and began drafting laws to make mechanisms of legal repression against the opposition to maintain power.
In his rookie year, he played fifteen games, recording 39 tackles and six tackles for a loss (TFLs), while being ranked fourth among rookies with 4.5 sacks.
The disproportionate number of Republican retirements may have harmed Republican prospects in the 2018 mid-term elections due to the loss of incumbency advantage.
A victory for Warwickshire against Nottinghamshire gave the defending champions a faint hope of being able to retain their title, while more realistic title hopefuls Yorkshire completed an innings defeat against Derbyshire, their seventh loss in ten games.
The loss of his favorite son was a blow to the aging King Heraclius and the regular army which Levan had commanded gradually crumbled after his death.
He also indicated that the A10 was preparing for the upcoming loss of Charlotte.
Advertisements for products "such as diets, cosmetics, and exercise gear [help] the media construct a dream world of hopes and high standards that incorporates the glorification of slenderness and weight loss."
For the 2017 State of Origin series, Klemmer played in all 3 matches off the interchange bench in the Blues 2-1 series loss.
As expected, he began the season as the Raiders' starting running back and had 11 attempts for 44 yards in the season-opening 33–13 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals.
This was their third overtime game of the season, but their first overtime loss since 2002.
Elias  was killed in action in Quang Tri Province on May 29, 1968, when a grenade he and his team were rigging as a booby trap on an enemy trail accidentally exploded causing the loss of his life and that of Cpl.
The streak was broken with a loss at Duke in Cameron Indoor Stadium.
On October 13, 2017 Moreno scored his first league goal for Dorados in a 2-1 loss to Cafetaleros de Tapachula.
The Story So Far's contribution was a cover of the A Loss for Words track "Wrightsville Beach".
Day three of the preliminary round saw the first loss for the Australians, 5–4 to the Dutch.
He got the start in Portland's next cup match, a 2–0 loss to Real Salt Lake.
Cronin had thought that the compromise to install a new team by 1971 would be acceptable to them as compensation for the loss of the Athletics.
In round 2 of the 2013 NRL season, Toutai made his NRL debut for the Eels against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, replacing injured winger Ken Sio in the Eels 20-16 loss at ANZ Stadium.
This was the last World Series to feature players born in the 20th century,this was a special season now that the Chula Vista LL mourns loss of Pietla Wiggs,who played for the West region in the 2013 season,due to a car accident.
| 2013-11-23 || Loss ||align=left| Wayne Barrett || Glory 12: New York - Lightweight World Championship Tournament || New York City, New York, US || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 || 14–6
In the late 1840s, Caroline began producing Mrs. Putnam's Medicated Hair Tonic, which was widely sold and advertised as a medicine to stop hair loss.
Tumors with loss of ER and PR no longer respond to tamoxifen or other anti-estrogen treatments, and while cancer cells remain somewhat responsive to estrogen synthesis inhibitors, they eventually become unresponsive to endocrine manipulation and no longer dependent on estrogen for growth.
The Bears opened the month with a 5–1 loss against Norfolk on December 1, even though the Admirals allowed nine power plays.
As the starting Taiwan right fielder, Chang hit .154/.233/.192 in the 2008 Olympics and made a throwing error that allowed Wei Sun to score the winning run in Taiwan's stunning loss to China.
A planned migration of customer records from the Lloyds Banking Group platform to the Sabadell Proteo platform commencing on 20 April 2018 resulted in the loss of internet and mobile banking services for many customers for at least a week.
He made his debut on 10 March 2013, coming on as a 46th-minute substitute in a 4–0 loss to Vissel Kobe.
Hurley's efforts were met with open hostility and she suffered from fatigue and weight loss.
Lastly, sudden and drastic changes in economic environments and the loss of social safety nets, in particular social subsidies and food stamps, have also been linked to higher levels of alcohol consumption and psychological stress among men, leading to a spike in male mortality rates.
The session was red flagged 15 minutes in when Esteban Gutiérrez had a loss of control at the rear of his Sauber's braking through the turn three and four chicane.
As a result of his loss, Raven was fired from TNA in the storyline.
Eventually it is determined that the various personalities of Del-Del are in fact products of Sam's overactive mind, the result of his inability to accept the loss of his sister.
I explain my contrasting viewpoint pretty extensively in the notes, but simply put, I think Achor creates a false dichotomy between having a growth mindset and approaching the world with a “positive mental attitude” (as Gonzales might put it), and using a margin of safety to overcome loss aversion."
He netted his first goal for the club on 1 August 2015, scoring the opener in a 2–3 away league loss at Novi Pazar.
After her loss, Brents took to social media to convey her thoughts on the experience of fighting Fox: "I've fought a lot of women and have never felt the strength that I felt in a fight as I did that night.
Rather than attempting to recover lost packets, other techniques involve anticipating data loss, manipulating the data prior to transmission.
Natural deterioration and a lack of funding to pay for repairs could lead to the loss of existing non-motorized small boat access locations over time.
His first professional match occurred two days later, a 1–5 loss against Real Madrid.
On September 24, 2017, he recorded a season-high seven combined tackles during a 26–30 loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
The subsequent court-martial at Minorca absolved Boyle of any blame, attributing the loss to the "great incorrectness" of the available charts.
Li Jiji, meanwhile, also took the initiative to execute the Former Shu general Wang Chengxiu (王承休) and Wang Chengxiu's deputy Wang Zongrui (王宗汭) himself, believing that Wang Chengxiu and Wang Zongrui were responsible for unnecessary loss of life.
On 17 August 2012, at the age of 35 years and five months, Blanco played his first match as a professional, in a 0–1 home loss against SD Huesca.
As it passes, the energy loss (dissipation) is completely offset by the energy input from the elements of the active medium.
On 29 September 2018, Arjun released a statement: the loss of his wife Natasha Sandhu.
Surinam became the most important colony in the Americas for the Netherlands after the loss of Dutch Brazil in 1654.
In the semifinals, they faced the team of Casey Dellacqua and Francesca Schiavone and won easily with a loss of only two games.
Baltimore would ultimately suffer a 34-17 defeat in what would be the team's worst home field loss of the John Harbaugh era.
He started both ways as a sophomore on the offensive and defensive lines, and recorded 73 tackles, including five tackles for loss as a defensive tackle during his sophomore season in 2006.
Weiss's work focuses on this lack of articulation, "the moment when language collapses in face of the loss of the ability to signify."
Historically known as the "Terrible Swedes", the sport began at Bethany in 1893 when the college played two games and finished with a record of one win and one loss.
The engine was cooled unevenly, and showed significant power loss in hot weather.
The Spanish soldier and writer Carlos Coloma set the Spanish loss as 19 men killed and claimed that the Dutch force lost three flags and about 400 serviceable horses.
Cal claims a loss to Oregon as a victory, as "Oregon forfeited due to ineligible player."
As a result, many USALJs have retired or plan to retire within the next few years, resulting in a loss of experienced judges throughout the federal government.
To lessen the impact of the loss of independence, the Russian government appointed as the first exarch a Georgian, Varlaam Eristavi, who was relieved of his duties in 1817 due to his delays in implementing new policies.
Odelusi scored his second Coventry City goal in the next game on 7 March 2015, in a 3–2 loss against Port Vale and scored again two weeks later on 14 March 2015, in a 3–2 win over Chesterfield.
The title loss was part of a long running storyline between the two teams, a storyline that later saw Los Temerarios defeat Los Arqueros del Espacio, in this case Robin Hood, Danny Boy, and Lasser, in a Luchas de Apuetas match.
From 1985 to 1992, a win was worth one point, a draw half a point and a loss zero points.
Having struck her colours, she sunk within minutes, with the loss of most of her crew.
The original Cardigan lifeboat station was built in 1849 (on the south side of the River Teifi estuary below Penrhyn Castle) after the loss of the crew from the brig Agnes Lee.
The fifth and final chapter of the document deals with the miscellaneous, including the procedure for determination and notification of loss of nationality and a list of previous Acts and parts thereof to be repealed and superseded.
Some are going through denial while others are trying to cope with the loss.
On January 3, 2018, Holiday led Chicago with 26 points in a 124–115 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
Following Sweden's loss of Estonia to the Russian Empire during the Great Northern War, religious freedom was introduced by the new authorities.
After appearing in the first 11 games of the 2014–15 season, Gordon was ruled out indefinitely on November 16 after he fractured a bone in his left foot in the Magic's loss to the Washington Wizards the night before.
Receiving multiple concussions can lead to long-term memory loss, psychiatric disorders, brain damage and other neurological disorders.
The loss of the English-held port of Sluis revealed the inability of Leicester to assert his authority over the Dutch allies, who failed to cooperate successfully in relieving the town, and led to recriminations between the governor-general and the States of Holland.
Kudoa are most well-known for the economic loss they cause for the commercial fishing and aquaculture industries.
When Wolverhampton Wanderers's accounts covering the 2017–18 season were published on 5 March 2019, they recorded a pre-tax loss of £57.16 million, of which around £20 million was due to bonuses paid to staff and players for achieving promotion to the Premier League.
He went on to make nine competitive appearances for the first team, his Segunda División debut coming on 17 September 2011 in a 3–1 home loss against Real Murcia where he played 90 minutes.
Vincent made his competitive debut for D.C. United on 23 February, in a 0–2 loss against Querétaro F.C.
It discussed how the changes to peoples' lives caused by illness and disability is not always a loss.
Viney played in the first two matches for 2015 before fracturing his fibula in the round two loss to Greater Western Sydney at StarTrack Oval.
In Round 1 of the 2015 NRL season, Milford made his club debut for Brisbane at five-eighth against the South Sydney Rabbitohs in Brisbane's 36–6 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Ecologically near-sterile obstacles to migration, coupled with longstanding biome and habitat loss are significant.
Pulido represented Spain at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, appearing in a 0–1 loss against East Germany for an eventual group stage exit.
Iran's first game of Group F was played against Yugoslavia, a 1–0 loss instigated by a Siniša Mihajlović free-kick.
The loss of ecclesiastical patronage that resulted from the Reformation, created a crisis for native craftsmen and artists, who turned to secular patrons.
He had a productive senior season with 73 tackles, 27 tackles for loss, and 15 sacks in nine games, and was a finalist for Mr. Football in South Carolina.
The next loss occurred on 28 April 1980 when the engine of TA-4G 878 failed while it was preparing to land at HMAS Albatross.
On November 13, 2015, he earned a season-high ten combined tackles in a 28–7 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
In Week 16 against the Miami Dolphins, Williams recorded a team high 13 tackles and sacked Ryan Fitzpatrick once during the 38–35 overtime loss.
| 2012-06-08 || Loss ||align=left| Yuta Kubo || Krush.19|| Tokyo, Japan || Decision|| 3 || 3:00
As brave as she is vulnerable, she suffered a great loss at the age of 19, undertook theology studies, devoted her life to God and is now in charge of a refuge for prostitutes where she was like a second mother to Adèle, Jo's daughter, when she was living there.
He was promoted to shadow minister for roads and ports in 1992 upon Labor's loss of government, but was dumped in a reshuffle in December 1993.
Following the loss the Crimson Tide would go in to win the next twelve games including the 2015 Cotton Bowl Playoff Semifinal 38-0 over Michigan State and winning the 2016 College Football Playoff National Championship over undefeated Clemson 45-40 to claim Alabama's 16th National Championship and Saban's fourth national championship at the Capstone.
Alabama would avenge the 2017 loss, rolling over Auburn, 52–21 in Tuscaloosa in 2018.
In March 2013, the trade magazine Resumé reported that despite increasing circulation Fokus had made a projected loss of approximately 88 million SEK from 2005 until 2012.
Due to this loss, Vice-Admiral Robert FitzRoy introduced a warning service for shipping in February 1861, using telegraph communications.
A power-to-methane system combines hydrogen from a power-to-hydrogen system with carbon dioxide to produce methane (see natural gas) using a methanation reaction such as the Sabatier reaction or biological methanation resulting in an extra energy conversion loss of 8%, the methane may then be fed into the natural gas grid if the purity requirement is reached.
During his college career, he appeared in 58 games, starting 34 of them, and accumulated 154 tackles (113 solo), six tackles for loss, 17 pass break-ups, and eight interceptions.
On March 11, 2017, Clark set a new career high with 36 points in a 107–85 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
He made his debut for the Pelicans later that night, recording 13 points, 5 rebounds and 4 assists in 24 minutes off the bench in a 100–92 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
The loss of Mons proved irreversible.
The Order was weakened by the loss of most of their revenue during the French Revolution.
Three days later, Đurđević played 62 minutes on his Champions League debut, before being replaced by Emenike again in an eventual 3–2 home loss to Sporting CP.
On the republican side the cause of the loss of the north were analyzed, the article entitled Why the North was lost?
On December 5, 2015, he scored a career-high 14 points in a 112–109 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
He lost the fight via TKO in the second round; the first loss of his UFC career.
On September 10, 2017, in the season opening 35–23 loss to the Detroit Lions, Williams came into the game in relief of injured running back David Johnson.
Her memoir A Loss for Words received a Christopher Award for high standards in Communication.
They filed a lawsuit against Captain Johnstone, for the loss of earnings brought about by his taking of the ship's crew, but it is not recorded what the result of the case was.
In particular, even though a linear memory is only subject to photon loss errors, it also experiences dephasing once coupled to a non-linear ancillary system.
This was the first match in which Scotland failed to score any points against England since their 15–0 loss in 1978.
Despite the loss, Chelsea still remained four points ahead of nearest rivals Liverpool in the standings.
Patients in need of powered orthoses may have pathological conditions such as muscle weakness or spasticity, brain injury, or sensory loss, or they may have suffered an athletic injury or a number of different maladies.
After the loss from a year before, against Sporting CP, Turda had the power to come back stronger, winning the first major trophy for the city from Cluj county.
Giant and supergiant stars are somewhat less massive than the most massive main sequence O-type stars due to mass loss, but are still among the most massive stars known.
 Athena Karkanis as Dani Kahlil, a Detroit homicide detective hoping to help Frank with his loss, but leery of his actions
Plasma loss processes; the rotating wall method 
On December 16, 2017, he was carted off the field after suffering a hamstring injury in the first half of the Chargers' 30-13 loss at the Kansas City Chiefs.
Salvage estimators valued the earthquake-damaged hotel before the fire at $285,000 and after the fire at $15,000, a loss of $270,000.
Unfortunately, he did not fare nearly as well, giving up four runs on four hits, including three home runs, despite striking out five, leading to his exit after two-plus innings in an eventual 5-1 Oakland loss.
Havili played 1 match for Tonga in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup in Tonga's opening match against Scotland, playing at hooker in Tonga's 26–24 loss at Derwent Park.
On December 12, with Japanese landings on Luzon, the Navy ordered the ship to sail to avoid loss, with the ship sailing for Fremantle, Australia, December 13, 1941, to discharge cargo that was still aboard.
According to him, the capture of the airport would have relieved the pressure on the rebels in the area, but their loss of Abel made the situation more complicated.
One of the sites is under threat from encroachment by cattle, and the species in general is believed to be impacted by loss of suitable habitat and the proliferation of invasive vegetation.
In October 1941 she was with convoy SC 48, which saw the loss of nine merchant ships and two escorts in a four-day battle.
The automatic court-martial found him innocent of the loss of his ship.
In Game 5 of the Hawks' first round playoff series against the Washington Wizards, Schröder led the Hawks with 29 points, making a career high-tying five 3s, and 11 assists in a 103–99 loss.
Authors show that excluding roots and mycorrhizal fungi resulted in net carbon loss, and that the result could not be explained by soil disturbance effects.
Since the activated system is unstable, the process of activation is reversible—resulting in deactivation, re-crystallization, entropy loss and energy output of system.
He rushed 135 times for 997 yards and nine touchdowns as a senior, and also recorded 89 tackles, 12 tackles for loss, five interceptions, one sack and seven forced fumbles on defense.
This loss ended Serena's 21 match winning streak in the event.
At night, the shinsulator can be repositioned over the roof pond to minimize heat loss to the environment, allowing gathered energy to radiate into the building.
In the wake of this loss, Australia competed in the 1967 South Vietnam Independence Cup as they were put in Group A with the host nation (South Vietnam), Singapore and New Zealand.
He unsuccessfully nominated for the position of Liberal deputy leader in the Legislative Council following the 1999 election loss, losing to Bill Forwood.
Following the mask loss Alvarado would at times wrestle as "El Arquero" ("The Archer") when teaming with Danny Boy and Lasser.
After a first successful defense of the belt in a bout against Mexican Ruben Padilla, he lost the second defense, suffering his 2nd professional defeat in a 2-round stoppage loss to world title contender and knockout artist Adonis "Superman" Stevenson in Montreal, Canada.
The Ravens were eliminated from playoff contention with the loss.
In Week 2 of the 2020 season against the Tennessee Titans, Thompson recorded his first receiving touchdown as a Jaguar during the 33–30 loss.
He began his rookie season as the backup tight end behind Jeron Mastrud and caught two passes for 26-yards in a season opening loss to the Indianapolis Colts.
On September 15, 2015, the Houston Texans placed Griffin on injured reserve with a designation to return after he sustained a knee injury during their season-opening 27–20 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
After sweeping Nebraska-Omaha in the first round of the playoffs, the Huskies suffered a season-ending loss to North Dakota in the quarterfinal.
In the game, Williams recorded a team high 9 tackles and sacked Lamar Jackson once in the 26-23 loss.
This was Austria Wien's third loss of the season against Red Bull Salzburg after losing 5–1 and 2–1 earlier in the season.
After he overcame that loss and suicidal impulses ("Perhaps he didn't commit suicide then because he couldn't conceive of a method that fit the pure and intense feelings he had towards death.
In the 2008 election, the ÖVP lost its majority for the first time in history, winning 40.5% of votes cast (a loss of 9.4pp).
A characteristic chlorosis, which develops from the loss of chlorophyll, and the downiness that gives the genus its popular name, are the two most common symptoms.
The loss or altercation of behaviors such as these can have devastating effects on released animals.
Repeated imaging of a single sample would only amplify this loss, as antibody removal is commonly accomplished via the same detergent process that creates the original sample.
He joined Colchester United in the summer of 1968, making his first-team debut on the opening day of the 1968–69 season, a 4–0 loss to Brentford on 10 August 1968.
But poor conditions of travel to Europe, room and board, and the loss of form for going several days without training because of the long journey had its price.
The ruling People's Party (PP) emerged once again as the largest political force in the region, but it saw a substantial drop in its vote support and the loss of the absolute majority it had held almost uninterruptedly since 1995—with a brief interlude in 2003—.
 Feelings of personal loss
Their advantages depend on the exact types being compared, but can include low loss and a better range of characteristic impedance.
Williams improved on his performance in 2012, accumulating 31 tackles, eight for a loss, six sacks, and a blocked kick while starting all eleven games.
Chris becomes furious at Meg for the loss of his own face, now unable to frown due to the transplant.
Degradation occurs in part due to attacks by sulfates, corrosion, and expansion of steel reinforcements, leaching and loss of calcium, and other various chemical interactions caused by interaction with the water table.
Themes include the loss of family and caring for others in need.
Later during Lazaro's funeral, Glenn reappears again to pay his respect and express his grief over the loss of the only father he had known.
English Mayanist J. Eric Thompson contextualized the actions of the excavators by stating "...even granting partial demolition was a wrong decision, the loss to mankind is not too serious."
The Stags were able to roll through the conference with only a single loss, coming against the Dogfish in week six, 17-18.
17 Northwestern followed by a 59–3 blowout loss to Iowa.
Dollar Lines surveyed the ship and concluded that she would be a constructive total loss.
He made his debut for the Suns four days later, recording 7 points, 5 assists, 2 rebounds and 1 steal in a 116–97 loss to the Indiana Pacers.
| 2013-04-27 || Loss ||align=left| Laurene Pumpanmuang ||  || Ko Samui, Thailand || Points || 4 || 2:00 ||   
 Maximal weight loss after banded and unbanded laparoscopic roux-en Y gastric bypass: a randomized controlled trial.
Following the mask loss Martinez returned to using the Bombero Infernal name after spending six years under other names.
Eugene then created history by scoring Bengaluru FC's first ever goal in Asian continental club competition in an AFC Champions League qualifier against Johor Darul Ta'zim of Malaysia in a 2–1 loss, directly from a corner.
The season ends with the deaths of most of the Primes, but also with the loss of Abby Griffin and Marcus Kane.
Macrae had one of his lowest disposal counts for the season in the team's 3-point Elimination Final loss to .
Finally, the mouse accedes to the help, although is still concerned about a potential loss of liberty and life which will accompany being tied to the paddock as they cross the water; she makes the paddock swear an oath that she will assist her in crossing.
Although it was Sheffield Wednesday's first loss of their pre-season it was still seen as a good workout.
| 2015-11-06 || Loss ||align=left| Serhiy Adamchuk || Glory 25: Milan || Monza, Italy || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00 || 11-3
Without loss of generality  can be taken greater than .
| 2015-06-30|| Loss ||align=left| Saensatharn P.K.
About 85% of the banana crop was lost, along with the loss of 60% of melons, 60% of sugar cane, and 58% of corn.
It may result in fitness loss because of the waste of time, energy, and nutrients.
While his back turned, Zeke pulls the chips away to leave only one to spare Cedric the loss.
However, the data provided by MRI volume studies indicate that not all crewmembers, despite utilization of various exercise countermeasures, escape the loss in muscle mass that has been documented during most of the history of U.S. human spaceflight since Project Mercury.
The collective observations clearly show that these types of muscle undergo significant reductions in muscle mass (muscle weight) along with a concomitant loss in total protein and myofibrillar (the fraction that is composed of the contractile machinery of structural proteins) protein content of the targeted muscles.
On 29 January 1978, Blanco scored his first and only goal in the top tier, in a 1–2 home loss to Valencia CF.
An estimate made by Kepler Chevreux puts the loss in value of the fossil fuel companies due to the impact of the growing renewables industry at US$28 trillion over the next two decades.
 October 19, 1987: S&P 500 registers its largest daily percentage loss, falling 20.47 percent.
Following a two-month absence, Buchnevich recorded five points in three games, including three in a 7–6 loss to the Dallas Stars.
In contrast to Greek depictions of the couple enjoying the luxury and delight of love, Roman paintings and sarcophagi almost always frame their love at the moment of loss, with the death of Adonis in Aphrodite's arms posing the question of resurrection.
Other features include AMG door sill panels, AMG floor mats, AMG sports pedals in brushed stainless steel with rubber studs, Ambient lighting, Attention Assist, Collision Prevention Assist, COMAND Online, 10 loudspeakers with Frontbass, Metallic paintwork, Pre-Safe Plus, Tyre pressure loss warning system, LED High-Performance headlamps, DISTRONIC PLUS (Driving Assistance package Plus, Night View Assist Plus).
Stanojević made his international debut for the Serbian B team in a friendly 3–0 loss to Qatar.
In the 2013 game against #1 Alabama, Evans caught seven passes for a school-record 279 yards in the 49–42 loss.
Evans then led all NFL receivers in Week 8 with 179 yards (a career second-best) on six receptions in a 37–34 loss to Cincinnati, which included a career-long 72 yard reception for a touchdown in the fourth quarter.
TV's loss is music's gain."
In Round 2 against the Wests Tigers, he scored his first club try for Manly in the 36-22 loss at Leichhardt Oval.
there is little in the way of information about these matches, but Rigzhung must have been successful as they competed again in the A-Division the following season, although their only known result was a 9–0 loss to Transport United.
Dead Opposite: The Lives and Loss of Two American Boys.
26 September – David MacBrayne's paddle steamer Grenadier (1885) catches fire and sinks at her overnight mooring in Oban with the loss of three crew.
The game equalled Brazil's biggest margin of defeat, a 6–0 loss to Uruguay in 1920, and it broke a 62-match home unbeaten streak in competitive matches going back to the 1975 Copa América, where they lost 3–1 to Peru in the same exact stadium of this match.
The CNIB Chanchlani Global Vision Research Award is an annual global research award that promotes vital world-class research to explore the causes of blindness and vision loss, as well as potential cures, treatments and preventions.
That was his third straight first round loss at a grand slam event.
15 October – World War I: Protected cruiser  is torpedoed by German submarine U-9 off Aberdeen, sinking in under ten minutes with the loss of 524 crew and only seventy survivors.
Since the rephasing is only possible if the polarizations remain coherent, the loss of coherence can be determined by measuring the decay of the photon echo amplitude with increasing time delay.
On January 3, 2017, he recorded career highs of 22 points and 18 rebounds in a 99–90 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
An A5 Grand Final loss in 1985 to Salisbury College resulted in promotion to A4 and was directly followed by the A4 premiership in 1986.
They were then eliminated from the medals by a 360-80 loss to the Rose City Rollers, and finished their weekend by winning their consolation game against Ann Arbor Roller Derby 255-105.
He lost via submission in the third round, the first loss of his career.
Kitten finds out and physically intimidates Arbor into stealing a specific piece of high voltage electric power transmission wire to make up for his loss.
He made 21 saves in the 3–2 loss to the Capitals.
In Round 2 against the Brisbane Broncos in the Queensland derby match, Mclean scored his first club try for the Cowboys in the 24–20 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
Charles D'Angelo (born October 24, 1985) is an American weight loss and personal development coach.
González had hoped to get a championship match with Bowe when Bowe was still the WBA and IBF Heavyweight champion, but Bowe's loss to Evander Holyfield in their 1993 rematch prevented the bout from taking place.
In his third game, on 21 October, Simmons recorded 18 points, 10 rebounds, and eight assists in a 128–94 loss to the Toronto Raptors, joining Oscar Robertson as the only players ever to post 10-plus points, 10-plus rebounds, and 5-plus assists in their first three NBA games.
So, peak loss occurs away from endwall.
This, combined with the late-Tang wars that eventually extended into Later Liang's wars with Later Tang's predecessor state Jin that led to the destruction and loss of records, caused many people who wanted official positions to forge them, including altering their family members' commission certificates to appear to be their own.
On 5 August 2017, Maraš made his 100th league appearance for Rad in a 1–2 loss to Mladost Lučani.
He made his NHL debut on November 16, 2015 in a 4–3 overtime loss to the Montreal Canadiens.
He then had a first-round loss at the MercedesCup to John Millman despite winning the first set.
In the second week of play Vanderbilt defeated the Mercer Baptists 42–0, Mercer's worst loss of the year.
His La Liga debut occurred on 5 January 2003 when he came on as 66th-minute substitute for Albert Riera in a 0–1 away loss against Sevilla FC, and on 27 November of that year he started in a 1–1 home draw to FC Copenhagen in the UEFA Cup.
After the contract was over he would be reinstated in the navy without any loss of rank or pay.
Kelvin's late winner would mark the first time Benfica would suffer a loss in the 2012–13 Primeira Liga campaign.
This change occurred before the loss of final consonants (if any), as vowels that were originally followed by a consonant were not lost.
The Asian elephant of southern and south east Asia is endangered, threatened by the Ivory trade, habitat loss and conflict with farmers.
The Detroit Innovation District is a cross-sector initiative dedicated to curbing the city's economic decline and population loss through the attraction of technology companies to Detroit's downtown and midtown area.
That year Stopera and the team competed in the 2011 United States Men's Curling Championship, finishing fourth after a playoff loss to Todd Birr.
In November 2019 he was charged by the FA with violent conduct after a mêlée in a 4–3 home loss to Bristol Rovers, but later cleared.
The team continued to defy expectations throughout the first two weeks of the season, adding two wins and an overtime loss to stand at 3–0–2.
 is the pressure loss
The Blues Central Division lead evaporated after their fourth consecutive loss on April 10, while the Colorado Avalanche won, tying the Blues with 111 points, but having the season's head-to-head advantage over the Blues.
61 of its original 91 bird species has been lost leading to many native forest plants not being able to reproduce because of loss of seed dispersal and pollination.
Jackson and his trainer Pat Burns blamed Jackson's loss to Ruddock on lack of training and vowed to be ready when it came time to face Lewis.
Finally, Lionel Jospin, who had announced his political retirement after the loss of his parliamentary seat in 1993, came back and proposed to "take stock" of Mitterrand's inheritance.
Miraculously, the crew, which included seven armed guards, escaped into lifeboats without a single loss of life.
Besides, individuals are more honest in understanding when they are in face-to-face interaction than in video call due to the potential loss of face issues for the non-native language speakers during the video call.
Ninian MacMorran was compensated for the loss of his best damask napkins during the banquet.
Cochlear implants are used to treat severe to profound hearing loss by electrically stimulating the hearing nerve.
According to the Department of State, the BIMC is charged with "eliminating the potential for disruption or loss of telecommunications between the Department and its mission abroad".
The company also reported net income of $322 million for the year after posting a loss in 2019.
Reactions of internet users in China were mixed between viewing a loss of freedom worldwide and seeing state surveillance coming out of secrecy.
This was the 4th loss in-a-row in a derby game which never happened before.
He debuted in a 3-2 home loss against Atlético Bucaramanga.
He scored for the first time in the competition on 31 October of the same year, but in a 3–1 away loss to Real Madrid.
Its loss during this campaign was 78 in killed, wounded and missing.
By inserting an elastic cord in the pipe, it is easy and quick to assemble and disassemble without loss.
Speaking about Cortana's fate in Halo 4, O'Connor stated that Halo 4s story was focused on the effect that Cortana's sacrifice and loss would have on the Master Chief.
In shallow water, waves may generate pore pressure build-up in the soil, which may lead to flow slide, and repeated impact on a platform may cause liquefaction, and loss of support.
On 4 September, Al Ain kicked off League Cup with a disappointing 3–1 away loss to Baniyas.
The narration shifts to the life of the girl and her mother since the girl's loss of vision.
He retired from the game in 1938 after a loss of confidence in his own fielding, having scored exactly 7,000 runs.
 Dynamic susceptibility contrast (DSC): Gadolinium contrast is injected, and rapid repeated imaging (generally gradient-echo echo-planar T2 weighted) quantifies susceptibility-induced signal loss.
Each has focussed on different cancer sites respectively to assess the impact in reducing the following principal side-effects - Xerostomia (dry mouth), hearing loss, long-term or permanent damage to the larynx and difficult in swallowing.
They lost 3–1 in their first league loss since December.
Their best finish was sixth place in the regular season with a loss in the quarterfinals in the 1995-96 season.
The seed oil is applied to the hair to prevent hair loss.
However, his fight against Darnell Boone in October 2010 ended in the eighth round with a loss by one point.
These were very popular and in 1877 Halfpenny Bridge, a pedestrian toll bridge, crossing the River Avon from Bath Spa railway station to Widcombe collapsed with the loss of about 10 lives amongst a large crowd going to the show in Sydney Gardens.
He was the heir to a great inheritance, but his  extravagance led to the loss of all his Irish estates.
Initial contemporary reports estimated a loss of life of 'about 10,000', and later reports suggest it was 16,000, or '5% of the 320,000-strong population in Hong Kong at that time'
On April 15, 2013, the #1-seeded Mavericks' 2013–14 season ended with a 4–3 Double Overtime loss to the #8-seeded Arizona Sundogs at home in Independence in Game 6 of the Ray Miron President's Cup Playoffs Opening round.
In 2013, he helped the club finish the league as the runners-up with only one loss throughout the whole season.
The apparent loss of blood could be explained by internal hemorrhaging and pooling of blood at the bottom of the corpse.
He debuted on 3 May 2016 against Napoli in a 2–1 loss.
The first loss of the Bundesliga season came on 28 September against SV Werder Bremen with Bayern losing 0–1.
On 4 May 2020 Carriageworks Ltd, the company that operates the venue, declared it would be entering voluntary administration and closing, citing an “irreparable loss of income” due to government bans on events during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the consequent negative impact on the arts sector.
These smaller devices look like hearing aids but are far simpler and do not correct hearing loss.
Santos played his first match in the Portuguese top flight on 12 August 2018 at the age of 33 years and nine months, coming on as a late substitute in a 1–0 away loss to C.S.
Two members of the community were so upset about the removal that they deleted bequests to the library from their wills, producing an $80,000 loss in potential revenue.
In Round 24 against the Brisbane Broncos, Napa again got himself into trouble and was sin-binned, coincidentally the same way like the previous match against the Broncos, leading in with his head but this time knocking out Broncos hooker Andrew McCullough unconscious during the Roosters 22–8 loss at Sydney Football Stadium.
Recruit'' broke in two and sank quickly with the loss of 39 men, 4 officers and 22 crewmen were rescued.
SeeAbility (formerly School for the Indigent Blind and Royal School for the Blind) is a UK charity that provides support and campaigns for better eye care for people with learning disabilities, autism and sight loss.
He had his debut at the South American Rugby Championship, at 7 October 1979, in a 53-6 loss to Chile, in Viña del Mar.
Fritz witnesses the bloody battle with his own eyes and sees firsthand the loss of lives and destruction of property that war brings.
The loss on this account could be an additional burden of £40 per lamb on the farmers.
This suggests that the pathogenesis of long-recognized radiation-induced cognitive injury may involve loss of neural precursor cells from the SGZ of the hippocampal dentate gyrus and alterations in neurogenesis.”
Life Is Peoples lyrics were described by Thom Jurek as "bittersweet reflections on wasted life, loss, death, grief, environmental apocalypse, and human frailty ... balanced by themes that affirm tolerance, healing, love, and spiritual redemption."
In 1985, he took over a dilapidated building in Beverly Hills and opened the Leisuredome Gymnasium (The Natural Physique Centre) where he specialized in natural bodybuilding and weight loss.
However, there are few issues, such as time synchronization error, data loss, and dealing with large amounts of harvested data, which all limit the implementation of full-fledged systems.
By 10 June 2013, the security of Gillard's position as leader was plunged into doubt following the loss of significant support in the Labor caucus, as well as persistently bad opinion polling that indicated Labor could be left with the low number of 40 seats in the House of Representatives.
Her loss prompted a walkout by approximately 20 Black members of the house and senate, in protest over the confirmation of a white lawyer with no judicial experience over a black judge with over 20 years on the bench.
One boat apiece was sunk in 1944 and 1945 and another was so badly damaged that it was written off as a constructive total loss and later  scrapped.
On November 20, he was acquired by the Canton Charge and that night he made his debut in a 103–96 loss to the Westchester Knicks, recording four points and three rebounds in 19 minutes off the bench.
The loss of pitch control was caused by the entrapment of a pointed, asphalt-covered object between the leading edge of the right elevator and the right horizontal spar web access door in the aft part of the stabilizer.
The Raptors responded to the loss with a 100–95 win in Game 2 to even the series 1–1.
Participants in the meeting argued that demolishing the building would be a historical loss and expressed frustration that useful small businesses had been lost to the community in order to build more residential units.
for 10 full seasons before his own resignation in February 1971, after an 82–80 loss to Pace.
Takanohana's loss would deny him a promotion to yokozuna this time around.
In every format Eden, the cautionary tale, is made newly relevant by the ticking clock of climate change, habitat loss and extinction.
In doing so, he explains the reasons for the steady loss of readership in the US over the last 60 years, and questions why this originally American art form flourishes more successfully in France, Japan, the Netherlands and Germany.
Nieves is a T12/B2 track and field athlete, who took up athletics at the age of 17 following sudden onset vision loss.
| 2014-04-01 || Loss ||align=left| Koya Urabe || Best of Fight || Guéret, France || Decision (unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
Navy was coming off a loss to Arizona State in the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl in 2012.
The ensuing battle, which ended in stalemate, caused such a loss of life the place was called Slain Hollow (which later became the estate's oriental water garden).
In Round 17 of the 2013 NRL season, Oates made his NRL debut for the Brisbane Broncos against the Melbourne Storm, coming off the interchange bench in Brisbane's 32–0 loss at AAMI Park.
As a child, DeLeon struggled academically after sustaining unrecognized hearing loss related to a sulfa antibiotic.
Due to visa issues, Boakai was unable to appear for UTA for over a month before making his debut on 10 November 2017 as a 71st-minute substitute in a 2-1 loss to Târgu Mureș.
The phenomenon is known also under the names of "stability loss delay for dynamical bifurcations" and "ghost attractor".
Salazar made his first league appearance for the Dynamo on 22 June, coming on as a sub in a 4–0 loss to the Portland Timbers.
The book offers a formula for weight loss that health equals nutrients divided by calories.
Wyatt went on to accept Cena's challenge for a WrestleMania match, with Cena successfully resisting the urge to become a "monster" and overcoming interference from Harper and Rowan to defeat Wyatt at WrestleMania XXX April 6, thus marking Wyatt's first pinfall loss on WWE's main roster.
While Ford ultimately would extend federal loans to the city to prevent it from falling into bankruptcy, the damage to Ford's reputation in New York City may have contributed to his poor performance in the city and his narrow loss of the state overall.
The disaster is the third worst for loss of life to occur within the South Wales Coalfield.
Though widely praised by critics and considered a standard work on the subject, given the amount of time he devoted to the project it was a net financial loss for Sabin.
Manhattan Life Insurance paid out a quarter of the total loss and made a $432 profit.
After the loss of its colonies, Spain played a minor role in international affairs.
Though the Saints clinched the NFC South crown, the last-second loss effectively dropped the Saints from the #3 seed in the NFC playoffs to the #4 seed.
He made his debut on 20 June 2007 in a 4–2 loss against Bryne.
By 14:00, Hill 673 had been secured for the loss of 16 killed and 35 wounded, while the KPA had lost 30 killed and 3 captured and an estimated 185 killed.
Venezia was sold for scrap in 1896; Roma was set on fire by lightning that year and proved to be a total loss, forcing her disposal as well.
A day later, Energetyk ROW and Chojniczanka joined them as champions and runners-up of II liga West following  Bytovia's 4–0 loss to MKS Kluczbork.
The loss of sensation can also extend to the proximal parts of the lower limbs and the upper limbs as the disease progresses.
On November 27, he recorded career highs of 28 points and eight steals in a 116–114 loss to the Houston Rockets.
He featured in first round of the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League against Puskás Akadémia (in a 3–0 win), before the club was eliminated from the tournament in the second round against Lech Poznań (in a 0–3 loss, where Andersen was sent off).
Under loss of coolant jet pumps provide 10% power similar to boilers.
The loss of northern China, the cultural center of Chinese civilization, diminished the regional status of the Song dynasty.
Clark Street, named for the town's founder, was renamed Lake Street after Forrest Lake, the man responsible for the loss of Goldboro's status as a town.
Damage to the eyes, known as diabetic retinopathy, is caused by damage to the blood vessels in the retina of the eye, and can result in gradual vision loss and eventual blindness.
Investigators felt that the first altitude and speed of the 20–30 seconds of reduced altitude correlated with a controlled emergency reduction in altitude, followed by an unexplainable loss of control that led to an overspeed situation.
Panther Racing did not field an entry in the 2014 IndyCar Series after the loss of its National Guard sponsorship to Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing.
The program's first game was a 73–35 loss to Michigan State on January 20, 1974.
 List of companies by profit and loss
Weakened by loss of blood, he's unable to get out of the hole.
He made his debut on March 25 in a 5–2 loss at the New England Revolution, as a 63rd-minute substitute for Mohammed Saeid.
Also on board the ship were 30,000 pounds of gold, the loss of which contributed to the financial Panic of 1857.
He was visited in hospital by the king and queen, who sympathised with him over the loss of his teeth.
Fox and Kenya Moore, and for being ultimately responsible for the loss through her failure to identify the luxury aspects of Trump's brand.
Somewhat surprisingly, the ships arrived at the beleaguered island without loss on 19 November.
A misapplication of labour, or the devaluation of types of labour activity by the market can mean the loss of part of the capital invested, or all of it.
The overall goal of therapy to cope with ambiguous loss is to overcome the trauma associated with it and restore resilience.
Grief in ambiguous loss can be both beneficial and difficult.
But not for long, she has a miscarriage and blames Yeon-hwa for the loss of her baby.
He was the 1986 Syracuse Orangeman Rookie of the Year, but low grades led to the loss of his athletic eligibility.
López made his La Liga debut on 30 August 2014, replacing injured Nikos Karabelas in the seventh minute of a 0–3 loss at Athletic Bilbao.
On 13 September Alhassan made his professional debut, starting in a 1–2 loss at Palermo.
| 2019-09-28 || Loss ||align=left| Kaito || Shoot Boxing 2019 act.4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
Following the team's 17-10 loss to Florida on October 12, Jones rallied the team with a locker room speech in which he declared, "This is the only game we're going to lose all year."
This was a heavy loss for the NKCP since this number comprised approximately 75 per cent of the NKCP's entire force in Sarawak.
Murphy registered another career high game against number 1 ranked Notre Dame, with 10 tackles 1.5 sacks including 2.5 tackles for loss of yards.
According to MGM records the film earned $483,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $173,000 elsewhere, resulting in a loss of $377,000.
Adam mourns the loss of his lover.
He made his first World Cup appearance on 17 June, starting in a 1–0 loss to Mexico in Germany's opening match.
Jenkyns took over the captaincy, and he, Speller and reserve goalkeeper Francis Banks performed well, but the team was overwhelmed; the result, a 9–1 loss, in which Small Heath's only goal was scored by Wednesday's Teddy Brayshaw, remains a club record defeat.
Goldwater had lost the 1964 election in a nationwide landslide, but the loss in Vermont was especially severe from a historical perspective.
He made his return in North Queensland's Round 9 loss to the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
On 31 January 2013, Phillips joined Conference Premier club Nuneaton Town on loan for a month, with a view of gaining more experience, He made his Nuneaton Town debut on 2 February 2013 in a 3–2 loss to Stockport County.
| 2010-12-05 || Loss ||align=left| Yodsanklai Fairtex || King's Cup 2010, Semi Finals || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 2:00
He made his debut that same day in a 2–1 loss away to Gillingham.
The 2014–15 season saw a loss of form for Walker and most of the Hartlepool team in general, with manager Colin Cooper and his successor Paul Murray both dismissed before Christmas.
Red eventually becomes Piper's new roommate and befriends her, while at the same time she attempts to come to terms with her loss of friends and status, in the process befriending the "Golden Girls" — the older women in the prison.
Three months later, he scored his first league goal in a loss to Beşiktaş.
In his first career playoff game, Shazier made 3 solo tackles and one assist in a 17–30 wild-card loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Casey returns to Japan and drops Namiko's pendant in a pond, bringing closure to his loss.
In 2000, Berman co-founded ForestEthics, a group devoted to using tactics that would convince companies to change their ways or risk loss of sales.
Finding the makeshift housing comparable to an anthill, he soon found himself wondering what each soul inside each borough felt, whether it be heartache, love, loss or joy.
Luckassen made his SKN St. Pölten debut, where he set up a goal for Manuel Hartl, who scored a header, in a 2–1 loss against Austria Wien in the opening game of the season.
The ending of auto-assembly at Vilvoorde in 1997 caused the loss of around 3,500 jobs, along with strikes, street protests and political disputes.
The Alliance provided sick and death benefits and benefits for the loss of a wife.
Large-scale evacuations from the Wilmington area alone involved 5,000 people and were credited with reducing loss of life.
Tisserand made his Ingolstadt debut on 10 September 2016, making his first start, in a 2–0 loss against Hertha.
He made his international début for Canada in the 8-38 loss to Jamaica on 13 November 2018.
Januzaj was sent off for two yellow cards on 18 September in a 1–0 loss at Tottenham.
He debuted for Madagascar in a friendly 2–1 loss to Burkina Faso on 11 October 2020.
He spoke about the loss of his father and how he had played a Thirty Seconds to Mars song at the funeral.
The bulk of the matches were friendlies and included a 4–3 loss to Ecuador despite leading 3–0.
In the Week 14 loss against the Dallas Cowboys, Heinicke left the game in the fourth quarter after getting injured on a sack from defensive tackle, Neville Gallimore.
He made 15 appearances across all competitions as it finally avoided relegation, scoring once as consolation in a 1–2 home loss to F.C.
– Foreign Minister Emma Bonino said: "I am deeply pained at what is going on in Egypt, and at the loss of human life there.
He made his La Liga debut three days later, starting in a 1–0 away loss against Valencia CF.
Between the guns and fighters, the Luftwaffe lost 85 aircraft that day, an unsustainable rate of loss.
Goff finished the game with 20-of-32 completed pass attempts for 214 yards and three touchdowns and one interception in a 49–21 loss.
His 11 total bases set an LCBL record for a single game; albeit in a 12–11 loss to the Explorers.
 Martin Chilton, "Marian McPartland and Jane Harvey: Jazz pioneers - Jazz world mourns the loss of two trailblazing women stars", The Telegraph, August 22, 2013.
SEI complained that rail traffic dropped significantly in 1997 and that BNSF rates increased in 1998, forcing the company to incur a $117,081 loss.
One of the things on the table was the unfair imposition of export duty at Penang while Singapore was free of this constraint, another, the loss of trade that was leaving the island and going over to Province Wellesley.
10 years prior, a then up-and-coming Norris had emerged as a contender to Tyson's Undisputed Heavyweight title, but Tyson's 1990 loss to James "Buster" Douglas prevented the match from happening and Norris moved down to the cruiserweight division shortly after.
Originally, Tyson stated that he would be in favor of a rematch with Norris in December of that year, but Tyson instead chose to face British journeyman Julius Francis in what would be his first fight in Europe and his first outside the United States since his 1990 loss to James "Buster" Douglas.
He made his debut for the club on 24 August by starting in a 2–0 home loss against Hapoel Be'er Sheva, and was mainly used as a substitute during his first season.
Hendriks made his debut for the reserves team Jong Ajax in a 2–0 Eerste Divisie loss to FC Oss on 16 August 2013.
Other severe side effects include hearing loss, Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea, anaphylaxis, and muscle weakness.
The following 21 May, in the last game of the season, he was sent off in a 3–0 home loss to relegated F.C.
The plane was a complete loss.
If an agent, either negligently or fraudulently, fails to perform the mandate or performs it improperly, and thereby causes loss to the principal, the agent is liable to the principal in damages.
The loss of ices from the inner satellites due to impacts is reduced.
The extension of the railway to Midhurst in 1866, resulted in further loss of traffic, with the canal traffic being restricted to loads, such as large trees, which were too large for the railway.
On 24 April 2013 Martínez made his first team debut, coming on as a second-half substitute for Mauro Díaz in a 0–1 Copa Argentina home loss against Estudiantes Buenos Aires.
In Round 5 against Penrith, Brown suffered an ankle injury in the 12-6 loss and was ruled out indefinitely.
He entered the 2021 Orléans Masters as seed no.1 and made it to the quarter-finals, where he suffered a shock loss.
In 1956 the CPGB experienced a significant loss of members due to its support of the Soviet military intervention in Hungary, and the party took nearly a decade to recover its lost membership.
The resulting vasculitis causes a loss of blood supply to the nerve (ischemia).
In 1863, a flash flood caused inconvenience to new selectors, with several, suffering the loss of belongings and equipment.
After learning of the loss of the bastions they decided to fall back to the “Retreat”.
In the following days, Duke William and Ruby also foundered with great loss of life.
A heavy infestation causes inflammation of the skin, open hemorrhaging wounds, increased production of mucus, loss of scales, and corrosion of the fins.
The loss in market share was attributed primarily to growing pressure from competitors – especially in the growing low-end smartphone market, and an already saturated market for high-end smartphones.
Despite 11 points, 9 rebounds and 8 blocked shots from Alexander, Curie was eliminated from the CPL playoffs in a February 11 quarterfinals 60–58 loss to the Billy Garrett, Jr.-led Morgan Park High School that went on to become 2013 IHSA Class 3A state champion.
In Serena Williams' controversial quarterfinal loss to Jennifer Capriati, several poor calls were contested by Williams.
In a twist of fate, these two meet and find that they are linked by more than just the loss of Yoo-rim.
He made his La Liga debut for Los Verdiblancos on 18 August, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–1 defeat against Real Valladolid, and scored his first goal a week later to open a 5–2 loss against Barcelona.
As of 2018 Sarah Murnaghan suffers from diabetes, cystic fibrosis and her ongoing hearing loss.
In his senior year, Mack had 140 tackles, including eight for a loss, and nine sacks.
In the next game against the Washington Redskins, Mack recorded a team high nine tackles and sacked Kirk Cousins once during the 27–10 road loss.
On October 17, 2013, Brown caught a season-high three passes for 30-yards and scored his first career touchdown during a 34–23 loss against the Seattle Seahawks in Week 7.
Lansdale testified at a 1954 Atomic Energy Commission hearing on behalf of  Oppenheimer, who was threatened with loss of his security clearance because of Communist associates.
After a season-ending injury to first grade hooker Matt Ballin against Penrith in Round 25, Hodges was called into the team for the final three games of the season, scoring his first NRL try in Manly's 17-18 sudden death Semi-final loss to Canterbury-Bankstown at the Sydney Football Stadium.
However research by Roth, Sönmez, and Unver revealed that the efficiency loss from  the lack of three pair exchanges are considerable.
 1896: Pictures representing the loss of Sir John Franklin's expedition to the North Pole, painted by Julius von Payer
After the blowout loss, Mayfield said "I just think everybody just needs to be more disciplined.
On August 27, 2016, in a loss against the San Antonio Stars, Hill scored a career high 26 points.
Author, the Caring Helper: Skills for Caregiving in Grief and Loss videotape series
Dillen's first loss eliminated him, at 5 points after two wins by decision.
Retrofit is a weight loss company for business professionals based in Chicago, Illinois.
Also with 3 points were Badó and Simonis, after their first loss each.
On November 15, 2015, Heath recorded two solo tackles, two pass deflections, and two interceptions in the Cowboys' 10–6 loss at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 10.
On 1 September 2013, aged 29, Torres played his first professional match, featuring as a second-half substitute in a 2–4 away loss against CD Lugo.
Rachel's 4 pound weight loss in week 10 was displayed as -5 due to her 1-pound advantage from the challenge.
Craig (the recipient of Jillian's trainer save), although he pulled an impressive number, had the lowest combined percentage of the two-week weight loss, resulting in his elimination.
Another record was broken for the largest percentage of weight loss by any contestant in the whole series.
He competed in World Superbike on a Yamaha YZF-R1 for Pata Yamaha Official WorldSBK Team, but learned of the loss of his position from 2020 to Toprak Razgatlioglu in August 2019.
Devastated by the loss of her husband, Elsie retired from public life.
Denmark's loss of territory to Prussia hit the Danish national consciousness hard, which became a catalyst for a new Danish identity.
Baird attributed the loss to the high  weight Wool Winder carried in the running,  more than Succor.
This means the loss of lift occurs closer to the center of gravity, and thereby reduces the magnitude of the pitching forces.
On the August 22 at [[Hardcore Justice (2013)|Impact Wrestling: Hardcore Justice]], Gunner and Storm suffered their first loss as a tag team, losing to Bobby Roode and Kazarian.
In 2010, he was promoted to the first team for the 2010 Campeonato Gaúcho, and made his professional debut on 21 March 2010, in a 1–3 away loss against Novo Hamburgo.
A linear depreciation function accommodates the steady loss of the information value.
In CBC Music's biography of Autumn Hill, the network praised the "compelling stories of loss and love" told through the songs on the album, as well as the duo's "surprising depths" as artists.
Cylinder to manifold connection malfunction can result in violent gas loss.
Chased by "Doomsday" Danny Rose and The Bruiser, they held the title for over four months until their loss to The Bruiser and Jerry "The King" Lawler in Owings Mills, Maryland on November 13.
Despite their stretch of mediocrity, the Seahawks have remained competitive in games against the 49ers in those years, especially games at Lumen Field, where their worst loss to the 49ers there was by only ten points in .
On 29 May, Johnson sought to avenge his loss by rematching Sunny Jim Williams at Brisbane Stadium, though lost via a very controversial points decision.
Albeit his unexpected loss, the symposium was completed after some rearrangements were made in the program.
Moreover, the large complement of climbers on the expedition had an adverse psychological effect, making climbers feel superfluous to an expedition whose aim was simply to put a very small number of climbers on the summit: "Such a state of affairs imposes an intolerable strain on everyone, and is bound to lead to friction and a consequent loss of efficiency."
In the 2018 season opener against the Kansas City Chiefs, Gordon recorded 64 rushing yards to go along with nine receptions for 102 receiving yards in the 38–28 loss.
Four of those six games were lost by 4 points or less, including a heart-stopping loss to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks where Sharks player Andrew Fifita scored on the buzzer to win the local derby after trailing the whole game.
The Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins saw roster changes during the 2013 off-season, including the loss of the previous year's top scorers Chad Kolarik, Trevor Smith and Riley Holzapfel.
On December 13, 2013, Houston Texans' owner Bob McNair announced the firing of head coach Gary Kubiak after a franchise record 11th consecutive loss and a 2–11 record overall.
On 3 January 2016, he scored his first goal in Super League in the second half helping his club to temporarily equalizing the score in a 3–1 home loss against champions Olympiacos.
The club's first loss of points came in the fifth round with a 2–2 home draw against Djurgårdens IF, a club which Malmö FF had lost both matches against in the previous season.
Load rejection in an electric power system is the condition in which there is a sudden load loss in the system which causes the generating equipment to be over-frequency.
Five years later, under new head coach Winston Ronde, the Lions improved on those results by finishing 3rd in the 2012 EFAF C Group Championship, this time in Austria, with a close loss to Serbia and a win over Russia.
Bartu finished the game with six tackles (three solo) with one tackle for loss and one sack against the Jets (10/7).
Also, because identity cards lacks a different numbering scheme from the citizen's identity number for Chinese nationals, there's currently no way to deregister a lost ID card completely even when the loss of the identity card is reported to the police.
The following week, he recorded a season-high ten combined tackles in a 28-21 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Urquhart made his professional debut for Dumbarton (on loan from Rangers) on 16 February 2013 in a 3–2 Scottish First Division match, playing the whole of a loss to Raith Rovers.
NCUA's Corporate System Resolution program ensured that credit unions recovered from the crisis without any interruption in payment services, any loss of insured funds, or any direct costs to taxpayers.
While this loss cannot be entirely attributed to cocoa production, cocoa production is a leading cause of deforestation in Ghana.
“Any person who wilfully causes loss or injury to another in manner that is contrary to morals, good customs or public policy shall compensate the latter for the damage.”
The match ended in 1–0 loss for the Amsterdam side.
She was lost on 1 April 1943, sources differing as to whether she was sunk by British aircraft, or stranded off the Tunisian coast and declared a total loss.
Arsenate can also inhibit pyruvate conversion into acetyl-CoA, thereby blocking the TCA cycle, resulting in additional loss of ATP.
The bankruptcy of a customer who owed a debt to the entity at the balance sheet date usually confirms the loss of the debt.
Their visual design was not appealing and further errors such as spelling mistakes worsened their loss.
The president strongly condemns any act of violence, which leads to loss of life and calls for the immediate and full international investigation to establish the causes and those responsible for what happened.
On his statement "Please convey my condolences to the people of Malaysia on the loss of loved ones on Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17".
Whitlam remained leader of the party until the loss at the 1977 election, when he was succeeded by Bill Hayden.
After the loss Suzuki was picked up by ONE Championship, his first fight was against UFC veteran Phil Baroni, Suzuki won the fight via TKO after Baroni broke his ankle.
He made his debut in the competition on the 26th, coming on as a late substitute for Nemanja Radoja in a 2–1 away loss against Getafe CF.
The court martial board blamed a strong, unexpected current for the loss.
Exposure to cereulide causes loss of the membrane potential and uncoupling of oxidative phosphorylation in the mitochondria.
Signs and symptoms of keraunoparalysis include lack of pulse, pallor or cyanosis, and motor and sensory loss in the extremities.
Based on the effects of Arctic amplification (warming) and ice loss, a study in 2015 concluded that highly amplified jet-stream patterns are occurring more frequently in the past two decades, and that such patterns can not be tied to certain seasons.
 "'Bad News' Chronicles the Loss of Press Freedom in Rwanda", radio interview with Sundaram on NPR's All Things Considered (6 min., 2016)
On top of that, Etcherson has also maintained that with the systematic mass killings based on political affiliation, ethnicity, religion, and citizenship resulting in the loss of a third of the Cambodian population, the Khmer Rouge is effectively guilty of committing genocide.
On the 13th the Angels won, 4–3; the four Angel runs (all unearned) were scored in the sixth inning, when Asche committed two of his three errors, and Lee received the loss despite having no earned runs.
Hamels' lack of run support continued in game two; although he allowed only one run in seven innings, Antonio Bastardo gave up an RBI single to Lucas Duda for a 2–1 loss.
He recorded his first career point on his first shift – 33 seconds into the contest – assisting on a Micheal Ferland goal in a 5–1 loss.
Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party retained its position as Norway's largest party and expanded their lead in seats over the Conservatives, despite a slight drop in its share of votes and the loss of one seat.
Sturdevant oversaw "the worst loss of U.S. airpower in a single incident since the Vietnam War" 
He played his first professional game on 17 August, starting in a 0–1 away loss against Córdoba CF.
Michigan left wing Johnny McKennell, a senior from Toronto, was suspended for the remainder of the season after he allegedly punched referee Milo Yalich in Denver, Colorado, following a 5-4 overtime loss to the Denver Pioneers on December 23, 1952.
The first game on September 26 was a 5-2 loss to Syracuse Crunch, who scored three unanswered, unassisted goals in the third period.
Their worst loss is a 9–0 against Belgium in a FIFA World Cup qualifier on 31 August 2017.
March had a productive 1987 season for the Racers, registering 14.0 tackles for loss, including a 3.0 sack game against Middle Tennessee State.
Garrett returned to AEW Dark and suffered another loss, this time being squashed by The Bunny.
The ship was destroyed in an accidental fire during target practice near Flores Island in the River Plate, off Montevideo, with the loss of some ninety officers and men.
The loss of the court as a centre of patronage in 1603 was a major blow to Scottish literature.
The most common situations where the Family Links Network takes action are when loss of contact is due to armed conflict or other situations of violence; natural or man-made disaster; migration and in other situations of humanitarian need, such as allowing detainees to keep in touch with their families while in prison.
Boone's land speculation succeeded for a number of years before failing in 1786, resulting in the loss of all of his property (including the station) to his creditors and his removal to Well's Station.
Eight turnovers doomed Stanford to a 27–10 loss to the Irish, which was led by coach Knute Rockne and the backfield known as The Four Horsemen of Notre Dame.
Legere was handed his second consecutive loss via triangle-choke submission in the second round.
He received his PhD in 1981 for a work about progressive loss of hearing during childhood at Mainz.
He made his debut against Atlético Policial on a 4–1 loss for the Copa Argentina in 2011 with Dario Franco as head coach.
He is currently leading a project that investigates the role of neuroglial dysfunction in HIV infection and drug abuse, and has also published research concluding that the brains of autistic individuals exhibit neuroglial activation, loss of neurons in the Purkinje layer and neuroinflammation "in the same regions [of the brain] that appear to have excess white matter."
In 1991, he was a reserve defensive end that was used in pass rushing situations, registering 6.5 sacks, five tackles for loss, two forced fumbles, and one fumble recovery.
When they are caught by Salem, Emerald is nearly tortured by the witch for her betrayal and the loss of the Relic but is saved by Hazel and escapes the Monstra.
Oglethorpe's loss has been attributed to his moving to Essex and supporting the Jewish Naturalisation Act, but Baine considers that the election was "rigged against him".
Camberwell suffered the heaviest loss in its history to date, losing 1.8 (14) to 24.24 (168) by 154 points against Oakleigh on 20 June.
Dan experiences a loss that challenges him in no uncertain terms to prove he is capable of hacking his destiny.
He was solid, allowing only two runs over six innings, but a defensive meltdown in the seventh led to a disappointing 9–3 loss.
In the broadcast, he took off his hat and unveiled the head with sparse hair, further stating: "I concealed my hair loss for five years, and during those five years I kept wearing a hat for two-to-three years.
This loss ended Bayern's record win streak end at ten games.
The accident represents the second fatal accident and fifth hull loss of a McDonnell Douglas DC-10.
The team played strong during the regular season, even during a rebuilding year, highlights of the season included a tough 6–10 loss to NCAA Division I Sacred Heart.
He was adjudged the man of the match in his official debut for Al-Suwaiq in a 2-1 loss against his former side Dhofar in the 2017 Oman Super Cup.
Princeton had outscored its opponents by a cumulative total of 264–14, and was seeking to avenge its 12–0 loss to Yale the previous year.
Bryzgalov made his AHL debut on November 15 in a 5–4 loss against the Abbotsford.
Through this courageous deed he prevented the loss of two men.
The COVID-19 epidemic that began in early 2020 caused a massive disruption in many parts of the worldwide economy; theatres of all kinds, including the Golden State, suffered a drastic loss of revenues during enforced shutdowns that were implemented to limit the spread of the virus.
The loss caused to her victims from a total of 300 documented property offenses was later roughly estimated at 7,685 guilders.
Not only did Ryan Shazier lead the Buckeye defense as a junior linebacker, he also led the Big Ten in tackles, tackles for loss, and forced fumbles.
In the main event, Kazuchika Okada successfully defended the IWGP Heavyweight Championship against Satoshi Kojima, also avenging a prior loss from the final day of the 2013 G1 Climax.
He played his last international on 12 June 1994 in a 1-0 loss to Australia.
According to Hall Findlay, the numbers continued to decrease from 135,000 in 1971 to 13,000 in 2011, representing a 91 percent loss.
He made his club debut for the Titans in Round 15 against the New Zealand Warriors, playing at centre in the Titans' 36-14 loss at Cbus Super Stadium.
The deterioration of cities and urban education systems between the 1950-80s is the consequence of several post-war policies like the Home Owners' Loans Corporation, Federal Housing Administration, Interstate Highway Act, discriminative zoning practices, and loss of war-time industrial employment perpetuated ‘white flight’ and suburban sprawl at the expense of poor, marginalized urban residents.
The Hiawatha foundered on Georges Bank in February 1871, with the loss of her entire crew.
Third, menopausal hormone therapy, which mitigates hormonal loss, is associated with a negative age acceleration of buccal cells (but not of blood cells).
This was demonstrated in the papyrus scripts documenting the loss in revenue from the massive decrease in population.
Gummersbach station only became more important with the closing of branch lines in the Oberbergische district and the associated loss of significance for Dieringhausen.
They are also often quoted by researchers investigating the loss of atomic secrets to the USSR.
The game resulted in a close loss.
Having narrowly escaped a second consecutive loss, Bowe agreed to face undefeated prospect Larry Donald in his next fight.
The loss of these players, and of financial support given to prevent Peel from folding, was to see the Thunder after three years of relatively promising on-field form including wins against three finalists in 2002 again hit rock-bottom the following season.
Five convoys were successfully attacked by U-boats during 1942 and 1943, with 12 ships sunk and one damaged but then later declared a total loss.
During Week 13, he broke the Jaguars single game record with five touchdown passes in a 42–39 road loss to the Tennessee Titans.
It was KG 100's first loss.
In his first NFL game, Cooks caught seven passes for 77 yards and a touchdown and had an 18-yard rush in a 37–34 overtime road loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
Two weeks later against his former team, the New Orleans Saints, Cooks caught six receptions for 114 yards and a touchdown in the 45–35 road loss.
In Week 16, against the Philadelphia Eagles, he had 11 receptions for 150 receiving yards in the 24–19 loss.
On Christmas Eve, against the SMU Mustangs, he had 13 receptions for 144 yards and a touchdown in the 43–10 loss in the 2012 Hawaii Bowl.
In Week 15 against the Chicago Bears, Adams had 8 catches for 119 yards in a 24–17 loss, putting him over 100 receptions in a season for the first time of his career.
485 Squadron after the loss of Checketts and it continued with its escort duties and patrols to France.
The balsam fir sawfly, more specifically third to fifth instar larvae are responsible for defoliation and foliage weight loss in trees.
Basketball situation in Lithuania was deplorable at that time, tragic loss to Latvia with huge difference was a perfect proof of that.
Following this win, he suffered a dip in form, only winning one of his next four matches, including a first round loss to Guillermo Garcia-Lopez at the French Open.
In 1979, Interstate purchased an interest in the New Jersey discount appliance chain, Two Guys and later gained control of its parent company Vornado, a former fan manufacturer (purchased by Two Guys in 1959 to utilize its tax loss carryforwards) and dissolved the chain, turning the stores into strip malls.
Declassified CIA documents about Vietnam war also show reports from American Ambassasdor reporting to the Johnson and Nixon administration that "The Inteclectual and Prominent Lawyer Tran Ngoc Lieng is the only hope for South VietNam to have a free elected government that truly cares for its citizens,  anything else would be a loss cause for South VietNam".
He played a UEFA Champions League first qualifying game five days later – a 1–0 loss at KF Feronikeli of Kosovo – and went back across the border on 8 July when he signed for fourth-tier Linares Deportivo.
As a junior, he recorded 64 tackles, including 18.5 for loss, 5.5 sacks, and one forced fumble, earning first-team All-Big East honors.
The large tax loss was also valuable.
It works and cows can be heard crying in pain as she returns to Aaron and Maria (who is now weak from blood loss and being carried by Aaron).
The British captured the other five seriatim, all with a loss of only 11 men wounded, albeit some dangerously or badly, despite the heavy fire from the gunboats' cannons and small arms.
Less leaching or water loss in sandy soils.
On 24 October 2018, Embiid had 30 points and 19 rebounds in a 123–108 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks, becoming the franchise's first player to reach those marks in the same game since Charles Barkley did so in November 1991.
Their worst loss is 8–0 against Denmark in 2021.
NRHD Jobbers Canyon Historic District, in 1989, all 24 buildings were demolished for development, representing the largest National Register historic district loss to date.
The Redblacks finished the season in 4th place in the East Division with a 2–16 record and were eliminated from playoff contention after a week 16 loss to the BC Lions.
BUT THEN....details are revealed while the family recovers from the loss of Camili that the Desai elder Auntie is eager to re-wed Pranay to the daughter of a family friend, who comes to stay with the Desai family.
(The main exception is the Codex Zographensis, copied just before yer loss.)
In the next game, a 29–28 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, he had another two-touchdown performance on 15 carries for 56 yards.
As Bartenieff observed her first polio patients she became intensely aware of their individuality in coping with the sudden loss of function and changes in self-image.
The Vicar of Sleaford was allocated a farm on the Anna to compensate for the loss of his tithes.
The Do 17, flown  (Squadron Leader)  Krieger, also crashed with the loss of two crew.
The massive dogfight resulted in the loss of 16 Hurricanes with 13 pilots killed and two wounded.
In the 14–17 loss to Auburn, Jackson scored a touchdown after recovering Chris Relf's fumble in the end zone.
He made his senior debut on 21 August, in a 1–2 away loss against Albion Rovers.
In the postseason, the Gators advanced to the Quarterfinal round of the SEC Tournament, where they were defeated by the Kentucky Wildcats 70–75, their only loss to Kentucky of the season.
), and promotes flaky, unproven methods for weight/fat loss."
Despite the loss, the top performers for the game were all on the home team.
Starvation by Yuriy Lutsenko — 30 days, and 25 kg of weight loss 
Present at Gettysburg 258; Killed, officers 3, men 16; Wounded, officers 5, men 89; Captured or missing, men 3; Total loss 111."
During a Week 4 loss to the Saints, he caught four passes for 61 yards and scored his first NFL touchdown on a 20-yard pass from quarterback Philip Rivers.
The club made a reported €9 Million loss over the course of two years through the museum, which resulted in its immediate shutdown only 2 years after its opening day.
After suffering his first loss in nearly six years, Budler was scheduled to face Siyabonga Siyo for the vacant WBA Pan-African light-flyweight title on October 22, 2016.
American progressive metal band Redemption includes their own cover version of the song on the vinyl version of their album The Art of Loss.
More bad news came after the loss Hyde fractured his foot during the game.
Overgrazing by cattle and sheep, the arrival of rabbits in the early 1890s and the Federation drought led to soil degradation and extensive loss of vegetation.
The loss Orton and Rollins suffered in the match further exacerbated tension between the two.
Numerous lesions can coalesce into larger dead areas on infected tissue and can cause early leaf loss.
Unfortunately his first years in Bursa coincided with the difficult period after the Ottoman Empire's disastrous loss at the Battle of Vienna and the Holy League's invasion of the Ottoman Balkans, so the economy was in abject misery and Ismāʿīl Ḥaḳḳī had to sell his books to survive.
At the time of its destruction the Antilles sinking represented the largest single greatest loss of American lives to that point in World War I.
On January 6, 2018, he recorded his first career double-double with 10 points and 12 rebounds in an 87–85 loss to the Boston Celtics.
In Week 13, he collected a season-high seven solo tackles and broke up a pass during a 34–17 loss at the Detroit Lions.
However, he only played in three events during the year which included a 5–3 first round loss against Wayne Jones in the UK Open.
The following week, Jones recorded his first career tackle on Bruce Ellington for a five-yard loss during a muffed punt return by Ellington in the second quarter of the Bears' 28–20 victory at the San Francisco 49ers in Week 2.
This loss of emphasis leads back to the masculine norms that feminist ethics are attempting to critique.
He made his first major league start on September 12, pitching 5 innings and allowing 2 runs while taking the loss versus the Baltimore Orioles.
In 2013, the singer made a comeback into the music scene after being on a hiatus following the loss of her father in 2011.
It is uncertain whether the event insured against (like fire or theft, for example) will actually occur, but it obviously must before loss can be quantified.
In an action claiming a declaration that the defendant was obliged to make good the loss, Marine & Trade Insurance pleaded breach by the plaintiff of a warranty
This applies both to total and to partial loss.
Out of this loss comes an ember of hope.
This was their sixth loss in a row over Endo and Watanabe.
The dysfunction and loss of basal forebrain cholinergic neurons has been observed in many dementias, especially Alzheimer's.
The utilization of bone to buffer even a small percentage of daily acid production can lead to significant loss of bone mass in the course of a decade.
Some research is done with neuroprotective treatment that will slow the progression of vision loss.
On January 21, 2019, he scored 24 points and made five of seven 3-pointers in a 122–103 loss to the Orlando Magic.
He made his debut with the club's main squad on 15 January of the following year, starting in a 0–4 home loss against FC Barcelona, again in the national cup.
On September 17, 2017, in Week 2, Williams had his first reception as a member of the Colts, a 20-yard catch from quarterback Jacoby Brissett, in the 16–13 overtime loss to the Arizona Cardinals.
 Loss of Kyiv to Soviets on 2 February 1919 and political crisis within the national government of Ukraine
At Donna's 30th birthday party, he gets drunk and when Shabnam tries to talk to him, he tells her that he is still grieving over the loss of his wife.
15 Auburn to avenge last year's loss, and finished 7–1 in conference play, 11–1 overall.
This is primarily due to loss of its habitat, which is open wet savannas and bogs.
Braswell was unable to repeat his heroics, shooting 1-for-12 (8.3%) from the field and scoring only two points, and the Hoyas season came to an end with a 60-49 loss to the Golden Bears.
Nonetheless, the pandemic resulted in the loss of many small businesses.
In 1980, the loss was more than $1 million.
The book analyses the origins of democracy, its modern applications and the resulting loss of "people power".
The breakdown of Georgetown tradition of graduating its players led to criticism of Thompsons recruitment practices, which some observers believed led to the pre-graduation loss of players by signing too many players with troubled backgrounds or without real academic inclination.
First Homecoming loss since October 31, 2009 to James Madison (20–8).
Chalerm warned that if any loss of life occurred during the arrest, the police should not be blamed.
During the early 19th century, the Peninsular War, the loss of viceroyalties in the Americas, and continuing coups limited the city's architectural development (Royal Theatre, the National Library of Spain, the Palace of the Senate, and the Congress).
Georgia would fall out of the BCS standings and most of the major polls after this loss, and a win over unranked Kentucky the next week was not enough to get the team back in the rankings.
Accepting this loss, Foot stepped down to be succeeded by Neil Kinnock, a man Livingstone considered "repellent".
Snead was inactive for a Week 3 loss against the Atlanta Falcons after injuring his toe.
The loss of Hockey Night was cited as a factor to the budget cuts, but was also credited to the performance of CBC's entertainment programming.
The Jets defense managed to stop the drive at midfield as time expired to preserve their lead and win the game, avenging their regular season loss to the Raiders in the infamous Heidi Game six weeks earlier.
In 1916 in the First World War she was sunk by a mine in the English Channel off Dover with the loss of 155 lives.
On June 23, 2015, Radioactive, LLC filed a request with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for special temporary authority (STA) for WZXP to remain silent, stating that the station went off the air on June 19, 2015, due to the loss of its programming source.
On September 17, in a Week 2 27–20 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, he recorded his second touchdown of the season late in the fourth quarter to cut into the Chiefs' lead.
In SN1 case, dissociation is difficult because of the strengthened C-I bond and loss of the iodide will generate an unstable carbocation(see figure 1c)
On 30 November he made his first-team – and La Liga – debut, playing the last 19 minutes in a 3–1 away loss against RC Celta de Vigo.
He was the first member of the crew to die and the crew, especially Blake, were devastated by the loss.
Théo Lefèvre announced his resignation as Prime Minister of Belgium after being unable to form a coalition government following the loss of numerous seats in the May 23 elections.
He started the Cincinnati Bengals' season-opener against the Baltimore Ravens and collected four combined tackles and deflected a pass during their 0–20 loss.
In Super Bowl LIV against the Kansas City Chiefs in Miami, Florida, Garoppolo threw 31 passes, completing 20 for 219 yards, one touchdown and two interceptions during the 20–31 loss.
In this match and their next two in 1976-77 and 1977-78 Sukkur made a total of only 390 runs in six completed innings while their opponents made 892 runs for the loss of 28 wickets.
Argentina's loss to Australia was much closer than their defeat in New Zealand.
In Super Bowl LV against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Clark recorded one sack on Tom Brady during the 9–31 loss.
However, the practice of the Onyonkpo system of maintaining law and order in the community was ended in 2011 due to selfish administration of justice, lack of checks and balances on the Onyonkpo, loss of confidence of the people on the Onyonkpo and shift of allegiance from paganism to Christianity.
In the first match his 4 for 36 played a part in victory over Pakistan Education Board, while in the second he scored his first century, 102, batting at number three in the second innings in a loss to Karachi.
Parsing out emotion and fear of loss from decision making would result in more implementation of mathematical calculations, thus maximizing expected utility.
His death is a loss to us all, but he leaves a lasting legacy to the whole world."
One of the main benefits of using Vetiveria nigritana, especially in subsistence agriculture, is that it reduces soil erosion and nutrient loss associated with water runoff and wind displacement.
Twain left the newspaper in 1871 and eventually sold his share at a significant loss.
However, on a 3rd and 7 play at Oklahoma's 35-yard line, A. J. McCarron was sacked for a 14-yard loss, thus Alabama was forced punt with 3:19 remaining in the quarter.
The Economic Crime Bureau focuses on major and complex economic crime based on the following criteria; monetary loss, investigations involving a significant international dimension, investigations concerning widespread public concern, investigations requiring specialised knowledge and investigations involving complex issues of law or procedure.
On December 13, 2017, Daniels scored a career-high 32 points on 11-of-16 shooting, including 7-of-10 on 3-pointers, in a 115–109 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
After starting their season 4–1 (the loss in the opener to number nine Louisville), the Bobcats lost a close game against Central Michigan, and then won two more games before losing three consecutive games, including being shut out 49–0 against Bowling Green, before resoundingly defeating UMass in their season's final game.
Meanwhile, her sister Anna is less happy and confused by the loss of contact with her elder sister and tries, without success, to coax her out of her room.
In August 2019 Wanderson received his first call up for Bulgaria for the UEFA Euro 2020 Qualification match against England and the friendly match against Ireland on 7 and 10 September, making his debut in the 0:4 loss against the former.
The organisation's aim was to address food loss and food safety in developing countries by speeding up the practical introduction of the food irradiation process.
Teams received 3 points for a regulation win, 2 points for an overtime/shootout win and 1 point for an overtime/shootout loss.
Later, in a predictable epiphany, and with the help of his skeptical girlfriend Debbie, he discovers the beauty of altruism, realizing that bilking people out of their money isn't worth the loss of his morals and his love.
 Cutting Pieces (Translation Loss, 2017)
After being hit by a wave of corruption scandals and the loss of his PRI membership, Duarte presented his resignation to the Veracruz state legislature on 12 October 2016 and made his last public appearance the next day, leaving his whereabouts unknown from that date until his arrest on 15 April 2017.
Infestation with T. polycolpus can cause blisters on the fins of fish, and the loss of rays on pelvic, anal, pectoral, dorsal and caudal fins.
Against Washington on September 5, Adams completed 31 of 46 passes for 475 yards and seven touchdowns in a 59–52 loss.
His best figures for Sussex were 3 for 17 and 7 for 62 in a narrow loss to Yorkshire in 1925.
On 20 February 2012, the club announced a financial loss of £7.2 million.
In Week 2 against the San Francisco 49ers, Desir recorded his first interception as a Jet off a pass thrown by Nick Mullens during the 31–13 loss.
It was considered a near certainty that the loss of its ground would have resulted in the club's expulsion from the Association, so the Moorabbin Council committed to providing a replacement Association-standard venue in the district if the football club wished it to do so.
With the loss of these contracts, Raj's business begins to sink and ultimately goes bankrupt.
After a 35–21 loss to Virginia Tech on September 6, Ohio State dropped to No.
With Chris Long and Shaun Hill out, the Rams travel to Tampa Bay looking to rebound from the blowout home loss against Minnesota.
With the loss, the Raiders dropped to 0–3.
A year earlier, San Diego had handed Denver their only home loss of the season.
Following the loss, Giddings resigned as leader of the Labor Party and was replaced by then opposition Deputy Premier Bryan Green.
Severe Tropical Storm Jebi (), known in the Philippines as Tropical Storm Jolina, was a tropical cyclone that caused loss of life and moderate damage across Vietnam and South China in July 2013.
Hoping to rebound from their loss to the Patriots, the Broncos flew to the O.co Coliseum for an AFC West duel with the Oakland Raiders.
With the loss the 49ers were eliminated from playoff contention.
After a disappointing loss to the Miami Dolphins, the Patriots looked to bounce back against the lowly Vikings who were without Adrian Peterson who was suspended, but were led by ex-Patriot Matt Cassel at quarterback.
After the first two drives of the second half ended in punts, the Patriots marched 70 yards, using 11 plays in over 6 minutes to the Bills 13, but the Bills stuffed Garoppolo for a 1-yard loss on 4th-and-1.
Following a win against the Indianapolis Colts in Week 16 (and after the Philadelphia Eagles loss to the Washington Redskins), the Cowboys won the NFC East.
The loss snapped the Giants' 3 game winning streak as their overall record fell to 3-3.
After the week fourteen loss to Dallas, Jay Cutler described the year as the "No.
With the loss, the Bengals fell to 5-3-1.
With the loss, the Browns fell out of 1st place in the AFC North and into a tie for 3rd place behind the Bengals and Steelers, who both won that week.
After a tough home loss, the Steelers traveled down south again to take on the Jaguars.
With their loss against the Colts mathematically eliminating the Texans from the AFC South title, the Texans returned home in hopes of securing a wild card spot in the playoffs.
With the loss, the Titans stumbled to 2-10.
With the loss, the Panthers dropped to 3-8-1 and 11-26-1 when Newton commits at least one turnover.
The travel, to Texas four days after returning from Michigan, was cited as a reason for the loss.
After graduating from River Plate's youth system, he made his professional debut on 19 February 2012, in a 3–2 away loss against Nacional.
On December 20, 2015, he recorded six solo tackles during a 23–17 loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
Along with the loss of the military's good reputation, came the diminished reputation of the Ilmiye.
On December 2, 2019, against the Seattle Seahawks, Harris intercepted Russell Wilson and returned it 20 yards for his first career touchdown in the 37-30 loss.
After making a team-high 10 tackles, including three for a loss, Kendricks was voted the game's defensive MVP.
He returned for the 23–10 loss at the Minnesota Vikings, but was the backup to emerging rookie running back Aaron Jones.
After opening with a home loss to Division I Kent State, CMU won twelve straight to finish as D-II champions.
The decline continued along the southern edge of woodland caribou distribution throughout the 1960s, 70s and 80s with the direct loss of habitat to logging, mines and dams.
The digital-news website SMU SMC summed up all these points together: "In addition to preventing cyber bullies, Whisper gives users the opportunity to confess to things that could potentially ruin marriages, friendships or result in loss of job, without suffering consequences.
The total loss of life was 117 sailors killed and 153 wounded.
| 2013-09-28 || Loss ||align=left|  D'Angelo Marshall || SUPERKOMBAT World Grand Prix III 2013, Final || Botoșani, Romania || TKO (Referee Stoppage) || 3 || 0:26
This is a normal physiological process occurring throughout life; but with increasing lifespan of individuals and increasing retention of teeth for life, the incidence of non-carious tooth surface loss has also shown a rise.
On 27 February 2014, Riedewald made his continental debut for Ajax, in the UEFA Europa League away match against Red Bull Salzburg where he replaced Christian Poulsen in the 63rd minute in an eventual 3-1 loss.
El Huaso (2012), Proto's first feature-length documentary film chronicles Gustavo Proto, the director's father, as he struggles with short term memory loss.
On 4 December of the following year, Oliva made his professional debut, playing the last 26 minutes of a 1–2 home loss against Real Betis, in the Segunda División championship.
Neat PEA has been shown to have a slightly lower degradation rate than copolymers due to a loss in crystallinity.
After that loss, the Bulldogs closed the season out with five straight wins to close out the season with 10 victories and 6 conference wins.
Her crew were rescued by a Yarmouth brig while the Fortune sank with the loss of two Tresco pilots who were attempting to save the ship.
On August 31, after a five-day delay, Saab released its interim report which announced a loss of €201.5 million with revenues of €359 million after the first six months.
Of the twenty films produced in house in 1956–57, all but one lost money, but Thau turned a loss of almost $500,000 in 1957 into a profit of $5 million the next year.
Kaminsky scored a season-high 24 points in a 115–108 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on December 11.
His time with Liverpool was blighted by injury, including a near fatal accident in which he fell through a greenhouse and almost died due to the massive blood loss he endured.
He debuted in South Melbourne's 111 point loss to Essendon at Windy Hill in round 21, having 18 disposals.
In Week 2 against the Cleveland Browns on Thursday Night Football, Boyd caught seven passes for 72 yards and his first receiving touchdown of the season during the 35–30 loss.
The LOB went 2–1 in their meeting with the Patriots with their only loss against them coming in the Super Bowl (wins in 2012 and 2016).
He made his second Premier League start on 1 May against Swansea in a 3–1 loss, and was sent off for a second yellow card in the 76th minute.
The loss of these battle-hardened soldiers irretrievably weakened the German armies left to defend the great natural barrier of the Rhine, and the disintegration of the German armies in the West is shown in their more and more rapid rate of surrender as April progressed.
He made his official debut on 25 August 2018, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 loss against Halmstad.
However, the team ended their season losing four of their six last games, including a season-ending 42-3 loss to TCU in the Peach Bowl, their first major bowl appearance since the 1970 Sugar Bowl, and easily the biggest bowl game they had attended since Vaught's tenure.
He accounted for 1.5 tackles for a loss including a sack in the second quarter.
As a consequence of the regiment's redeployment at Yaroslavl province, the loss of the ammunition bought at Moscow, and the pillage of Mamonov's villages the raising of the regiment was further delayed.
The loss snapped Federer's streak of nine straight French Open quarterfinals.
| style="background:#FFECB2;" | Loss 
This is Williams' third loss to Cornet in the year, the first time she lost to a single player thrice since 2007 to Justine Henin.
His loss marked the first time in ten years that he would enter into the French Open with fewer than two European clay court titles.
Thompson threw for 249 yards with 1 touchdown in the 35-17 loss to the Tigers.
They began work on a new album inspired by Palm's health crisis and her loss of a beloved pet, as well as the social difficulties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Saunders topped his performance the following week, again serving as Hamilton's most productive receiver by catching 5 passes for 147 yards and a touchdown in a loss to the British Columbia Lions.
During Week 9 against the Carolina Panthers, Henry rushed 13 times for 63 yards and a touchdown and caught three passes for 36 yards and a touchdown in the 30–20 road loss.
It caused damage and several families were affected but there was no reported loss of life.
She suffered her only loss on clay in 2014 at Rome when she fell to Ivanovic in the third round but she bounced back at the French Open by collecting her 5th Grand Slam title when she defeated Halep again in a match lasting over 3 hours, the second longest women's Grand Slam final in history.
He was a first-team All-state, All-conference, All-region and All-district selection as a senior, after he amassed 104 total tackles, 28 tackles for loss, 12.5 sacks, 31 quarterback pressures, 5 forced fumbles, 7 pass break ups, 4 blocked kicks.
It wasn't until on 26 December 2015 when he returned to the first team, coming on as a second-half substitute, in a 2–0 loss against Derby County.
The Frohnmayer brothers are sons of former Oregon public official Dave Frohnmayer, whose plurality loss to Governor Barbara Roberts in Oregon's 1990 gubernatorial election was blamed in part on an independent candidate in the race who siphoned off conservative votes.
He made his official debut on January 5, 2014 for West Ham in a 5–0 loss against Nottingham Forest at The City Ground in the third round of the FA Cup.
Seismologist Nicholas Ambraseys described one account of the effects at Ramla as destructive and with a large loss of life (15,000 deaths, 200 of which were boys at a school).
Hasie became the first South African to score a try against an international touring side in Cape Town's 1-15 loss at Newlands on 9 July 1891.
On 13 January 2012, he appeared in his first game as a professional, playing the last 11 minutes of a 1–2 home loss against FC Barcelona in the round of 16 of the Copa del Rey.
Prior to the revelations, the team's only loss against West Virginia in Morgantown.
Being  the neuron  weight of its  input and  is the loss function.
He finished the 17–30 loss with five receptions for 61 yards and a touchdown.
On November 16, 2019 Lavine scored 36 points in a loss to the Brooklyn Nets.
The opening game was a 27–7 loss to UTSA on August 29.
According to MGM records, the film earned $552,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $217,000 in other markets, causing a loss to the studio of $1,282,000.
Greater than three mismatches demonstrates complete loss of activity.
As a senior, Ford recorded 90 tackles, including 38 tackles for loss and 18 sacks, intercepted a pass, and broke up three while being named to the Class 4A All-State team by the Alabama Sports Writers Association.
According to MGM records the film earned $379,000 in the US and Canada and $328,000 elsewhere, making a loss to the studio of $247,000.
"In forty-eight pages Patricia Polacco brings children into the loss and heartache of the Civil War."
He scored his first career touchdown on a 24-yard rushing touchdown of the first quarter of the 28–33 loss to the Chargers.
According to MGM records the movie earned $357,000 in the US and Canada and $152,000 elsewhere, making a loss to the studio of $848,000.
Mendi made his debut for the Rojiblancos' first team on 26 October 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute for Miguel Ángel Guerrero in a 0–3 La Liga away loss against Athletic Bilbao.
A Project titled DEENDAYAL UPADHYAYA GRAM JYOTI YOJANA (DDUGJY) for separation of agricultural and non-agricultural feeders, strengthening of sub-transmission and Distribution networks, metering of Distribution transformers, reduction of AT&C loss, access to power to all houseland etc.
According to MGM records, the film earned $370,000 in the US and Canada and $375,000 elsewhere, making a loss to the studio of $535,000.
Causes of the decline were mainly loss of habitat, hunting and predation by introduced animals, with numbers subsequently stabilised at a low level through legal protection and conservation management.
Based on this, they concluded that it is not the absence of the stem cells that is responsible for the hair loss but the unsuccessful activation of said cells.
Additionally, 58 of his tackles were solo and 20.5 of them were for a loss.
Georgetowns defeat at Navy this season was its 15th straight loss to the Midshipmen.
It had a half-year operating loss of ₩2.9 billion, but had nearly its doubled sales revenue from ₩159.9 billion in 2011 to ₩319.2 billion in 2012.
The fumble helped set up the Cowboys on a touchdown-scoring drive in the 42–17 loss.
Though he was retired, he still appeared occasionally in Cleveland media, doing ads for local hearing loss centers and assisted living facilities.
On 16 January 2014, Vigaray played his first official match with the first team, starting in a 0–2 home loss against FC Barcelona in the 2013–14 Copa del Rey.
Asset management increases the scale and adds investments without the loss of analytic perspective.
European Union Solidarity Fund, a disaster relief fund operated by the European Union for member states, which has a much higher threshold of loss requirement (€3 billion at 2002 prices, or more than 0.6% gross national income).
He made his Dinamo debut on 17 September in the opening matchday against Besa Kavajë which finished in a 2–0 away loss.
One of the teams scheduled games was cancelled, and its only loss was at Navy in the third game of the year.
Private Table PT; quasi-identifier QI = (  A1, ..., An ), k-anonymity constraint k; domain generalization hierarchies DGHAi, where i = 1,...,n with accompanying functions fAi, and loss, which is a limit on the percentage of tuples that can be suppressed.
It is the first aircraft loss of Turkey since its involvement in the Syrian Civil War.
| 2015-04-03 || Loss ||align=left| Saulo Cavalari || Glory 20: Dubai || Dubai, UAE || Decision (split) || 3 || 3:00 || 13-5
This reduces heat loss by more than 90 percent.
He scored a season-high 19 points on December 9, 2018, in a 104–99 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks.
For his career, he totaled 138 tackles, including 40.5 for loss, and 22 sacks.
At the fourth round, they suffered a loss to Académica do Sal, the last season match, a 2–0 win over Ribeira Brava, champion of Sãp Nicolau.
Pereira made his Premier League debut on 13 September 2020, playing the entire 0–3 home loss against Leicester City.
He was named a third-team All-MAC selection after recording a career-high 100 tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss, an interception, four pass breakups, a forced fumble and a blocked kick.
In Super Bowl LIV against the Kansas City Chiefs, Ward recorded a team high 11 tackles during the 31–20 loss.
The first aircraft, serial number 53-7841, crashed and disintegrated with the loss of all 19 on board.
She frequently writes frankly about her loss throughout the book.
Failure to remove side deck cards from the playing deck before the next game in a tournament results in a game loss, but may be downgraded to a warning in some circumstances.
Low carbon leakage could lead to a significant loss of competitiveness for Europe.
After having leaned strongly Republican until the 1960s, Minnesota had become one of the most Democratic states in the country during the 1970s: in 1972 it was George McGovern’s Second-best state in his disastrous landslide loss and more than one-seventh of the 130 counties he won nationally lay within the state.
The loss of Hull and Reynell, two of the squadron's most popular pilots, affected morale deeply.
The injury wasn't serious and he made his return to the first team weeks later, in a 6–2 FA Cup third round loss against Swansea City.
The game not only marked Georgia Tech's first loss to Duke since 2003, but also at home since 1994.
27: The bout of the tournament is fought between Hakuhō and newcomer Ichinojō, both of whom have twelve wins and one loss.
Born in São Paulo, Renan began his career on Portuguesa, and made his debut on 22 August 2013, starting in a 1–2 home loss against Bahia, for that year's Copa Sudamericana.
He was, however, opposed to the revival of Byzantine mosaics by Miksa Róth and others, describing the technique as "minute and menial", with the inevitable loss of artistic quality between the artistic design and the finished product.
Thomas made his professional debut starting on 28 January 2014 in a 2–0 League One loss to Leyton Orient, with City short on options up front manager Steven Pressley said he had no problems with throwing Thomas into the starting lineup.
On November 9, in his first career start, Kilpatrick scored in single figures for the first time in 2016–17, finishing with seven points, four rebounds and five assists in 28 minutes in a 110–96 loss to the New York Knicks.
Desertification is defined as “the rapid depletion of plant life and the loss of topsoil at desert boundaries and in semiarid regions, usually caused by a combination of drought and the overexploitation of grasses and other vegetation by people.” There is a common misconception that desertification spreads from a desert core.
He managed to record 13 points, 9 assists, and 5 rebounds in a loss to the Santa Cruz Warriors before returning to Phoenix to play against the San Antonio Spurs the next day.
The irritation caused to birds and poultry can cause loss of condition and production.
At his court martial for the loss of Crafty, the court reprimanded Spencer for having failed to keep company with Confounder and for remaining too long at anchor in the bay.
With compatriot Takeichi Harada he won in the first round against Bjørn Thalbitzer and Einar Bache for the loss of just one game.
O'Meally also questioned if there was some sort of deal between Fleischer Studios and Bolton, and questioned if Esther was ever paid for her presumed loss of revenue.
VMI was eliminated in the first round with an 86–60 loss to Princeton.
Nine days later, he recorded nine points and a career-high 12 assists in a 115–91 loss to the Charlotte Hornets.
 Defense: Michael Caputo  – 7 Total Tackles (3 Solo, 4 Assist), 1 Tackle for Loss (1 yd)
On this occasion, Count Christian assured the interviewer that he took the loss of his princely rank due to his marriage with equanimity.
Birth defects due to folate deficiency are well known, but those tied directly to the effects of UVR-induced folate loss have not been documented in modern people.
This mitigates against loss of containment in the event off a piping breach.
Stepping or losing the ball out of bounds may also be considered violations, as they result in the loss of the ball.
The pressurizer is equipped with a pilot-operated relief valve which not only protects against Reactor Coolant System over-pressure, it also allows manual depressurization in the case of a total loss of feedwater.
Using scuba, he took part in the underwater survey for the official inquiry after the 1970 Christena disaster, a ferry boat shipwreck which involved a great loss of life.
Icke was welcomed back into the North Melbourne team in round six, but following their round 11 loss to a weak St Kilda side by seven points, was dismissed from the club, along with Mick Grambeau.
Music critic Scott Beauchamp wrote that vaporwave's stance is more focused on loss, the notion of lassitude, and passive acquiescence, and that "vaporwave was the first musical genre to live its entire life from birth to death completely online".
This memorial is in the form of an obelisk, and in addition to commemorating the loss of the Eliza Fernley, it commemorates the launching of its successor in 1888, the Edith and Anne, the achievements of two earlier lifeboats, and the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria in 1887.
Criticisms include the diet's effectiveness in the long term, that it hasn't been scientifically proven, and that the weight loss could be attributed more to the low calorie intake as opposed to lunar shifts.
ACOEM authors position papers providing guidance for a variety of topics such as spirometry, noise-induced hearing loss, obesity, workplace drug screening, confidentiality of medical information, depression screening, and reproductive hazards.
It has been shown that inhibition of lead molecule(s) in a surface membrane leads to disassembly of the corresponding biomolecular network and loss of function.
The ferry was a temporary measure due to the loss of both of the bridges that crossed the river, the Victoria Bridge and the Albert Railway Bridge at Indooroopilly after the floods of 1893.
After the loss of the western provinces to the "Gallic Emperor" Postumus and the de facto secession of the eastern provinces under Odenathus of Palmyra, the Numidian garrison constituted the only substantial reserve of military manpower available to Gallienus in Europe as he faced the Scythian inroads of 267–8.
On April 4, he scored 15 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter against the Golden State Warriors in a close 107–106 loss.
The financial loss incurred by Pan puts it alongside Tomorrowland and Jupiter Ascending as one of the biggest box office failures of 2015.
Bill's attempts to stop them invariably result in disaster, and Bill's loss of his job
He would go 1–2 in three fights between 2009 and 2010 before retiring for good following a loss to Damian Wills on June 12, 2010.
Lily was only 29 years old when her husband, an Army doctor died in the Gulf War in 1994, leaving her in a state of sadness, wrought on due to the loss of her husband, as well as because of her ‘new status’ as a widow.
On November 10, he scored a then season-high 36 points with six 3-pointers in a 104–85 loss to the Sydney Kings.
They got off to a slow start losing 2–0 in China to Beijing Guoan but they then went onto get 3 wins, 1 draw, and 1 loss from their next 5 Group Stage match's finishing 2nd in the group qualifying them for the Round of 16.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the New Orleans Saints' season-opener against the Oakland Raiders and recorded five combined tackles and a pass deflection in their 35-34 loss.
Innisfail Hospital, meanwhile, suffered the loss of several windows, inciting the evacuation of patients to the first floor.
Mamić, again donning the number 3, made his competitive debut for Inter and return to the Croatian First Football League on 10 September 2017, earning a yellow card, in a 0–3 loss against his former club NK Lokomotiva.
The latter sank with the loss of four lives.
He also posted 9.5 tackles for loss, blocked 6 kicks and was 4th on the team in tackles with 52.5.
Surgery is required for patients who have failed or have contraindications to methotrexate therapy, are experiencing significant blood loss, or have signs of ectopic rupture.
The loss of both county seats eventually led the town to become extinct.
Sriranga I, during Chamaraja Wodeyar's time, carried the restoration of the Vijayanagara empire, but his reign was marred with repeated attacks and loss of territories from his Muslim neighbours.
Ngcobo was known for using his songs to give a picture of the life of a Zulu migrant worker and used the lyrics of his songs to examine themes of broken families, loss and masculinity in a constantly changing culture.
The tune deals with the loss of lead vocalist Leigh Kakaty's father.
She practiced with the lacrosse team for two weeks before scoring two goals in a close loss to the U.S. national lacrosse team in an exhibition match.
The company has promised to reimburse any fishermen who have received a loss of income as a result of the oil spill.
In addition, Mansoureh Behkish, a 2013 Frontline Award for Human Rights Defenders at Risk finalist, who has survived the loss of six immediate family members during the mass executions, continues to face interrogation, arbitrary arrest, imprisonment, denial of the right to travel overseas, and expulsion from employment.
The Turkish trenches were overrun, with the Australians capturing the wells at Beersheba and securing the valuable water they contained along with over 700 prisoners for the loss of 31 killed and 36 wounded.
| 2021-09-04 || Loss ||align=left| Artem Vakhitov || Glory 78: Rotterdam || Rotterdam, Netherlands || Decision (Majority) || 5 || 3:00
The flight to the target and the bombing was uneventful but soon after turning for home, B Flight was bounced by six Bf 109s, three of which were shot down for no loss.
They began the season with a win in the Stu Sells Oakville Tankard, followed by a loss in the first Slam, the 2015 GSOC Tour Challenge against Switzerland's Silvana Tirinzoni.
His first score-sheet contributions for the team came later in his fourth appearance, netting the opener inside four minutes in an eventual 1–2 home loss to Kastrioti Krujë.
The most common side effects include hypoglycaemia (low blood glucose) and weight loss.
He has also noted its concept as symbolical for the loss of the group's original rhythm section and their choice to move forward as a band.
The minimal amount of starting materials from a single cell makes degradation, sample loss and contamination exert pronounced effects on the quality of sequencing data.
He made his league debut on 23 November, starting in a 1–2 home loss against Deportivo Alavés in the Segunda División championship.
While in search of a minesweeper whose position marked the Soviet defensive minefield, Dzerzhinsky struck a mine and sank with heavy loss of life on 14 May.
The loss ended an 18-month undefeated streak at the Jalan Besar Stadium.
He debuted as manager against Sloboda Tuzla with a loss, in a league game on 18 July 2021.
Due to this backlash and the loss of many pledges for creators, Patreon announced that they would not be rolling out these changes, and apologized to their users.
Yim was able to bounce off the loss and defeat Reina Gonzalez to earn herself a spot for an upcoming fatal–four-way match to determine the number one contender for the NXT Women's Championship, however, the match was won by Belair.
McCormick made her debut in the W-League for Adelaide United in December 2012 in a loss to Melbourne Victory.
He made his NHL debut with the Bruins on 24 November, logging 7:53 of ice time in a 3–2 overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
It is intended for body contouring and not general weight loss.
The following game, Jack made six combined tackles and had his first career solo sack on Titans' quarterback Marcus Mariota in the Jaguars' 37–16 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
He had three carries for 24 rushing yards to go along with three receptions for 20 receiving yards and one receiving touchdown in the 24–20 loss.
Taishi then starred in the hit drama Kaseifu no Mita as one of the four children who struggles to cope with the loss of their mother.
ITV later devised a strategy to prevent the website and similar websites from doing so, fearing profit loss.
"Landscapes of loss and remembrance: the case of little Tokyo in Los Angeles."
He went on to start the next 12 games of the season, recording 36 tackles, including four for loss, four interceptions and nine pass break ups, and was named first team All-C-USA for the second consecutive season.
His first NHL assist came later that week, assisting Radim Vrbata in a 2–1 loss to the Boston Bruins.
Peterson won the fight by unanimous decision, handing Jean his first career loss.
The combined effect on consumer confidence of the loss of Flight 370 and Flight 17, and the airline's poor financial performance, led Khazanah Nasional—the majority shareholder (69.37%) and a Malaysian state-run investment arm—to announce on 8 August its plan to purchase the remainder of the airline, thereby renationalising it.
On 5 February at 2017 Auckland Nines against the Newcastle Knights, he scored a try in the 20–10 win, a try in Melbourne's 25–12 win at the quarter finals against the North Queensland Cowboys and a try in Melbourne's 16–21 loss over the Sydney Roosters at the semi-final at Eden Park.
Issues of memory continued to haunt her work particularly after the loss of her step-sister Christine Parkes with whom she often collaborated.
During his trial, he had scored three goals in two matches in the Czech Reserve League, one in a 1–2 loss to Hradec Králové and a brace in a 4–1 win overDukla Prague.
He scored his first goal for the club in a 4–1 away loss against Farense.
17 Vanderbilt in a 79–72 OT loss.
He posted a career-high 32 points and tied a career-high 4 steals on December 6 in an upset loss to NJIT.
He made his NBA debut on March 17 during a 103–69 loss to the Utah Jazz, recording one point and one steal in two minutes.
Deliver specialist group programmes for adults with hearing loss and their families,.
Eight days later, he scored a season-best 20 points to go with eight assists in 25 minutes off the bench in a 99–95 loss to the Washington Wizards.
This was the first hull loss of a British Aerospace ATP.
Family estrangement activates the grief response, this is because people who have experienced this often see it as a loss they were not prepared for and happened unexpectedly.
It was once vibrant near the north end of Sycamore Street but had declined by the late 20th century because of structural changes in industries, and loss of local jobs and customers.
Nutanix filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in December 2015, reporting a net loss in its fiscal year ending July 2015 of $126 million.
On 14 September Massimo made his Serie B debut, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 loss at Virtus Lanciano; he scored his first goal ten days later, netting his side's only in a draw at Pescara.
The males could be thermally stressed because they fly and hover at lower speeds around their territory compared to when they forage, resulting in lower levels of heat loss from the bee.
On April 12, 2014, Zalewski made his NHL debut, skating 11:47 with the Vancouver Canucks in a 5-2 loss to the Edmonton Oilers.
One aircraft is destroyed with the loss of eight lives.
He made one appearance at Haderslev in the fourth round of the Danish Cup on 7 November, a 2–1 loss after extra time to Esbjerg fB.
| 2013-03-30 || Loss ||align=left| Iman Barlow || Enfusion Live 3 || London, England || Decision (unanimous) || 5 || 3:00 || 26-8
Silvana, in Spanish, loudly criticizes Claire for abusing everyone and pushing away Jason, who is also suffering the loss of their son.
Thirdly, the event concerning the loss of eight crew from HM Sloop Investigator under the command of Matthew Flinders during February 1802 in the waters adjoining the wilderness protection area is considered to be of historical significance.
| 2012-11-02 || Loss ||align=left| Khasan Khaliev || W.A.K.O European Championships 2012, Low-Kick Final -75 kg || Ankara, Turkey || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 2:00
Seven years after that fateful day of 2007, the five have become very friendly, but they have not yet been able to recover from that loss and eagerly seek economic and emotional order.
He made his NHL debut the following day, skating 16:20 with the Sabres in a 2–1 loss to the St. Louis Blues.
In Week 5, against the Houston Texans on Sunday Night Football, he passed for 208 yards, one touchdown, and two interceptions in the 19–16 overtime road loss.
In Week 12 on Thanksgiving, he recorded his first career multi-sack game, with two sacks on Alex Smith during the 41–16 loss against the Washington Football Team.
Due to Canada's loss to Mexico 1–2 in World Cup qualifying and subsequent second place final round finish, the 86ers were also missing players for the CONCACAF–OFC play-off versus Australia at the end of the season during the start of their swoon in league results.
He debuted with Liberia in a 2–1 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Cape Verde on 7 October 2021.
Microglial phagocytosis of stressed-but-viable neurons occurs under inflammatory conditions, and may contribute to neuronal loss in brain pathologies [2].
In their lone appearance in the Tournament, the Cardinals (ranked as a 12 seed) beat the 5th seeded Tennessee Lady Volunteers 71-55, the first ever loss for the Lady Vols in the first round.
He made his debut for the Stormers in their 25–15 loss to the  in Canberra by coming on as a second-half substitute.
Other threats include persecution by hunters and farmers, as well as habitat loss.
| 2014-05-03 || Loss ||align=left| Jamal Ben Saddik || Glory 16: Denver || Broomfield, Colorado, USA || TKO (left hook) || 2 || 1:24
Despite the resulting loss of pride for the family, they yielded in order to secure the title.
The 1926 elections saw a loss of support for the ŪS, as it was reduced to 11 seats.
Capacity loss or capacity fading is a phenomenon observed in rechargeable battery usage where the amount of charge a battery can deliver at the rated voltage decreases with use.
The letter claimed that the loss of Flight 370 was in retaliation for the Chinese government's response to the knife attacks at Kunming railway station on 1 March 2014 and part of the wider separatist campaign against Chinese control over Xinjiang province.
It was then discovered that certain contracts with H G Burford & Co and D Napier & Son amounting to more than £1,000,000 were so unremunerative as to involve a probable loss of £250,000.
 British bulk freighter SS Wexford, which sank in Lake Huron with a loss of all 17 hands.
Following his return to Wolves, Iorfa made his first appearance for the club as a surprise starter in a 2–1 loss to Bournemouth at Molineux on 6 December 2014.
The real Ravi returns to his village at this scenario confusing the people who are mourning the loss of their children.
Seniors typically use counseling to discover ways to deal with grief, loss, physical limitations, financial issues, mild depression, family relationships, loneliness, isolation, housing situations, anxiety, change in cognitive function, and care giving for a spouse.
After the loss, the president resigned, and the coach was sacked, and an interim coach was appointed.
However, he subsequently suffered an injury which kept him out for four months, and only made his Série A debut on 23 September by starting in a 3–1 loss at Internacional.
In June 2019, Children in Bihar's Muzaffarpur and adjoining districts have been plagued with Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES) which has resulted in loss of lives.
It caused major loss of life and socioeconomic disruption in the region, mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Seven men were killed in the resulting explosion with the loss of  off her stern.
Indeed, there was no time change in 2015, however the annual time change was reinstated in 2016 after feedback from the public about an increase in truancy during the winter months, complaints about older computers and other electronic devices not using the right time zone, and fruit growers reporting a 15% loss in productivity.
This protocol is much simpler than the previous one, but it lacks its reliability and stability and requires the implementation of own code to handle indispensable functions for the communication between machines that are handled by TCP (such as data division through packets, automatic packet loss detection, etc.
On 31 March, he opened the score in a 2–1 away loss against Olympiacos.
The injury led to Kevin Poulin being called up from the Sound Tigers; he only played in one game, a 3–4 shootout loss to the Buffalo Sabres.
IDS was marked by an internal dispute as to whether the parties should unify or continue to operate as an alliance, with dissenting members citing loss of internal democracy and clear political goals as their chief objections.
Though these victories deprived the Archdukes of much of the propaganda value of their own victory at Ostend, the loss of the city was a severe blow to the Republic, and it brought about another Protestant exodus to the North.
By contrast, The Penguin Guide to Jazz wrote that the album "is sometimes as dry as its title" and notes that "the problem is with the recording, which has the piano too far back, the drums too far forward and the bass often loss."
In MDDS associated with mutations in RRM2B that primarily affect the brain and muscle, there is again hypotonia in the first months, symptoms of lactic acidosis like nausea, vomiting, and rapid deep breathing, failure to thrive including the head remaining small, delay or regression in moving, and hearing loss.
Prazeres lost the fight by unanimous decision, giving him his first career loss.
Chychrun made his NHL season debut on December 3, scoring a goal in a 3–2 loss to the Vegas Golden Knights.
Portugal would only lose one match in qualifying: a 2–0 loss in their opener against Switzerland.
Tahiri contributed with 39 appearances and two goals in the 2018–19 season, as RKC Waalwijk achieved promotion to the Eredivise; He made his debut in the latter competition on 3 August 2019, in a 3–1 away loss to VVV-Venlo, and netted his first goal two weeks later in a 3–3 draw with Twente.
This loss snapped UCF's three bowl game winning streak, as well as UCF's two 10-win season streak, finishing the season only 9–4 (7–1).
Neumann made his professional debut on April 5, 2014, in a 2-0 loss against D.C. United.
Mirror Magazine closed in 1970 with a loss of £7million – an astonishing miscalculation by Hugh Cudlipp’s company.
The winning streak was halted by a 63–59 overtime loss to Robert Morris, who completed a season sweep of the Mountaineers with the victory.
As a result of the extensive harvest of wild birds, in addition to habitat loss, this species is believed to be undergoing a rapid decline in the wild and therefore, has been rated as endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
In addition, the SCS involves affective disturbance, loss of cognitive control, hyperarousal and social withdrawal.
Prior to the game on March 26, West Virginia guard Daxter Miles Jr. guaranteed that the Mountaineers would hand the Wildcats their first loss of the season, claiming the Wildcats were going to be 36-1.
Much effort was given to play to the resentment children had about their situations, or about loss of family they may have endured due to the war.
While at the Zemstvo, Kedrovskiy conducted a study that revealed the loss of literacy among people whose schooling was in Russian, but who later had no access to literature written in their native Ukrainian.
The loss of heterozygosity and mutations of CDP are also associated with a variety of cancers.
The leading cause of their population decline is hunting by local villagers for meat, with habitat loss also being significant.
He was a candidate in the 2007 parliamentary by-elections for Kalungu East county, Masaka district but lost in controversial circumstances and to-date still blames President Yoweri Museveni's involvement for the loss.
After the MTM singles, Haggard was seriously injured in a car accident, suffering head injury and memory loss which required four years of recovery.
At launch, it suffered widespread technical issues resulting in the inability to play missions and loss of character data.
In testing, the researchers charged and discharged the devices for thousands of cycles with almost no loss of capacitance.
He eventually made his NHL debut on December 30, 2014, in a 4–2 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers.
The unit had a loss of four killed and seventeen wounded during the eight days of the attack, Hauge being amongst the wounded.
The loss of so many world class athletes led Chef de Mission Brian Davies to conceded that the initial target of 27 medals was now optimistic.
They finished regular season conference play with a 17–1 record, with the lone loss against St. Mary's at home.
Crouch made his AFL debut for the Crows in round 3 of the 2014 season, collecting 18 disposals in a heavy loss to .
On 25 January 2014 Gabriel played his second game for Lusa, coming on as a late substitute in a 0–1 loss at XV de Piracicaba.
Despite the increased Lumia sales, costs exceeded sales revenue by $4 million, and Microsoft posted a loss of 12 cents per phone sold.
On August 10, he exited a game 32 pitches into an ultimate 10–0 loss to the New York Mets, suffering bruising and numbness in his right middle finger.
The narrator then alludes to the death of the man in the wedding picture and about the loss of religion.
Moreover, pre-existing plaque-induced periodontitis can also cause occlusal trauma to increase the rate of connective tissue loss, which in turn may increase tooth mobility.
The planet's primordial atmosphere would have been subjected to elevated photoevaporation during that period, which would probably have largely removed any H/He-rich envelope through hydrodynamic mass loss.
Aside from Zeelandic Flanders, part of Luxembourg, and Northern Limburg, which were ceded to the Dutch to compensate for the loss of the rest of the territory, the outline of Belgium in 1914 was virtually identical to that established by the French in 1795.
The loss did not simply affect the union as a whole, as many individuals avoided involvement in future unionization drives, as they were tired of "being pulled in two different directions."
The multilevel fast multipole method (MLFMM) is used along with method of moments (MoM) a numerical computational method of solving  linear partial differential equations which have been formulated as integral equations  of large objects almost faster without loss in accuracy.
Petros scored his first professional goal on 10 July 2012, netting the last in a 3–4 away loss against Criciúma.
Those Strange Seventies or Loss of Innocence (Rus.
Among those fights, there was a first-round knockout defeat at the hands of future world champion Alex Sánchez in Camuy, Puerto Rico, and a loss to Paul Oulden at the Eastern Cape, South Africa.
On the same day, he made his Partick Thistle debut, where he started the whole game, in a 2–1 loss against Celtic.
The suburb was amongst the worst affected areas in the 1955 Hunter Valley floods, with the loss of many homes, leading to a decline in its popularity as a residential area.
2020: Loss of form, out of top 30
It also has forward() and backward() methods for computing the loss and backpropagating gradients, respectively.
Anatomie d'un régime authoritaire) "The Regional Command’s loss of influence has spread to lower levels of government as well.
He made his international debut for Paraguay in a 4-2 friendly loss to Japan on 12 June 2018.
On 10 February, Mbye played in the 2017 All Stars match for the World All Stars, starting at halfback in the 34-8 loss.
Kellett came through the Bolton Wanderers' academy and made his debut for the team in a 1–0 loss against Leicester City on 22 April 2014, coming on as a substitute for Robert Hall for the last 20 minutes of the Championship match.
Philip can still not be located for comment and Ferguson, as is revealed by Hume an early psychologist, has frequent bouts of memory loss.
The loss of the nationalist III Corps resulted in the further weakening of the nationalist defense in Guangxi while the communist victory of the Guangxi campaign was further guaranteed.
This loss distanced the team 7 points from the safe zone.
As well as the devastating injuries and loss of life, the destruction of the World Trade Centre building in New York on 11 September 2001 resulted in the destruction of civic, business and non-profit archives, and library, archaeological and art collections.
He made his debut on 4 August in the first game of the season, a 1–0 home loss to Bradford City in which he replaced Stefan Payne for the final nine minutes.
Unable to handle the loss of his best friend, Fury used a special LMD to rebuild him, occasionally killed off but rebuilt.
Just two days later, Porziņģis would follow that up with 32 points and 12 rebounds in a 121–107 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies, before leaving the game with a broken nose.
The patient can also experience damage or loss of teeth.
Bontempelli collected 24 disposals, 3 marks, 2 behinds and 7 tackles in the ' seven point elimination final loss to .
This could have resulted in a total discount (and subsequent loss of revenue to the UK Exchequer) of approximately £150 million.
In the Rams' season opener on March 18, Jones had 22 points and eight rebounds in a 114–107 loss to the Super City Rangers.
Her concern with the failure of the bill was the loss of momentum on energy because "people are worried that if we can't even pass that, we're not in good shape to tackle the bigger stuff."
Following this, in DML v Montgomery and M & T Enterprises Ltd the plaintiff alleged that the owner of a brothel at which she worked had sexually harassed her, causing humiliation, loss of dignity, and injury to her feelings.
He made his first-team debut on 11 May 2012, coming on as a late substitute in a 0–2 loss at Bahia, for that year's Copa do Brasil.
He made his debut for the club on 15 September, coming on as a late substitute in a 0–1 loss at UE Sant Andreu.
Other common symptoms which come on rapidly include neuromuscular symptoms, shock, loss of consciousness, hypotension, pallor, ataxia, excessive salivation (oral secretions may become profuse and thick), limb paralysis, nausea and vomiting, ptosis, fever, and severe abdominal pain.
This class of inhibitors have been shown to alter ghrelin signaling and reportedly result in weight loss and increased glucose tolerance.
| 2014-11-07 || Loss ||align=left| Saulo Cavalari || Glory 18: Oklahoma, Final || Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA || KO (high kick) || 3 || 0:20 || 12–2–0
On 9 July, he scored a brace to hand Kenya a 2–0 win against Swaziland at the Arthur Davies Stadium in Kitwe, Zambia in their second match of the 2013 COSAFA Cup, but could not save his side from elimination two days later when his side fell to a 2–1 loss against Botswana at the Nkana Stadium.
These declines are largely due to habitat loss, predation by deer, and competition for resources with non-native plants.
Over a five to ten-year period, this vasculopathy (blood vessel pathology) results in vision loss and destructive brain lesions with neurologic deficits and death.
On March 13, 2017, in a 120–115 loss to the Sacramento Kings, Payton had 13 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds for his third triple-double of the season.
On March 15, he had his third consecutive triple-double with 14 points, 12 rebounds and a career-high 16 assists in a 122–110 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
The incident was the largest loss of life in a mine in the United Kingdom in 1926.
Cotton farming was successful in the Tempe area until the loss of the market in the 1920s.
He made his debut in the nineteen point loss against  in round 19, 2016 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
The ship sank near Morrisburg, Ontario, in three minutes in about  of water with the loss of the captain, his son Alain, and seven others, including engineer William Demers, his wife Jacqueline, and their six-year-old daughter Nathalie.
), when she was wrecked at Port Elliot on 10 July 1856, but with no loss of life; Mennie and the harbour master Nation were highly praised for their conduct and Mennie was absolved of any blame.
 Loss of bond between the cement paste and aggregate
These three parameters are multiplied together to provide the median money loss with no security investment.
Brown started the Flying Doctors after experiencing the loss of her sister under difficult circumstances, and to improve medical services in Nigeria.
He started the Cleveland Browns' season-opener at the Philadelphia Eagles and recorded six combined tackles and sacked Carson Wentz during 29–10 loss.
He had his best game of the season against Florida International University, where he had a season-high seven tackles, 2.5 of those for a loss, and added on half a sack.
In round 1 of the 2016 NRL season, he made his club debut for St. George Illawarra against his former club, Melbourne, playing at fullback in the Saints 16-18 loss at AAMI Park.
The following week, Alexander made a season-high seven solo tackles in the Rams' 19–16 loss at the San Francisco 49ers in Week 17.
He started the Dallas Cowboys' season-opener at the New York Giants and collected six combined tackles in their 20–19 loss.
On November 12, 2017, he recorded six combined tackles, made a season-high three pass deflections, and intercepted a pass by quarterback Blake Bortles during a 20–17 loss at the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 10.
He started in place of Rashean Mathis who was unable to play after suffering from recurring symptoms from a concussion he received during a Week 7 loss to the Minnesota Vikings.
She also recorded an assist in the quarter-final loss to Venezuela.
In Week 7, Williamson recorded five combined tackles, a pass deflection, and made his first career interception off a pass attempt by Matt Ryan in the Titans' 10–7 loss to the Atlanta Falcons.
During his collegiate career, he appeared in 51 games, including 28 starts, where he accumulated 230 tackles, including 14.5 for loss, 1.5 sacks,  seven pass break-ups, one forced fumble, and four fumble recoveries.
Hunting and habitat loss caused by humans, including agricultural land conversion, caused the aurochs to go extinct in 1627, when the last individual, a female, died in Poland’s Jaktorów Forest.
As a sophomore he started 11 games, registering 88 tackles (second on the team), 13 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, 4 fumble recoveries, 3 interceptions (one returned for a 75-yard touchdown), while helping the team to a perfect 11–0 record and a number 5 national ranking.
As a senior, he recorded 199 total tackles, 114 solo stops, 16 for loss, five pass breakups, and one sack, and was named first-team ASWA 4A All-State selection at linebacker and the 4A Lineman of the Year by the Alabama Sports Writers Association.
According to the Animal Diversity Web (ADW), an online database of species distribution and conservation, the main threats to mugger crocodiles are the fragmentation and loss of natural habitat,the use of crocodile parts for medicinal purposes.
On January 7, 2017, Carrie started in his first career playoff game and recorded three solo tackles and deflected a pass during the Raiders' 27–14 loss at the Houston Texans in the AFC Wild Card Round.
López returned to the youth squad, but made his senior debut with the reserves on 9 December 2012, starting in a 0–4 away loss against Sevilla Atlético.
Depression in South Africa is often linked back to low socioeconomic factors and loss through death and abuse.
Johnson in the 27–23 loss.
She Came to Live Out Loud: An Inspiring Family Journey through Illness, Loss and Grief was published in 1999 and won health care hospice awards.
He questioned M Baskar for choosing a villain in the lead role and hero as villain (Srikanth was acting as hero those days) and he assured to M Baskar that it will be a huge loss.
Israel – The Israeli consulate in Istanbul expressed sympathy, saying they "bow their heads in sorrow at the tragic loss of life".
Ragland also had 10.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks, and a team-high three fumble recoveries.
On January 2, 2017, he scored a season-high 11 points in a 98–94 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks.
She still managed to deliver, despite the loss, a great fight against Jennifer Brady (13th at the time) in the second round though (6-4, 2-6, 7-5).
On 12 November, United crashed out of the Football League Trophy in a 1–0 away loss to Walsall.
It was created in collaboration with archaeologists from the museum and dealt with themes such as the disappearance of indigenous cultures and the loss of self in modern times.
In many parts of the range, especially Europe, historic populations decreased regionally due to human persecution (especially shooting), disturbance and epidemic loss of habitat, especially during the 19th century and early 20th.
Krasniqi made his league debut for the club on 26 January 2018 in a 2–0 away loss to Luftëtari.
The loss in the regiment, including that at the Bowling Green Road, was sixteen killed, fifty-seven wounded and twenty missing.
After the loss of his wife and two children, Church traveled to Jamaica to help him deal with his grief.
However, in that one year he put together 5 Interceptions, 82 Total Tackles (53 Solo Tackles), 4 Pass-Breakups, 9 Passes Defended, 1 Fumble Recovery, 1 Forced Fumble, 5 Tackle for Loss, and 1 Blocked Punt.
On 27 July Levski suffered their 5th lost derby in-a-row after a 0-2 loss against CSKA Sofia.
However, no patient group, placebo or glucosamine alone, or in combination, experienced joint space width loss at even half the rate expected during this study, making it difficult to assess the clinical effectiveness of any treatment on the progression of OA.
| 2013-12-22 || Loss ||align=left| Dzhabar Askerov || NewFC: Battle of the Stars || Makhachkala, Russia || Decision || 4 || 3:00
According to a report done in 2015, 41% of homeless people who were surveyed in Oakland became homeless after age 50 which is likely due to rising housing prices and loss of safety nets.
The resulting loss of information would trigger a worldwide financial collapse, as gang warfare became the only way to survive amid the chaos and destruction caused by the detonation of the generator.
The survival of the subspecies is highly dependent upon habitat availability, with another model correlating a loss of habitat to a 66% chance of extinction.
As cup winners, CLAS Casablanca qualified to play in the African Cup Winners' Cup in 1984 but were eliminated in the First Round following a 1-5 loss on aggregate against the eventual champions Al Ahly.
In Round 13, he scored his first NRL try in North Queensland's 20–22 loss to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.
This reduction is a trade off that results in some loss of effectiveness of data management or data mining algorithms in order to gain some privacy.
The Conservatives gained four seats, while the Liberal Democrats suffered a net loss of two seats.
At age five he suffered the loss of an eye in an accident.
Brian's ghost then appears to Kevin at the wake, saying that he is fine with Kevin's growing relationship with Winnie; only for Kevin to give Winnie some space so she can help get over his loss.
She was unable to win her next match, losing in three set loss to 20 year old Zarina Diyas in the second round.
The Strangeways Brewery kegging facility closed in 2003 with the loss of 50 jobs.
In the midst of a 12-game win streak in preseason games, it ended with an 81–85 loss to the Wizards.
Labour's loss of Shrub End to the Conservatives meant they dropped to 6 councillors, while the Greens failed to win any seats despite getting 32% of the vote in Castle ward.
That day, the Baltimore Sun reported the loss of the entire Brown party.
Next and their last participation was disastrous loss to Finnish champion Kuusysi Lahti.
He headed the group that developed the Mark 45 torpedo, planned and oversaw Operation Sandblast, the first submerged circumnavigation of the world, and directed the investigation into the loss of the USS Thresher (SSN-593).
Still in terrible grief over the loss of Tou Fa, Cheung Sing believes Mei Neong was directly involved with Tou Fa's death and prepares to become a suicide bomber to take her with him in the afterlife.
Gbohouo made his debut for the Ivory Coast national team on 6 July 2013, in a 4–1 loss against Nigeria at the 2014 African Nations Championship qualification.
On 25 May 2014, León made his professional debut, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–2 loss at Córdoba CF in the Segunda División.
After World War II (1939–45) Lumiton faced increased government regulation, rising costs and loss of audiences to more sophisticated Hollywood productions.
On December 18, Durant injured his ankle during the second quarter of the streak-breaking 109-114 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
In 1890 a fire severely damage the Sala de la Barca, resulting in the loss of its wooden ceiling.
Due to the loss of the Chill's home arena, the team ceased operations and the franchise was sold to the Oklahoma City Jr. Blazers organization in 2020.
Nominal loss at 100 MHz is 42 dB/km.
A win is worth 1 point, a draw is worth 0.5 points, and a loss is worth 0 points.
Cordgrass normally anchors sediment in salt marshes; its loss leads to decreased substrate hardness, increased erosion, and collapse of creek banks into the water, ultimately resulting in decreased marsh health and productivity.
The next day the same happened, Upamanyu was in perfect condition without any loss of weight.
She then played in the Gippsland Trophy and made the third round with straight sets wins over Mihaela Buzarnescu, with the loss of just two games, and Polona Hercog.
On 10 September he played his first match as a professional, starting in a 1–0 away loss against Deportivo Alavés in the second round of the Copa del Rey.
(2) The United States has the highest per capita rate of death and property loss from fire of all the major industrialized nations in the world.
He scored his first goal in the competition seven days later, but in a 4–2 loss at SD Ponferradina.
Shrestha played the two legs against Timor-Leste but after Nepals 9-0 loss to Jordan, he quit the senior national team.
Their journey ended in the semi-finals after a 2–0 loss against the host-nation France, the French first competitive win against Germany in 58 years.
Rao is rushed to the hospital where he slips into a coma due to heavy blood loss.
It is further assumed that there is no friction or heat loss at the shock (because heat transfer is negligible because it occurs on a relatively small surface).
Butler prevailed 64–58, Georgetown's first loss to Butler in four meetings all-time between the schools.
Evaporation, heat loss and condensation kill the pests.
He made his debut for the club – and in the Série A – on 11 July, replacing Felipe Azevedo in a 0–2 home loss against Atlético Mineiro.
He made his Topklasse debut against the Kozakken Boys on 25 October 2014 in another 2–0 loss.
The club also registered an accounting loss of €611,111, the residual accounting value of the players.
FEESST is the only test currently available which can identify if there is any loss of sensation in the throat area.
The loss of Alsace-Lorraine was a recurring theme in his work.
After a loss to the Springfield Lasers, the Aviators headed to Forest Hills Stadium for their first match in New York City since July 23, 2013, when they were the home team playing as the New York Sportimes.
Another disadvantage is that while STP does allow for the theoretically possibility of full employment, the USSR often achieved full employment by operating enterprises at a loss or leaving workers idle.
The system later struck Atlantic Canada, likely causing "great loss of property and lives", though damage reports were limited.
He scored the only goal for Malaysia XI against Tottenham Hotspur in a 1–2 loss for Malaysia XI.
In November 2016, the Bolivar Fuerte saw its largest monthly loss of value ever.
| 4 || Walky Stages || Loxton || 27 September Event canceled due to Loss of Clerk of Course|-
With this loss, the team finished the first half of the league in the fifth position with 38 points.
The death of Habib Ali Kwitang according to Hamka was very big loss for the nation, because Habib Ali's struggle for preaching had made many people in Jakarta became better Muslims.
Moore was defeated via unanimous decision and was handed his first professional loss.
Reasons for this transformation that have been advanced include changes in leisure habits, the rise of socialism and the Labour movement, loss of middle class certainty about the validity of the gospel and its imposition on the working class as a solution to social ills.
Despite the loss, the Badgers would qualify for the NCAA Tournament, their seventh in program history.
He also scored his first points for the Blue Bulls, kicking a penalty and a conversion in their 23–25 loss to the .
The band's lyrics are mostly autobiographical, often focusing on themes such as nature, family, friendship, love, loss, and beauty.
Mutations in RIPOR2 are associated to hearing loss.
In his book A Sting in the Tale (2013), he described a causal link between World War II and the decline of the bee as a result of intensive farming, pesticide use, and the resultant habitat loss, initially caused by a need to increase wartime food production.
On February 28, 2018, he again tied his career high with 21 points in a 111–110 overtime loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
On February 7, 2014, they officially announced that they were a part of an Acoustic 4 Way Split with A Loss For Words, Wind in Sails and After Tonight which was set to release on April 1, 2014.
In the Nuggets' regular season finale on April 11, 2018, Jokić recorded 35 points and 10 rebounds in a 112–106 overtime loss to the Minnesota Timberwolves.
On December 6, Jokić recorded his 60th triple-double, in a 109–97 loss to the Chicago Bulls, overtaking Larry Bird for 8th on the all time career triple-double list.
In the first fight he suffered his second career loss, this time by decision against future Cage Warriors Welterweight Champion and fellow future UFC fighter Cathal Pendred.
Loss of original or long-term Greek properties
On November 20, he had a season-best game with 13 points and 11 rebounds as a starter in a loss to the Boston Celtics.
On October 29, in a 103–93 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers, Turner had three blocks to tie James Edwards (391) for number eight on the franchise's NBA career list.
17 August Aeroflot Flight 36, an Il-18B (CCCP-75705, c/n 189001702), crashed near Tarasovich, Kiev Oblast due to loss of control following an in-flight fire, killing all 34 passengers and crew on board.
A false start, a short pass to the sideline for one yard, a rush for loss, and a short four yard gain to the flat resulted in a fourth down from the 27 yard line.
Levante were the first team to be mathematically relegated to the Segunda División, following a 1–3 loss against Málaga on 2 May 2016.
Over the course of qualifying, Croatia racked up nine wins, two draws, and one loss.
Both the vessel and cargo were a total loss.
With respect to tax loss reported for the tax period which begins no earlier than on 1 January 2020, new rules apply.
In all, North Trinidad played 33 first-class matches, with seven wins, one loss (to Central Trinidad in the 1973-74 final) and 25 draws.
Many Dharma songs, like "Orphan's Lament," are dramatic stories of grief and loss that seemed unrelated to the classical Theravāda path to liberation.
After a 36-24 loss against Melbourne in the qualifying final, Parramatta played against South Sydney in the elimination final at Bankwest Stadium.
(2) when properly installed and maintained, automatic sprinklers and smoke detectors provide the most effective safeguards against the loss of life and property from fire
Adding to the problem would be the loss of information from the ROC, who would not be able to spot the aircraft except under the very best conditions.
The calculation indicated that if the operation lasted 20 days, the loss in GDP would be 0.4%.
This match, however, ended in a shocking loss for Brazil; Germany led 5–0 at half time, with four goals scored within six minutes, and subsequently brought the score up to 7–0 in the second half.
This resulted in a $40 million revaluation of the company's property and plants (down to $81 million) and the loss of its fiscal surplus.
Field management was established in November 1916, when the Dobruja Army was disbanded after the loss of the Cernavodă-Constanța line (following the Second Battle of Cobadin) to the German-Bulgarian-Ottoman Army under command of August von Mackensen.
The 1934 Nanga Parbat climbing disaster resulted in the loss of 10 lives on Nanga Parbat, the world's ninth-highest mountain, during the 1934 climbing season, including nine climbers who died in what was, at the time, the single deadliest mountaineering accident in history.
He had his first game at 26 January 2000, in a 51-7 loss to Italy XV, in Livorno, in a tour.
Dart's move is estimated to have resulted in an after-tax loss of about $70 million.
He played his first match as a professional on 23 August, replacing Vallho in the 78th minute of a 2–0 away loss to UD Las Palmas.
On April 30, Al Ahly won the Egyptian Handball League after beating Sporting SC in the 24th round, Al Ahly had 24 wins in row (without any loss or a draw), this was the fifth title in this great season.
Distraught, he blames the demon and the forest for the loss of his beloved wife.
These features include a loss of apical microvilli such that the apical plasma membrane becomes flattened.
In separate telephone calls to Abbas and Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, he spoke of the British government’s "deep concern about the number of civilian casualties and the need for all sides to avoid further civilian injuries and the loss of innocent life."
With this loss, South Africa lost consecutive home Test matches for the first time since 2010/11; and lost four consecutive Test matches for the first time since 2010.
In his senior season, St. Anthony came inches from a rare state tournament loss, a matter that was featured in the 2010 documentary, The Street Stops Here.
Despite her crews best efforts, Callaghan sank at 02:35 with the loss of forty-seven members of her crew.
It concluded that Branstetter had lost control of the aircraft, although the reason for the loss of control could not be determined.
 31 May — Unnamed vessel (): The ship was driven ashore and wrecked at Plymouth, Devon, England with the loss of five of her crew.
He made his senior team international debut in a 3-0 loss against Japan, coming on with 10 minutes left on the clock.
    Loss Of Virginity Production
He made his debut for Karviná on 26 August 2017, in a 0–1 home league loss against Slovan Liberec, coming in as a 77th minute substitute for former teammate Peter Štepanovský.
On the night of 6/7 February, the 101st Regiment and the 22nd Regiment (attached to the 304th Division), supported by 12 PT-76 lights tanks of the 203rd Armored Regiment overran the US special forces camp at Lang Vei killing 316 of the camp's defenders including seven Americans for the loss of 90 PAVN killed and seven tanks destroyed.
It is an all-inclusive insurance policy that offers coverage against medical emergencies and travel hazards such as loss of luggage and travel documents, delay in flights, and cancellation.
He earned his first cap on 8 June 2015, in the 0–4 loss against Turkey in another exhibition game, after coming on as a substitute during the second half.
After round nine, he earned the round nomination for the AFL Rising Star where he recorded sixteen disposals, eight marks and two goals in the sixty-one point loss against .
After going 15 league games unbeaten, a loss in April at Salgueiros and a draw at home against Estrela da Amadora made it necessary to win at the Estádio José Alvalade to retain their first-place position; a hat-trick from João Pinto in a 6–3 win put the title only six points away.
The Seleção went on to lose 1–7 to the Germans, their biggest ever defeat at the World Cup and first home loss in a competitive match since 1975.
In a decisive loss, Mason was floored in both the first and fifteenth rounds.
He also started six matches in the club's Taça da Liga run, that ended on 20 May 2016 with a 6–2 loss to S.L.
He was awarded the captaincy in August 1966, but a loss of form saw him lose it to Bobby Ross four months later.
Osaka described being happy despite the loss and discussed steps she is taking to improve her mental health and have "more fun on the court".
On November 8, 2011, Roll recorded a career-high 27 points, shooting 13-of-17 from the field, along with four rebounds and three assists in a 72–76 loss to BC Enisey.
José Ángel made his La Liga debut on 24 August 2014, starting as a defensive midfielder in a 0–3 away loss against Barcelona.
Backing up 7'1" (216 cm) Luke Schenscher at centre in his debut game on 9 November, Motum recorded 28 points and 6 rebounds in the 36ers' 100-107 loss to the Sydney Kings.
described it as a "sublime catharsis after the group's tragic loss and a perfect distillation of what the band do best".
All the stories have in common a loss of the books, water, and an invading Chinese tribe.
On December 26, Watanabe posted his second double-double with 26 points and 13 rebounds, both career-highs, in a 144–99 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The day after Styles' title loss, a match between him and Yoshitatsu was announced for Power Struggle.
The Kuomintang caucus of the Kaohsiung City Council sued Mayor Chen Chu for negligence that led to loss of life.
As of 2014, Russia's Finance Minister announced that the sanctions had cost Russia $40 billion, with another $100 billion loss in 2014 taken due to the decrease in the price of oil the same year driven by the 2010s oil glut.
Hybrid plasmonic waveguide provides large confinement of light at a lower loss compared to many previously reported plasmonic waveguides.
While he wore a mask during his introductions, Volador Jr. removed it for the match as he was no longer allowed to wrestle while masked, due to a loss he suffered at the previous anniversary show.
Vanderbilt gave Minnesota its worst loss of the year, winning 16–0.
In Angers' first final since 1957 on 27 May, he played the entirety of a 1–0 loss to Paris Saint-Germain FC.
Reports differ as to whether loss was due to a storm or fog.
He led the team in tackles and sacks and tied for the team lead in tackles for loss during the preseason.
Mark launched the 8 Week Run weight loss and nutrition program in 2014 featured on the HLN series 8 Weeks New Body New Life, which will also be featured in his upcoming book published by Harper Collins entitled Why Kids Make You Fat and How to Get Your Body Back, which is scheduled for release on April 28, 2015.
It would mean Fletcher receiving solitary confinement and loss of remission, but at least Godber would be safe and his record clean.
Maj-Gen S. Woodburn Kirby, History of the Second World War, United Kingdom Military Series: The War Against Japan Vol I, The Loss of Singapore, London: HM Stationery Office, 1957/Uckfield: Naval & Military, 2004, ISBN 1-845740-60-2.
In the quarterfinals, Belgium then suffered a heartbreak loss to home team Japan.
In Week 11, Jordan was The Biggest Loser on the ranch, but Damien had the highest percentage of weight loss overall at Comeback Canyon.
Even with their six extra pounds, the team's total weight loss is only 33 pounds, or 1.72% of their total weight.
The Blue Team's total weight loss is 19 pounds, 1.77%.
This brings Rob's total weight loss this season to 150 pounds, an incredible feat.
It wasn't until on 7 May 2017 when he returned to the starting line–up and played 82 minutes before being substituted, in a 3–0 loss against Excelsior.
The situation proved too hard for Stephen Henty, and even though Koort Kirrup was captured, Henty abandoned the Mount Gambier property later in 1844 with significant loss of capital.
Rubber loss was about 2.32 million plants of 70,000 mu, accounting for 70% of the county's planting area that year.
On December 16, 2018, Harris recorded three solo tackles, deflected two passes, and made his first career interception during a 30-16 loss at the Cincinnati Bengals.
He made his debut for the club, starting the whole game in the right–back position, in a 1–0 loss against Solihull Moors on 11 August 2018.
The latter finds him in a café, where he speaks of his emotional overload, both from the loss of his father and the girl who appreciated and loved him, Zhang Mei.
General Lane reported his loss to be one killed and six wounded.
Ristić made his international debut for the Serbia national football team in a friendly 3-0 loss to Qatar.
He set Southeast Missouri career records with 21.5 sacks and 44.0 tackles for loss.
Schmidt played for a  in a compulsory friendly against the  prior to the 2011 Currie Cup Premier Division, scoring 10 points in a 28–25 loss, but failed to make the squad for the competition proper.
The Racquets' inaugural match was a 35–26 loss at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Arena to the San Francisco Golden Gaters on May 8, 1974.
Given the number 5 jersey, Gersbach made his debut in an unfamiliar centre-back role in a 1–0 loss to US Orléans.
He made his first appearance of the season as a substitute in a 0–2 away loss to Aston Villa on 25 November.
3 February 1993 A Yakutavia An-24B (47180) ran off the runway on takeoff from Ust-Kuiga due to loss of control; all 27 on board survived, but the aircraft was written off.
Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com gave Aquaman three-and-a-half out of four stars, positively comparing the film to SpongeBob SquarePants in its lack of concern for scientific accuracy, along with praising the treatment of characters crying as "a normal byproduct of pain or joy" instead of "a shameful loss of dignity."
 No Sanctuary (A Loss for Words album)
 Recurrent Pregnancy Loss - ECAB (2009) Elsevier Health Sciences,
The team's only loss was to Harvard by a 20–0 score in the final game of the season.
He made his second debut for Lincoln in a 3–1 away loss against his former club, Woking, on 6 September 2014.
The team finished with a 7–1–1 record under first-year head coach Walter G. Andrews, outscoring opponents by a total of 322 to 35 with the sole loss being to Harvard by 16–6 score.
Toxic optic neuropathy refers to the ingestion of a toxin or an adverse drug reaction that results in vision loss from optic nerve damage.
Figueroa signed with Carolina RailHawks in May 2014, making his professional debut on June 8, 2014 in a 1-6 loss against FC Edmonton.
This loss ended Williams' bid to win a calendar-year Grand Slam.
He also led the team and was ninth in the MAC with 13 tackles for loss.
The loss of the regiment caused much controversy in Britain and within the UN Command.
In the game, Davis was tagged with the loss after she failed to make it out of the 3rd inning, giving up 3 earned runs in 2.1 innings.
Her work became particularly influenced by Sufi whirling: the loss of orientation and sense of ecstasy that this practice generates allows for a change in consciousness which guided the artist in her painting.
On 12 August 2014 Sterling-James made his professional debut, coming on as a late substitute in a 2–0 Football League Cup away loss against Brighton & Hove Albion.
The Washington University Bears of St. Louis gave the Commodores their only loss of the season, 12–11.
On October 6, Czechoslovakia beats Switzerland 5–0, and the Swiss's annus horribilis continues with a loss to Austria on October 27, on Bern's home turf.
The loss to Texas was the first intersectional contest at the State Fair of Texas.
Marval was convicted of manslaughter by Mr. Justice Cleland following the 1941 death of Edith Millburn, aged 20, from blood loss following "an illegal operation".
The diffusion of ions out of the tooth, known as the demineralisation process, will result in loss of mineral content.
Ten days later, he announced his departure from the club only one day following the loss to Lufëtari.
He made his Hartlepool United debut, where he started the whole game, in a 1–0 loss against Grimsby Town on 7 January 2017.
The loss of the Confederacy's last port was a major factor in Robert E. Lee's decision to surrender at Appomattox
This proved to be a fortunate appointment for Edward, as the Blenheim disappeared in a gale the following year with the loss of Sir Thomas and her entire crew.
The 1958 Mars Bluff B-47 nuclear weapon loss incident was the inadvertent release of a nuclear weapon from a United States Air Force B-47 bomber over Mars Bluff, South Carolina.
During a Week 8 14-27 road loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, Hurns caught his first touchdown of the season on a 12-yard reception from Ryan Fitzpatrick.
The 1926 Buckeyes improved to 7-1 with their only loss coming against Michigan.
On 12 October 2013, he was the last of three of the team's players sent off in a 2–1 loss at Atlético Sanluqueño for the season's Segunda División B.
Born in Sils, Girona, Catalonia, Vallho graduated from local Girona FC's youth system, and made his senior debut on 24 April 2005, starting in a 0–1 home loss against CA Osasuna B in the Segunda División B.
Other disasters at gold mines such as those resulting in loss of life are also listed.
On 3 May 2018, he played in the Europa League semi-final as Olympique de Marseille played out a 1–2 away loss but a 3–2 aggregate win to secure a place in the 2018 UEFA Europa League Final.
That game, a 10-0 loss to Cornell, was also played at the South Side Baseball Grounds.
On 24 August 2014 Cruz played his first match as a professional, replacing Chumbi and scoring his side's last of a 2–3 home loss against AD Alcorcón.
The British were able to repulse them with heavy loss of life to the Matabele force.
Fritz's grass court season was highlighted by a close three set loss to Roger Federer at Stuttgart.
Major parasite burden can result in damage to the host gill and anaemia from blood loss.
This was on the basis that this case involved not an employment issue, but for wrongly being expelled from the union, a tenuous basis, considering the loss of his union membership did result in him losing his job.
He made his debut on 6 September 2019 as a 70th-minute substitute in a 2-0 loss to Slovenia.
She suffered her first career loss to Garbiñe Muguruza in an epic three sets in the third round of the French Open.
The ISIL attack drew a second round of criticism of the U.S. president's withdrawal order, with critics linking the attack with an emboldening of ISIL terror and insurgent tactics due to the announcement of a U.S. pullout, despite the group's continued loss of territory in Syria.
The loss to Florida in 1984 ended a six-game winning streak for Georgia.
Juanpi made his full international debut on 14 November 2014, replacing Frank Feltscher in the 58th minute of a 0–5 loss against Chile at the Estadio CAP in Talcahuano.
Castillejo made his debut with the first team on 29 August 2014, coming on as a substitute for fellow youth graduate Juanmi in the 57th minute of a 3–0 La Liga away loss to Valencia CF.
The loss of  in September 1871 led to concerns about the stability of turret ships, and a special committee was set up to determine their seaworthiness.
On October 1, against Army, he had 138 rushing yards and a touchdown in the loss to the Black Knights.
In the 16–27 NFC Wildcard loss to the Carolina Panthers, he caught a one-yard touchdown.
Two weeks later, now working as an active competitor, LeRae suffered her first loss as she was unable to defeat Bianca Belair.
Entitled Paean, and with album sleeve text bemoaning the loss of the company-mindedness of the 1930s–1950s, it was released via Skye Records in 1969.
He set the school record in career sacks (33) and finished third all-time in tackles for loss (45).
He made his full international debut for Montenegro on 29 May 2016, coming on as a substitute in a 1–0 friendly loss away against Turkey.
He played his first match as a professional on 30 August, starting in a 0–1 home loss against Nea Salamis Famagusta FC.
She never fully recovered from this loss, neglected her health, and died of a tumor at the age of forty-seven.
Sheridan's verse about the loss of the frigate, Saldanha, on the coastline of Ireland on 4 December 1811, was described by Captain Jesse in the biography The Life of George Brummell as having more originality than any of Sheridan's father's poems.
Vanderbilt finished with a 3-6-1 record including a 25-21 loss to 17th ranked Alabama.
Yirmiya also discovered (together with Itai Bab from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem), the existence of brain-to-bone communication pathways, mediated by the sympathetic and Parasympathetic nervous system, and reported that chronic stress-induced depression produces bone loss via modulation of these pathways, forming the foundations of a new field of research that we termed "NeuroPsychoOsteology".
In overruling the District Court judge's rationale that Rutherford could have mitigated the loss by inspecting the vehicle himself, Cooke J said that Rutherford could have relied on the inspection certificate here due to it having been recently issued at the time of purchase.
Neutral loss of ammonia from Arg leads to fragment ions (y-17) or (b-17) ions with higher abundance than their corresponding ions.
The indigenous Khasi tribals began to consider the Dkhars responsible for their unemployment, poverty and the loss of 'tribal lands'.
He started the season shaky in a loss in the season opener against Notre Dame; Swoopes was 7-of-22 for 93 yards and had ten rushing attempts for 17 yards.
He played his first Serie B match later on 22 September 2015 in the 4–1 away loss to Crotone, starting and playing for 57 minutes.
He was named "Mr. Football” for Class AAAA in Tennessee recording 101 tackles, 35 tackles for a loss, 22 sacks, four forced fumbles, a fumble recovery and five passes defended his senior year.
He recorded 58 tackles, 8.5 sacks (tied for the team lead) and 15 tackles for loss (third on the team).
On 10 February 2017, Campbell-Gillard returned from a broken back to represent his Fijian heritage while playing for the World All Stars against the Indigenous All Stars, starting at prop in the 34-8 loss at Hunter Stadium.
He led his Team Black with 17 points and 4 assists in 82–87 loss to Team Red.
Former Blue Jay Matt Boyd started the first game for Detroit and took the loss, yielding 3 home runs to Toronto's potent offence.
In Week 12 against the Tennessee Titans, Brissett recorded two rushing touchdowns during the 45–26 loss.
With the 2017 Minnesota Twins, Haley appeared in 10 games, all in relief, with a 6.00 ERA, 14 strikeouts, six walks, and one save in 18 innings pitched; he did not have a win or a loss.
The team lost on Opening Day to the New York Mets, with Max Scherzer getting his first regular-season start as a Washington National and taking the loss despite pitching well, with shortstop Ian Desmond and second baseman Dan Uggla contributing to the defeat with defensive miscues in the middle infield.
On 29 September 2007, at the age of 18, he made his debut with the first team, coming in as a 77th-minute substitute in a 0–2 away loss against CD Castellón.
On July 16, he recorded his second triple-double of the season with 26 points, 10 rebounds and 13 assists in a 112–101 loss to the Brisbane Spartans.
Golden missed the Arizona Cardinals' Week 17 loss to the Seattle Seahawks after suffering a knee injury.
Demolishing Bruce Hall was also a significant loss for the architectural community, as reported in ArchitectureAu on 7 April 2017:
If the four channels are decoded and afterwards re-encoded to one channel, a normal mono sound with no loss results.
On 18 December he first appeared with the main squad, starting in a 1–0 Copa del Rey away loss against Elche CF.
He had 2 rebounds and a block but did not score in the team's first-round loss to Team Arkansas.
David Ortiz hit his 494th career home run in the 5–4 loss to the New York Mets at Citi Field.
The shot by Rizzo, was his second in two games against reliever Kevin Siegrist, who was charged with the loss.
He made his Segunda División debut on 7 December, starting in a 0–1 home loss against FC Barcelona B.
The Persian besiegers were forced away with the loss of most of their equipment and saving a much exhausted garrison desperate for relief.
Clay played #1 for the Bruins throughout the entire 2014 season, ending with the Bruins’ loss to Oklahoma 4-2 in the NCAA Semifinals.
Given that deterioration of Puffcorn products is primarily attributed to loss of crispness, it is crucial that the packaging provides a barrier against water vapour.
Ansgar blames Nathalie and can't cope with the loss of his son.
He made his professional debut with the latter on 13 February 2010, playing 11 minutes in a 1–0 away loss against S.L.
Free agency compensation picks are additional selections awarded to teams based on their net loss of players during the free agency trade period.
It was served with a notice to improve by the Education Funding Agency in August 2016, due to an "apparent loss of financial control".
After a loss to Dhiego Lima, Rainey signed with Bellator MMA.
Traynor was captain of the team during the mid 1920s and right up until the 1930 final series in Snowy Justice's absence He played in the infamous match known as the Earl Park Riot on 11 August 1928  as well as St George's 1930 Grand Final loss to Western Suburbs on 4 Oct 1930.
This strategy substantially reduces the quantity of expensive raw materials in the perovskite precursor ink and reduces the toxic waste production by spin coating through two key routes: minimizing precursor loss during the processing of perovskite films and enhancing the lifetime and shelf-life of the inks by suppressing aggregation of precursor colloids.
The bill was inspired by events such as the loss of Lois Lerner's emails, an important part of the 2013 IRS controversy.
On April 2, 2016, the Shuckers hosted an exhibition game against the Milwaukee Brewers, a 7–4 loss attended by 5,152 people.
In a December 2015 report entitled Digital Bait commissioned by Digital Citizens, security company RiskIQ reported that 1 in 3 visitors to content theft websites exposed themselves to malware that can lead to identity theft, financial loss and ransomware.
Compensation claims submitted to US commissioner Gilchrist in New York, in January 1913, included a submission from Björnström-Steffansson demanding $100,000 ($2.4 million equivalent in 2014) in compensation for the loss of La Circassienne au Bain, a large neoclassical oil painting by French painter Merry-Joseph Blondel.
Due to Riley's actions when the dimensions once more separated, having aided Yuya in resisting Zarc, Yuto was presumed to have died until Shay sensed his presence within Yuya's body following the former's loss.
The film recorded a loss of $490,000.
However, the UPFA recorded a loss of votes in the province, after Presidential Election 2015 number of UPFA councillors crossed over to UNP to back Harin Fernando which enabled him to secure the position of Chief Minister and toppling the UPFA rule in Uva Province.
The volume of the corpus callosum, a large white matter tract that connects the two cerebral hemispheres, is shown to decrease with alcohol misuse due to a loss of myelination.
Chiesa appealed to the Oklahoma State Athletic Commission to overturn the defeat, claiming referee Mario Yamasaki erred both in stopping the fight despite no tapout nor loss of consciousness and in allowing Lee to use illegal downward elbows, which cut his head.
First aid blanket, a blanket which may be used to reduce heat loss in a patient's body
Acting as a farm team for Benfica, he represented the Reds on one occasion, a 0–2 home loss against Vitória S.C. on 30 May 1997.
Loss of the Général Chanzy
Continuous insulation with high R-values reduces heat loss by transmission in walls and ceilings.
The Indians' first game at the newly renovated Progressive Field was on April 10, an 8–4 loss to the rival Detroit Tigers.
Two runs in the eighth inning led to a 2–1 loss the next night.
In a 10–5 loss to the Pirates on August 13, starter Lance Lynn recorded just two outs while allowing seven runs total, three earned, in the first inning.
In the ACC Coastal Division match-up against Duke, Brewer went 24/45 for 270 yards and 3 touchdowns in a 45-43 4OT loss.
The sitting Plaid Cymru councillor, John Crossley, chose to contest Llangeler and the party did not field a candidate, leading to the loss of the seat to the Independents.
He concluded by saying "Moving like a rocket, this episode is fast, funny, exciting, and, ultimately, sad, ending with what seems like the loss of another team member.
Moya reached his first goal on 6 December, in a 1–2 home loss against Mirandés.
Erosion and loss to the sea
He subsequently played in all but 25 seconds of the team's 106–97 loss to the Atlanta Hawks, recording 12 points, 7 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals and 1 block.
I hurt and ache daily for the loss I've created in the Marksberrys' family, but I hurt as well.
The loss of Messenia was particularly damaging to the Spartans, since the territory comprised one-third of Sparta's territory and contained half of their helot population.
He made his debut for the Sorocaba-based club on 19 January 2014 in a 1-0 loss against one of his former clubs, Rio Claro Futebol Clube.
It was not until 21 January 2015 that he scored his first Zulte-Waregem goal, in a 4–2 loss against Anderlecht in the quarter-final of Beker Van Belgie.
Returning to medical school, Jack struggled with continued loss when his widowed-stepmother Kate (Laurel Devenie) departed leaving him as the sole Hannah in Ferndale.
With the subsequent financial loss from this project, his film career came to an end.
He played in the devastating 1975 Grand Final loss to Eastern Suburbs but returned in 1977 to play in the 1977 Grand Final victory over Parramatta Eels, scoring a penalty try in the last minutes of the match.
He scored his first international goal in a 3-1 loss against Romania.
Budgen played in Canterbury's first ever game as a club in Round 1 1935 against North Sydney at North Sydney Oval which ended in a 20–5 loss.
The game did not take place on Thanksgiving due to weather and was moved to December 5, resulting in a large loss on money for both schools.
The magnitude of loss varies annually based on symptom severity and location.
The Horned Frogs's season ended with an overtime loss to the Southern Miss Lady Eagles in the second round of the tournament.
Seven intermediate supporting piers were added in 1919, constructed of blue brick and irregularly spaced to avoid the road and river beneath, thus resulting in the loss of the viaduct's symmetry.
They fell to Philadelphia 2–0 in the first round, with the loss setting the stage for a period of rebuilding in the coming decade.
The arcebically titled Africa Is in a Mess: What Went Wrong and What Should Be Done reflects on the decades since independence with pragmatism and regret, observing the loss of both leadership and ingenuity as the continent's intellectual elite settle abroad, while suggesting how this process might be reversed.
HNL side Osijek, debuting for his new club in a 0–1 home loss against Rijeka on 13 September 2014, coming in for Ivan Baraban in the second half.
He made his Oman Professional League debut on 19 November 2014 in a 1-0 loss against Bowsher Club and scored his first goal on 27 September 2014 in a 2-0 win over Al-Seeb Club.
As the month closed, Garrett won AFC Defensive Player of the Month for October after compiling six sacks, 14 tackles, four for a loss, and two forced fumbles.
This is notable because loss of forest habitats puts biodiversity in jeopardy.
He made his La Liga debut on 17 August, playing the entire 4–4 away draw against Villarreal CF, and scored his first goal on 5 October in a 4–2 loss at Real Madrid.
He scored the only goal for the Home-based Eagles in their opening 2–1 loss to Mali.
Since the earthquake, Tevel has also brought in trauma experts to teach village teachers how to help their students cope with the loss of family members and their homes.
He was inactive for the Chiefs' Week 11 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers after suffering a hip pointer the previous week.
The net operating loss was forecast as £11,804 per annum however this was considered acceptable for making agriculture possible on  of previously undeveloped land.
The Second Army had fought the Battle of Hébuterne (7–13 June) on a  front at Toutvent Farm, to the west of Serre, against a salient held by the 52nd Division and gained  on a  front, at a cost of   killed against a German loss of  Later in 1915, the area around Mametz became a backwater.
Sewanee beat the previous season's champions LSU and Auburn, and upset rival Vanderbilt, handing the school its first loss to a Southern team in six years.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Seattle Seahawks' Week 2 matchup against the Los Angeles Rams, but had no gain on two carries in their 9–3 loss.
The loss of political significance did not cause the complex to fall into decay.
Zilberman, Kaplan, and Wesseler (2015) tried to understand the welfare loss associated with delayed adoption of GM technologies due to regulatory barriers.
In the Bruins' 40–35 win over Kansas State in the Alamo Bowl, Kendricks was named the game's defensive most valuable player after recording 10 tackles, including three tackles for loss.
It was reported that over 90% of structures on the island suffered damage, with widespread loss of electricity and basic facilities.
However, the company was operating at a loss, presumably because of the significant expenditures it was making to acquire competitors in preparation for significantly increased cannabis demand by the recreational use market expected to commence in 2018.
Sea Eagles captain Paul Vautin would later claim that his side's loss came down to the team's lackadaisical attitude toward the game, saying that Manly treated the fixture as an opportunity to travel to England for a holiday, where they would continue their grand final celebrations.
He continued his spree of appearances, and was issued a yellow card in the 4–3 loss to Sydney FC.
He was moved inside in 2015 and his production dipped a bit with 47 tackles, 11 for loss, four sacks and six pass breakups.
Under this, it is compulsory to make a trading account, the profit and loss account, and balance sheet.
Their own disordered production of Macbeth is doomed by the loss of Evan and Marigold.
He made his professional debut on 11 October, coming on as a late substitute in a 0–1 away loss against SD Ponferradina.
Teams played 34 games total, 17 at home and 17 away and were awarded three points for a win, one point for a tie (draw), and zero points for a loss.
On January 1, 2017, Koyack had three receptions for 25 yards and a touchdown during a 24–20 loss at the Indianapolis Colts.
Human trials also revealed that a side effect of other arsenical compounds, damage to the optic nerve and loss of vision, could occur with high or repeated doses of tryparsamide.
Wilson had 8 catches and a touchdown in a 21-19 loss to LSU.
After embracing her loss, she becomes more compassionate and kind.
However, he suffered an injury in a 2–1 loss against his former club Örebro SK on 16 April 2017 and was sidelined as a result.
Fresh from their loss in Florida at the 12 Hours of Sebring, Lancia entered in force with four newly revised D24 cars, these were piloted by Piero Taruffi, Alberto Ascari, Eugenio Castellotti and Gino Valenzano.
McDonald eventually sold his wheat to other parties, at a loss, and he sued the Board for compensation.
The tree is dying, indicated by its declining height and the loss of topmost branches.
He discusses the pre-operation planning, the events of the actual operation and its aftermath, identifying some of the salient oversights that culminated in the loss of both HMS Charybdis and HMS Limbourne.
He even had a 26-yard passing touchdown to quarterback Marcus Mariota in a 31-24 loss to the Arizona Wildcats.
After successfully rebounding from her loss in the following year by defeating Akjarkyn Baiturbaeva via unanimous decision and earning the first decision win of her career in the process, Shevchenko took another break from the sport, during which she continued to compete in amateur Muay Thai bouts.
Tech gave Vandy its worst ever loss, 83 to 0.
Eventually, loss of momentum, caused by impacts and momentum shifting to other bodies in the cloud, caused the pair to slowly spiral closer until they touched—where over time the joints fused together, forming its present bilobate shape.
He made his full international debut with the main squad the following 26 March, replacing Wilson Kamavuaka in 1–2 friendly loss at Kenya.
According to the Federation of Employers of Ukraine in the beginning of the embargo the loss for Ukraine from the Russia's actions can reach $2–2,5 billion in the second half of 2013.
Kentucky's only loss was against Vanderbilt, led by Rabbit Curry.
United made their debut in the 2015 U.S. Open Cup three nights after the loss in Orlando, with the team's first ever trip to the Steel City to face the Pittsburgh Riverhounds.
The loss of this ship strained the expedition's supplies.
Richmond's loss meant their finals drought, dating back to 2001, would continue.
In May 1909, Velox was passing Lands End when her port engines failed and heavy rolling caused a loss of feedwater supply to her condensers.
FAMI can be used in combination with surgery below the jawline to address the look of sagging necks and skeletonized faces, or faces that exhibit extreme skinny structures characterized by infraorbital hollowness usually due to weight loss.
He made his debut on October 25, 2014 as an 84th-minute substitute in a 0–2 loss against Portland Timbers.
After the end of the war, the demand for Virginia iron products ceased due to loss of government contract and competition from western Pennsylvania.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 6–2.
As of 2014, due to budgetary cuts and restructuring of the USARL competition,  the Immortals have not played a match since their loss to the Royal Marines.
| 2009-12-12 || Loss  ||align=left| Artur Kyshenko || K-1 ColliZion 2009 Final Tournament, Super Fight || Prague, Czech Republic || KO (Right High Kick) || 2 || 2:43
Chandrashekhar has no interest in Neena as he is still grieving the loss of his beloved wife Sharda.
Linebacker Reggie Ragland led the Tide defense with a game-high 12 tackles (eight solos), including a tackle for loss and punter J.K. Scott averaged 49.8 yards on four punts, including a 56-yarder.
The Vietcong attempted to sabotage the base construction sinking the dredgeship Jamaica Bay on 9 January 1967 with the loss of 3 crewmembers.
The song is about the loss of loved ones, using "a soldier who's a cancer victim" as an example.
Two seasons later, his two goals from 32 appearances could not help prevent Recreativo from being relegated from the top tier, and he also started in the final of the Copa del Rey, a 0–3 loss to RCD Mallorca in Elche.
He made his Football League debut on 15 November 2014, coming on as a 68th minute substitution for Michael Rose in a 0–1 away loss against Port Vale.
In the next game against the Arizona Cardinals, he finished with 127 rushing yards and a 33-yard touchdown in the 24–38 loss.
On March 25, 2019, Goodrow played in his 200th career NHL game during a loss to the Red Wings.
He went 12-for-34 passing (35.3 percent passing completion rate) for 88 yards in a 23–3 loss to Ole Miss on Oct. 24.
The resulting effect of harvesting coral colonies causes a significant financial loss to the surrounding economies and the destruction of environments.
He would achieve that mark by playing 23 minutes in a loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.
On January 23, 2016, Carmelo Anthony overtook Gary Payton as the league's thirtieth highest scorer of all-time in a loss to the Charlotte Hornets.
This left him requiring extensive surgery and resulted in the loss of a finger and use of his dominant hand.
This left the station isolated for a time and also caused the loss of 5,000 sheep and 17 horses.
Reflecting on his election loss, Curbelo said the Republican Party "has to understand that if we're going to have a small government, free enterprise party in America, that Trumpism isn't the future for such a party."
After the fall of Napoleon in 1814 and the restoration of the Bourbon monarchy, de Redon appears to have become embroiled in the subsequent controversy surrounding the restitution of property and financial compensation to those émigrés who had suffered loss or expropriation under the Revolution - a controversy which in part contributed to the fall in 1830 of Louis XVIII.
In Week 10, Phillips recorded a season-high seven combined tackles (six solo) during a 31-24 loss against the Miami Dolphins.
Animals resistant to weight loss, despite diet and exercise changes, can be placed on levothyroxine to increase metabolism.
Dobbs continued solid performances over the rest of the season: he had five touchdowns, 223 passing yards and 190 rushing yards in a 63–37 win over Missouri and 340 passing yards in a 45–34 loss against Vanderbilt at Vanderbilt Stadium.
He made his debut for the Suns later that day, playing 29 minutes and scoring 13 points with two 3-pointers in a 112–95 loss to the Detroit Pistons.
Controversies that contributed to his loss included his age, past drug arrest, and firearm charges.
The promotion and growth of Mandarin over Cantonese and English in Hong Kong has led to questions being raised by mainlanders about Hong Kong's competitiveness in the global economy, its dependency on the Mainland's economy and its loss of a distinct cultural identity.
She suffered the first loss of her career, losing the bout via unanimous decision.
2014 ended with a win over the Sacramento Surge and 2015 began with a loss to the Las Vegas Legends.
He progressed to the  side in 2013, making a five appearances in the 2013 Under-21 Provincial Championship, but starting just one of those – their 13–36 semi-final loss to the .
In the finals, the Chiefs answered back for their Alumni Cup loss with a 7-2 shellacking of the Jr. Aeros.
Talib unsuccessfully appealed his suspension, and missed the team's Week 10 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
 Net loss before tax $25.3 million
After the loss of vision, Amarnath helped Manipal Hospitals in implementing ISO 9001-2000 for quality procedures.
During a Week 3 24–13 road loss to the Seattle Seahawks, he rushed for 127 yards.
Legend has it that, although Richard's group was failing, Sir Percival held the standard of his King aloft whilst fighting a desperate fight, continuing to do so even with the loss of his legs during combat; he is said to have held the standard until his last breath.
Shiloni sustained massive blood loss and succumbed to his wounds at the Tel HaShomer Medical Center in Ramat Gan.
The loss of a leg in a road traffic accident in Indonesia led to relocation to the UK.
He made his professional debut on 9 September 1984, aged only 17, starting with the reserves in a 0–4 home loss against FC Barcelona B in the Segunda División championship.
With the loss, the Chargers fell to 2-5.
The loss of Forte had been crucial for the Bears, as he had been responsible for 32 percent of yards gained in 2015, the most among running backs.
In the Divisional Round against the New England Patriots, he had 61 rushing yards and a rushing touchdown in the 27–20 loss.
The Philippines inter-island steamer MV Pioneer Leyte collided with an American freighter ship, the Golden State, and sank off Manila with the loss of 44 lives.
He finished the Broncos’ 37–28 loss at the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday Night Football with a season-high eight combined tackles.
On August 29, 2013, Melvin injured his hamstring during the Buccaneers' 30–12 loss to the Washington Redskins in their fourth preseason game.
Three of his four career goals came in St Kilda's 98-point loss to Essendon at East Melbourne in 1899, which was a rare occurrence of one player kicking all of his team's goals in a game.
With the loss, the Cardinals fell to 4-2.
After the loss, the 49ers fell to 3–7.
With the loss, the Rams extended their losing streak to 4 games, making their record 4-7.
With the loss, the Seahawks drop to 9–6, snapping a five-game winning streak.
In particular, the nested structure of networks has been shown to protect against complete destruction of the network, because the core group of generalists are the most robust to extinction by habitat loss.
With yet another close loss, the Bills dropped to 5-5.
Jiménez made his La Liga debut on 10 September 2000, starting in a 0–3 home loss against Deportivo Alavés.
Also perceived loss of power or control may also lead to increased violence within the relationship.
Joe Bolden recorded his 200th career tackle during the game, and Michigan's defense as a whole recorded nine tackles for a loss.
The loss to the Monarchs brought Rice back to compete for the division title.
On 24 January 2014, he scored a season-best 21 points in an 83–80 loss to the Melbourne Tigers.
Loss of supply is when the opposition defeats a government spending proposal; the converse, when the government fails to defeat an opposition spending proposal, is merely symbolic, as both the 1922 and 1937 constitutions prohibit Oireachtas spending without government approval.
Walford made his NFL debut in the season-opener against the Cincinnati Bengals and caught his first NFL reception on a one-yard pass from Derek Carr during the 33-13 loss.
His last fight in DEEP to date was at Deep: 87 Impact on December 21st, 2018, to a second round submission loss to Tatsuya Mizuno.
Soccer star Tim Cahill donated his match fees to Jeremiah Lale to assist with the loss of his wife and children.
That day, Eickhoff took the loss after giving up 10 runs in his start against the Atlanta Braves, and was designated for assignment yet again the following day.
This loss is associated with a prolonged half life of the protein.
Additionally, the inundation of surrounding ecosystems by water results in a loss in terrestrial habitat and wildlife in the area.
In Week 2, against the Arizona Cardinals, Cook totaled 22 carries for 131 rushing yards in the 34–33 loss.
In December 2014, the CCG announced that in the case of routine surgery for morbidly obese patients  with a body mass index (BMI) greater than 35  the patient would be required to have a BMI of under 35 or to lose 5 per cent of their weight before planned surgery, whichever is the lesser weight loss.
In another disappointing loss, the Ravens’ offense failed to capitalize on a fantastic defensive performance, with Schaub throwing another pick six along with another interception which also led to Miami's other touchdown.
No loss of current or future draft picks were imposed.
It was also their 13th consecutive loss in the month of the December.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 4–4.
Conspicuous absences include the loss of one of the two handles, and a pair of sherds from the body of the vase.
After an incomplete pass, Manning was sacked for a 6-yard loss.
The Texans fell to the Dolphins 44–26, their first loss to the Dolphins in franchise history.
The Colts would suffer an embarrassing loss on national television to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
With the loss, the Titans fell to 2-9.
van Veen made his Scunthorpe United debut, coming on as a second-half substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Oldham Athletic on 7 February 2015.
He made his debut in the second half of a 2–1 away loss to Warriors on 23 February.
With the loss, the Cowboys fell to 2-6.
Already eliminated from the playoffs due to Washington beating Philadelphia the night before to secure the NFC East for the first time since 2012, they were without their star wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. as he was suspended for his actions in a Week 15 loss against Carolina.
It was also Washington's first home loss to the Dolphins since 1984.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 6–2.
Despite the loss, their only one of the regular season, Carolina kept both its playoff spot and division title.
It was Tampa Bay's first victory against Dallas since 2003, and the Cowboys' 7th straight loss (all without Tony Romo).
On November 3, 2018, in his first start of the season, Winslow had 15 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists in a 123–118 loss to the Atlanta Hawks.
Serantes played his first match as a professional on 23 November 2014, starting in a 1–0 away loss against CD Mirandés.
After a controversial loss on the road against Nebraska, Michigan State fell out of the top 10 for the first time all season and were looking to bounce back at home against a Maryland team that so far had gone winless in conference play.
Marine regression also resulted in the loss of epeiric seas, such as the Western Interior Seaway of North America.
On 7 May 1939 the team played their last game as Club Deportivo Euzkadi, which was a 2–7 loss to Club España.
On September 25, 2016, Brate caught five passes for 56-yards and two touchdowns during a 37–32 loss against the Los Angeles Rams in Week 3.
The Oxford American commented on the book's themes of loss and tragedy, writing "Life doesn’t go back to normal, but life goes on.
Maximizing loss and compactness with regards to the use of passive devices, as well as active devices, creates more potential for the use of plasmonic circuits.
On November 15, 2015, Williams made four receptions for 40 receiving yards and caught his first career touchdown during a 22–20 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
The fresh leaves should be withered within five hours to avoid oxidization and loss of nutrients.
In the first six games of the season that Partizan played without Slavnić, the team had a 3–3 record while with Slavnić they recorded only one loss in the next 16 league games until the end of the regular season, grabbing top spot ahead of the playoffs with an 18–4 record.
Minnesota gave Nebraska their worst home loss ever with a 61–7 win in 1945.
He made his senior debut for Los Pumas on 8 November 2014 in a 41-31 loss to  in Edinburgh.
Buksa made his first appearance for the team in the season opener, a 2–1 loss to Montreal Impact on 29 February 2020.
Noton withdrew to back to Ramu, with a loss of seven missing and eleven wounded.
|align=left| Biggest loss          || 1–4 v Goiás || 1–3 v Grêmio || 1–4 v Goiás
This would have seen the loss of jobs and substantial buildings of historic significance would have been left to further degenerate.
The Civil Defence Cross of Honour (; ) is a medal which is awarded by the Directorate for Civil Protection and Emergency Planning of Norway to Norwegian civil defence personnel for helping to prevent loss of life or damage to equipment and property by act of ingenuity in perilous conditions.
Voyage 2 and loss
As a result, it is better to substitute loss function surrogates which are tractable for commonly used learning algorithms, as they have convenient properties such as being convex and smooth.
The sole minimizer of the expected risk, , associated with the above generated loss functions can be directly found from equation (1) and shown to be equal to the corresponding .
The Savage loss has been used in gradient boosting and the SavageBoost algorithm.
The main damage from the rust is simply overall volume and growth loss.
The Marine Board of South Australia held an inquiry in the loss of the barque and on 9 February 1880, found the master, Alexander Laws, to be negligent.
In 1962, the Anaconda local 117 left Mine Mill to join with the steelworkers, and the loss of this local was the beginning of the end for Mine Mill.
After suffering a MCL injury in November 2019 which ruled him out until the new year, he suffered a season-ending injury in a 2–0 away loss at Caykur Rizespor on 14 June: another MCL injury and ACL tears after colliding with opposition goalkeeper Tarık Çetin.
[9] Plants infected with bacterial leaf streak will exhibit an orange cast from leaf symptoms and suffer yield and quality loss.
Tommy Armstrong was 24-of-48 for 291 yards with 1 TD and 1 INT in the loss.
Life insurance actuaries determine the probability of death in any given year, and based on this probability determine the expected value of the loss payment.
Buendía made his debut for Aston Villa on 14 August 2021, in a 3–2 loss to Watford on the opening day of the season.
A small study of 11 Asians with MONW published June 2018 found that moderate weight loss through dieting reduced their cardiometabolic risk per improved body composition, lipid profile, and insulin sensitivity.
Varun Blake is an Indian-born Atlanta police detective that is deeply affected by various incidents in his life like the loss of his biological family in India, the move to a predominantly white school in The States, and the death of his partner.
The term is widely used in constructivist approaches to counseling psychology and psychotherapy, especially during bereavement in which people attribute some sort of meaning to an experienced death or loss.
All of these appraisals contribute to how the griever may create meaning of their loss.
It included the closest loss to rival Harvard up to that point.
Kennedy was later rescued after a great loss of blood by three civilians traveling from Deadwood, South Dakota, including a Mr. O'Neil, who helped him about  northwest to Fort Keogh.
In Week 4 against the Seattle Seahawks, Murray threw for 241 yards and a pick-six and rushed four times for 27 yards and his first NFL rushing touchdown in the 27–10 loss.
In this framework of statistical learning theory a training set  and the goal is to find a target function  that minimizes some loss function, e.g.
Among the issues that inform her work are 'the effects of Christianity and colonialism in the Pacific, loss of culture, the transplantation of Pacific Islanders to large cities and the shaping of traditional culture to fit contemporary urban culture'.
The harm that comes to the body consists of loss of liberty, hard labor, imprisonment, and a painful and shameful death (III).
On 29 November, Dimarco in the fourth round of the Coppa Italia in a match loss 2-1 in the extra time against Cesena.
It was found through study of 5-chloro-αMT in rhesus monkeys that norepinephrine release has minimal influence on the abuse potential of monoamine releasing agents and that loss of norepinephrine release activity does not affect efficacy in reducing cocaine self-administration in SDRAs relative to serotonin-norepinephrine-dopamine releasing agents (SNDRAs) such as naphthylisopropylamine (PAL-287).
After playing just eight minutes in his first two games for the Knicks, Cummings played 31 minutes off the bench against the Canton Charge on December 17 and scored a game-high 21 points in an 82–75 loss.
From September 2017 until Labor's loss at the 2018 state election, Cook was the Parliamentary Secretary for Housing and Urban Development.
Only the WBA title was at stake, but Budler was stripped of his IBO title after the loss.
Loss had a US gross of $59,114.
His senior season included 140 tackles, 20 tackles for loss, 4 interceptions, and 5 sacks.
In Week 7 against the Los Angeles Rams, Armstead recorded a season high five tackles and sacked Jared Goff once during the 39–10 loss.
Following the loss, he disappeared from the promotion.
During Week 13 against the Seattle Seahawks, Buckner sacked Russell Wilson twice during the 43–16 road loss.
He played his first game in the competition on 4 November, as a second-half substitute in the 1–0 loss at Belenenses SAD.
State-owned agency TASS reported a loss of US$5.4 billion in the Bank's foreign reserves to US$369.2 billion on the week of 23–30 October.McHugh, Jess (5 November 2015).
He finished the year with 44 total tackles, 13.5 tackles for loss and five sacks.
López made his international debut on 26 December 2015, having a player of the match performance for Catalonia in a 1–0 friendly loss to the Basque Country.
He also took figures of 5/84 in loss against South Australia.
Vendors value the net profits derived from the market, as almost half of the vendors surveyed in a study on Iowa's farmers' markets indicated that they would incur a significant loss if farmers' markets were to close down.
Oklahoma had started ranked #5 before a loss to #3 Notre Dame.
King Harald V offered condolences to the Pakistani President in a message saying that "I was shocked and saddened by the tragic loss of so many young lives at the Army Public School in Peshawar.
On November 17, 2009, four days after the Bulldogs' season opening 74–88 loss to Rider, Augustus was suspended for two games after he criticized head coach Rick Stansbury after the game for his lack of playing time and how he thought the Bulldogs were outcoached by Rider.
He testified at an official inquiry that prior to the incident in which the girls were killed he had suffered  blackouts, and the deaths were as a result of him suffering a loss of consciousness owing to an undiagnosed medical condition, which he had failed to disclose when submitting his driving licence application.
He came off the bench in the play-off semi-final second-leg away against Brentford, in which Swansea lost 1–3, resulting in a 2–3 aggregate loss.
Aston Villa, a presence in the Premier League since the league's foundation in 1992 and present in the top division since the 1988–89 season, were the first team to be mathematically relegated, after a 1–0 loss at Manchester United on 16 April.
On 9 October 2020, Mfulu represented the DR Congo national team in a friendly 3-0 loss to Burkina Faso.
As a result of the loss per the pre-match stipulations, Michaels retired from professional wrestling, a moment described as "the end of an era".
The 2015 season was first season since the 2008 national championship season which Ole Miss returns to Ben Hill Griffin Stadium after an upset and the only Gator loss of the season.
As part of its loss of that war at Dien Ben Phu, it freed the Kingdom of Laos.
On the last play of the third quarter, Burfict sacked Roethlisberger for a 12-yard loss, forcing a punt from the Steelers' 5-yard line and temporarily knocking Roethlisberger out of the game with a shoulder injury.
The Longhorns opened with eight wins and were co-champions of the Southwest Conference; after a late-season home loss to rival TCU, they dropped from second to fourth in the rankings.
He finished with six wins and one loss as the Blaze's starter.
A loss to Texas midway through the season made them fall from #7 to #18, but they bounced back to finish #10 at the end of the season.
Hosting the Group A tournament at the Twickenham Stoop, Harlequins failed to progress to the Final following two wins (over London Irish and London Wasps) and a loss (to Saracens) on bonus points difference.
In Week 9 against the Miami Dolphins, Crowder caught eight passes for 83 yards and a touchdown in the 26–18 loss.
Wind, whose dominant effect is cooling through evaporation and consequently creates loss of mass in the snow pack
Cormorant numbers are effectively reduced during culls, but the targeted species remain in recovery after centuries of arbitrary killing and habitat loss.
Sakya loss of influence
Coming after the death of her little brother, the unexpected loss of her mother to what may have been consumption made Hearn the woman of the house at 12 years of age, forced to care for the home and her younger siblings.
It operated at a loss for its first year.
Heiskell blamed the lopsided loss on voter intimidation, and accused Brownlow of meddling in the election.
Nadal received a bye in the first round of the 2015 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell and faced Nicolás Almagro in the second round, completing his revenge for his only loss in Barcelona last year to him by beating him in straight sets.
On October 31, he scored a season-high 33 points in a 122–114 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
He recorded 101 tackles, two forced fumbles, 11 tackles for loss, and two sacks in his college career.
On the morning of 6 June a People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) force attacked the base, but were forced back for the loss of 6 Marines and 10 PAVN killed.
The Wolfpack finished 3rd in the ACC, and handed conference champion Clemson its only league loss.
He opened his campaign for his fifth crown at Melbourne Park with wins against Yen-Hsun Lu and Simone Bolelli but was upset in the third round by Andreas Seppi in four sets, his first ever loss against the Italian.
When used to measure open channel flows, packaged metering manholes most commonly integrate a flume or weir (flumes being most common due to their ability to pass solids, low head loss, and wide operating ranges).
Alternatively, the company claimed that the termination may have been related to Plaintiff's refusal to fully cooperate in the $400 investigation by loss prevention.
In January 1949 Hawkins announced his retirement after a loss to Cyrille Delannoit in Belgium.
Her influence is credited with the loss of respect for the Mughal court system, and the role of the emperor.
At 02:00 on 6 June People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) forces attacked South Vietnamese Marines  northwest of Sarge losing 83 killed for the loss of two Marines.
The loss also snapped a 64 match win streak on clay where Sharapova won the first set and went on to win the match.
In Week 15 against the Indianapolis Colts, Johnson recorded 27 rushing yards and 106 receiving yards during the 27–20 loss.
It resulted in significant property damage throughout Canada, including the razing of Saint-Boniface College in Saint Boniface, Winnipeg, which resulted in 10 deaths, destruction of the building, and loss of all of its records and its library.
Due to their head-to-head loss to Michigan State, they did not represent the East Division in the Big Ten Championship Game.
The American suffered her first loss in her Hopman Cup history, having previously gone undefeated in her last two campaigns, managing to win only three games.
In the repechage, Castrignano salvaged from her quarterfinal loss to slam Canadian fighter and 2000 Olympic bronze medalist Dominique Bosshart at 7–3.
On 11 April, Cabrera suffered an ankle injury that forced him to miss over a month and both legs of the Champions League final, a 5–3 aggregate loss to Club América.
Murray reached the quarter-finals for the loss of just four games, with victories against Borna Ćorić and David Goffin, before defeating Richard Gasquet in three sets to reach his first semi-final at the Paris Masters, becoming only the fourth person to reach the semi-finals or better at least once at all nine Masters tournaments.
Dongfeng Renault sold only 18,607 cars in 2019 and reported an operating loss of more than 1.5 billion yuan ($212 million).
The Gaels started the season  with notable wins over USC, California, and Nevada, before a loss to UCLA in the last game ending the unbeaten streak.
Georgia Tech were co-champions in the Atlantic Coast Conference with a loss to Florida State costing them a Bowl Championship Series spot.
He made his full international debut on 26 March, starting in a 0–2 friendly loss against Egypt.
He recommended against the construction of a dam on the Brisbane River in its middle catchment because of his perception of the danger of rapid loss of storage capacity because of siltation.
Ranelid paints a portrait of a man who has both inflicted and suffered loss and who with time surmounts his griefs with the help of love and care.
In Week 6, Lee suffered an ankle injury during the Jets’ 28–3 loss at the Arizona Cardinals and was inactive for the next three games (Weeks 7–9).
The following week, he made his first NFL start as a nickel back and recorded a season-high nine combined tackles during a 16–13 road loss against the New York Giants.
In Week 4 against the Los Angeles Chargers, he threw for 180 yards, one touchdown, and one interception in a 30-10 loss.
However, the next season ended as the previous one, with a first-round loss, this time to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
On 14 January 2015, Marcelo made his first team debut, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–4 away loss against Sevilla FC for the season's Copa del Rey.
Within a month of his death he contributed to the Standard (12 April) an article on "The Boer in the Saddle", which showed no loss of his old brilliancy and force, although the effort involved in writing it was nearly fatal.
In the Divisional Round against the Minnesota Vikings, he had seven receptions for 85 yards and two touchdowns in the 29–24 loss.
UTV had previously forecast an £11.5m loss for the year.
Free mercury ions can bind to metalloproteins, particularly those with cysteine residues, and can cause incorrect conformations resulting in function loss.
Despite Labor's loss in the 1927 state election, Denny was returned first of three in the seat of Adelaide, with over 25 per cent of the vote.
For those deploring the loss of "Limousin" and "Poitou-Charentes", he noted that the predecessor region of Aquitaine subsumed the identities of the Périgord or the Pays Basque, which did not disappear during its 40 years of operation.
In plants, albinism is characterised by partial or complete loss of chlorophyll pigments and incomplete differentiation of chloroplast membranes.
However, the loss of Macon in early 1935, combined with President Roosevelt ordering a limitation on the size of new airships, meant that ZRCV was never more than an idea.
Services for seniors with memory loss
The 2013 season saw some positive results for the newly promoted club, including a narrow 4–3 loss to eventual champions South Hobart and defeating minor premiers Beachside 1–0.
The assault that day and into the following morning however was a huge costly failure with the loss of all ten floating batteries.
On 25 August 2019, he scored his first goal in a 2-1 away loss against PAOK.
Reasons for the loss of charity status included the "strong negative views about sensitive and controversial issues" held by some members of the KGF Board of Directors.
According to Whitehurst et al., 2009, Reforestation is the only apparent solution to preventing and reversing species loss.
He made his NHL debut on 13 October 2016, going scoreless in a 4–2 loss to the Dallas Stars.
Exigent circumstances would require of law enforcement a "reasonable basis to suspect a search may prevent an imminent threat to safety or... reasonable grounds to believe that the imminent loss or destruction of evidence may be prevented by a warrantless search".
In the second week, NC State suffered the season's only loss on the road to the Furman Purple Hurricane 0–20.
The following week, Tartt recorded three combined tackles before exiting in the third quarter of the 49ers' 20–10 loss to the Arizona Cardinals after breaking his arm.
It was the worst loss of life in Afghanistan since the invasion in 2001.
Back at Europe, Wawrinka suffered an upset loss at his home tournament Swiss Indoors losing to Ivo Karlović in the first round.
The court martial of Vincent and his crew for the loss of Arrow convened on 17 June aboard  at Portsmouth.
The circumstances surrounding the end of Craig's appointment at the University of Maine are not clear; determinants may include both a progressive loss of hearing and dissatisfaction with collegiality and with research conditions.
Gneezy found that participants were more sensitive to their gain from lying than to their opponent's loss.
In addition to the loss of personnel, the crash resulted in the write-off of two Dassault Mirage 2000D fighters and two Alpha Jet trainers of the French Air Force.
He played his final game in a 1-7 loss at FC Twente in 1984, a game he had to leave early due to injury.
On September 20, 2015, Smith made his professional regular season debut during a 37–33 loss at the Oakland Raiders and made one solo tackle.
| colspan="4" | Points breakdown:4 points for a win2 points for a draw1 bonus point for a loss by seven points or less1 bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match
Psychological and somatic outcomes include negative effects on self-esteem and life satisfaction, low sense of self-confidence, negative effects on women's relationships with other men, anger, fear, anxiety, depression, feelings of humiliation and alienation, a sense of helpless and vulnerability, headache, sleep disturbance, weight loss or gain, gastrointestinal disturbances and nausea."
It was his first double-digit loss in the NFL, and also the first time since he became the Chiefs starting quarterback that the offense did not score any touchdowns.
They found that the zircons first crystallized 545 million years ago, and experienced a loss of lead during an episode that occurred 65 million years ago.
While the former is emotionally damaged due to the loss that he has experienced, the latter maintains an optimistic view of life, having become familiar to the damaged world; spending time with each other saw these qualities overlapping, with Joel become more lively, and Ellie learning more survival skills.
The game was a poor one from the Sons perspective as a goal in each half handed Port Glasgow a 2-0 win, although the loss of Brander to injury was a factor.
It was re-established that this was not what the law provided, in Dunnachie v Kingston upon Hull City Council, July 2004 wherein the Lords confirmed that the position established in Norton Tool v Tewson in 1972, that compensation for unfair dismissal was limited to financial loss alone.
Radiant heat transfer is a strong function of temperature; any increase in the temperature of the Core-unit will rapidly increase heat loss.
William & Mary's triple overtime loss to George Washington in the Southern Conference tournament remains tied with 6 other games (from 1958, 1961, 1981, 2008, and 2009) for the longest game in school history.
Note that the transmission loss is zero when  is a multiple of half a wavelength.
Chugay introduced the tongue patch diet as an alternative to invasive weight loss methods such as gastric bypass or Lapband surgery.
It was during this time in Perth that Munckton had a serious motor-cycle accident resulting in extensive head injuries, subsequent epilepsy and loss of memory.
While the former lost power within eight seconds of the collision, circuit breakers that had detected the loss in power to the former restored it to the last four cars of the train, which remained in contact with that rail, until a manual override was sent a minute and a half afterwards.
He made his Mansfield debut three weeks into the new campaign, playing the whole match in a 3–1 loss to Lincoln City in the EFL Trophy.
His second short film, Lars and Peter (2009), that captures the difficult emotions of a young boy and his relationship to his father in the face of great loss, was in the Official Selection in the short film competition at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for a Robert Award, the Danish Film Academy's national film prize.
In 1949, the Orangemen were a two-point loss to Army away from going undefeated; their 14 wins were tied for the second-most in program history, equaling the total of the 1925 national championship-winning team.
The war with Venice at the end of the 1270s and the beginning of the 1280s led to their loss of Omiš in favor of princes from the Šubić noble family.
The stable, trait-like (phenotypic) inter-individual differences observed in response to sleep loss point to an underlying genetic component.
Agnew made his second Boston debut on 3 September 2016, where he scored again, in a 3–2 loss against F.C.
Final voyage and loss
He made his first team debut for the club in the controversial 2–1 away loss to NK Lokomotiva, coming in at half-time for Manuel Arteaga.
And the loss of even one, inevitable as it may be, is cause for deep regret."
However, six weeks after knee surgery, Kennedy came on as a 71st-minute substitute in a 2–0 home loss to Exeter City.
The first fire truck arrived on the scene at 4:37 am; in total, 40 vehicles were involved in battling the blaze, including two aerial trucks and 15 tanker trucks, until fire loss was reported as stopped at 7:30 am.
He spent four full seasons competing with the reserves in Segunda División, being relegated in 1996; on 22 October 1992, he made his debut for the main squad, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–1 away loss against Xerez CD for the Copa del Rey.
Nevertheless, nerve damage and irreversible loss of neurons occur early in MS.
San Hermenegildo served in the Spanish Navy during the French Revolutionary Wars and was destroyed with heavy loss of life during the Second Battle of Algeciras.
In 21 minutes of action against the Mavericks, he scored 14 points on 6-of-7 shooting in a 111–95 loss.
On March 25, he scored 59 points in a 125–92 loss to the Utah Jazz, becoming the first player in NBA history with 50 in a game in which his team lost by 30 or more.
The next day, following his mother's funeral, he gets into a physical altercation with another man while drinking at the restaurant he works at, resulting in the loss of his job.
The inspiralling of the stars is caused by the emission of gravitational waves, resulting in the loss of orbital energy.
This is found in non-rhotic dialects of New York City, according to Labov, triggered by the loss of the coil–curl merger.
Rarely, more severe symptoms occur including red blood cell destruction (hemolysis), low platelets (thrombocytopenia), and loss of clotting factors (disseminated intravascular coagulation).
He scored his first try for the Gold Coast in the 24-22 loss to the Brisbane Broncos in Round 7.
AIB Group (UK) plc claimed the full loss of a loan (£2.5m) from Mark Redler solicitors, measured when the money was paid away even though the value of the home on which the loan was secured had dropped.
The Hawks will attempt to improve after a Conference Finals loss against the eventual champion Milwaukee Bucks in six games.
After another substitute appearance against the , he made his first senior start against the  in Witbank in an 11–53 loss.
When Boaz is captured during his first field mission following the loss Doron takes it very personally and blames Moreno for it, physically attacking him in the command center.
Because Freud had focused on speech and language loss in this early work, he had a nuanced conception of speech, even speculating on language acquisition.
The next day, he made his debut for Fort Wayne in a 106–99 loss to the Westchester Knicks, recording three points in 12 minutes off the bench.
The story that Taliesin's stanzas were clear whereas the king's bards made only nonsensical sounds may actually have a basis in linguistics, as Brythonic grammar underwent substantial changes during this period, marked by the loss of unvoiced final syllables (i.e., most Indo-European inflectional morphology) and the grammaticalization of consonant mutation.
Her current kickboxing record is 10 wins, 1 loss and 1 draw.
Kong Le withdrew FAN from the Plain in good order, except for an inconsequential loss of small arms.
He made his debut for the Giants on March 14 in the team's season opener, scoring 18 points in a 114–76 loss to the Willetton Tigers.
On November 20, Michigan suffered its first loss of the season to Xavier in the inaugural Gavitt Tipoff Games, despite a game-high 29 points by LeVert.
The next day, he made his debut for Grand Rapids in a 107–106 loss to the Sioux Falls Skyforce, recording 11 points, three rebounds and one steal in 24 minutes.
They also became the first club in Africa to finish a whole season unbeaten since Egyptian Premier League giants Al Ahly went through both the 2004–05 and 2005–06 seasons without a single loss en route to their 30th and 31st league titles.
He made his Categoría Primera A debut on 24 August of that year, replacing Jorge Ortega in a 1–0 away loss against Independiente Medellín.
Lyon made his first NHL start February 1, 2018 in a 4–3 loss to the New Jersey Devils.
The show’s concept is to collect dramatic stories (of illness, loss, etc.)
On October 25, 2015, Jones recorded a season-high seven combined tackles and two pass deflections in the Cowboys' 27-20 loss at the New York Giants.
That day, he made his debut for the Zonkeys in a 92–87 loss to the Garra Cañera de Navolato, recording nine points, four rebounds, two assists and one steal in 15 minutes off the bench.
One of her friends, Jyothi, who is in the clinic with her, develops kidney problems because of the weight loss drugs given in the clinic.
Due to their head-to-head loss to Bethune-Cookman and lack of FCS Division non-conference victories, they were not invited to the newly-formed Celebration Bowl.
World War II and loss
With Darüşşafaka, Žižić made his debut in the European top-tier level, the EuroLeague, on 30 December 2016, in an 81–77 road loss against FC Barcelona.
With the away loss SC Freiburg ended the matchday in 16th place.
A model for the selective loss of major histocompatibility complex self restricted T cell immune responses during the development of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Following acute injury, joints often benefit from specialized physical therapy, such as swimming, to prevent the loss of range of motion associated with joint capsule fibrosis.
A deficiency in any of these areas can cause an organization to miss signs of unauthorized activity, intrusion, and loss of data, which creates additional risk.
VPI suffered its sole loss of the season against Navy, getting revenge for when Carpenter and VPI won in 1903.
Other notable spectroscopic methods developed and used in his research group included BB-SFG (broad band-sum-frequency generation), CL-EELS (cathodoluminescence – electron energy loss spectroscopy) in UHV (ultra-high vacuum) for electrochemistry and EC-XPS (electrochemical X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy).
Despite the loss, the club remained in 15th place.
Coupled with this, they felt that since industrialisation and capitalism were making the world increasingly unattractive, the emphasis of Pre-Raphaelite painters and those influenced by them upon reflecting reality as closely as possible was itself leading to the loss of beauty from art.
He joined the organisation at a time when it was making a significant loss ($175 million for 2001-02), but by 2004-05 had turned that around to a record profit ($130.8 million).
Search engines and directories continue to increase in their usefulness and popularity, while banner ads and old-style links continue their rapid loss of effectiveness and popular usage.
The month closed with a home loss to Texas Southern.
Her uncle, Dillwyn Knox had been a classical scholar there, rather than a physicist, but like the Fred of the book had had a passionate attention to proofs and exact detail; he also like Fred had  as a young man suffered a loss of faith that he had tried to shield from his father.
Big data can improve diagnosis, therapy, and prevention; however, risks such as a loss of control over personal data arise.
He also played in the North-South All-Star game in Georgia and Florida Maxx Scout All-Star Bowl; in the two games combined, he had 17 tackles, seven tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks, and three caused fumbles.
The team closed the season with an 11 to 0 loss to John Heisman's Clemson Tigers.
On 5 September 2018, after a 2–1 defeat to Ceará, Loss was demoted back to his previous role as an assistant.
Public Fire Safety Education Programs: fire safety education training and programs for schools, private homes and buildings with large loss potential or hazardous conditions and a juvenile fire setter intervention program.
The data reflects the loss of territory and population in Europe due to Balkan Wars, as the total net gain figure would be 3,496,068.
Vete was part of the Junior Warriors side that played in 2013 Holden Cup Grand Final against the Penrith Panthers juniors, playing at prop and scoring a try in the 30-42 loss.
Adams is considered a legend among boxing culture, once going 22 straight World championship bouts without a loss.
The Navy Midshipmen began the 2014 season with a loss over #6 ranked Ohio State, but won two in a row defeating Temple and Texas State.
Jennings played in two finals matches including the preliminary final where Melbourne suffered a shock 10-6 loss against eventual premiers Penrith.
Dawkins missed a follow-up tip-in with the clock running down resulting in a 77-76 loss.
Mark Twain, in his travelogue The Innocents Abroad (1869), noted with sadness the loss of the man he called "a most estimable gentleman."
He was also in charge during the historical 1–0 win against Real Madrid for the Copa del Rey, but his team was eventually knocked out after a 2–4 loss at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium.
Company A overran another bunker line clearing 12 bunkers and killing 47 PAVN and later engaged in a firefight with another PAVN unit killing 20 PAVN for the loss of 6 Marines.
Mulgrew alluded to undercurrents and secrets surrounding the character which drew from her past experiences of loss and despair, though she remarked that "it is not all dark" as in time "her history reveals itself as she reveals herself".
In December 1805 the transport Beaver wrecked on the rocks of Yealm Point, with the loss by drowning of four people.
Finally, the electric tension must be raised by the plant's transformers in order to reduce energy loss during travel along power lines.
| 2014-07-08 || Loss ||align=left| Kongsak sitboonmee  || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
However, Eno's father, Amos R. Eno was persuaded by the board to repay the bulk of the loss.
He posted 25 points in their 92-88 loss to eventual champion Stanford.
On 3 May 2014, Ofahengaue played for the Queensland under-20s team against the New South Wales under-20s team, playing off the interchange bench in the 30-8 loss at Penrith Stadium.
In the round robin Team Peterson's only loss came against Jamie Sinclair but they then beat Team Sinclair in the 1 vs. 2 page playoff game and again in the final.
Donna is having some difficulties with her pregnancy, having a risk of fatal blood loss.
This allows the Danish troops to retreat without loss of life.
To prevent the loss of these trained national servicemen at the end of their one-year service to other units of the South African Defence Force, it was decided to form a new citizen force parachute unit to take these men.
Warren also added that the song's message was universal in nature and relatable to any loss faced in life.
They were able to do so, though not without the loss of Major Mears.
In 2020, MJI sued the Mississippi Department of Health on behalf of Donna Harris who was providing weight loss advice for clients.
The research is then used to create a narrative to explain the loss.
He returned to action on January 22, 2017, where he logged four points and a rebound in a 73–122 blowout loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
1932-1932 - Loss of over 14% of Krasnodar's population during the Soviet famine of 1932–1933
He won a second Mulrooney Medal in 1981 and was an Alex Jesaulenko Medalist in 1982 for his performance in Eastlake's grand final loss to Ainslie.
Coleman made his first-team debut on 17 March 2015, coming on as a 57th-minute substitute for Jake Kean in a 3–1 League One home loss against Milton Keynes Dons.
Rick Ferrell made his major league baseball debut with the St. Louis Browns, going 0-for-1 in a pinch-hitting appearance during a 5–4 loss to the Detroit Tigers.
Due to its unique appearance and the loss of other similar buildings, the place has a special association with early German immigrants who played an important role in the settlement of Queensland and whose descendants still live in the area.
He also made an appearance in the 2010–11 UAE President's Cup in Round 1 on 21 September 2010 in a 4-1 loss against Baniyas F.C.
The Terriers closed out their non-conference portion of the schedule with a loss against Albany, 66–71.
The better known opponents Hollandersky fought in Panama after his loss of the title in 1914 included Jerry Cole, "Steamboat" Bill Scott, Tommy Connors, Eddie Ryan and later in 1916, Panama Joe Gans.
Guzmán's loss of impartiality, though condemned by academia, did not dampen her popularity with native populations, who have honored her with festivals and renamed the town square in her honor.
With the loss of the court case the chapters at SUNY institutions became independent local fraternities after 1953.
This created a "sense of Sunni loss of privilege" and power; "a deep desire for revenge against “usurpers” specifically the "cosmopolitan, affluent elite" and "above all" the Shi’a and Iran.
Despite the loss of the demonstrator, the company decided to proceed with the Hawk 200; by 1987, the first pre-production samples were being manufactured.
The Swiss then avenged his US Open loss Kei Nishikori, defeating him in the quarter finals in straight sets.
He was court-martialed and convicted to 3 months in prison, 5 years loss of civil rights, and a 500-lei fine (later commuted to a 10-day prison sentence).
| 2015-06-05|| Loss ||align=left| Saen Parunchai || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00 ||208-32-2
The FSIO is charged with ensuring the reliability of this social insurance system within its areas of responsibility: old age and survivors’ insurance (AHV), invalidity insurance (IV), supplementary benefits, occupational pension funds, compensation for loss of earnings for people on national service and women on maternity leave, and family allowances in the agricultural sector.
On 4 August, Pasher scored in a 3–2 loss to Austin FC, but left the game in the first half due to an ankle injury.
As a senior, he collected 54 tackles (sixth on the team), one tackle for loss, 3 interceptions (tied for the team lead).
Loss of territory and activity as raiding force 
He kicked two goals in the 17-point loss.
On January 22, 2018, he scored a season-high 23 points in a 112–107 loss to Charlotte.
On his 21st birthday, Jackson would have his best all-around game in his rookie season with 20 points, 7 rebounds, 5 assists, 1 steal and a season-high 4 blocks in a 123–113 loss on the Denver Nuggets.
The Guardian gave the album three stars out of five and described the closing track "I Don't Need a Lover" as "This one is a piano ballad dominated by a vocal performance of silvery regret and loss.
Donawa made his debut for Darlington on 3 August 2019 in their 3–1 loss away at Farsley Celtic.
His performance as commander of the losing side at the Battle of Lak Sao in early 1964, plus the loss of support from its political patron Major-General Phoumi Nosavan, led to Sang's resignation from command.
Home Truths: Motherhood, Photography and Loss, Foundling Museum, London, England (2013).
PG  > WG  > OE wītu "punishments" (if -ij- were lost before high-vowel loss, the result would be **wīt);
Nacho reports Lalo's plan for Gus's dead drops to Gus, who unhappily accepts the loss of nearly $1 million to keep secret Nacho's identity as a mole within the Salamanca organization.
On 18 October 2014, Bird played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis, playing at centre in the 15-14 loss at Mt Smart Stadium.
Fracking was noted by both the Chester Chronicle and BBC News as a politically hot topic in Cheshire, particularly around Upton where one gas company had planning permission for a drilling site, and the Conservative loss was partly attributed to community fears about the practice.
Spring Brook experiences noticeable flow loss.
According to press reports, these actions by the Post Office caused the loss of dozens of jobs, bankruptcy, divorce, unwarranted prison sentences and one documented suicide.
Researchers at Corning had previously developed optical fiber with loss below the crucial attenuation limit of 20 dB/km, but the fibers could not be manufactured at rates higher than 2 meters per second.
The Labour Party won 48 seats - a loss of 10 seats from the previous election, but remained firmly in control.
He played his first MLS game with the Red Bulls on March 17, a 1–0 loss to Real Salt Lake.
They realize that he has amnesia and is suffering a fatal case of memory loss, causing him to not remember anything about himself.
As emergency services begin to arrive, the survivors rejoice and mourn the loss of their loved ones.
On his debut on 1 September, a 1–0 loss at Olympique de Marseille, he sprained his right ankle under a challenge from Jordan Amavi and was ruled out for six weeks.
He started in every match from the start of the season until he was suspended following a sending off for a second bookable offence during a 2–0 loss against Cardiff City on 18 October 2008, serving a one match suspension.
There was worldwide shock at the huge loss of life and the procedural errors that had led to it.
Cruz failed to become boxing's first openly gay world champion after suffering a knockout loss to Orlando Salido for the vacant WBO featherweight title in 2013.
These effects combine to trigger blood clotting and limiting blood loss.
The area in the vicinity of Keyser Creek has experienced habitat loss due to abandoned mine impacts.
bgcolor="ffbbbb" | Kastles Loss
The name "Decathect" describes the act of withdrawing one's feelings of attachment from a person or idea in the anticipation of future loss.
They incurred a loss of $7,759.
SES kept the decision despite the loss of the launch vehicle and payload of another SpaceX mission in June 2015, but postponed the launch until late 2015.
Kerby also ran unsuccessfully as an Independent candidate for governor in 1938 after a narrow loss in the three-way primary, garnering less than 5% of the vote.
The Elginerpeton is considered more derived than the elpistostegalid fishes due to presence of paired fangs on the parasymphysial toothplate, a slender shaped anterior coronoid, and in the loss of the intracranial joint and coronoid fossa.
After featuring from the bench in his debut, a 2–1 loss at Huddersfield Town, he scored his first goal on 3 March in a 3–1 away win over Birmingham City; as the team could only rank seventh, he returned to the Estadio de la Cerámica.
In Round 26 against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Blake suffered a season-ending shoulder injury during the Panthers 28-12 loss at Brookvale Oval, unfortunately resulting him of missing the finals series and representing Fiji for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
As they lost professional engagements due to appointments with the police and the nervous strain Hawthorne suffered because of these and giving evidence at the trial, on 7 April 1911 HM Treasury authorised the payment of £100 in respect of expenses incurred and loss sustained by the couple in connection with the case of Rex v. Crippen.
Its mission was to defend the sector between Tamarite de Litera and Viñaza Hill (Vértice Viñaza), but it was not able to bear the Francoist onslaught and the brigade suffered a great loss of lives during the last-ditch withdrawal.
The Blues lost their ninth Premier League game (out of sixteen) of the season, while Leicester City moved to the top of the Premier League, in a 2–1 loss on Monday.
He made his debut as a professional on 2 November 1986, starting in a 0–3 away loss against Recreativo de Huelva in the Segunda División.
On December 23, he made his season debut for the Grizzlies, logging six points, two rebounds and five assists in a 119–131 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
The controversy brought about by the film resulted in the loss of interest and bankruptcy of Fortuna Films, marking the death of Virgínia’s film career.
He is the author of several books, including the memoir, My New Orleans, Gone Away – A Memoir of Loss and Renewal.
This loss broke UCF's thirteen game home conference win streak dating back to November 25, 2011 against UTEP.
Critics noted the loss of functionality in Photos as compared to its predecessors.
After being included in the 28-man list for the year's Campeonato Paulista, Cascardo made his professional debut on 8 April, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–3 away loss against São Paulo.
He returned to the senior side in the thirty-six point loss against  at Etihad Stadium in round 17 in which he recorded twenty-three disposals and seven clearances.
Alabama turned a 19–4 start and a 35–22 halftime lead into a 73–50 onslaught to give South Carolina its first loss of the season and head coach Avery Johnson his first ever SEC win.
Meerman is currently working on research into the science of weight loss, particularly what happens to fat when people lose weight.
His first game in the Bundesliga took place on 9 September, when he played the second half of a 3–0 away loss against FC Augsburg.
March began with second-placed Hull City's first loss of 2016 as former Birmingham defender Curtis Davies deflected Toral's shot past his own goalkeeper, but defeat at Blackburn Rovers dropped Birmingham to ninth position.
Andrew Prokop of Vox writes that after his loss in the 1994 election, Bush retained very conservative beliefs and policies, but sought to adopt a more moderate image.
Focus Birmingham is a registered, specialist charity providing support, advice and information to anyone in the Birmingham area affected by sight loss or other disabilities.
Omaveloxolone is currently under clinical investigation for a variety of indications, including Friedreich’s ataxia, mitochondrial myopathies, immunooncology, and prevention of corneal endothelial cell loss following cataract surgery.
In haplorrhine primates, the loss of the wet rhinarium and reduced number of turbinates are correlated with their diminished reliance on smell.
After a hiatus following his loss, he announced his candidacy for Governor of Rhode Island; in a seven-way race, Chafee won the governorship with 36 percent of the vote.
She is a human environment geographer, focused on climate change adaptation and loss and damage.
The loss of regulatory function results in uncontrolled cell proliferation and migration during fetal development.
On January 2, 2015 in an 81-75 loss to Cal, Williams-Goss came the closest to a triple-double in his college career, posting 19 points, 9 assists, and 8 rebounds on 7-for-16 from the field and 5-for-6 from the free throw line.
Lesions of the Pars triangularis lead to the loss of the ability to produce spoken or written language (expressive aphasia), vs inability to comprehend language or speak with appropriately meaningful words (receptive aphasia)
He made his debut for the Pilgrims on 5 August as a 72nd-minute substitute for Jake Jervis in a 2–1 loss at Peterborough United, and afterwards he was praised by his midfield partner Graham Carey.
He debuted on 11 November in a friendly against the Finns, a 2–0 loss at the Stade de France.
The court martial on 11 September for the loss of the vessel acquitted Cotgrave.
Mamercus met him in the field, but was defeated with heavy loss.
The British tug HMS St. Genny foundered in the English Channel off the coast of Ushant with the loss of 28 out of 33 crew.
In late 1781 he received from his father the government over the Nikolsburg estate, and one year later, Karl Johann sold his Silesian estates, after the loss of this area in the hands of Prussia.
With the loss to The Journey: Tumultuous Times (which became the eighth drama to receive a second nomination), C.L.I.F.
Areas that suffered paint loss and overpainting are Gabriel's cope and the vase holding the flowers.
On September 28, 2017, Amos made his first start of the season and recorded eight combined tackles during a 45–13 loss at the Green Bay Packers.
The possible ramifications of these allegations were that if it was found that Haveron did not properly serve the ban, the penalty would have been a minimum fine of £350 and Carrick Rangers would forfeit the game as a 0–3 loss.
Narrowest loss margins (by wickets)
He made his debut in Allsvenskan on 9 April 2015, coming on as a late substitute for Junes Barny in a 3–0 home loss against IFK Norrköping; at the age of only 15, he became the youngest-ever footballer to debut for Halmstad and the second youngest to debut in Allsvenskan after Nicklas Bärkroth.
In the season finale against the Calgary Stampeders, Bridge came in after halftime and ignited the Lions offense, nearly leading the team to a comeback but coming up short in a 21–16 loss.
With the loss of Phou Nok Kok, which barred the eastern entry to the Plain, the Royalists were forced to withdraw.
He hit the 20-point mark for the first time in his career on February 26, scoring 22 points in a 119–98 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
The NBBJ proposal featured a  atrium in the middle of the tower that would function like a skylight; the 60-story tower also incorporated floor layouts that would have allowed for 10 to 15 more people per floor despite the loss of a central core, allowing for the height to be reduced.
It starts with the loss of love to the moment of a break-up, to heartbreak, to trying to forget, to being able to slowly pick yourself back together and move on, to getting to know God, to meeting the one, to protecting the one you love.”
On 13 October 2013, Faitala-Mariner played for the Junior Kiwis against the Junior Kangaroos at second-row in the Kiwis' 26–38 loss.
His story did not win, and Tingle subsequently published Pounded in the Butt by My Hugo Award Loss.
On 3 November 2012 he made his first team – and Série A – debut, coming on as a late substitute in a 0–1 away loss against Flamengo.
United Left (IU) failed to reach the 5% electoral threshold, resulting in the loss of all its 2 seats, while the Riojan Party (PR) maintained its 2 seats.
On January 17, 2016, he recorded 11 points and 18 rebounds in a 103–96 double overtime loss to the Illawarra Hawks, fouling out in the second overtime.
This causes a conformational change in the protein that is necessary for signal propagation and also leads to the loss of fluorescence.
Shortly following a home loss to The Citadel, VMI chose not to renew Woods' contract, and several weeks later announced the hire of Wachenheim.
| 2013-11-23 || Loss ||align=left| Karim Benmansour || La 20ème Nuit des Champions|| Marseilles, France || Decision || 3 ||
In an immediate statement issued by the Foreign Ministry, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed "his deep shock at the reports of massive earthquake that has caused devastation in Nepal and Northern India this morning" and, on behalf of Pakistan, expressed "heartfelt condolences and sympathies ... on the tragedy that has caused loss of precious lives and properties".
Maxsø would instead stay at Brøndby, and made his European debut for the club on 17 August in a 2–1 away loss to Red Bull Salzburg in the first leg of the play-off round of the UEFA Champions League.
April also played in the 33–37 loss to the  in Johannesburg as his side finished in fourth spot to qualify for the quarter finals.
Vida Silvestre believes that special attention should be paid to the Chaco eco-region which has been subjected to the greatest loss of native woodlands over the last 20 years.
Jay (Ed O'Neill) begins to worry that he does not have a conventionally masculine son, as Manny (Rico Rodriguez) mourns his girlfriend's loss and Gloria (Sofia Vergara) dresses and makes up Joe (Pierce Wallace) like a girl.
On 29 April 2015, Maersk said it had been informed by the Iranian Ports and Maritime Organization that an Iranian court had ordered it to pay $3.6 million in compensation to an Iranian company for the loss of 10 of its containers Maersk Line had shipped to Dubai in January 2005.
The threats faced by Seriatopora hystrix and other corals include ocean acidification, climate change and habitat loss.
Following a Blue Jays loss on May 1, 2015, Copeland was called up for the first time, replacing Andrew Albers on the roster.
The U.S. estimated that 507 VC had been killed at a loss of 83 Americans, 14 South Koreans, 8 South Vietnamese, and an unrecorded number of Montagnards.
In Week 8, he collected a season-high four combined tackles in the Chargers'  29–26 loss at the Baltimore Ravens.
William himself landed in June 1690 bringing substantial reinforcements; James's army was defeated at the Boyne in July, leading to the loss of Dublin, but held off William's advance at the Siege of Limerick in September.
The next week, Derby made two receptions for 21-yards and caught an 11-yard touchdown reception in a 29–19 loss at the Kansas City Chiefs.
On 7 May 2016, Goodall played for Fiji against Papua New Guinea in the 2016 Melanesian Cup where he played in the second row position in the 24–22 loss at Parramatta Stadium.
The current spun the boat around sidewise and the snag ripped a hole half the length of the hull, sinking the vessel cabin-deep, and rendering cargo of oats a total loss.
He recorded his first NBA double-double on November 19, with 15 points and 10 rebounds in a 98–88 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.
Dubose started four games in 2012 as a sophomore and finished with 15 tackles and 0.5 tackle for loss.
During Week 8 against the Philadelphia Eagles, he recorded eight punts for a season-high 364 net yards (44.00 average) in the 33-10 road loss.
He scored his first goal in the top level on 22 July, netting his side's only in a 1–2 loss against Fluminense also at the Estádio Moisés Lucarelli.
On January 21, 2006, Clinkscales posted a season-best six assists in a one-point loss to .
After Moore's death, Bill de Blasio, the mayor of New York City, said, "Our hearts are heavy today as we mourn the loss of police officer Brian Moore.
On 27 February, Wellington, having with little loss effected the passage of the Pau below Orthez, attacked Soult.
Furman had 64 tackles, 14 for loss, seven sacks, and one forced fumble his senior season.
Both semifinal losers are awarded bronze medals, so no boxers compete again after their first loss.
A major earthquake there could also cause flooding, which would impact drinking quality, and a loss of electricity.
At the end of the nineteenth century some further passenger connections were opened, but in the twentieth century widespread decline took place as collieries and iron works reduced their output and eventually closed, followed by widespread loss of passenger traffic.
He said he has heard stories of MPs told they could face loss of public investment in their constituencies and releasing of embarrassing stories.
After changed circumstances rendered its tenure less secure, the Friends of Purga Association moved the church to its present location in 1995 because they feared its loss.
In an early season loss to defending champions Philippine Patriots on October 16, 2010, he posted 17 points and 11 rebounds.
She foundered in November 1812 with the loss of her entire crew.
In a letter to the editor of The Age 12 August 1909 in response to the likely loss of the Waratah, states that he has been experimenting with a new system of wireless telegraphy, nearing completion, with input by typewriter rather than morse key.
French troopship  struck a mine and sank off the coast of Greece, with the loss of one life.
Carlos was promoted to the main squad of Figueira in 2015 by manager Argel Fucks, and made his Série A debut on 10 May, coming on as a second-half substitute for Nirley in a 1–4 away loss against Sport.
On 11 July 2015, he made his debut for the Flying Fijians starting on the wing in a 26–27 loss to the Māori All Blacks in Suva.
Due to severe weather conditions, a second show in Taipei was canceled, causing an estimated loss of US$980,000.
During a Week 9 matchup against the Falcons, he caught five receptions for 46 yards and his first touchdown of the season on a seven-yard pass from Jameis Winston during a 28–43 loss.
In 1990 EMLL sent him to Puerto Rico to work a match on World Wrestling Council's 17th Anniversary show, teaming with Mascarita Sagrada in a loss to Espectrito and Piratita Morgan.
Sodium phenylbutyrate Sodium phenylbutyrate treatment in a SOD1 mouse model of ALS showed improved motor performance and coordination, decreased neural atrophy and neural loss, and increased weight gain.
This devastating inherited illness leads to congenital defects, progressive loss of blood production and an enormous lifetime risk of certain cancers.
Also as part of the tournament, the Mountaineers fell to 0–5 with a 79–74 Thanksgiving Day loss to Elon.
On November 23, 2017, Everett earned the start at strong safety after Nicholson sustained a concussion during their 34–31 loss at the New Orleans Saints the previous week.
They also had a net loss of one seat in Wales.
Alexander enjoyed a bounce-back senior year, recording 70 tackles with 12 tackles for loss and four sacks in 2014
He played four out of five games at the tournament, including Jersey's semi-final loss to Italy, and finished with eight wickets, second only to Ben Stevens for Jersey.
He made his professional debut in a substitute in a 3-1 loss to Bangkok United on 4 April 2015.
He played his final game for New Zealand in round 14 of the 2021 NRL season where he scored a hat-trick in a 42-16 loss against Melbourne.
The ship was in poor condition prior to her loss, her captain Commander J.
The British ferry Portsdown struck a mine and sank in the Celtic Sea with the loss of 23 lives.
The German passenger liner General von Steuben was torpedoed and sunk in the Baltic Sea by Soviet submarine S-13, resulting in the loss of over 4,000 lives.
The North Vietnamese and Viet Cong lost more than 1,200 troops, with an indeterminate number of wounded, indicating, as one historian would note, that "A loss rate of 4 to 1" was "clearly acceptable to the North Vietnamese leadership."
Unfortunately, with a 102–83 loss, they were knocked out of the championship race, and the following day, they faced fellow eliminated quarter-finalist Forestville Eagles, also losing this encounter 118–102.
The headquarters for the paper were destroyed in 1942 during a fire, which resulted in the loss of the building and files documenting the company's early history.
Presiding judge Charles N. Clevert found no evidence that "Zhao had intended to defraud or cause any loss to Medical College of Wisconsin, or even to make money for himself".
Plum made her career debut on May 25, 2017, against the Dallas Wings, she scored four points along with one assist off the bench in a 94–82 loss.
On November 14, he made his professional debut in a 98–95 loss to the Iowa Energy, recording three points in 13 minutes off the bench.
In his debut for the Kings four days later, Turner recorded two points, two rebounds and one block in 7:16 off the bench before fouling out in what was a 119–99 loss to the Adelaide 36ers.
After their successful start to the first half of the season, Melbourne Heart only won two of their remaining matches, coinciding with the loss of Fred to injury, and Dugandzic, Aziz Behich and Jason Hoffman to international Olyroos duty, They finished 6th on the ladder, enough to make the finals, and had their best season in the club's history.
He made his senior debut for the latter on 4 March 2020 in a 0–2 friendly loss to Panama.
His first class debut came during the 2013 Vodacom Cup competition; he came on as a replacement in their 10–52 loss to the  and also appeared against  a week later.
His team's 10-point 2014 Atlantic 10 Tournament loss to St. Bonaventure, in which he contributed 0 points in 30 minutes, marked the end of his collegiate career.
Her subsequent reports focused on the investigations into Trump's phone call pressuring the Secretary to "find" more votes after his loss to President Joe Biden.
Their loss to Samoa in the Cup quarter-finals saw them into the Plate semis, they beat Argentina but lost to Australia in the finals.
ECMC Group reported a loss of $100 million for Zenith Education Group in 2015.
A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler, Richardson was selected in Sint Maarten's squad for the 2006 Stanford 20/20, playing in their preliminary round loss to the United States Virgin Islands (USVI).
Drexel's opening round loss in the 2005 National Invitation Tournament - which marked their third consecutive appearance in the NIT - was his last collegiate game.
In their debut season in the NPFL (Nigeria professional football league, he made 6 appearances in the first 9 matches, but with hard work and dedication, which led to a goal in their 2–1 loss away to Nasarawa United in lafia.
This caused a split with the traditional elites and the loss of confidence of the general public.
He lost the fight via TKO (doctor stoppage) after the second round and was subsequently released from the promotion following the loss.
In either case there is a mismatch loss of 1½dB, or more.
Because Kimihito is covered in bite marks (caused by the other blood-drinking liminals) and looked to be dying from blood loss, Curie assumed that she had turned him into a vampire slave; however, he turns out to be unharmed and makes an iron-rich lunch for her "since [she] was so pale [he] thought she looked anemic".
The cost of the building, with other factors, soon led to the withdrawal of most of the original investors, at a loss of about £1800 each, and the place eventually fell into the hands of two of them, Thomas Welsh and William Hawes.
Designer drugs can also include substances that are not psychoactive in effect, such as analogues of controlled anabolic steroids and other performance and image enhancing drugs (PIEDs), including nootropics, weight loss drugs and erectile dysfunction medications.
Despite the loss of his armies, Luthor is still able to bring down the spire Superman is in.
On the June 1 episode of NXT, Murphy would revert to his "Buddy Murphy" ring name in a loss against Tye Dillinger.
During cell division many plasmids are plagued with low copy numbers and thus evolved active segregation to avoid plasmid loss during cell division  The process of this segregation is carried out by a small number of components, three to be exact, in the DNA, with incredible efficiency.
Following the loss to Joshua, Whyte spent some time recovering from a shoulder surgery and returned to the boxing ring on Joshua's first world title defence at The O2 Arena on 25 June 2016.
Despite the loss of Carlos Boozer in the offseason, James teamed with Žydrūnas Ilgauskas and Drew Gooden to form the core of the team.
Alizada went into the fight as the world number one, but Burnett avenged his previous loss with a dominant 13–6 victory.
The winner of each block is determined by a points system; one point for a victory, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
In the wake of the loss Johnson commented: "We weren't guarding at all and had too many turnovers".
Back in Kategoria Superiore, the loss was followed by another one three days later as Kukësi fell to Partizani Tirana with the result 2–0.
Filmed at Universal Studios in California and directed by Rich Lee, the video features Eminem as a person with superhuman abilities although suffering from memory loss.
The bargaining between the unions under the Pacific Coast Metal Trades District Council, and the Pacific Shipbuilders Association led to a new contract, but that did not prevent Todd Shipyards from losing a significant amount of business and subsequent loss of workers in the years that followed.
However, the primary cause of catalyst deactivation can be ascribed to surface area loss due to pore occlusion from deposits on the catalyst surface.
The Heat finished their 2015–16 run in a Game 7 (89-116) loss against the Toronto Raptors in the Conference Semifinals.
However, in the 8–3 loss, Mark Giordano became the first Flames' defenceman to score 20 goals in one season since Dion Phaneuf in 2005–06, while rookie Hunter Shinkaruk scored his first NHL goal.
The season officially began its regular games on October 7, 2015, with a 3–1 loss against the Montreal Canadiens.
The loss of the USS Liberty during the war at the hands of the IDF reaffirmed the relative safety of using aircraft for fleet reconnaissance.
The article quoted Sinclair as saying, "When two of the defendants make a deal between themselves that ends up in a loss of funding to the survivors, then who really suffers?"
Partners of injured people often feel out of control, overwhelmed, angry, and guilty while having added work related to the injury, less help with responsibilities like parenting, and loss of wages.
He recorded a career total of 101 tackles, 13 tackles for loss, 5 sacks, and 2 interceptions.
He made his debut on 11 August, starting in their 1–0 home loss to Arsenal; he and teammate Miguel Almirón were criticised by the club's all-time record scorer Alan Shearer for their performances.
Taylor proceeded to score on his League One debut against Scunthorpe United in a 3–1 loss.
In pool play, players will earn three points for each win, one bonus point if they hit three 180's and zero points for a loss.
For him it was like the loss of a dear, close person.
Fire could not only destroy the nearly 140-year-old wooden flume system that brings Tenmile Creek water to the city, but loss of forest and undercover would create immense erosion that would pollute Tenmile Creek and render it unusable for human use for as long as five years.
For instance, pollinators like bees and butterflies represent an important ecological group that has undergone severe decline in Europe, indicating a dramatic loss of grassland biodiversity.
Callely said that following the loss of his Dáil seat in 2007, he took up residence in Cork.
In 1526, the Order of Saint John sent a commission of 8 knights to inspect the island of Malta, which had been offered to them by Emperor Charles V as a potential base following their loss of Rhodes.
Carlsen, however, deftly used the fact that a draw was equivalent to a loss for Caruana, constantly forcing Caruana to avoid simplifications.
It is used to refer to the loss of Iranian independence in the fields manufacturing, products and innovation due to the import of cheap Chinese alternatives.
After all of that loss, the show opted for a more-hopeful season finale, even if there were some low points."
The same two candidates Johnstone and Baxter competed at Raglan, Baxter commanding a lead of just 39 votes at the final count, a loss of 6 votes from the preliminary count.
He made his debut in the competition on 20 February, coming on as a second-half substitute for Jonathan Viera in a 1–2 home loss against FC Barcelona.
2021  Songs of Loss and Separation - Times of Grace
Gounaris, Stratos and Protopapadakis would all be executed on November 15, 1922 after the overthrow of the government in the wake of Greece's loss to Turkey at the end of a three-year war.
Florence Kernel, an insurance loss adjuster, visits him at his rambling property and stables, where he lives alone, aided by Antoine.
 The Office of the Ombudsman finds probable cause to file charges against former PNP chief Alan Purisima and former SAF director Getulio Napeñas for the Mamasapano operation that saw 44 SAF troopers killed, the biggest loss of the police in recent history.
On 2 April 2017, Rômulo scored on the first match day of Allsvenskan, in a 2–1 away loss against IFK Norrköping.
weight loss in week 10 was displayed as 7 lbs.
He was named in a Varsity Cup Dream Team after the competition, starting the team's match against the South Africa Under-20s, which ended in a 24–31 loss for the students.
A consortium of American businesses are disturbed by the loss of profits due to Chinese businesses located in Chinatowns in the United States.
He made it his debut for Kosovo on 25 May 2014 against Senegal, coming on as a substitute in the 79th minute in place of Kushtrim Mushica in a 3–1 loss.
Levi played at hooker in the Knights' New South Wales Cup Grand Final win over the Wyong Roos, and the following week in the NRL State Championship Final, a 12-26 loss against the Ipswich Jets.
On August 2, 2009, he defeated Marc Krieger at an Empire State Wrestling (ESW) event, preceding an August 15 loss to Bobby Fish.
Anderson was named a JC Gridwire All-American and the National Division East Conference Defensive Player of the Year in 2010 after finishing the season with 92 tackles, 17 tackles for a loss and nine sacks.
Having once been common in the United Kingdom, the population of ospreys declined sharply in the 19th century as a result of human activity and habitat loss, eventually leading to extinction in England during the 1840s and in Scotland around 1916.
He made his NBA debut on October 19, 2018, recording 10 points and 3 assists off the bench in a 88–120 loss to the Charlotte Hornets.
On 16 July 2014 he made his first team – and Série A – debut, starting in a 0–1 away loss against Sport Recife.
As a result of loss of the burial ground, Brown left the congregation in protest.
On December 3, 2017, Engram caught seven passes for a season-high 99 receiving yards and a touchdown during a 24–17 loss at the Oakland Raiders.
Eventually the program had to be closed due to loss of funding, but was merged with the Children's Registry at Hillcrest Medical Center, which then merged with Parents Anonymous, which is now the Parent Child Center.
On February 10, 2019, he scored a career-high 37 points and made eight 3-pointers in a 120–118 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
United States nationality law () formerly provided for automatic loss of U.S. citizenship by dual citizens resident abroad, but this was repealed by the Immigration and Nationality Act Amendments of 1978 (; ).
Already nearing the featherweight maximum after his loss of the title to George Dixon, Erne began fighting in the lightweight division, meeting George "Kid" Lavigne for his first Lightweight Title bout on September 28, 1898, in Brooklyn.
In Round 3, he started his first NRL game, a 30-8 loss to the Manly Sea Eagles.
Fifita put in many good performances during the 2019 Super Rugby season, playing his 50th game for the Hurricanes, alongside hooker Ricky Riccitelli, in the seventh round of the season, although it ended in an 8-32 loss to the Crusaders.
She was torpedoed and sunk by  on 19 May 1943 with the loss of 130 lives.
Loss of smartphone market share
Courts martial acquitted both Nosten and Salaun of the loss of their vessels.
The claims also called for compensation for the damage to their livelihood and loss of land.
Since that time, an urgent need was felt to establish schools that would eliminate the vacuum created by their loss.
After hearing this, Tanu realizes her mistake, Bhoji too gives up, and Abhi goes through memory loss.
She scored 6 points in a 75–95 loss against the Los Angeles Sparks.
That’s another one of the joys here, we rarely get to hear Olivia live and from the divine thrills of 'Xanadu' to the spine chills of I Honestly Love You it’s our loss.
The report, called HPI Check, informs consumers whether a vehicle has outstanding finance, been stolen, written off as a total loss, has a mileage discrepancy (clocked), had a plate change, been cloned, or has an outstanding logbook loan.
It burst into flames with the loss of the five-man crew (all but one were Polish) and 22 Army passengers.
Company I led the attack on Sierra and found that the PAVN were dug in in well-prepared bunkers, the landing zone was secured by the afternoon for the loss of 10 Marines and 23 PAVN killed.
His only other appearance for the first team was a 1–0 loss against Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
In 2014, Radio Chapingo filed for its permit renewal two days late, prompting the loss of the station's permit; however, radio service continued.
On November 30, he finished with a total of five tackles and a sack in an overtime loss to Northern Illinois.
In 2016, French co-wrote a moving book about Kate Grosmaire's experiences with losing her daughter to murder, entitled "Forgiving My Daughter's Killer: A True Story of Loss, Faith, and Unexpected Grace."
 Loss of Innocence (June 7, 2011, Blood & Ink)
He made his debut against rivals Copenhagen on 8 August in a 2–4 away loss.
On May 10, 2016 the Mavericks' 2015–16 season ended with a 5–1 loss to the Allen Americans at home in Game 6 of the Kelly Cup Playoffs Semifinals.
Their 2014 season ended with a three-point loss to Hawthorn in the preliminary final.
Latvala recovered the time loss and increased the advantage to 10.4 seconds, while Mikkelsen moved ahead of Meeke into a podium position.
His paintings are loosely associated in their imagery and symbolism to Magical Realism, exploring themes, often with great humour, such as love and loss, the erosion of memory, natural and fantasy landscape, the elements, along animals, real and imaginary.
On 16 October 2018, he made his NBA debut playing in a single minute under a 107–85 loss to the Boston Celtics.
In the 2013 edition, which was held in Doha, Qatar, he scored 3 goals, one in a 4-6 loss against Australia, another in a 7-0 win over Afghanistan and another in a 3-1 win over Qatar.
Early recognition is crucial given risks for severe visual loss and because it is treatable with immunosuppressive treatment such as steroids.
On February 6, after missing six games with a sprained left ankle, Murray had 19 points and 11 assists in a 135–130 loss to the Brooklyn Nets.
The Planet Ancyra Chronicles version of Solarix ends with a text epilogue that states that Walter's body was found floating in space by the Solarix team sent to investigate the loss of communication from the colony, and reveals that Betty was Elizabeth Woolgather, the protagonist of De-Void.
Reduced to a Bulgarian vassal, Theodore's brother and successor Manuel Komnenos Doukas was unable to prevent the loss of most of his brother's conquests in Macedonia and Thrace, while the original nucleus of the state, Epirus, broke free under Michael II Komnenos Doukas.
He made his professional debut on 13 April 2013, coming on as a half-time substitute for Clemente Rodríguez in a 1–6 away loss against San Martín de San Juan for the Primera División championship.
Parr, J. and Rasmussen, N. (2012), "Making Addicts of the Fat: Obesity, Psychiatry and the ‘Fatties Anonymous’ Model of Self-Help Weight Loss in the Post-War United States", pp.
Later that month, she created more chances than any other player during a 2-1 loss against Brazil in front of a record-breaking 29,238 fans at Riverside Stadium in Middlesbrough.
July 22 – Thirty Years' War: Tilly was defeated by Gustavus Adolphus at the Battle of Werben, suffering a loss of 6,000 men.
He made his season debut for the Power in the team's second game of the season on May 7, playing the entire 40 minutes of the game and scoring 27 points in a 74–73 loss to the Gold Coast Rollers.
His work is a manifestation of a growing number of Anglo-Arab and Franco-Arab writers, emerging in the 2000s, especially authors from a Lebanese background writing in English or French, post Lebanese civil war, such as Rabih Alameddine, Nada Awar Jarrar, Wajdi Mouawad and Rawi Hage, in whose work themes of violence, loss, memory and identity are prominent.
He was added to the team's active roster on July 26, and made his first appearance with Boston the next day, pitching four innings of scoreless relief in a 7–4 loss to the New York Mets.
A number of commentators compared the hack to the loss of privacy during the 2014 celebrity photo hack.
With the loss of all support from the surrounding land and support buildings – like livestock, orchards, barns, tanning, blacksmithing, candle making, vineyards, winery, water rights, loom, Beehive ovens, carpenter shop, soap making, grain silo, in some cases the mission courtyard and more – the Franciscans had no means of support for themselves or the natives.
In 2013, it was reported that the venue's running costs had continued to rise, and the building was operating at a loss of over £30,000 per month.
Genoa's trade, however, remained closely dependent on control of Mediterranean sealanes, and the loss of Chios to the Ottoman Empire (1566), struck a severe blow.
They broke their losing streak with a victory against St. John′s, dealing the Red Storm their 15th straight loss, but it was Georgetown′s last win of the regular season.
After Florida had an unexpected loss to Davidson, captain Frank Oosterhoudt was declared ineligible, and replaced at captain by Bill Middlekauff.
However, how DOCK8 is involved in the loss of T cells is not known.
On her seventh convict voyage Waterloo wrecked on 28 August 1842 in Table Bay with great loss of life.
* – 3 points for a Win, 2 points for an Overtime Win, and 1 point for an Overtime Loss
| 1932-06-04 || Loss ||align=left| Pepe Gonzales || El Toreo, Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico || Decision  || 10  || Unknown || 6-4-1
His disfigurement, combined with the loss of his family, and what he had experienced in the chemical plant drives him insane and transforms him into the Joker.
Forms of social consciousness cannot be dissolved into constituent parts without a critical loss of understanding; this is the basis for Unger's assertion that the principle of totality governs the explanation of social consciousness.
He commented that it may have been the biggest financial loss to the taxpayer in a single transaction ever.
Mid-November 2016, the company reported a loss of £18.1 million for that year.
He debuted for Omónia Aradíppou on 24 November 2018, in a 0-1 loss Second Division away match against Karmiótissa Páno Polemidión.
The Cadets' only loss came against the Navy Midshipmen by a 3 to 0 score in the annual Army–Navy Game.
The TEB also obtained from the authorities consent for the withdrawal of certain loss making services and practical support for the construction of the new line.
He made his professional debut on 30 July 2015, coming on as a late substitute for fellow youth graduate Kevin Diks in a 0–3 away loss against Southampton, for the season's UEFA Europa League.
Soares made his UEFA Champions League debut on 22 February 2017, starting in a 2–0 home loss to Juventus F.C.
The Cadets suffered their only loss against Harvard by a 10 to 0 score and played Yale to a 6–6 tie.
Baskonia won by a huge 57–104, the biggest loss ever received by Bilbao Basket.
This is important, as consumers enjoy fresher goods, and furthermore some stores can be fined for selling out of date products; most if not all would have to mark such products down as wasted, resulting in a financial loss.
Although damage was considered light, several loss estimates equaled or exceeded $2 million, and six injuries resulted when two vehicles came down with the partial collapse of a highway overpass on US 101 in Fields Landing.
Despite the loss of the rites and ceremonies that accompanied male circumcision in the past, the physical operation remains crucial to personal identity and pride, and acceptance in society.
The Yankees did not win the pennant again until 1976, three years after CBS sold the team to George Steinbrenner at a loss.
Du Toit retained his starting berth for their semi-final match against Wales, where South Africa suffered a 17–18 loss to be eliminated from the competition.
It was Tennessee's first loss in over two and a half seasons.
On December 29, 2017, he had a career-high 30 points and 10 rebounds in a 111–98 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
Sewanee was crippled in the first half by the loss of Stewart, who fractured his ankle in a scrimmage before the game.
The team still had playoff hopes as they entered the second-to-last week of the regular season, but a loss to the Rochester Rattlers eliminated them.
In the 2016–17 season, Emmanuel started the season on the substitutes bench and did not make his first appearance of the season until 24 September 2016 in a 1–0 loss to Leeds United.
Following the Battle of Dover Strait, where a raid by German torpedo boats on the Dover Strait resulted in the loss of the destroyer  and several drifters, it was decided to strengthen British naval forces in the English Channel.
Stoll Field was dedicated for the game with rival Vanderbilt, the season's only loss.
He made his debut in the opening game of the season, playing 69 minutes in a 2–1 loss against SBV Excelsior, and started twice more before dropping to the bench where he remained largely unused by manager Erwin van de Looi, for reasons including a change of formation and a disciplinary issue.
They go on to describe the record as "a love letter in the form of a reckoning with death, Divers deals with making tangible the huge mass of impending doom about the loss of love.
Owen had no further success in the professional game, his last match being a 0–6 loss to Tony Chappel in the first round of the 1985 edition of the Welsh Professional Championship; having held 17th place in the inaugural world rankings in 1976, he had not occupied a position on the list since 1980.
In the season finale on January 3, 2016, Tye found the endzone again in a Giants loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
He came on at halftime in the team's next match, a 5–1 loss to Vietnam.
He returned from the suspension on April 23 and suffered a season ending shoulder injury in a 4–1 loss to Brentford.
In February 2016, the 19-year-old Verdasca was called to the first team for the first time, for a UEFA Europa League match at Borussia Dortmund, but remained an unused substitute in the 2–0 away loss.
Learning of the loss of Vannes, Edward III of England decided to avenge D'Artois.
Silva made his debut in the Portuguese top flight on 28 December 2021, in a 2–0 away loss to C.S.
Moha made his Ukrainian Premier League debut on 15 August 2014, again from the bench in a 0–5 home loss against FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
In the early 1990s, the loss of the region's military bases and reduction of nearby defense industries due to the end of the Cold War led to a local economic downturn.
In 2015, after parent company NOL suffered four consecutive years of loss, it sold APL Logistics to KWE for US $1.2 billion in order to strengthen its balance sheet and focus on returning APL, its container transportation and shipping operation, to profitability.
The story portrays the protagonist’s loss of childhood innocence and his transition to acting upon his own conscience, which leads him to go against his own father and the environment in which he grew up.
As Jimmy and Carver bond over their shared loss, Carver learns that Jimmy is interested in photography and tutors him.
He made his debut for the U-23 side in a 3–1 loss against Thailand U-23 and scored his first goal in a 3–2 win over Cambodia U-23.
South noted that Australian athletes had to train individually with strong competition held only every 2 years - Australian Championships, the biggest drawback, having to raise their own finances which caused much loss of training.
On June 16, 2019, White pitched for the 3rd time on the season against the Toronto Blue Jays in another blowout loss.
In Round 12 against the St George Illawarra Dragons, Hess made his first appearance in North Queensland's first grade team for 2016, playing off the interchange bench in the 14-10 loss at WIN Stadium.
Having been an unused substitute in 14 Serie A matches and one cup match, he made his debut for the Sardinian club on 14 January 2015 in the last 16 of the season's cup, a 2–1 loss at Parma.
Atlético qualified for the following stage in second place, and was eliminated in the round of 16 by Brazilian club Internacional, with a 2–2 draw in the first leg in Belo Horizonte and a 3–1 loss in Porto Alegre.
Sioux Falls entered the 2011 season following a loss in the league's United Bowl championship game in 2010.
Her prints and drawings from this period were based on forms of seeds, crustaceans' shells and human and animal skeletal elements—metaphors for loss, survival and preservation.
For Christiaan Huygens Stoomvaart Maatschappij Nederland did not get such an advantageous offer, and NSM offered to build her at a loss.
He played the full game, a 3–0 loss.
Manolín made his professional debut on 22 August 2015 at the age of 27, playing the full 90 minutes in a 2–3 home loss against Deportivo Alavés.
The season's only SIAA loss came in the third week against in-state rival Mississippi A&M by a single point, 14–13.
In his first game as a pro, he scored 5 points, 3 rebounds, 6 assists, 2 steals in 16 minutes of play in a 78-86 loss over the Purefoods Star Hotshots.
The number of life-years lost and loss of productivity both have a bearing on the financial cost of the disease.
Remiro made his professional debut on 24 August 2015, starting in a 0–1 home loss against Girona FC.
He made his professional debut on 24 August, coming on as a second-half substitute for Gorka Santamaría in a 1–0 home loss against Girona FC.
In October 2019, Davies launched a new podcast series entitled "The Art of Losing" taking on the topic of loss and grief, with guests including the producer and engineer Mario McNulty and playwright Patrick Jones.
Ten days later, he made his debut in Football League One, playing the entirety of a 0–1 loss to Walsall at Highbury Stadium.
Captain Gourdouan was court-martialled and acquitted of the loss of his ship.
He made his full international debut on June 2, after coming off the bench in a 1–2 friendly loss against Ireland.
His obituary in The Pacific Commercial Advertiser noted: "Judge Robertson’s death will be a great loss to the community, but especially to the government, in which he was a wise counselor and an impartial, upright judge.
Consequently, the overall insertion loss of a cascade of constant resistance sections is simply to sum total of the individual sections.
His father struggled following the Civil War to retain "Llanada" in Catahoula Parish, due in part to reconstruction policies and the loss of slave labor.
Hearing loss accounted for a sizable percentage of occupational illness in 2007, at 14% of cases.
Elimination or reduction of the source of noise or chemical exposure is ideal, but when that is not possible or adequate, wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) such as earplugs or earmuffs can help reduce the risk of hearing loss due to noise exposure.
Although the fight had resulted in a victory for the Jacobites, it has been described as a pyrrhic victory because of the loss of the experienced Dempsey.
His successor Robert Echlin complained bitterly of the damage he had done to the financial position of the diocese, even in such a short space of time: as a result a Commission of Inquiry was set up to ascertain the loss of revenue and propose remedies.
On 29 August, he made his league debut, as an 82nd-minute substitute for Mark Williams in a 1–0 home loss to Greenock Morton.
He made his AFL debut in the fifty-four point loss against  at Domain Stadium in round 22.
Appalling loss of life and hardships often resulted from the processes of acquisition and transportation of slaves to Muslim lands and this drew the attention of European opponents of slavery.
A person is declared brain dead if there is complete loss of all brain function 
He played his only senior VFL match the next year, 147-point loss to Collingwood.
He made his professional debut on 15 October, starting in a 0–1 Copa del Rey away loss against SD Ponferradina.
After the loss, he would fight only 6 times over 8 years and retire from the sport in 1990.
Alerte was a total loss, but the French Navy was able to refloat Espion, which had been under the command of lieutenant de vaisseau Magendie.
Moore averaged 16.0 points, 8.7 rebounds, and 5.7 assists in a loss at Saint Louis, a win at Hartford, and a neutral site win over St. Francis Brooklyn.
On the way the convoy ran into severe weather with the result that Prince of Wales foundered with the loss of all on board; this had been her maiden voyage.
On 5 October 2014, he played for the Broncos in their 2014 Holden Cup Grand final against the New Zealand Warriors, playing at halfback and kicking 2 goals in the 32-34 loss.
The development of envelopes helps regulate a common concern with the loss of water in eggs, which causes the embyrosgenesis to become dormant.
During the same interview, she also performed an acoustic cover of Kate Bush's "The Man with the Child in His Eyes", which appeared on Arena's seventh studio album Songs of Love & Loss released in 2007.
On 21 September 2014, she made her debut in a 1–0 loss to Canberra United.
The Second Schleswig War and the loss of Schleswing-Holstein in 1864 was still recent memory so Germans was viewed with suspicion.
In a loss to Baltimore a month and a half later, Coons set an NFL record when he recorded his 18th consecutive field goal to start his professional career.
Six Nations began with a 14–4 win over the Rockyview Knights, then a 14–11 loss to the Snake Island Muskies, but the Rivermen would turn around their fortunes with a 15–7 win over the Nanaimo Timbermen.
This loss can be reversed, at least in some areas, but only with large scale restoration, including the removal of levees to allow the Mississippi River to carry silt into these areas.
He made his professional debut on 8 September, playing the full 90 minutes of a 2–0 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione loss away to Reggiana.
On 9 November 2016, he made his first senior team appearance for Haiti, coming on as a substitute in a 5–2 loss to French Guiana in the third round of 2017 Caribbean Cup qualification.
He made his debut for the national team on August 19, 2015 in a 5–0 loss against Fiji.
In the mid-1990s, Producer RZA had a flood in his basement studio, which resulted in the loss of recording equipment and several hundred beats, many of which were unfinished.
After beating out an infield single in the first inning of the Marlins' 6–3 loss to the San Diego Padres, Suzuki doubles in the ninth inning for the record-breaking hit.
Giants reliever Will Smith was charged with the loss, even though the run off him was unearned.
His fourth goal came on 31 October 2008, in a 5-3 loss against VVV-Venlo.
The 503 passengers would be evacuated and the ship declared a total loss.
He made his debut that evening, going 0-for-1 with a deep flyout to right field in a loss versus the San Francisco Giants at Nationals Park.
She struggles with the loss of her virginity to her ex-boyfriend.
4 Oklahoma, he had 97 rushing yards and 24 receiving yards in the 34–10 loss.
Spartak made their first turnaround with a win over Valėncia on February 10, then a 2–0 loss to the less powerful Atlético, a newcomer to the Premier Division.
Only a single first down was scored on Tech, a 77–0 loss.
Rathan-Mayes made his NBA debut on the same day, contributed eight points, five assists, two rebounds and two steals in 25 minutes for the Grizzlies in a 98–100 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
Notable works from this later period include "Naissance du Jour" (Birth of Day, 1903), which is still widely reproduced, and an unconventional "Sacred Heart", inspired by his sadness over the loss of two sons in the First World War.
In the following game, a 27–22 loss to the New York Giants, Fuller had another solid outing with five receptions for 101 receiving yards and a touchdown.
Swoopes would win the competition and start the first game, but after a lopsided loss to Notre Dame to start the season, Heard took over at QB.
After a dismal opening loss to Mikhail Kukushkin in the Open 13, Shapovalov turned his attention to Indian Wells.
In 2014, the Rift Valley Railways Consortium, the operator of railways in Kenya and Uganda, reported a loss of US$1.5 million.
A loss to Denmark's Maja Jager in the semi-finals relegated her to the bronze medal match, where she defeated Evangelia Psarra of Greece to claim the final position on the podium.
During the Steelers' 21–7 loss against the Cleveland Browns in Week 10, Sutton returned his first punt of the season for 8 yards.
The commander of the 3rd Army, the Duke of Aosta wrote to his widow: With anguished heart I express to you and your family the most sincere expression of condolences for the painful loss of General Cigliana, my devoted collaborator and dear friend.
Civil Air Patrol members who are employed within the borders of Alabama are entitled to military leave of absence from their employment "without loss of pay, time, efficiency rating, annual vacation, or sick leave" under the Code of Alabama § 31-2-13 when training or other service related to Civil Air Patrol.
Loss of  after  (e.g.
In February 1941 he was recommended for bravery during loss of ; he was awarded the DSC for this in December 1941.
Aside from hearing appeals, Linden issued recommendations on broader privacy and access issues, including employer disclosure of information about employees with AIDS, and the risk of document loss or improper disclosure from then-ubiquitous fax machines.
On 8 July 1801 at Jamaica the customary court martial acquitted Captain Quinton, his officers, and crew of the loss of Legere.
Later in the First Round of the qualifiers, he was again on target in the second leg in a 2–1 loss against Cameroonian side, Coton Sport FC de Garoua.
His letter spelled out that getting away from the monastery had involved significant weight loss because of the amount of walking he had had to undertake in the cold rain.
The French passenger steamer Lafayette caught on fire in Le Havre and was a total loss.
On 8 April 2018, Bender recorded 14 points and a career-high 14 rebounds in a 117–100 loss to the Golden State Warriors.
Werder ended 2015 with a loss against Frankfurt, thus ending the first half of the Bundesliga season in the relegation zone.
This highlights focal loss only (i.e.
As a result, M. beecheii is facing loss of habitat and the ancient tradition of stingless beekeeping is on the verge of dying out.
In Hong Kong, Dennis Taylor recovered a 2–4 deficit to beat Gollan 5–4, while Willie Thorne defeated him 5–1 in Thailand and his run at the UK Championship, encompassing victories over Dave Martin and Eddie Charlton, concluded with a 5–9 loss to compatriot Alain Robidoux.
The use of foam glass to protect the heating duct reduces heat loss by approximately 25% compared to conventional protective materials.
To make up for the loss, CP purchased two SD90MACs from Union Pacific for another batch of 30 rebuilds; these are to be numbered 7030–7059.
The ship sank with no loss of life in the Atlantic Ocean  south by east of the Fastnet Rock.
The next day, he made his debut for Culiacán in a 103–77 loss to the Frayles de Guasave, recording 28 points, four rebounds, four assists and one block in 28 minutes.
He was included in the first team's 2015 pre-season tour of Austria, during which he came off the bench in a 3–1 loss against Red Bull Salzburg.
Charles Silva was promoted to the main squad in 2015, and made his Série A debut on 3 June, coming on as a first-half substitute for Julio dos Santos in a 0–3 home loss against Ponte Preta, after starter Jordi was sent off.
Brett Cecil took his fifth loss of the season in the final game of April, 4–3, by allowing the winning run to score in the bottom of the ninth inning without recording an out.
With the Blue Jays loss, the Boston Red Sox clinched the division.
The match was a disappointing loss for Levin who gave up 18 pounds to the shorter but stockier Ali Baba.
When McIlherron was finally forced to quit fighting due to blood loss, the posse of over 100 men tried to lynch him, right there in McMinnville.
When Fethard was disenfranchised at the Act of Union 1800, the compensation for loss of a pocket borough was divided between Barton and the family of Cornelius O'Callaghan, 1st Baron Lismore.
Watanabe's outside interference in the match was stopped by Hirooki Goto and Katsuyori Shibata, leading to Naito suffering a loss.
Mike Ayers of Rolling Stone complimented the song's overall production for "exploring loss over a smooth, orchestral production," while also commending her vocal performance, noting that "just when you think that it might be one of Carey's more controlled performances in years, she brings it home with classic Carey high notes."
On 2 October 2021, he scored 18 points in Njarðvík's 100–113 loss against Þór Þorlákshöfn in the Icelandic Super Cup.
Kaptita, McCormick, and Piot, as well as Sheila Mitchell of the CDC, identified the loss of t-cells in Kapita's patients.
Pilots are pressured to make a decision when canceling the flight, which could lead to the loss in reputation and revenue for the companies.
Festivals often provide a safe space for coming of age rituals for young women, adult romance and commitment ceremonies, the expression of alternative perspectives on motherhood, and the expression of grief and loss.
He premiered his video art piece Loss Less at the Louvre.
Royal Navy torpedo gunboat  struck a mine and sank in the North Sea along with a naval trawler, with the loss of one of her 91 crew (the other boat lost another five crew).
The Austrian-Hungarian battle cruiser SMS Zenta was sunk by Allied ships at the Battle of Antivari in the Adriatic Sea with the loss of 173 sailors.
The Irish won six of their eight games, with a loss at Nebraska, and a tie at Wisconsin.
The loss was charged to Robbie Ross Jr. however, who allowed the winning run in an 8–8 tie.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Rays team member
Ounas made his debut for the senior Algeria in a 1–0 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Zambia on 5 September 2017.
Jones kicked four goals for Border United FC (Albury) in their 1933 Ovens & Murray Football League one point grand final loss to Wangaratta, after earlier kicking 11 goals against Rutherglen in round nine.
The Braves ended their road series against the Nationals with a 6–2 loss.
Despite the loss, Julio Teherán recorded a career-high 12 strikeouts, including four in one inning.
The Braves concluded the series with a 3-0 loss to the Indians who earned their 12th straight victory.
Despite a three-run rally in the eighth to tie the game, Clint Robinson hit a go-ahead RBI single to left field that handed the Braves their sixth straight loss in a 7-6 defeat.
The loss of deGrom meant that the Mets had lost 3/5 of their Opening Day starting rotation.
Ben Zobrist homered and drove in two in the Cubs' fifth straight loss.
In a 3–1 loss to the Brewers on June 1, Brandon Moss' 10th home run, a pinch-hit, accounted for the only Cardinals' run of the game.
In 1999 author Jonathan Lethem described 1999's Past Forgetting as a "quietly moving memoir recounting that great rarity, a truly encompassing and persistent loss of memory."
His next tough loss came on June 17, 2011, where he lost by UD against Carlos Cuadras, coincidentally a future WBC super flyweight champion himself.
Heirs cannot qualify for loan modifications and other loss mitigation programs when facing foreclosure.
During World War I, Großweier mourned the loss of 29 killed and missing.
Franco's authorities sentenced him to 15 years of exile and the loss of his nationality.
The Firebase was assaulted by People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN) on the morning of 20 March 1970, the assault was repulsed for the loss of 10 U.S. killed and 10 PAVN killed.
Christian Democracy itself obtained just the 24% of suffrages, suffering a notable loss from the previous election.
Waal plays International football for Suriname, having made his debut in the final qualifying round of the 2010 Caribbean Cup, in the 2–1 loss against Antigua and Barbuda.
He would go on to play as a starter for all of the group stage matches, including the round-of-16 loss against Brazil.
It disappeared over the Mediterranean, probably near Corsica, on 4 October 1945 with its crew of 6 airmen and 19 female service personnel - the worst loss of female British and Commonwealth service personnel from the Second World War to date.
Their symptoms included loss of arm and leg control, high fevers, and disorientation.
On 19 August 2011, Colina made his first appearance for Curaçao in the countries first official match after the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles, a friendly encounter against the Dominican Republic ending in a 1–0 loss.
Though the team showed the same late-game fire they had for the last 3 months, they had dug too deep a hole, and a 4-2 loss began the long off-season.
He made his first team debut on the 16th, starting in a 2–3 away loss against Coruxo FC in the Segunda División B championship.
Chronic overdosage of elagolix may result in greater suppression of estradiol levels and a consequent increased risk of bone loss with long-term therapy.
Haapoja suffered his sixth professional loss on 31 January 2015, when he was stopped in two rounds by Serhiy Demchenko.
He had two top-10 finishes in major championships: a tie for seventh in the 1912 U.S. Open and a quarterfinal loss (tie for fifth) in the inaugural 1916 PGA Championship.
An attempt by the ousted legislators and Governor Charles Foster (no relation to Stephen) to tax and regulate alcohol sales resulted in the loss of support of temperance supporters.
Mexican passenger ship La Flecha sinks off Veracruz with the loss of 30 lives.
Conti made his debut in Serie A on 6 January 2016, in a 2–1 loss against the same opponent.
Although the new steam turbine technology was not found to be at fault in either disaster, the Royal Navy court-martial that tried the case against the survivors concluded that "the loss of the ship was due to structural weakness, and expressed regret that she was ever purchased for His Majesty's Fleet."
Narrowest loss margins (by balls remaining)
During a Week 11 29-3 loss to the Atlanta Falcons, McCaffrey finished with 121 receiving yards and 70 rushing yards; his 191 yards from scrimmage was again more than the rest of team's combined 156.
Following a devastating loss, Nadine (Dree Hemingway) and Lewis (Keith Stanfield) retreat to a small Bahamian island where Nadine's family has kept a house for many years.
The western falanouc is likely susceptible to hunting pressures, and habitat loss through logging, forest fires and charcoal production.
With the loss of the lucrative Montreal Forum, McMahon followed up by luring away Lutte's top stars.
He made seven first-class appearances for the university in 1947, including winning a last-gasp Blue when he played in the season-ending varsity match at Lord's following a loss of form from Australian Jika Travers, with Henley-Welch hitting a rapid half century in the match.
Despite the loss he continued to work hard for the people of his district and was always popular due to his hard work and honest nature.
He made his debut on 4 October, appearing as a substitute in a 3–1 loss to AZ Alkmaar.
With the loss, Buffalo ended the season 7–9.
Greatest loss margins (by balls remaining)
According to Cutch accounts their total loss was not less than a hundred thousand slain.
In Week 8, King recorded four solo tackles and made his first career sack on Tom Brady during a 21–13 loss at the New England Patriots.
Most of the battery initially fought as infantrymen due to the loss of their howitzers.
She died of blood loss due to the neglect of her sisters who refused to help them.
About its loss in international standing, the consequence of domestic and foreign policies of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the Turkish government is contemptuous.
Allen punched teammate Daron Payne on the sideline during a blowout Monday Night Football loss to the Cowboys in Week 16.
On July 10, 1932, the Cleveland Indians would get 32 hits in 18 innings, in an 18–17 loss to the Philadelphia Athletics.
On September 10, 2017, Mixon made his NFL debut in a 20–0 loss to the Baltimore Ravens.
Anyone who touches her ribbon, that acts like rabbit ears/antennas, will cause her to rapidly become pregnant and soon give birth, which will result in the loss of her powers, although the baby will disappear after a while if not given birth to.
In 1721, Nawab Kesar Khan again attacked Kutch and he was defeated with heavy loss.
Roughly  of crops were affected across Colima, Jalisco, Michoacán, and Nayarit, with  deemed a total loss and  partially damaged.
Abrazo Scottsdale Campus offers orthopedic services, sports medicines, rehabilitation services, diagnostic imaging, surgical weight loss procedures, women's health services, da Vinci Surgical System, and 24-hour emergency care.
The decline was aggravated by the collapse of the Spanish cities in the south following the battle of Curalaba (1598) which meant for the Spaniards the loss of both the main gold districts and the largest indigenous labour sources.
The coaster was torpedoed and sunk in the English Channel  northwest by west of Cap d'Antifer, Seine-Maritime, France () on 7 April 1918 by the Imperial German Navy submarine  with the loss of four of her crew.
He also posted a then-school record 9 receptions in the 13–27 loss to Tulane.
The election loss led Corbyn to call a leadership election, coupled with the deputy leadership election, with the results of both elections announced in April 2020.
During Week 16 against the New Orleans, he caught five passes for 69 yards and two touchdowns during the 38–28 loss.
The following weekend, Hekari claimed the Minor Premiership after a win against Lae FC combined with Morobe's 1–0 loss against Oro, giving them an unassailable lead with two fixtures to play.
On January 10, 2021, the Wizards announced that Bryant had suffered a partially torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee during a 124–128 loss to Miami Heat a day before.
Absolute was listed in the Gartner Inc. Magic Quadrant for client management tools from 2012 to 2014, and was positioned in the Niche quadrants of the Magic Quadrant for Mobile Device Management Software and the Magic Quadrant for Content-Aware Data Loss Prevention in 2013.
However, seven turnovers in the game led to the Volunteers' first loss of the season as Texas A&M won, 45-38, in double overtime.
He lost the fight via split decision, marking the first loss in Breese's career.
November 6: Defensive tackle Derek Wolfe suffered a hairline fracture in his elbow during the team's Week 9 loss to the Oakland Raiders, and missed the team's Week 10 win over the New Orleans Saints.
The loss ended the Raiders six-game win streak and gave the Chiefs the lead in the division with a 2–0 record over the Raiders.
With their third straight loss to the Raiders, the Chargers fell to 1-4.
On the next play, Palmer attempted a screen pass to Andre Ellington, for a four-yard loss, but on 3rd-and-23 at the Patriots 47, Palmer threw a clutch 18-yard pass to Brown to the Patriots' 29-yard line, setting up a game-winning 47-yard field-goal attempt by placekicker Chandler Catanzaro with 36 seconds left.
The characters are all wearing watches that inject them with a drug every 90 minutes, inducing memory loss.
With the loss, the Jets fell to 3-6 and lost at Miami for the first time since 2011.
The Bears dropped to 1–5, their worst start since 2004, and their 16th home loss in the last 20 games.
This would later be surpassed with the 27-0 halftime deficit the Packers would face in the 2019 NFC Championship, which resulted in a 37-20 loss to the San Francisco 49ers.
With the loss, the Falcons dropped to 4–2.
With the loss, the Buccaneers move to 8–6 on the season.
He made his professional debut on 22 August, coming on as a second-half substitute for Aldo Adorno in a 3–5 away loss against AC Omonia.
After a dismal loss to the Redskins in which Joe Flacco and the offense were completely shut out in the second half, the Ravens Fired Offensive Coordinator Marc Trestman.
In May 2017, Bloomberg reported that Oscar's first quarter loss had narrowed by nearly half, writing that the company was "beginning to get a handle on its medical costs."
With the loss, the Browns failed to have a winning record for the ninth consecutive season.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 4–2.
McGee feels the loss very deeply.
 USMC R4Q NROTC crash: the greatest recorded loss of United States midshipmen in a single event results from an aircraft crash near NAS Whiting Field, killing 43 including 38 midshipmen.
The Cowboys originally had only five picks as a results of trades with the Raiders, 49ers and Seahawks, but were awarded four compensatory picks on March 11 as a result of the net loss of players in free agency before the 2015 season.
This loss dropped the Browns to 0–12.
After a disappointing loss in the final week to the New York Giants, the Redskins were eliminated from playoff contention.
Savage struggled in the first half against the Bengals' stout defense, being sacked on two back-to-back plays in the first quarter for a huge loss.
With the loss, the 49ers were mathematically eliminated from postseason contention for the third consecutive season.
She shows signs of short-term memory loss, but dismisses these and other symptoms.
He scored his first professional goal on 2 April, netting his team's only in a 1–2 away loss against Elche CF.
He made his league debut for the club on 19 May 2018 in a 3-1 away loss to Luftëtari Gjirokastër.
Brown appeared in his first game with the Windsor Spitfires on September 28, 2014, scoring a goal against Justin Nichols of the Guelph Storm in a 2–1 loss.
Gambit dominated Group A with 5 wins and only 1 loss to Ascension Gaming.
Six days later, he was acquired by the Canton Charge making his debut two days later in a 127–121 loss to the Grand Rapids Drive, recording 10 points, nine rebounds, one steal and two blocks in 25 minutes off the bench.
Entering in the third quarter, Stidham also struggled during the eventual 38–9 loss.
After the loss of her mother, she cares for her bedridden father.
After its failed second attempt in promotion to professional football and the loss of its sponsor the club quickly declined, finishing ninth in 1985–86 and being relegated from the Oberliga the season after, finishing sixteenth.
Lastly, the sound Ottoman defeat at Sisak in 1593 triggered the beginning of loss of faith by these Vlachs, (both genuine Vlachs and Serbs) in those who until then had been their masters, and propitiated the passing of the Vlachs and the Serbs over to the Habsburg side (see Uprising in Banat).
In his playoff debut, he had four receptions for 63 receiving yards in the 38–13 Wild Card Round loss to the Green Bay Packers.
Mannat is seen smiling and is telling herself that whatever loss she had gone through just to see this day (wajih being hanged) were tests of Allah and if she would've kept quiet like everyone else,she would've lost dignity for herself in her eyes, and is satisfied supporting the oppressed!
BAR purchased the first EMD GP38s to replace its least satisfactory first-generation diesels prior to loss of the potato shipping business.
She is attempting to determine if T cell loss causes change in the bacteria levels, thus prompting chronic inflammation for people living with HIV.
After the loss of Shuangyu, the smugglers scattered along the coast of Zhejiang and Fujian to find good hideouts to trade.
Faults on the low-voltage network are handled by fuses or local circuit breakers, resulting in loss of service only for the affected loads.
On September 20, against East Carolina, he threw a 35-yard touchdown pass to T. J. Thorpe in the 70–41 loss.
In the second round match against Akita Prefecture's Noshiro Shoyo High School, Matsumoto threw nine strikeouts and allowed only one earned run, but his team was unable to score in the 0–2 loss.
As a sophomore, he appeared in 12 games (seven starts), collecting 39 tackles, 28 solo tackles, 1.5 tackles for loss, two interceptions and six passes defensed.
However, they allowed another four runs in the eighth inning, exiting the first round of the tournament in a 4-8 loss.
He chose to represent his native country, and made his full international debut for Equatorial Guinea on 12 November 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–2 loss against Morocco.
In Week 1 against the Pittsburgh Steelers on Monday Night Football, Barkley rushed 15 times for six rushing yards and caught six passes for 60 receiving yards during the 26–16 loss.
Nidio made his senior international debut in an 8-0 loss against United Arab Emirates national football team in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification on 12 November 2015.
Burning of grasslands and agricultural activities can cause habitat loss outside the park but are not believed to cause population declines.
Adams was threatened with the loss of his position in the Schools Service as a result of the so-called Law for the Restoration of the Professional Civil Service, passed in April 1933.
Barbosa played his first match in the Portuguese top flight on 13 August 2018, coming on as a 73rd-minute substitute for Felipe Macedo in a 0–2 home loss to Boavista FC.
Sometimes excess moisture loss during the cooling process will deteriorate the product quality and therefore there is a limit to the cooling process.
In the summer of 2008, international real estate and financial markets were rattled by loss of investor confidence and funding shortfalls.
Greatest loss margins (by innings)
The estimated production loss cost of BMW was about  and Ford's was about .
| 2016-12-11 || Loss ||align=left| Dave Leduc || 2016 Air KBZ Aung Lan Championship || Yangon, Myanmar || TKO (Forfeit) || 3 || 2:34
The move was considered a shock by most, but post-game comments by Scott Milanovich in Montreal on October 2, 2016 following a loss to the Als revealed the move which was about to take place was about more than just on-field issues.
He made his debut for the Kings the following day, recording six points and a team-high eight rebounds in 18½ minutes off the bench in an 87–75 loss to the Illawarra Hawks.
Salhi made his debut for the senior Algeria national football team in a 1-0 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Zambia on 5 September 2017.
Evans made his first career CFL start on November 3, 2018, throwing for 315 yards in a 30–28 loss against the Montreal Alouettes.
Fox made his NBA debut for the Kings in their season opener on October 18, 2017, against the Houston Rockets, where he scored 14 points, 4 rebounds, and 5 assist in 24-plus minutes in a 105–100 loss.
Guatemalan youth see the allure of moving to various other areas as economic incentives but the threats of violence and deportation as well as loss of social capital dissuade many youth from migrating.
It was considered symbolic of the loss of power in the Norse society where power and status were important as well as an outward signifier of the physical and social power that the dominator wielded over the dominated.
Peñaranda scored his first goal as a senior on 23 February 2014, netting his team's only goal in a 1–4 loss at Caracas FC.
As the people mourn the loss of Kira, Soichiro and Sayu find the bodies in the warehouse and are left without knowing what really happened to Light.
In his fifth start, a 17–11 loss to Michigan State, Brown drew the ire of Michigan fans when he threw a school record seven interceptions.
Pittsburgh went on to win the cup in the first edition of the tournament with a head-to-head record of three wins and one loss.
Henry eventually married younger sister Maria, who died shortly after the death of her husband from the grief of his loss.
Significant games included victories over Penn State (20–0), Navy (16–0), Lafayette (8–6 and 10–4), and Princeton (6–4), and its sole loss to undefeated national champion Yale (28–0).
From now on, limited personal loss is seen as a gain if the damage to the opponent is greater.
In their second season under head coach Noble Kizer, the Boilermakers compiled a 9–1 record (5–1 against Big Ten opponents), shut out six of ten opponents, suffered its sole loss to Wisconsin, tied with Michigan for the Big Ten championship, and outscored opponents by a combined total of 192 to 39.
With the loss, Goto set a new record for failing to win the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in eight consecutive title shots.
The loss was followed by blowout defeats by Penn and Princeton, with Dartmouth losing by combined score of 64–0.
Villanova began the season 13–3, before a January 1985 loss at Maryland.
Laurence V. Britt, SJ, noted that the football program had not made a profit since 1951, had operated at a deficit for years, and had lost $65,000 in 1964 – a figure critics said was a bookkeeping device attempting to estimate the loss of tuition from players receiving football scholarships.
He made his debut for the national team on August 31, 2015 in a 3–0 loss against the Cook Islands.
In the next game against the Panthers in London, he caught ten passes for 151 yards in the 37–26 loss.
When Romero was 19, he played with the Cuba national basketball team at the 2012 Centrobasket, playing in an 81–61 loss against Bahamas.
The cost to the EIC of the loss of her cargo was £70,000.
The Horned Frogs' double overtime defeat snapped their 14-game home winning streak; their last loss at home came on November 30, 2013 to #9 Baylor.
In Week 11 against the Tennessee Titans, Ngakoue recorded his first sack as a Raven on Ryan Tannehill during the 30–24 overtime loss.
In Week 16 against the Chicago Bears, Schobert recorded a sack on Mitchell Trubisky and also intercepted a pass thrown by Trubisky during the 41–17 loss.
Italy began their campaign with Prandelli with a 1–0 loss to the Ivory Coast in a friendly match.
His first match in La Liga took place on 12 March 2016, when he came on as a second-half substitute for Álex Bergantiños in a 3–0 away loss to Atlético Madrid.
He made his career league debut for Příbram on 30 August 2014 in a 3–2 loss at home to Bohemians 1905 in the Czech First League.
On February 27, 1861, the New Jersey Locomotive Works gave notice of foreclosure on the two locomotives; Cornelius Vanderbilt interceded again and on September 4, 1861, the SIRR was placed into receivership with William Vanderbilt to prevent the loss of the locomotives and rolling stock to creditors.
Events such as the Black Saturday bushfires, the Christchurch earthquakes, Cyclone Yasi and the extensive flooding that blanketed Australia resulted in the tragic loss of both life and property.
After starting out as a senior with the former's reserves in Tercera División, he made his first-team debut on 11 November 2012, coming on as a late substitute in a 1–0 Segunda División B away loss against Albacete Balompié.
Following the public company's 1950 report on earnings, registering a loss, no further reports were issued.
In Week 6 of the 2019 season against the Minnesota Vikings, Elliott attempted a pass on a fake field goal attempt that was intercepted by Everson Griffen in the 38-20 loss.
Schroeder was part of a long standing legacy of Belkans who wanted revenge for the loss of their country and did this by forcing the nations that defeated them into needless conflicts, using his own drone program and Mihaly's combat data to create a force capable of crushing Osea.
She was swept by heavy seas and filled, sinking by the stern with the loss of all passengers and crew.
However, Garoppolo tore his ACL during a 38–27 Week 3 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, making Beathard the starter.
Also in the field of statistics, he created the concept of proportional reduction in loss, a general framework for developing and evaluating measures of the reliability of particular ways of making observations which are possibly subject to errors of all types.
Following the 1870 war, sentimental songs and songs calling for revenge against Germany for the loss of Alsace and Lorraine were the staple of all musical cafes.
It was the largest loss to the Communists since the 1927 massacre.
She eventually had her son, Gregory, from the rescued egg and she is mentioned in the concluding book, by the same Gregory, though she was weak and ill because of the world's loss of magic.
After most of the major news organizations declared Biden the President-elect on November 7, Trump refused to accept his loss, declaring "this election is far from over" and alleging election fraud without providing evidence.
He labored among the Hindus until compelled by loss of voice to return to America, reaching Boston in March 1853.
Biagini did not yield a home run until September 3, when Kevin Kiermaier of the Tampa Bay Rays hit a two-run shot in a 7–5 loss for the Blue Jays.
On October 16, 2016, he earned his first career start and recorded a season-high seven combined tackles and two pass deflections during a 20–27 loss to the Washington Redskins.
In the Pac-12 Championship Game that year, he missed a 52-yard field goal with 30 seconds remaining in a 27–24 loss to Stanford.
The largest attendance of the tour came during the Kangaroos 6-12 loss to Wigan in front of 22,770 fans at Central Park on 13 October.
The following game was the low point of the season, a 21–0 loss to Harvard.
Following a 6–10 loss to Mark Joyce in qualifying for the 2007 World Snooker Championship, Shehab finished the season ranked 90th, and was relegated once more from the tour.
Recumbent animals may display tetanic spasms and may die through misadventure, dehydration, starvation, loss of rumen function or predation.
He made his league debut for the club on 16 January 2016 in a 3–2 loss to Walsall.
In the opening match of 2018 season, defending champions Zalmi suffered a loss against new entrants Multan Sultans by 7 wickets.
Greatest loss margins (by 10 wickets)
The loss to the Harvard School was only the fourth game played by a Northwestern football team, one game having been played in 1876 and two games having been played six years later in 1882.
He made his debut for United on November 4, missing his only three-point attempt in just under three minutes off the bench in a 98–92 loss to the New Zealand Breakers.
After Ragin was forced to abandon his living quarters in the hospital, Daryushka covered for him when he could not pay the landlady due to loss of employment.
Shahaf also played a single match for the U-19 national team in 2007, in a 1–5 loss to Italy.
Wawrinka then played in the Open 13, he was received an upset loss in the quarterfinals to Benoît Paire.
Following TI5, the team underwent heavy drama between Kuro 'KuroKy' S. Takhasomi and Artour 'Arteezy' Babaev, which started with Arteezy indirectly blaming the loss at The International on KuroKy while streaming on Twitch and KuroKy responding and flaming Arteezy in German forums.
Accordingly, it "follows that for Depfa to be entitled to recovery against Wikborg Rein, it is necessary for it to establish that loss has been suffered by reason of the invalidity of the transaction, as distinct from the enforcement and credit risks already discussed."
The great loss grieved the old Chief so much that he died of a broken heart.”
2 The wildcard entry will earn 80 points per win and 0 points per loss in the round robin.
A high average solid to gas ratio may be reached due to the loss of gas or by the concentration of solids.
Counts bemoaned the fact that established designs had creates  a loss of creativity in traditional quilts.
The lopsided game was Illinois' first loss under new head coach Mike White.
In the following 2015–16 season, Sheary was recalled from the AHL to the Pittsburgh Penguins on December 15, 2015 and made his NHL debut on December 16, 2015 in a 3–0 loss against the Boston Bruins.
Purperhart made his debut for the Suriname national team on 10 June 1966 at the Coupe Duvalier tournament against Trinidad and Tobago in a 3–2 loss at the Sylvio Cator Stadium in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
During World War I, Priarial collided with the British steamer  in the English Channel off Le Havre, France, and sank with the loss of 19 of her 26 crew.
Tyler O'Connor was sacked on the first play by Tyquan Lewis for a loss of ten yards, the following play, Gareon Conley intercepted O'Connor's pass to seal the Buckeyes' 17–16 victory.
Upon Kerr's passing, the Khalifa of Rabat expressed the community's deep sense of loss of "[their] precious doctor."
The ball had been moved from BYU's 20 to Arizona's 16, but the loss of the timeout forced Oldroyd to kick from the left hash instead of dead center.
The powdery blue hue of the beetles is due to a wax coating on their bodies that prevents loss of moisture.
Despite the loss of this important base, the Fatimid navy remained active off the Levant coast in the following years: the harbour of Tyre was successfully raided in 1155/6, and in the next year, the Egyptian fleet appeared before Acre and Beirut.
Their only loss was to the Illinois Illini, led by All-American halfback Red Grange, by the score of 24 to 2.
He made his debut in 1957, in a 2–1 loss to the Netherlands Antilles, in the CONCACAF leg of the 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign.
In its fourth season under head coach Jock Sutherland, the team compiled an 8–1–1 record, shut out seven of its ten opponents, suffered it sole loss to Stanford by a 7–6 score in the 1928 Rose Bowl, and outscored all opponents by a total of 285 to 27.
After the loss of Sevastopol in September 1855, the Russian Army anticipated that the coalition could move the troops freed from the Black Sea to the Baltic Sea for an offensive against Saint Petersburg, so the Finnish battalion was called home.
He made his debut for the Pirates on July 1, scoring 22 points in a 90–87 loss to the Rockhampton Rockets.
A strong current, however, swept Worden onto a pinnacle that tore into a hull beneath the engine room and caused a complete loss of power.
Beginning in 1974, together with colleagues in the department, he discovered the existence of a fundamental loss mechanism for electromagnetic waves in perfect crystals, dielectrics, thereby creating dielectric microwave resonators in sapphire with Q > 109.
Their first home game was a 4–2 loss to the Wichita Wingnuts on May 16.
The lander continued transmitting for 19 seconds after the thrusters cut off; the loss of signal occurred 50 seconds before it was supposed to land.
Two runs by Montgomery resulted in a net loss of 3 yards and an incompletion subsequently forced Crosby to try a franchise record 56-yard field goal with 1:38 left.
The loss of Nu9ve programming and declining advertising revenues resulted in the station closing its local news operation and laying off 100 of its 110 staff.
He made his first appearance as newly appointed manager on 18 December 1948 in a 4–3 loss to Martinique.
Argumedo later avenged the loss to Novoa, beating him by majority decision on January 21, 2011, improving his record to 2–1.
He made his professional debut in December 1988 with a second-round knockout of Miguel Matthews, and won 16 of his first 17 fights, including a win over Mark Johnson, the only loss to Floyd Churchill in September 1992.
1 overwhelmed her young Russian opponent, for the loss of two games, in 44 minutes to reach the second week of the tournament.
The Golden Knights suffered a rash of injuries through the first few games of the season, and Patrick was sidelined with an upper body injury on October 22, following his first goal of the season in a loss to the Edmonton Oilers.
The Wake Forest loss was only the fifth time a game went into triple overtime in program history.
When Grant was fired following the Tide's 2015 SEC Tournament loss, Brannen was named interim head coach for the team's NIT appearance.
The only other first round loss was to Steve Darcis at the 2013 Wimbledon Championships.
In July 2020, Lipa supported a campaign called "Let the Music Play" in which she signed an open letter sent to the then-Culture Secretary, Oliver Dowden, calling for support from the government of United Kingdom for the UK's live music industry's economic loss under the COVID-19 pandemic.
Despite the loss, Murray recorded his best winning streak of his career, extending to 22 straight matches following his semifinal victory over Raonic.
On 23 September he scored the first professional goals of his career, coming off the bench to net a brace in a 4–2 loss to Sporting CP.
The liberal conservative German magazine Cicero, in more guarded terms, blamed the migrants by suggesting "the government's loss of control" on who enters Germany had caused these New Year's Eve's sexual assaults.
A claim for damages in lieu of the loss of the Albatross was heard at the Admiralty Court in February 1895, the case being heard by Mr Justice Bruce and two Elder Brethren of Trinity House.The Mona's Herald.
Jerry is confronted with the loss of his family, while Beth begins to discover her independence again.
He made his professional debut for Siah Jamegan on October 31, 2015 in 2-1 loss against Saipa as a substitute for Renan Silva.
In the course of these struggles, the 12th-century forgery was created, seemingly to compensate for the loss of the original charter.
Ben Bruce, on Danny's gradual loss of interest in performing with the band, stated that his departure was "inevitable" and "needed to happen for… I wanna say a few months, but it’s probably more like a few years."
With the invasions on April 9, 1940, the First and Second companies were sent to Denmark while the Third company was sent to Norway aboard the transport ships Urundi and Antaris H. On April 10, 1940 Antaris H was sunk by the Royal Navy submarine  with the loss of 15 tanks and crew.
In "I Shall Have a Flight to Glory" by Michael P. Kube-McDowell, also contained in the anthology Alternate Presidents edited by Mike Resnick, Samuel Tilden, still bruised by his loss to Hayes in 1876, adopted similar tactics against his Republican opponent James A. Garfield to defeat him in the 1880 election.
Walsh made his Bristol City debut, coming on as a second–half substitute in the 72nd minutes, in a 2–1 loss against Manchester City in the Semi-final first leg of the EFL Cup.
He played his last match on 21 February against NEROCA in their 3–2 loss.
Wulterkens joined Groene Ster in 2011 and made his first team debut in the 4-2 loss at VV Staphorst.
Writing for The Hollywood Reporter, David Rooney called the film "quite extraordinary ... an ultra-naturalistic slice of rocky adolescent life that combines violence and sensuality, wrenching loss and tender discovery."
Jackson sacked Seahawks’ quarterback Russell Wilson for a two-yard loss during the second quarter.
It will also add to knowledge about Mars atmospheric hydrogen and oxygen loss and other possible reasons behind the planet's drastic climate changes.
An elements of 71st division comprising an 34th anti-aircraft battalion and the battalion from 71st mountain artillery regiment, were further detached and sailed from Kaohsiung 3 December 1944, only to be sunk by USS Segundo (SS-398) submarine 6 December 1944 with the nearly total loss of life.
He made his debut for the Hungary national football team on 2 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against England, a 0–4 home loss.
The Raiders' fortunes declined after the loss to the Patriots in the 1985 playoffs.
He played in the 1969 VFA Second Division premiership victory in 1969 over Sunshine and was in the losing 1968 Second Division loss to Geelong West.
Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 2005 after Terry Deshler, Department of Atmospheric Science, University of Wyoming; United States Antarctic Program investigations addressing quantitative ozone loss and related research for 13 field seasons, from 1990 to 2004.
Loss of regional status
The fight went the full twelve-round distance, with Selby winning a clear UD to hand Walsh his first loss.
Loss to the owners of the Clinton, Capt.
Forced to sit out Days 7 to 10 due to the injury, he returned on Day 11 and defeated Hakuhō, handing the yokozuna his first loss of the tournament.
Three days later, Emini scored the winner against Luftëtari Gjirokastër in the last match of the first phrase of the league helping Kukësi to remain the only team without a loss.
Since then, only modest alterations have taken place, including the addition or loss of outbuildings, changes in siding materials, and minor alterations to building exteriors.
Oregon was a total loss.
While the overall industry sector had a prevalence of hearing loss lower than the overall prevalence of noise-exposed industries (15% v. 19%), workers within forestry and logging exceeded 21%.
Immediately a first-choice, Tesillo scored his first goal on 21 February 2016, but in a 1–2 away loss against Envigado.
He made his debut for the side on 27 September 2020 in a 1–0 loss to Verona.
In the season finale, he recorded 27 points and 18 rebounds in a 144–137 quadruple overtime loss to the Otago Nuggets.
All of them were killed by Gomora, but despite the loss, Kate however had not been killed as well.
Gobitaka made his professional debut for the Togo U23s in a 5–0 friendly loss to the Ivory Coast U23s on 37 March 2018.
Al-Mayouf also started the 2010 Saudi Crown Prince Cup Final loss against Al-Hilal.
He recorded 13 tackles, including one tackle for a loss.
round knockout), Marquez and Marrero battled again, on Saturday, September 18, 1976, when Marquez avenged his previous loss to Marrero, winning by ten round decision.
Masciarelli described Akshar as a "predator" who "'interjected himself into [her] life in a way that...was not professional as a captain in the Broome County Sheriff's Office'" and took advantage of her grief over the loss of her son.
However, when World War I broke out in 1914, this route of extraction had to be closed down, resulting in a loss of revenue to the exchequer.
As it was, D.C. closed the season with yet another defeat—the third consecutive loss, and finished even on points with the L.A. Galaxy in the league cellar.
The match ended in a 1-0 loss.
The game also marked the first time that Buckeyes head coach Urban Meyer was shut out in his career, in about 193 games, and his second major loss to Dabo Swinney in the past four seasons.
He made his debut on 14 August 2016 in a 4–1 loss away to Al-Ahli.
He scored his first goal for the reserve team on 15 August 2014 in a 1–3 home loss to 1.
On the March 23, 2016, episode of NXT, after he suffered a loss to Johnny Gargano, Samson would attack him only to be fended off by Apollo Crews.
On his second appearance, he scored his first goal for the country, equalising in a 2–1 loss to Curaçao.
On November 14, he made his professional debut in a 112–101 loss to the Idaho Stampede, recording two points, three rebounds, one assist and three blocks in 17 minutes.
Czech Social Democratic Party has won previous election while its main rival Civic Democratic Party saw large loss o support finishing third.
The team finished last in Group A's preliminary round after losing all three of their games, which included their largest loss on record after Kazakhstan defeated them 15–0.
Nakagawa's "Kai, Following the Cycle of Life" and "Ma, Between the Past" series focus on themes of family, memory, intergenerational connection and change, and loss.
Russian authorities admitted the loss of Sevastopol but claimed that its capture had cost the Germans 300,000 casualties.
Lib Dem councilor Nick Tregoning stood unsuccessfully as an Independent, leading to the loss of one seat to Labour who increased their vote significantly compared to 2008.
Her research is especially focused on compounds that could be used to treat malaria, wounds, memory loss, leprosy and cancer.
[...] if Visite  concerns the irremediabile loss of the only loved son, Commedianti would look as a book of euphoric and utopica youthness, filled with uncompleted novels and never published books, uncompleted as it is life itself.
 6 October – while carrying timber from Quebec to Liverpool the barque Oriental () was found bottom up off Land's End with the loss of fifteen lives.
Destruction of the core leads to immediate loss of biological activity.
In 2015 the bank incurred a loss of 1589.3 million taka.
Her death was speculated to be caused by her immense amount of weight loss.
His loss attributed to his support of a state commerce tax that was proposed and signed into law by Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval.
On 23 January, his ships were caught in a squall off the east end of Long Island which resulted in the loss of one 74-gun third-rate ship, , and the dismasting of another, .
Worse, with the loss of  which had to be abandoned by its crew after being damaged, the base also lost its first submarine.
After the resignation of Gabi Burgstaller as a result of the Landtagswahl in Salzburg 2013, in which the SPÖ suffered a great loss, he took his position as chairman of SPÖ Salzburg.
Having not played for Oranje for almost a year, Dumfries made his first appearances for Netherlands against Italy on 7 September 2020, coming on as a 70th-minute substitute, in a 1–0 loss.
At first they struggle to contain their feelings of loss, but Wes's new French teacher, Carine Roussel, stirs both toward slow change: Wes, through a homework partnership with Lacy, who's fighting depression over her parents' bitter marital collapse; and, Bill, through an unexpected liaison with Carine.
You know, it's love and loss."
Geng is stabbed and dumped in the countryside of Tianjin, but instead of seeking medical aid, he chooses to walk back into Tianjin, whereupon he dies of blood loss.
Bissouma made his debut for the Sussex club on the opening day of the 2018–19 Premier League season in a 2–0 away loss to Watford where he came on as a substitute.
Second-year coach Ira "Rat" Rodgers had his team 5–1 on the season with the lone loss to Missouri 27 to 0 at Morgantown.
591 passengers and crew were transferred from one of the largest passenger ships of the day to a tiny merchant vessel, during a storm, without a single loss of life.
Felder scored 37 points with nine assists against Michigan State in a 99–93 overtime loss at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
Only in the final week would the Spirit's loss at Chicago Red Stars finalize them as league runners-up.
The Flyers lost the second Eastern Conference round to the New York Islanders, with Hart taking the 4–0 game-seven loss to end the series on September 3, 2020.
Teams received three points for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a loss.
In developing countries, the predominant method of detecting children with hearing loss is through parental suspicion due to the child’s inappropriate response, or lack of response, to sound and occurs at a mean age of 22 months (Gopal et al., 2001; Mukari et al, 1999; Olusanya et al., 2005).
The World Health Organization (WHO) criterion for "priority for hearing aids" in children is an average hearing loss in the 31 to 80 dB HL range in the better ear (WHO, 2004).
& Bouchet P. (2010) Loss of planktotrophy and speciation: geographical fragmentation in the deep-water gastropod genus Bathytoma (Gastropoda, Conoidea) in the western Pacific.
Six days later, Ayton recorded a double-double of 17 points and a season-high 18 rebounds in a 107–98 loss to the Toronto Raptors.
He made his NBA debut the following day, scoring 19 points with four 3-pointers in a 105–99 loss to the Houston Rockets.
In January 2014, Kreis and the Adler organization parted company by mutual consent after a 0-5 loss to Wolfsburg.
The Leith community was devastated by the tragic loss of many of its young men on their way to fight in the First World War.
After that upset, the Swedish media held their players responsible for the loss, even going as far to publish their NHL salaries.
King’s performance also gained national recognition by ranking 8th in FCS in tackles for loss per game with an average of 1.5 and 16th in sacks with an average of 0.79 per game.
The origin of aerobic fermentation, or the first step, in Saccharomyces Crabtree-positive yeasts likely occurred in the interval between the ability to grow under anaerobic conditions, horizontal transfer of anaerobic DHODase (encoded by URA1 with bacteria), and the loss of respiratory chain Complex I.
On October 23, 2019, Hachimura made his NBA debut, posting a double-double (14 points, 10 rebounds) as a starter in a 100–108 loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
The electroretinogram (ERG), can demonstrate the loss of cone function with retained rod function.
They also became the first two loss team to ever play in the BCS national championship.
The Jats viewed their loss of political power as disenfranchisement.
He made his debut on 19 August, as a 75th minute substitution for Thomas Agyepong in a 2–1 loss to Maastricht.
Brisbane kicked 8.5–0.3 in the last quarter, the final margin being 117 points, Brisbane's biggest ever win over Carlton, bettering their 103-point loss to Carlton in Round 10, 1987.
Since amplification of single photon quantum states is not possible (no-cloning theorem), loss is the top priority in components in quantum photonics.
Smith & Thell write highly emotive songs that are based on real experience and deal with the topics of passion and euphoria, love and hope, and loss and pain.
Stuck between an overbearing emperor and her childhood lover, Linlang is at a loss.
Challenges underlying plasmid recombination and loss of protospacer sequences also impact the no-SCAR method and require further improvements.
A month after his election loss, he accepted appointment as vice-consul to Prague, in Austria-Hungary, under U.S. consul-general Charles Jonas.
Such a goal change might relate to negative effects on children's perception such as lower self-esteem and achievement loss.
During a Week 1 27-20 road loss to the Miami Dolphins, Correa registered his first sack as a Titan.
In neither case did it cause any loss of freedom of action for Milo.
Like other loss reserving techniques, the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method aims to estimate incurred but not reported insurance claim amounts.
His last appearance came on 1 January 2020 against Burton Albion and set up the club's third goal of the game, in a 4–3 loss.
 Visual symptoms including loss of vision or double vision
He went on to spend five seasons in La Liga with the former club, making his debut on 2 September 1973 in a 1–2 away loss against RC Celta de Vigo.
In Week 15, he collected a season-high five combined tackles during a 34–7 loss at the Minnesota Vikings.
The RAF suffered its worst loss of the war in a raid on Nuremberg.
On 8 July 2015, Nikorima represented the Queensland Under-20s team, playing at five-eighth in the 32-16 loss to the New South Wales under-20s team at Suncorp Stadium.
Bragg coped with her partial but incurable hearing loss by learning to lip read and developing an exceptional memory.
Specific production numbers to compensate for habitat loss were decided during the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act Report led by the United States Bureau of Reclamation and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife on August 14, 1946.
Three points are awarded for a win, one for a draw and zero for a loss.
In addition, exposure to silica over a period of time can cause loss of appetite, poor oxygen circulation, breathing complications and fever.
Wright reveals that his hatred for war stems from the loss of his son to German forces during World War Two.
It is impacted by the use of insecticides, the loss of the native flora in the region, drought, and invasive species such as the common eastern bumblebee (Bombus impatiens).
On August 19, DeJong hit his 20th home run, off Juan Nicasio, becoming the fourth Cardinals rookie to do so, in a 6−4 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates.
These soils have been largely altered and impoverished by erosion and landslides, leading to the loss of much of its organic materials.
In her collection of five works for the exhibition, Mehra explores racism, loss and identity.
Companies or firms irrespective of whether you have income or loss during the financial year.
Its weight loss rate at 100 °C is slower than that of ammonium nitrate.
In Week 4 against the Seattle Seahawks, Howard recorded his second interception of the season off a pass thrown by Russell Wilson during the 31–23 loss.
He made his Union debut on 6 March 2016, as an 83rd-minute substitute during a 2–0 loss against FC Dallas.
In the first game of the 2018-19 season, Jok had a double-double with 19 points on 7-of-13 shooting, 10 rebounds and two assists in a 118-108 loss to the Santa Cruz Warriors.
In his junior season, Schlachter started all 12 games as part of an offensive line that blocked for Ball State all-time leading rusher Jahwan Edwards, an offensive line that ranked in the nation's top-20 in fewest sacks allowed and fewest tackles for loss allowed.
Initially stretched over entire East Mindanao north of Davao City area, the 30th division did not actively contested the loss of Zamboanga City 10 March 1945 and subsequent US push eastward, ultimately resulting in the isolation of the 100th division in Davao City on the south flank of the 30th division.
Although South Australia was beginning to feel the effects of the depression evident in all states, much of the loss of revenue in the state was blamed on the railways.
He develops a passion for Iolanda, but to oblige his mother, Encarnação, who still grieves the loss of her oldest son who died in waters of the São Francisco River, Afrânio leaves on a trip for the region to reaffirm alliances that his father kept.
For example, in the kidney, integrins are now known to be critical in maintaining the kidney filtration barrier thus preventing loss of blood and proteins in the urine, and also mediate the respiratory distress observed in kidney failure patients when hemodialyzed using cuprophane membranes.
Mayo began their 2017 Division 1 league campaign on 29 January with a round 1 loss to Galway, 1-10 to 2-08, at Swinford Amenity Park.
TV Fanatic's roundtable unanimously admitted that while the loss of the baby was sad, they did not care for the character.
He, with another man, displayed great courage and initiative in retaking a trench and inflicted considerable loss on the enemy.
He recorded a then career-high 20 points during a 117–112 loss to the Golden State Warriors on 25 October 2017.
As a result, an opening round loss of Cuba to Puerto Rico was changed to a forfeit victory for the Cubans, leaving them with a 10–1 record and the gold medal.
He scored his 2,000th career point in his final college game, a first round National Invitation Tournament loss to Ole Miss.
In the Divisional Round of the playoffs against the Kansas City Chiefs, Joseph intercepted a pass thrown by Chad Henne in the endzone for a touchback during the 22–17 loss.
For courage and high example shown on the occasion of an accident in a filling factory, causing loss of one leg and severe injuries to the other.
The team went 6–1 in the round-robin with their only loss coming from Silvana Tirinzoni of Switzerland in the opening draw.
Since the broad gauge was incompatible with the standard gauge used by its neighbours, Baden soon feared the loss of lucrative through traffic.
His first opportunity at fighting for a major regional championship—the European Union super-middleweight title—was on 14 March 2008, which ended in a split decision loss to Lolenga Mock.
She was unable to accept the loss and stole her brother's corpse and lived with it for a year, believing that he was still alive with her.
He represented Samoa in the 2017 Rugby League World Cup and played all four games as the starting hooker, scoring a try in their loss to Tonga.
With 19 goals, he finished third in the scoring charts in his only season; this included four goals on 16 February 2019 in a 6–0 home win over Fortuna Sittard, and a hat-trick on the last day in a 5–4 loss to SBV Excelsior also at the Polman Stadion.
With the loss of the grammatical case in Macedonian, the toponym Vlaj was no longer understood in the plural, instead in the singular.
The film explores isolation and loss in the urban landscape of San Francisco.
: Ministry of Foreign Affairs said: "The Government of Nepal is shocked to learn of terrorist bomb attacks in different places of Brussels that resulted in massive loss of precious lives and injuries to many innocent people.
Bayern lost the match 0–1 for their first competitive loss of the season, putting them second in the group behind Atlético.
On 18 January 2017, Madrid lost their second straight game with a 1–2 loss against Celta Vigo in the first leg of the Copa del Rey quarter-final, despite an equalizer by Marcelo.
On April 1, he recorded 19 points and a career-high 13 rebounds in a 130–117 loss to Portland.
On January 18, 2020, he recorded his first triple-double of the season with 18 points, 10 rebounds, and 11 assists in a 133–130 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
In what was described as a "lightweight title fight that completely sucked the air out of [the] venue" due to "clinching, headbutts and lots of other matters that don't quite reflect actual fighting", Vázquez went on to hand Shafikov his first professional loss in a lacklustre unanimous decision.
Rioli played in each of the final four matches of the regular season, before contributing a season-best two goals in a qualifying final loss to the .
Though down to six scholarship players due to injuries, including the loss of the SEC's leading scorer and shooter, Aaron Nesmith, Vanderbilt won back to back SEC games over Alabama (away) and South Carolina (home) to end the regular season.
The location of the wetland near the growing metropolis of Gurgaon has led to loss of agricultural lands and wetlands.
It is an ecological, environmental, economic, and humanitarian disaster resulting in land degradation, loss of lives, and properties worth millions of dollars.
However, the Bruins suffered their first defeat in an 89–87 loss to No.
Snow and David are ready to console Regina and even Zelena is ready to reach out each other in the wake of her loss to Hades.
His work often explores issues surrounding grief and loss, using humour and documentary film to explore the awkwardness of death.
The PTD-DBM peptide popularly has been used as agents for treatment of hair loss would-wide.
Their first loss was on April 29, 2017 against the New York Cosmos where they lost 1–0.
He finally registered his debut on 6 June 2021 by starting in a 0–1 friendly loss to England.
In June, following a loss in a home friendly against Brazil, the team travelled to Russia to compete in the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Dickinson coped with death of loved ones by justifying the loss with God's plan to wean people away from distractions of faith.
 L – Outright loss (0 points)
Some risk factors for insecure attachment such as loss of parental figure, and sexual or physical abuse, are also risk factors for mental health disorders.
According to the ministry "The current situation eloquently shows that frozen conflicts remain a hotbed of instability across the OSCE space, which could flare up any moment and lead to large-scale hostilities and a great loss of human life".
In 1960 Álvarez moved to La Liga side Granada CF, making his debut in the competition on 11 September in a 0–1 loss at Real Sociedad.
Although the Rams largely survived the rough patch and finished with a 21–11–1 overall record while reaching the ECWHL championship game, a blowout loss to Massachusetts in that final and narrowly missing out on the ACHA National Tournament for the first time since 2003 brought the campaign to a bitter close.
The only blemish in the Lady Chaps' season was a 95–39 exhibition loss to eventual Division I champion Connecticut that did not count toward either team's official record.
On 31 December 2015, Leung made his debut for Hong Kong against Guangdong in the 2016 Guangdong–Hong Kong Cup, which the match ended in a 4:5 loss in aggregate.
On March 9, 2019, Williams scored his career-high 18 points with ten rebounds, an assist and a block in a 107–120 loss to the Boston Celtics.
Becker discovered that re-introduction of oxygen, rather than loss of oxygen, was primarily responsible for cell death.
Comparing the GSX-S750 with the GSR750, the changes made to GSX-S750 include a new exhaust to comply with Euro 4 and California emission standards, a new tapered handlebar, new swing-arm, a revised air box, and ventilation holes in the bottom of each cylinder to reduce pumping loss and improve power.
The loss ended MSU's season with a 20–15 record.
Other setbacks included a 0–0 draw against Slovenia and a 0–2 loss to Romania, both at home.
The international Helluland Project, organised by Sutherland, was to have published a book on her findings; this has been suspended as a result of her loss of access to her materials.
Because women in solitary confinement experience so little human contact, the gaze of their guards is often the only interaction that they have with another person; this can exacerbate the feelings of loss of privacy.
In Week 7 against the Detroit Lions, Neal led the team with 11 tackles (10 solo) and sacked Matthew Stafford once during the 23–22 loss.
The resulting loss is then (inversely) backpropagated through the encoder.
It is considered to be a leader in the global data loss prevention market.
He is well known for his books and lectures on the subject of bereavement and dealing with loss.
He made his professional debut with Bethlehem Steel FC on April 3, 2016, starting in a 2–1 loss to FC Cincinnati.
Idaho's sole conference loss was to Montana in Missoula.
They attribute Jim's memory loss to the trauma of a stabbing at the hands of a stranger that Jim remembers from a New Year's Eve 2000 trip to visit his parents in Calgary.
However, the athletic commission voted 3–2 against the appeal, leaving the TKO loss intact.
After the loss of her hearing, Macurdy took to using an ear-trumpet, a detail remembered fondly by her students in later anecdotes.
Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated from League Two on 16 April 2016 after their 3–2 loss to Leyton Orient returning to the fifth tier after nine years in the Football League.
The loss of a guitarist was an initial concern for the band when considering their live performances moving ahead, but they became used to the idea, after adopting the "raw [and] leaner sound" that came with fewer guitars on stage.
Generally, fur objects are fragile and, for a variety of reasons, they can experience loss.
It finished second after wins against JinZhong (9–0) and Luoyang (2–1) and a loss against Zibo Sunday (0–1), meaning the team did not qualify for the final phase of the national finals.
Match the original fabric with consideration of the loss of color or sheen
Pavel is despondent over the loss of his wife, but Nuţu is resolved to avenge his wife's and son's deaths.
Davis made nine combined tackles and a sack on Tom Brady during the 36–17 loss.
| 2017-12-08 || Loss ||align=left|  Endy Semeleer || Enfusion Live 58 - 72kg 8 Man Tournament, Final ||  Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
A youth academy product of Paris FC, Disasi made his professional debut for the club in a 1–0 loss to RC Lens on 11 December 2016.
He scored his first Ligue 2 goal on 6 May 2016, as consolation at the end of a 2–1 loss at Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01.
It smashed into three pieces and sank, with the loss of 45 lives.
After suffering a number of ankle problems during Newcastle's 2020 NRL season, Watson suffered a ruptured achilles playing against the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the Round 11, 18–12 loss, ending his season.
He made his senior debut 22 August of that year, replacing Sergi Samper for the final 13 minutes of a 1–2 loss at UE Cornellà.
Not letting the loss get to them, Xmithie and  were able to sweep heavy favorite Team SoloMid 2–0 to get another shot at first place.
Dweh made his international debut for the Liberia national football team on 22 June 2015, in a 3-1 loss to Guinea, in which he scored his team's goal.
On March 24, 2017, during the 27th anniversary of Tom Chambers' 60-point game against the Seattle SuperSonics, Devin Booker would wind up breaking that team-high record by scoring 70 points in a 130–120 loss to the Boston Celtics.
People are always up for change, but they fear loss, and I think that those who are proposing the change have a duty to explain to the local communities why those changes offer an improvement."
The SoftBank Group confirmed that during the fiscal year 2019–2020, the Vision Fund, in which Saudi Arabia invested $45 billion, incurred a loss calculated at $17.7 billion, after the value of investments was written down.
Themes in  Benson's work include "violence and loss, shown most vividly in her accounts of motherhood, are paired seamlessly with moments of great tenderness"
She goes on to say that she is not in mourning because her husband dying was no loss to her.
Grain storage on a subsistence farm is primarily based on minimizing grain loss.
The Thunder made their first appearance in Billings, Montana on October 8, 2008 in an 88–82 preseason loss against the Minnesota Timberwolves.
 Win or loss by super over or boundary count are counted as tied.
To warm up for the Summer Olympics, Cox placed third at the Grand Prix of Germany, suffering his lone loss to World and reigning Olympic champion from Azerbaijan Sharif Sharifov.
Lee often said, "I have kept an average of 95 percent of my campaign promises while serving the public", "Even if I might have to experience a political loss, I believe in the collective intelligence of the public, and push forward on the right things in order to bring about results.
During the English Civil War, the church suffered the loss of stained glass windows, murals were whitewashed and ornaments were destroyed by Roundhead supporters.
While many sources claim that the boat was later raised and broken up for scrap, the French Navy does not raise warships that suffered a loss of life as they are viewed as military graves, so these claims seem highly unlikely.
After injury to Calum Willock and a loss of form from Chris Moore, incoming forwards Clyde Wijnhard and Fola Onibuje failed to readdress the team's goalscoring problems.
In the penultimate game of the season, a County win combined with a Hartlepool loss would see Newport safe.
Prader-Willi Syndrome is a genetic condition caused by the loss of function of specific genes on chromosome 15.
The site's consensus reads "An exquisitely crafted episode, "The Door" culminates in a gut-wrenching revelation that makes the loss of a beloved character all the more poignant."
During Week 6, Simmons collected a season-high 11 solo tackles and deflected two passes during a 23–10 loss against the New York Giants.
Bradberry was inactive for the next three games (Weeks 5–8) due to a severe case of turf toe he sustained during the loss to the Falcons.
The following week, Byard made ten combined tackles (nine solo) in the Titans' 35–14 loss at the New England Patriots in the AFC Divisional Round.
In week 11 against the Oakland Raiders, Vigil recorded a team high 12 tackles and recovered a fumble forced by teammate Josh Tupou on Josh Jacobs in the 17–10 loss.
The season began for Mumbai City with a 3–1 loss to their Maharashtra rivals, Pune City on 5 October.
On November 26, 2017, Murray made one tackle before leaving the Chiefs' 16-10 loss to the Buffalo Bills in the second quarter after sustaining an injury.
Goodson was also inactive for a Week 16 loss at the Arizona Cardinals and was subsequently placed on injured reserve on December 27, 2017.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Indianapolis Colts' season-opener against the Detroit Lions and made one solo tackle during their 39–35 loss.
He finished the season with 57 tackles, 6.5 tackles for loss, three sacks and two interceptions (one returned for a touchdown).
On September 17, 2017, he collected five solo tackles and sacked Matt Ryan during their 34–23 loss at the Atlanta Falcons.
In his final year with the team, Lowry set a single-game team record against Nebraska with six tackles for a loss, he also recorded two sacks in the game and was named the team's Defensive Player of the Game.
| 2018-11-03 || Loss || align=left| Jordann Pikeur || K-1 World GP 2018: 3rd Super Lightweight Championship Tournament || Saitama Prefecture, Japan || KO (4 knockdowns) || 3 || 1:30
Overall, he played in 10 games, 123 snaps on defense and nine on special teams and recorded 17 tackles, 3.5 for a loss, and 2 sacks.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Dallas Cowboys’ season-opener against the New York Giants and made one solo tackle during their 20–19 loss.
 Propecia (active ingredient: finasteride), a treatment for hair loss
O'clock in the afternoon 4ː00, politician Serafin Ortiz Ortiz (brother of former governor Hector Ortiz Ortiz) said through his Twitter account, his condolences and regret the loss of this personage.
After being one of just four Richmond players to play in every regular season game that year, Castagna opened his finals campaign with a one goal performance in a qualifying final loss to the .
The stellar wind from TRAPPIST-1 has a pressure a thousand times larger than that from the Sun, which could destabilize the atmospheres of the TRAPPIST-1 planets up to planet f, as the pressure would push the wind deep into their atmospheres; this would facilitate the evaporation of the atmospheres and the loss of water.
Sims's career totals included 220 tackles, eight interceptions, 27 passes defensed, one forced fumble, five fumble recoveries and four tackles for loss.
Further agricultural loss was expected in the coming harvests as a result of soil erosion; to mitigate the damage done, as soon as the remaining crops had been harvested, paddocks were scarified and barley and maize were sown as cover crops.
Prior to the Black Death, the loss of silver in England was caused by "accident and export".
He played against a touring Australian side in 1886, part of an Otago side of 22 players, and top-scored for Otago with 25 in their loss to the touring New South Wales team in February 1890, winning a bat in recognition.
Among the crew is Ava Hamilton, a British engineer who frets about leaving her husband Michael potentially for years, as their relationship struggles since the loss of their children to a house fire.
Therefore, on ideal lattices,  and  are equivalent with a small loss.
He scored his first goal for QPR in a 2–1 loss to Bristol City on 1 December 2020.
after coming on as a 76th minute substitute for Mekeil Williams during the final match, which ended in a 2–0 loss against Honduras that eliminated Trinidad and Tobago from the competition.
He holds the FCS record for career sacks (59) and tackles for loss (80).
In 2016, he made his debut in 2016 World Championships in opening match overtime loss against Sweden.
Fires can lead to an overall loss of habitat and biodiversity.
He suffered his first professional loss to TaCa at Krush-EX 2011 vol.2, losing by TKO in the third round.
 Limb loss of deficiency equivalent to double above leg amputation.
Prolonged weightlessness was shown to cause significant loss in the mass, force, and power production in the soleus and gastrocnemius muscles.
Simon Parris of Theatre People said: "The songs of love, loss and longing on Both Sides Now have all clearly been carefully selected for their beauty and their personal meaning for Prior.
A cortege of helicopters flew overhead to honour the nation’s loss.
A dying Mohan reveals that Vamsi coerced him to invest in betting, which resulted in a loss of nearly 5 billion, for which Aishwarya's father Ram Prakash agreed to reimburse him.
After a Round 1 loss against Team SoloMid, the team went on to beat Gambit Gaming in Round 1 of the losers bracket.
Following the suffrage in the media company's loss of revenues, TV5 decided to shut down the InterAksyon website by March 2018.
Zubeldia made his senior debut on 29 August 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 away loss against CD Ebro.
Moreover, making a bishop exchange constitutes tempo loss, so it is not advised without a good reason.
Although Sweden was neutral, Ulla Fersens captain acceded to this demand as the two British vessels out-gunned him and he wanted to avoid loss of life.
He scored on his debut for the club in a 3–2 loss to Albion Rovers and then scored again in a 3–1 win against Stenhousemuir.
He played in goal in the United States' 0 - 6 loss to Brazil at the Parapan Games.
While it meant loss of revenue, it also meant enrolling more students.
In September 1983, the beach was badly damaged by a typhoon that caused the loss of sand and trees.
They entered game 82 needing a loss from either the Pacers or the Bulls and a victory over the Wizards.
In a non-conference loss against Cornell on November 10, 1951, Green was credited with "outstanding defensive play" as he "recovered one fumble, intercepted a pass and got almost half the Wolverines' tackles, it appeared."
Smoke detectors of the type installed on the aircraft can also be triggered by the condensation of water vapour, producing fog, in the event of a sudden loss of pressure inside the cabin.
He made his first team debut on 19 May 2016 in a 5–2 away loss to Genk playing the entire match.
The resulting by-election, held a few months later, was considered to be of great importance to the government of Sir James Mitchell, as a loss would reduce it to minority government.
It was again Pinner that he partnered with when he played West Germany's doubles rubber in Budapest, a four set loss to Hungarian players Péter Szőke and Balázs Taróczy.
7 March: Arsenal suffer a thumping Champions League exit after being beaten 5–1 by Bayern Munich for the second match in succession, resulting in a 10–2 loss on aggregate.
The season began for Delhi Dynamos with a 2–0 loss to the Goa on 4 October.
 Section 3 of the Expatriation Act of 1907 provided for loss of citizenship by American women who married aliens.
Competing in the light welterweight division he faced Australian Luke Woods in the first round and was eliminated from the competition after a 0–10 loss.
Reduced overall loss of Public Sector companies which stood at Rs.
Struggling to cope with the loss of the majority of its roster, AJPW eventually hired NJPW wrestler Keiji Mutoh to lead the promotion.
In spite of the loss, Bengaluru FC's journey to the final was hailed as one of the top moments in Indian sports and Indian football.
Kujundžić once again rebounded from a loss by winning his next two fights, winning a decision against Vasil Ducar and knocking out Frank Muñoz.
In the Ride’s second game, a 17–16 loss to the Boston Storm, Alex Aust set a league record and team record for most goals in a game.
It wasn't until on 9 November 2016 when Jackson scored again, in a 4–2 loss against Sheffield United in the EFL Trophy.
Before the investigation began it was suspected that either metal fatigue or loss of hydraulics caused the accident.
On May 29, 2016, Chand made his debut for the senior national team at the 2016 OFC Nations Cup in their 3–1 loss against New Zealand.
The result was one win, one draw and one loss for AIs, and the total score was 3:3.
Kalamazoo FC opened the 2017 season on the road at AFC Ann Arbor and suffered a 2–0 loss to the eventual division winner.
The mansion was subsequently enlarged, with an extension to the south in 1929 followed by one at the north end of the house in 1935, resulting in loss of the portico facing Southgate Green, and encased in red brick.
Two and a half weeks later, he scored a career-best 42 points during a double-overtime loss at Marquette.
Slant Magazine's David Sackllah called the album "a tremendous achievement that captures sentiments of loss, isolation, and searching for a belonging in a way that only a writer with a keen eye and empathetic nature as Sheff’s could fully articulate."
Shoard's first book was an attempt to explain how farming was transforming the countryside by chronicling the loss of landscape features and wildlife diversity.
A loss to Essex at Leyton was followed by seven successive winning matches, including two innings victories during Canterbury Cricket Week at the beginning of August.
The 1930 Gators also defeated Georgia Tech for the first time, 55–7, and played their first game at Florida Field (a 20–0 loss to national champion Alabama).
The sole regular-season loss was to Georgia, 17–9.
After Hojo, Mimura and Konami lost the Artist of Stardom Championship back to AZM, HZK and Shirai in their second defense, Hojo wrestled an unadvertised ten-match one-minute time limit series against members of the Stardom roster that ended in three wins, six draws and one loss.
He was awarded man of the match in game 2 of the series, where he was praised for his exceptional kicking game, but another loss in game 3 saw a shock 2-1 series defeat.
He only made his professional debut on 4 June, coming on as a second-half substitute for Josete in a 0–5 away loss against CA Osasuna; he was also sent off after one minute on the field after conceding a penalty.
After Natalya blamed Becky for her team's loss at Survivor Series, Shane blamed the entire team, especially the absence of Nikki Bella, and scheduled a match between Natalya and Becky.
5 August 1945: Lieutenant Keeling and crew were shot down with the loss of all hands during a strafing attack on a tanker while on patrol east of Korea.
bgcolor="ffbbbb" | Breakers Loss
He met Attell twice in non-title matches on April 3, 1913, in New York in a ten-round loss by decision and on October 24, 1912, in a twelve-round draw in Boston.
An intervention to reduce food loss or waste, if sufficiently large, will affect prices upstream and downstream in the supply chain relative to where the intervention occurred.
The people whom work with the youth deaf community are highly specialized and experienced in working with people with hearing loss.
The Predators capped their month of play on October 29 with a 4–1 loss to the Sharks.
Facing Vancouver on February 7, the Predators rebounded from their shutout loss against Detroit – with goals from Arvidsson, Fisher, Forsberg (whose goal was initially waved off but restored after video review showed the puck crossing the line under Jacob Markström's glove) and Järnkrok – with a 4–2 victory over the Canucks.
On May 28, 2016, the Lightning's off-season began when they were eliminated by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the Eastern Conference Final in a 2–1 loss.
Both aircraft were shot down with the loss of both crews, except for one crewman taken prisoner.
Even before the loss of the majority of the United Kingdom's tank force in France in 1940 after Dunkirk, it was recognised that tank production in the UK at the start of the war was insufficient and capacity in the US was taken for British needs.
Yeddyurappa's removal from the BJP, which resulted in the party's loss in the Karnataka state election.
The Italian wolf underwent a reduction in body size with the loss of the red deer in Italy during the Renaissance.
Paraguay's qualification campaign in 2009 commenced with a 2–0 away loss against Uruguay and a 1–1 away draw against Ecuador, which saw Paulo da Silva red carded in the 84th minute and Édgar Benítez levelling the match in the 92nd minute in Quito.
He made his international debut for Angola at the age of 15 in a 3-0 loss against Malawi at the 2016 COSAFA Cup.
Thermal decomposition resulted in stages of water loss at 45°, 60°, 110° (reversibly losing the .
Before Father Jay dies of blood loss, he advises his followers to avoid the inevitable police persecution.
The Court added that each distributor knew that "without substantially unanimous action with respect to the restrictions for any given territory, there was risk of a substantial loss of the business and goodwill of the subsequent-run and independent exhibitors, but that, with it, there was the prospect of increased profits."
Early in her career Page struggled with the yips (a loss of fine motor skills in athletes) for two years which affected her confidence and performance, but she overcame it in 2010 with the help of a confidence coach.
However, a 2–0 away loss to Shakhtar meant that Braga came 3rd in their group and dropped into the Europa League.
Baghdad's first loss was handed to him by UFC competitor Charles Oliveira.
The major disadvantage of using the shunt is that fundamentally a shunt is a resistive element, the power loss is thus proportional to the square of the current passing through it and consequently it is a rarity amongst high current measurements.
The NHL's deputy commissioner, Bill Daly, said that teams that do not follow the expansion draft rules would face penalties, saying "It's a loss of draft picks and/or players."
He scored a second try in their next match against the  the following week – also kicking a conversion in a 14–28 loss – and made it three tries in three matches when he scored the second of the EP Kings' five tries in a 31–18 victory over Namibian side the  in Windhoek.
The electric propeller controls caused many problems during the early days of the deployment, resulting in the loss of one aircraft.
Jackson threw his first NFL touchdown pass, a 26-yard completion to fellow rookie tight end Hayden Hurst, the next week in relief of Flacco in the fourth quarter of a 36–21 loss to the Carolina Panthers.
He played for New Zealand in two matches in 1896-97: the loss to the Australians and the victory over the touring Queensland team.
He earned his second cap a week later, coming on as a 65' substitute for Alexandre Martínez during a 2-0 loss to Estonia in Tallinn.
The loss ensured that Bosnia would be unable to finish in first place, and pushed the Bosnians into a fight to avoid relegation.
In two months of combat the squadron had flown 124 combat missions, sinking 29 enemy ships with the loss of 18 officers, 54 enlisted personnel, and 9 aircraft.
Bubble density around a track is proportional to a particle's energy loss.
Quincy is the founder of the Herbal Slimmers and Weight Loss Association of Nigeria and pioneer Secretary General of the National Association of Nigerian Traditional Medicine Practitioners (NANTMP).
However the first barge sank with its cargo a total loss.
In nine minutes off the bench, he recorded two points, two assists, one steal and one block in a 129–100 loss.
The Soviets suffered 1,567 casualties — 516 killed or missing and another 1,051 wounded — and the loss of five landing ships, while Japanese casualties totaled 1,018 — 256 killed and another 762 wounded.
Habitat loss through deforestation is likely a threat to this species.
A week later, he scored his first try for the club in a 16–32 loss to the South Sydney Rabbitohs.
Playing her first match at Pacific Life Open against number 77 Raluca Olaru, she had to give her best to get through inspired opponent and she eventually recovered from second set loss with 6–0 in the third set, winning after nearly two hours.
Brooke's skiff and the longboat made east Java by 8 June and, calling at Bantam en route, Batavia ("Jaccatra") on 25 June 1622, with the loss of just one more life during the weeks at sea.
On March 30, House recorded a career-high 8 rebounds in a heartbreaking, buzzer-beating loss against the Houston Rockets.
The reduction of the RAAF's helicopter fleet increased the cost of operating the Chinooks due to the loss of economies of scale, and made it more difficult to find aircrew for No.
A place in the play-offs was already assured, but following Slovakia's 3–1 loss to Croatia, victory at home to Hungary in the final game on November 19 would assure automatic qualification.
Finley played in the Gryphons' 42-39 overtime semi final victory over the Queen’s Gaels and in the Yates Cup Final loss to the McMaster Marauders.
Now only Nimai, the eldest, the milk seller finds himself at a loss.
Unofficial street racing remains illegal and police are well endowed with equipment to use, such as 'sustained loss of traction' which carries a minimum sentence of licence disqualification and maximum sentence of imprisonment.
The resultant loss in population saw the district redesignated as the Shire of Croydon in 1903–04, with the town becoming the centre of a pastoral district rather than a goldfield.
Freeform released a statement saying "We are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend and colleague, Gary Hutzel.
The fitth and final match of the night featured the son of lucha libre'' legend El Santo, El Hijo del Santo teaming up with Bogeman and El Pantera to defeat Cerebro Negro and El Hijo del Cien Caras, who for the night was teaming up with Villano III in the loss.
After his hair loss IWRG decided to team Arlequín up with two similarly dressed characters Arlequín Rojo ("Harlequin Red") Arlequín Verde ("Harlequin Green"), with Meija becoming known as Arlequín Amarillo ("Harlequin Yellow") as they began working as Los Arlequíns.
Following a loss in a Lucha de Apuesta match the masked wrestler would be forced to unmask, state their real name and then would be unable to wear that mask while wrestling anywhere in Mexico.
Los Super Payasos remained a unit even after the mask loss, but their prominence in IWRG was reduced, no longer in contention for the Distrito Federal Trios championship.
Despite the lack of choice and loss of Self-control theory of crime depicted by the criminal spin model, the latter does not intend to remove the Moral responsibility from the agent, but to describe the phenomenological experience during the spin.
On 18 November 2018, he made his debut in a 1–0 home loss game against Estonia.
During his career he had 181 tackles, 3 interceptions, 11 tackles for loss, and 4 sacks.
Despite the loss, the result qualified the team for the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Canada.
It was estimated that worldwide sales of diet pills containing stimulants rocketed to over 10 billion tablets sold and that between 6% and 8% of the U.S. population were prescribed these types of medications to aid in weight loss.
Loss of stock to dingos combined with isolation, scarcity of labour and transport difficulties forced him to abandon his lease.
In order to compensate the loss of these religious shrines those were submerged in the reservoir, the Mahaweli authorities started the construction of bubble shaped Stupa, Mahaweli Maha Seya which only second to the great Ruwanwelisaya of Anuradhapura in height.
On 16 May 2018 he scored his first goal for the team in a 2−1 away loss against Anagennisi Karditsa.
The damaged 65 F was towed to Pola for repairs, and the loss of Balilla resulted in the Italians withdrawing submarine patrols closer to the Otranto Barrage.
Romania were eventually eliminated by defending champions Germany in the semi-finals, after a 2–4 loss.
The opposition Congress party chairperson Sonia Gandhi expressed deep anguish at the loss of innocent lives.
In 2006 makes the series The Celebrities , a project about Narcissus and the loss of the face, which becomes the prize «Generaciones 2007».
Despite the loss, they were invited to the NCAA Division I Tournament for the first time in school history.
First she beat Italian wildcard Karin Knapp with loss of just two games, before having to battle hard for victory over always dangerous Alizé Cornet.
Marin was cut by the UFC following his loss to Sage Northcutt.
Kennedy's loss marked the first time a member of the Kennedy family had lost an election in Massachusetts.
Loan loss reserves, overcollateralization and subordinated debt can help assuage concern among private lenders who are interested in entering the market, but concerned about the risks associated with developers, counter parties or technologies with less established history in their given jurisdiction.
He was dismissed from the Academy after one year due to a progressive hearing loss, with a 4-F draft rating.
Crichton made his debut for the Sydney Roosters against his old club South Sydney in Round 1 of the 2019 NRL season at the Sydney Cricket Ground which ended in a 26-16 loss.
He made his debut in the thirty-eight point loss against  in round 11, 2016 at Metricon Stadium.
He made his professional debut on 16 July, starting in a 0–1 home loss against Slovan Bratislava.
Roscosmos has confirmed the loss of Progress MS-04.
Tectonic erosion or subduction erosion is the loss of crust from an overriding tectonic plate due to subduction.
The pizza box is supposed to allow the transport of a baked pizza with the minimum loss in quality possible.
They won the first leg 2–1 away but were eliminated after a 3–1 extra time loss at home in the second.
He would stay at light-heavyweight for his next four successful outings, all in Russia, until a second UD loss to Cornelius White on 14 July 2012.
 Protection of files stored and transferred by encryption, antivirus scanning, and DLP (data loss prevention)
In July 2016 he was signed by top-tier club Start, and made his debut in a 2–4 home loss against Vålerenga.
Porsche identified a loss in tyre pressure in Hartley's car and chose to pit him, and Webber climbed aboard the No.
In Week 2 against the New England Patriots, Fitzpatrick made six tackles and recovered a fumble by running back Sony Michel in the 43–0 loss.
Unfortunately, this would be his first loss, which came at the hands of a fourth inning flyball that went past the fielders for a two-base error that was followed by a double to score the only run of the game.
Spirits began to rise after a respectable loss to McGill and a close 19-18 win over Ottawa University.
He returned during the Cowboys’ Week 5 loss against the Green Bay Packers, but further re-injured his hamstring and was subsequently sidelined for the next four games (Week 7–10).
During his brief pontificate in the last quarter of 1187, Pope Gregory VIII, though shaken by the loss of Jerusalem to Saladin and the near-collapse of the Latin Church in the Holy Land, had already begun to work toward bringing aid to the Crusaders.
Our loss, as reported to me, was 1 captain and 5 men killed, and about double that number wounded."
The sportsperson's physician may be asked to provide extensive medical information including  medical diagnosis and any loss of function related to their condition.
With starting shooting guard Bradley Beal out injured on November 12, 2016 against the Chicago Bulls, McClellan made his first career start and subsequently scored a season-high 15 points in a 106–95 loss.
Barry's loss of blood required his removal from the main deck but when his Lieutenant, Hoystead Hacker, suggested surrender, an enraged Barry emphatically declared that surrender would not be considered, and he demanded to be brought back to the Alliance’s deck if Hacker had truly lost his will to keep fighting.
The Gaiters now competed for the Dunsmore Cup conference championship and made their first appearance in 1984, which was a loss to the Queen's Golden Gaels.
On 17 August 2021, Uhre scored the opener in a 1–2 loss to Red Bull Salzburg in the first leg of the play-off round of the UEFA Champions League.
The Hoyas opened the Big East season with a loss at Marquette, in which Rodney Pryor finished with 23 points, Jesse Govan scored 11, and Marcus Derrickson came off the bench for 11.
In 2001 The Art Loss Register deposited images of missing or stolen tapestries and textiles.
The accident is the only hull loss of an Emirates aircraft.
Her memories of her mother are memories of an obsession and she suffered her first major breakdown on her mother's death in 1895, the loss having a profound lifelong effect.
Symptoms include persistent bloating, postmenopausal bleeding, and/or appetite loss.
Those supporting Israel generally also expressed concern for the loss of life and injuries to civilians.
 Bangladesh's Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated, "Bangladesh is shocked and saddened at the unwarranted attack on unarmed civilians on board the Mavi Marmara on 31 May 2010, and the resultant loss of lives."
The loser of the A3 vs. B3 game was eliminated (with only one loss in the elimination round, plus one or two in the group stage).
Maybe Destruction Comes is not a total loss after all, but it can be surprisingly tiresome to listen to it even halfway through."
The defender spent a year in Scotland, playing exactly 50 games in all competitions, scoring one goal in a 2–1 home loss in the Scottish Premiership against Rangers.
However, in a 4–1 loss against Luton Town on 29 April 2017, Beckles scored an own goal following "a comedy of errors to give Luton a second when Beckles headed back to Rodak and it looped over the keeper and into the net four minutes into the second half."
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and President Mamnoon Hussain condemned the attack and expressed their grief over the loss.
Each team played the other teams in their pool once, with 3 points awarded for a win, 2 points for a draw, and 1 point for a loss (no points awarded for a forfeit).
He managed only one goal during his time on the Baltic Sea coast, in a 3–2 loss away to Lech Poznań on 12 July.
On 20 October, he scored his first Premier League goal in a 4–2 away loss to Cardiff City, becoming the first player born in the 2000s to score in the competition.
Studies have shown that for couples who followed traditional gender roles, adjustment to life after their loss was often more difficult than for couples who did not.
On the day after the shooting, DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz issued a statement mourning his loss and praising Rich's work to support voter rights.
This gradual loss of methylation marks leads to changes in the expression of crucial developmental genes that may be dosage sensitive, leading to neural degeneration.
Their leaders raised issue about the loss of screens to Marathi films like Deva and Ek Atrangi which released alongside.
On 29 May 2018 he did his debut for the senior national team in a 3–0 loss against Kosovo in a friendly.
In 2013 as a sophomore, he had a school-record 15 receptions in a game 5 loss to Missouri, and a 98-yard kickoff return for a touchdown the next week against Idaho.
He scored two times in 24 games during the 2017–18 Süper Lig, once in a 2–1 home win over Beşiktaş and once in a 5–1 away loss against Galatasaray.
The overseas First British Empire was devastated by the loss of the thirteen American colonies in a war when Britain had no major allies.
Tarbell made a career-high eleven saves in San Jose's U.S. Open Cup semifinal loss against Sporting Kansas City, in addition to saving Benny Feilhaber's penalty during sudden death, on August 9, 2017.
He suffered a hip pointer while being sacked by Michael Brockers and was benched late in the fourth quarter for Daniel in the 17–7 loss.
The death of Madetoja's mother, Anna, on 26 March 1934, interrupted his work on the opera; the loss so devastated Madetoja that he fell ill and could not travel to Oulu for the funeral.
He recorded two assists in the 4–3 loss to the Reading Royals.
Os Belenenses, making his debut as a professional on 31 July of that month in a 0–1 home loss against F.C.
It wasn't until on 5 January 2019 when Diakhaby made his first appearance in three months, starting a match and played 73 minutes, in a 1–0 loss against Bristol City in the third round of the FA Cup.
The right propeller was accidentally feathered, causing a loss of altitude.
Born in Sanlúcar de Barrameda, Cádiz, Andalusia, Salvi finished his graduation with Sevilla FC, making his senior debuts with the C-team on 27 April 2010 by coming on as a second-half substitute in a 2–1 Tercera División away loss against UD Los Barrios.
Beltrán was sent off in the 25th minute of a 0–2 home loss against Granada CF on 15 September 2019 for a foul on Yangel Herrera that was confirmed by video assistant referee review; teammate Jorge Sáenz had already been ejected through the same technology.
Despite inconsistent form, he impressed enough to make his debut in Brisbane's sixty point loss to  in round 22 at the Gabba.
He was also named on the bench for a La Liga match against Granada CF on 7 May 2016, but remained unused in a 1–4 home loss the following day.
Liga debut off the bench on 5 September 2015 in a 3–1 loss to Preußen Münster.
LeBlanc was forced into action in Week 11 during a 48-7 loss to the New Orleans Saints following  a litany of injuries in the Eagles' secondary.
South Frances United included South Wheal Frances and West Wheal Basset, which had been running at a loss for several years.
Davis made his NFL debut in the Titans' season-opening 26–16 loss to the Oakland Raiders and caught six receptions for 69 yards.
After his fifth round knockout loss on November 24, 1979 to Danilo Inocian, at Cotabato del Sur, Philippines, he retired from boxing.
After a period of intense missionary activity by the Catholic Church, Hidetada Tokugawa, the second shōgun of the Tokugawa dynasty, issued a decree which banned the practice and teaching of the Christian faith, and under the threat of loss of life, all the missionaries had to leave Japan.
Cowans was named on the bench for Stevenage on 27 August 2016 and given the number 23 shirt but did not start in a 5–2 away loss.
A typical example for deviations from an assumed true faith are social changes within society which lead a loss purpose for ethical prescriptions, so they have to be replaced by other ethical prescriptions in order to protect the underlying, unchanged value for the future.
In his debut, he had 20 points and 8 rebounds in a narrow loss against Njarðvík.
On July 10, 2016, Lelii was promoted to the first team roster following the temporary loss of six Pride players to their respective Olympic teams.
Despite an outbreak of scab in 1853 which caused the loss of 17,000 sheep, the property prospered during this early period as a successful sheep run.
From 1848 to 1850, the Enfer was subject to a public attack, accused of the negligent loss of a large numbers of books.
The decree recognised that the great pressures of predatory activities on areas occupied by the traditional people of the forest were causing irreversible loss of plant and wildlife resources, and were exacerbating social conflicts and degrading the quality of life of the forest residents.
It was the first individual loss for the United States at the Olympiad.
Their loss to China in the penultimate and tie with India in the ultimate round, however, placed them on the fourth place overall with 17 match points, which was only equaled by England who came in the fifth place at the end.
The men's last game during their first stint in Superettan ended up, as most other games that season, in a loss.
Loss of habitat is another reason for the drastic reduction in population.
On 19 February 2016 Bryant made his Premiership debut against Harlequins scoring 9 points and impressing in a 25-19 loss.
On October 8, 2017, Anderson caught two passes for a season-high 63-yards in Houston's 42-34 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
The Can-Am finals would be a rematch against Onondaga, which Native Sons would avenge their loss of the previous season defeating the Redhawks in a four-game sweep.
Arizona concluded the 1974 season with a 9–2 record (6–1 in WAC), and lost out on the WAC title and bowl eligibility due to their loss to BYU that season.
A late Iowa field goal in the fourth quarter decided the game, and led to an Arizona loss.
With Arizona's win against Arizona State, it may have saved the Wildcats’ season, as a loss would have kept Arizona out of a bowl game because it would have led to a losing conference record which would have the Wildcats ineligible despite having six wins.
With the loss, Arizona’s Rose Bowl hopes were presumably ended for good.
The Conservatives suffered a net loss of ten seats and won twenty-four councillors.
In the 4OT loss to Missouri, he suffered a torn ACL and was out for the remainder of the season.
But, when the payment function is selected to be the Shapley value, the loss of welfare is minimized.
In the Wild Card round against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Hurts threw for 258 yards and a touchdown, but fumbled once and threw two interceptions in the 31–15 loss.
Its principal defect is the loss of one of the corner posts.
He started the first four games of his freshman season as a nose tackle and used as a backup for the rest of the season, and recorded 16 tackles, 3 sacks and 4.5 tackles for loss.
An album planned for 2018 was put on hold when "some tragedy, some loss, some internal struggle" led Bradley and Dean to take an extended break.
He made his debut two weeks later, in a 0–2 loss at S.L.
 Industry Loss Warranties, insurance protection against an event to an entire insurance
The Government minister lashed out at PTI for its politics and blamed a huge loss to the economy on PTI.
The Bulldogs closed the season with a 13-0 home shutout loss to BYU.
On September 18, in the season opener at Sun Devil Stadium, Arizona State suffered a 24-6 loss to BYU.
The profit is distributed among the partners in pre-agreed ratios, while the loss is borne by each partner strictly in proportion to respective capital contributions.
On 6 September 2016, Josema made his first team debut, starting in a 2–0 Copa del Rey home loss against Rayo Vallecano.
Pain and tingling in the hand is typically present in CTS and absent from MMA; loss of function presents differently; with careful electrophysiological study and neurological exams the two are distinguished.
This was seen as a sensible course of action as opposed to sustaining a weekly loss of £12 over the winter months.
Pinto scored his first professional goal on 19 November 2014, netting his team's only in a 1–2 away loss against Zamora FC.
The mass migration of affluent residents—motivated at least in part by environmental harms like chronic smog—drained the city's tax base and resulted in an economic loss of human capital.
The government's loss of the Goodwin case was a factor in the introduction of the Gender Recognition Act 2004.
During Kaya's debut campaign in the AFC Champions League, Bedic scored in their 2–1 group stage loss to defending champions Ulsan Hyundai on July 5, 2021.
On 17 May 2015, Pombo suffered a serious knee injury during a 2–8 Segunda División B heavy loss against Valencia CF Mestalla, being sidelined for seven months.
Heavy rains during the months of June, July and August 2016 resulted in extreme flooding of various rivers throughout Niger, particularly the Niger River, where the floods caused material damage and loss of life in Niger and other countries along the river's path.
In this situation, the cause of the disintegration of the aircraft is not atmospheric turbulence but is the inability of the pilot to control the aircraft following the loss of visual reference to the ground.
In his first career start for the 2016 Wolverines, McCray tackled Diocemy Saint Juste for a loss during the first series of the game against Hawaii.
He started in the season-opening 1–0 home loss to Bradford City but made only five more appearances – all in cups – before Shrewsbury ended his loan prematurely on New Year's Eve.
One winner will be based on weight loss (like prior seasons) and will win $50,000.
He played 2 full 90-minutes match in the opening one against Austria U19 finished in the 2–1 loss and against Georgia U19 two days later finished in the 1–0.
The next week he recorded his first tackle for loss against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Despite the loss of his right arm, Butler continued his art career in New York and San Francisco, and was elected a National Academician in 1873.
With their 3–2 win over the Philadelphia Phillies at home, and the Miami Marlins’ 10–8 loss to the Atlanta Braves at SunTrust Park, the Nationals clinched their fourth National League East Division title in the last six seasons.
factor containing damping and reflection/transmission coefficients (akin to the coupling loss factors in SEA).
While dominant in the Mediterranean in 1550, the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 resulted in a significant loss of skilled manpower and experienced commanders.
Tampa continued their run of success against Marco Estrada in the second game, tagging him for six runs in the 6–4 Toronto loss.
Getting a certificate of loss of documentation from the police is a matter of routine.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Arizona Cardinals’ season-opener at the Detroit Lions and made one tackle in their 35-23 loss.
Even though the district was retaken by the government on 5 September, the fact that the district had been captured by the Taliban in the first place was widely considered a heavy blow for the government, which faced increasing insecurity and loss of territory since the ISAF retreat in 2014.
It focuses on themes of love and loss, trauma and abuse, healing, femininity and the body.
She was attacked with depth charges and made to surface, there she was strafed with the loss of five crew (including British liaison officer) and six injured, including the commander.
He completed 12 of 21 (57.1%) passes for a total of 113 yards and an interception, resulting in a 52.3 QB rating in the 23–7 loss.
On 8 December, Edwards set a Úrvalsdeild record with 18 assists in a 88–91 loss against ÍR, breaking Jón Kr.
The workers rescue an injured Aaron, who struggles to get back to the cave, distraught over another failure and the loss of his new friend.
He made his debut for Zvijezda 09 on 20 July 2019, in a 1–5 home league loss against Tuzla City.
In the quarter final against Tonga, Miski scored two tries in Lebanon's narrow loss which ended 24-22.
Darnold suffered a fractured scapula during the Panthers 6–24 loss against the New England Patriots which made him miss four to six weeks with a shoulder injury.
During Dodd's tenure, the Vols went 33 games without a loss until an 18–6 setback against national champion Alabama in 1930, which ranks as the longest unbeaten streak in UT history.
With injuries piling up on the Vols there wasn't much to be done in a deflating 49–10 loss to the Crimson Tide.
Its first ever loss occurred in that first game against Washington U by a score of 24–6.
Ties to Tennessee and Kentucky, and a loss to Georgia Tech, derailed the season early.
Though still picked by some as national champion, the loss to Tech negated any claim to the conference title.
Alabama completed their season with a 12–5 loss to defending SIAA champion LSU at Birmingham to finish 5–1–2.
Hester Ulrich was born in October 1995 as Hester Doyle, the daughter of Kappa pledge Sophia Doyle, who died from blood loss after giving birth in the bathtub due to the neglect of the sorority president and her minions.
The Tigers began the season with a 38–35 home victory over rival and fifth-ranked Georgia and ended the regular season with a record fifth-straight loss to arch-rival South Carolina, 31–17, in the first Top 10 meeting of the two schools (Clemson No.
The diagnostic difference in these diseases is the presence of sensory loss in the extremities.
Key messages and information will focus on the importance and means of preventing hearing loss from recreational sounds through safe listening.
Walkes made his Atlanta United debut, in the opening game of the season, coming on a late substitute but scored an own goal shortly after, in a 2–1 loss against New York Red Bulls.
Judge Clane, the town's leading citizen and former congressman town, longs for the old ways of the South, but also mourns the loss of his wife
He also had 13 tackles for loss, 4 sacks and one pass breakup.
In Week 8 against the Tennessee Titans, Adams forced a fumble on Derrick Henry which was recovered by teammate Vernon Hargreaves in the 27–23 loss.
He won the 2019 Campeonato Paulista with Timão, but was dismissed on 3 November 2019, after a 4–1 loss to Flamengo.
He scored in the 2018–19 season's opener, a 2-1 home loss against Atromitos.
Manager Livingston claimed that Mr. Berry had reneged on his promise to have the Philadelphia professional team play the WUP the previous Thursday so he had written a check in the amount of  sixty-seven dollars and seventy-five cents to cover the University's loss of revenue.
In their last regular season game, the Miners suffered their first loss, against Seattle, 74–72, leaving them at 23–1.
The team played their first match on 2 October 2015, which ended as a 127–75 loss at home to the Ryukyu Golden Kings.
Despite an unlucky 3-2 loss against Finland, the team was able to beat their next three opponents.
Even for women looking to utilize medications, weight loss should be encouraged to increase the likelihood of ovulation and ovarian response.
Symmetrical bis-imidazol structures, such as daclatasvir, experience a loss in potency when fluorene is substituted for the biaryl group.
She is however emotionally disturbed by the sinking and loss of Lady Marjorie, taking the blame personally.
But in 2019 General Elections  the JD(U) balanced the loss incurred due to the defection of Upendra Kushwaha and Bharatiya Janata Party and Janata Dal (United) secured victory over the putatively put alliance of RJD+RLSP+INC+HAM+VIP parties.
He started 12 games at defensive tackle in 2015, totaling two sacks and 31 tackles, including 5.5 for tackles for loss.
Such large volcanic eruptions can result in catastrophic impacts on humans and widespread loss of life both close to the volcano and at greater distances.
17 December – Ahead of the loss of its franchise, the final edition of the Thames Television-produced current affairs series This Week is broadcast.
The last team in a new season to suffer a loss has won the Super Bowl twelve times.
In the final game of the series, Matt Kemp's two home runs couldn't lift the Braves past Travis d'Arnaud's two-run double and a two-run homer by Wilmer Flores in a 6-2 loss to the Mets.
The Braves could only muster five runs against an onslaught of 20 hits and 16 runs by the Mets in a 16-5 loss in the third game of the series.
Teherán's perfect road record on the season came to an end on July 22 when he surrendered three homers in a 6-2 loss.
The loss moved the Cubs under .500 at 18–19 and put them 3.5 games out of first.
With a Cardinal loss on the day, the Cubs moved a game up in the division.
The loss moved the Cubs to brink of elimination, trailing in the series 3–0.
The team was eliminated from the NL Central race with the loss to the Cubs in the first game of their final head-to-head four-game series on September 25.
August 20, 2017 – With six weeks left of the season, the Giants become the first team to be eliminated from a division race, following a 5–2 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies.
It was the Dodgers worst shutout loss since the 2004 season.
He collected a season-high nine combined tackles in the Colts' 23–16 loss at the Baltimore Ravens in Week 16.
He parted company with the Pinhal Novo-based side without any loss and 2 wins in the 2016–17 Campeonato de Portugal.
On 25 October 2021, Cicâldău opened a 1–2 derby loss to reigning champions Beşiktaş at Vodafone Park.
The Cowboys suffered their first MW loss on November 12 at UNLV, rebounded the following week with their win over San Diego State, but lost their conference finale 56–35 at New Mexico on November 26.
It assembled participants from a 1995 New York symposium, The Spoils of War—World War II and Its Aftermath: The Loss, Reappearance, and Recovery of Cultural Property, along with others, and built on the Nazi Gold conference which had been held in London in December 1997.
Biodiversity loss, exposure to pollutants, climate change, and fuel consumption are all issues that threaten human and climate health alike, and are, as such, foci of the field.
They both think Umut is dead after the police bring them his blood-stained T-shirt, and Sarp grows up blaming himself for what happened to his brother and being constantly haunted by his loss.
23 prior to their loss to No.
He recorded career totals of 6.5 sacks and 66 tackles, 10.5 of which were tackles for loss.
Nardole privately reveals that the Doctor is mourning the loss of River Song, but will ultimately recover.
The Browns overcame their loss and defeated the Cincinnati Bengals in the season's final game to win the AFC Central division, but then lost in devastating fashion to the eventual Super Bowl champion Oakland Raiders in the "Red Right 88" game.
While common throughout its range, it is threatened by habitat loss, invasive species, and sea level rise due to global warming.
On 12 February 2021, Veiga scored a penalty against eventual 2021 FIFA Club World Cup winners Chelsea, in a 2-1 loss.
In 2012 Marco Warren played 3 games for the Bermuda U-20s team in the 2012 CONCACAF Gold Cup, his debut coming in a 0–2 loss against Barbados U-20
Matheusinho made his first team debut on 19 March 2016, coming on as a second-half substitute for Tiago Luís in a 0–2 Campeonato Mineiro away loss against Tombense.
He made his senior debut for the club on 28 February 2010, starting in a 1–3 Campeonato Paulista away loss against Grêmio Barueri.
Despite the loss of 3 platoon leaders, Company A of the 1st Battalion moved through the defenses during twilight, accompanied only by its forward observer's tank.
In turn, Benjamin authored a series of critical editorials attacking both cement plants of Concrete for dust pollution, which led to a loss of advertising revenue for his paper.
Cable operators wanted to be compensated for the loss of 200 MHz, which would not include a guard band of 20 MHz to prevent interference.
The Croatian nobles elected Ferdinand I of Habsburg at the 1527 election in Cetin as the new monarch, but continuous Ottoman incursions resulted in a significant loss of territory.
In Round 18 against Brisbane, Montoya was taken from the field during the club's 28-6 loss with an apparent leg injury.
He redshirted as a freshman with the  Boilermakers in 2011, then in 2012, he participated in all 13 games (five starts) and registered 45 tackles (36 solo), 1.0 tackle for loss, two interceptions and 11 passes defensed.
| 2017-01-13 || Loss ||align=left| Wei Rui || Glory of Heroes 6 || Jiyuan, China || Ext.
Faced with this loss of trade, Valencia suffered a severe economic crisis.
After making his senior debut with the reserves in 2003 in the regional leagues, he made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 29 August 2004, starting and scoring his team's only in a 1–3 away loss against Real Zaragoza.
Pamela Mboya was frequently photographed as a hostess with international visitors: during her marriage, she danced with Prince Philip to celebrate Kenya's independence in 1964; after she was widowed, she visited with Coretta Scott King and other survivors of loss by assassination.
She drinks water and bandages her wrist, but then passes out on the floor from blood loss and fatigue.
On January 13, 2019, Knox scored a career-high 31 points with seven rebounds, and two steals in a 108–105 loss to the Philadelphia 76ers.
His league debut followed on 19 September when he came on as a second-half substitute for Orel Mangala in a 2–0 loss to Borussia Mönchengladbach.
He made his career league debut for Zlín on 15 October 2011 in a Czech National Football League 2–0 away loss at Sokolov.
As it articulates loss, the movie also contemplates understanding."
Walden played four quarterbacks in a 41–0 loss to Kansas in 1991.
I sharing the pain of loss, on behalf of the people of Kazakhstan expresses deep condolences to Prayut Chan-o-cha, the royal family and all the people of Thailand".
During the Civil War the Tichbornes were Royalists and as a result suffered loss of property and status during the Commonwealth.
He made his senior league debut for Slovácko on 31 May 2014, in a Czech First League 0–2 home loss against Teplice.
The Broncos' were once again unable to solve their offensive woes, in a 21–0 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers.
The loss moved the Raiders to 4–6 on the season as they remained two games behind the Chiefs in the AFC West.
With the loss, the 49ers fell to 0–6.
 "Hold Your Breath" (song), a song by A Loss for Words
If White decides to defend from the fork by dropping 10...S*54, then Black will check with the powerful 11.B*33, and no matter how White defends, Black will get a promoted bishop by capturing the lance without any loss, winning the position.
This loss pushed the Karachi Kings to the bottom of the table once again.
Latour made his debut in the second division on 8 November 2014, coming on as a late substitute for Francesco Belli in a 1–2 away loss against Perugia.
He made his NHL debut the next day, logging 22:35 minutes of ice time in a 3–0 loss to the Ottawa Senators.
The novel deals with Cardinal's childhood in Algeria, her sense of loss on leaving, her relationship with her mother, mental illness, and recovery through psychoanalysis.
Dallas dropped to 2–3 with the loss, heading into its bye week, while Green Bay improved to 4–1 moving forward with a visit against division rival Minnesota Vikings October 15.
With the loss, the Giants fell to 1-6 and lost to the Seahawks for the fourth straight time.
With the loss, the Redskins began the season 0-1, losing their fifth consecutive season opener.
It is only found in a few places due to habitat loss and is considered to be vulnerable.
The accident marks the 17th hull loss of a Boeing 767.
Just about 20 seconds after the loss of the number 4 engine, the number 1 engine somehow failed.
As a result, the 4th Noratlas (Niki-4) received heavy fire and was shot down two miles short of the runway with the loss of four crew and 27 commandos.
Instead, they identified the key factors as age, significant weight gain or loss, high BMI, whether a woman smoked cigarettes, and the number of pregnancies a woman has had.
In this game, Watt recorded five tackles (all solo), four sacks, three tackles for loss, five quarterback hits and two passes defended.
Between 9 November and 5 March 1913, Brentford lost just three matches, but another loss of form and injuries to the forward line led to seven consecutive defeats in March.
He made his NHL debut with the Stars that night, skating on the fourth-line in a 3–0 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Obesity and dysregulated lipid metabolism in the liver leads to loss of CD4+, but not CD8+ cells, contributing to the induction of liver cancer.
The non-conference game resulted in a loss, giving the conference a 13–8 record against conference opponents to that point in the season.
In the previously shown examples, if the retailer fails to sell some of its inventory, then it suffers a greater financial loss in the VAT scheme in comparison to the sales tax regulatory system by having paid a higher price on the product it wants to sell.
They were less successful in friendlies, with two draws and one loss.
July 15, 2008: After starting the season with seven consecutive wins, the Kansas City Explorers suffered their only loss of the regular season, a 23–17 defeat at home against the New York Buzz.
The Saints were too much for the Panthers as they handed them their first loss of the season, 34–13.
The team was also affected by the loss of defensive end J. J. Watt, who for the second consecutive season was lost early, this time after suffering an injury in Week 5.
 For the second time this season, the Jaguars managed to dominate Indianapolis, winning this game 30-10 and sending the Colts to 3–9, their 3rd straight road loss to the Jaguars.
With their fifth straight loss to the Steelers, the Bengals dropped to 2–4.
The season saw the Browns play in London for the first time in franchise history, in a 33–16 loss to the Minnesota Vikings on October 29.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 0–9, clinching a losing record for the 10th consecutive season, extending their franchise record drought.
After their loss, the Steelers were criticized for looking past the Jaguars and anticipating a rematch with the New England Patriots.
With the exception of a playoff loss in 2005, the Bears had won every meeting at Soldier Field.
Detroit's loss dropped them to 2nd in the NFC North, as the Packers beat the Cowboys later in the day to move to 4–1.
They were pioneer settlers at Murtho irrigation settlement from 1895 to 1898 or 1899, when the venture failed at a substantial loss to all concerned.
The Buckeyes took over the sole lead of the Big Ten East division following the victory and a Michigan State loss to Northwestern.
| 2010-01-29 || Loss ||align=left| Nicolas Wamba || K-1 Kick Tournament in Marseille, Final || Marseille, France || Decision || 3 || 3:00
A £315 loss on the 1909–10 season meant that there was little transfer activity for Brentford manager Fred Halliday to conduct over the course of the 1910 off-season, with half back George Kennedy, full back John Christie and returning outside right Joe Ryalls being the only signings of note.
The main threats for the biodiversity of Georgia are the degradation and loss of habitats and unsustainable use of biological resources, which are also the impacts of the various environmental issues discussed above.
Returning to Furacão in May 2016, Rossetto made his Série A on 30 July by replacing Juninho in a 0–2 loss at Sport.
The first play during each of Ohio State's first three possessions resulted in a Michigan tackle for loss.
The nearest lock on the Edinburgh main line that could control the water loss after a breach is  away at Wyndford, Lock 20.
"2 Million Face Loss of British Rights", Chicago Tribune, March 1, 1968, p3-16
Nigeria has played matches against 92 current and former national teams, with the latest result, a loss against  on 26 June 2018.
He also started for the Ivory Coast U23s in a 5–1 friendly loss to the France U21s.
He debuted in the number 7 jersey in new head coach, Jamie Joseph's first game, a 54-20 loss at home to .
Acosta made his first-team debut on 12 November 2016, starting and being booked in a 0–1 away loss against Gimnàstic de Tarragona in the Segunda División.
The priestly and royal offices remained united under Ptolemy X and his successors, although the priestly title was rarely mentioned in the papyri, as the loss of its eponymous character rendered it irrelevant for dating purposes.
Encompass Integrated Financials links Profit and Loss Accounts, Balance Sheets, and Cash Flow Statements to showcase real-time accounting in a single dashboard.
The Bulls scored 156 runs in 20 overs with a loss of 4 wickets.
Her death is a great loss for our country," wrote one poster.
	Advocacy for disabled clients facing sanctions and loss of benefits, and
The associated resolution loss from sharing the synthetic aperture among different swaths is compensated by collecting radar echoes with multiple displaced azimuth apertures.
The race was the first loss the party had endured in the National Assembly.
records attributed the loss to  Kurt Dobner a fighter pilot of 11./JG 5 based at Banak airfield in a Focke-Wulf Fw 190.
After a bad loss in the United Nations Stakes, he underwent surgery in July to remove his undescended testicle.
Altruism in this case refers to an "intentional action ultimately for the welfare of others that entails at least the possibility of either no benefit or a loss to the actor," and is a highly popularized and desirable concept in many human cultures.
“The Origins of Western Social Science” This paper argues that loss of faith in Christianity led to the re-opening of the major questions concerning the meaning of our lives, the origins of the universe, and standards of conduct.
International Film Festival Rotterdam noted Poet on a Business Trip "is also an historic document that exudes an atmosphere of loss, providing an unsentimental yet melancholy glimpse of a country in transition and a mirror for the existential irreversibility of time."
He made his debut for the Gibraltar national football team on 13 November 2016, in a 3–1 loss against Cyprus.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 23 December 2015, starting in a 0–1 Tercera División away loss against rivals UD Las Palmas Atlético.
Fessenden concluded his coaching career with Montana's best win and loss record.
In his sophomore season, he helped guide the Mavericks to their first showing in the Frozen Four, scoring the team's only goal in a 4–1 loss to the Providence Friars.
Lattimore made his NFL debut on Monday Night Football in the season-opener against the Minnesota Vikings and recorded four solo tackles in the 29–19 loss.
In December, Rankireddy and Shetty qualified for the BWF World Tour Finals for the first time in their career, but withdrew from the tournament after a loss in their first group stage match to the Danish pair of Kim Astrup and Anders Skaarup Rasmussen.
On 4 January 1952 she became stranded on Cap Blanc, Spanish Sahara (), and became a total loss.
After their loss, the duo disbanded again when Ciampa attempted to attack Gargano in a way echoing his original betrayal at TakeOver: Chicago in 2017, only for Gargano to reverse the attack and superkick Ciampa.
Jammeh appealed his loss in the election to the Supreme Court.
[…] We join the people of Cuba today in mourning the loss of this remarkable leader."
This was the fifth time a European country had made the final, with three wins (Denmark in 1995, France in 2001 and 2003), and one loss (Spain in 2013).
Big Sky runner-up  took the berth but suffered a 35-point shutout loss at home.
Their loss to Barisal Burners wasn't too much effective as they went to beat the Kings at their last group stage match to top the points table of group stage.
However, on day 12 Ishiura suffered his second loss to Ikioi and then continued to lose for the rest of the tournament finishing off with a 10–5 record which was enough to win him his first special prize, for Fighting Spirit.
Matches lasted 45 minutes each and the competition followed a point scoring system, whereby each team plays two matches, with three points awarded for a win, none for a loss with penalty shootouts determining the winners of drawn matches.
The War Memorial Library is important in demonstrating the evolution and pattern of Queensland's history, in particular the participation by former students and staff, in World War I, and in common with many other communities, the need to memorialise that participation and loss.
The Safe Schools Coalition released a statement saying it was "grieving the loss of a precious young life and express our deepest sympathies to the family and friends effected and ask that the public respect their right to privacy."
Sensitive to the potential loss of audience due to the change of the show's hosting—Thile said that he knew he would lose some listeners devoted to Keillor, stating at the time that "[the] goal is to lose one million ... and add two.
Segura made his first-team debut on 29 November 2016, starting in a 1–3 home loss against Valencia CF for the season's Copa del Rey.
Houston played in its first-ever Las Vegas Bowl, while San Diego State appeared for a second time, the first being a 1998 loss to North Carolina.
During his time in Oxford, the Rebels went 24–15 and consistently ranked near the top of the FBS in terms of tackles for loss and sacks.
She is an African-Canadian doctor questing to find closure after the loss of her daughter.
It is associated with several unpleasant side effects including appetite loss, nausea, occasional vomiting, lethargy, and drowsiness.
In another interview on December 6, Almena said he was "incredibly sorry" and defended himself against charges of profit-seeking, saying, "This is not profit, this is loss.
The stability problem of this design was worsened in those seas, which eventually led to the loss of Fournier with all hands during a storm in the Straits of Magellan on 22 September 1949.
The first Panthers home game in the stadium was on August 31, 2017, a 17–10 loss to the Tennessee State Tigers in front of an announced sellout crowd of 24,333.
The team's first loss was at No.
At around age three, visual disturbances can develop, and sensorineural hearing loss can occur at around age six.
They finished the season as Conference Champion, with a record of ten wins and one loss (10–1, 4–0 PCAA).
In protonymph stage, loss of function in the legs is due to the feeding stage, where they remain immobile.
Though through the time spent mourning many signs can appear of an animals grief and agony of the loss of their companion.
He debuted with the Sierra Leone national football team in a friendly 2-1 loss to Mauritania on 9 October 2020.
Glasgow's 32 - 0 loss to the South led to calls for the Glasgow District to be partitioned into Glasgow (northwards to Stirling) as a 'city' team and a South-West district (Renfrewshire and Ayrshire to Stranraer and Wigtownshire).
This represented the largest loss of life from the storm which claimed upwards of 60 victims.
On 13 November 2021, Kanu made his debut for Sierra Leone, playing in a 2–0 loss against the Comoros.
Furthermore, a Tempo Loss Bishop Exchange opening is also possible.
The team lost Chuck Person to graduation and the NBA, and tried to offset the loss with sophomore transfer Aundrae Davis from West Virginia, but Davis was dismissed by coach Smith late in the season for violation of team rules.
As oil development and modernization engulfed his reserve, Chief Smallboy was saddened by the increasing use of alcohol and drugs, his people's loss of language due to television and their movement away from traditional rituals and medicines.
In a road match against unranked San Francisco, the Cardinal suffered their second loss of the season, losing by a 1–2 scoreline against the Dons.
In 1983 the company went broke with a staggering loss of public money.
Vlap then made his senior debut for the club on 27 November 2016, coming on as a late, second-half substitute for Kosovar international Arber Zeneli in a 1–0 Eredivisie loss to Ajax.
Graham, J.L., Bauer, C.M., Heidinger,  B.J., Ketterson, E.D., Greives, T.J. (2019) Early‐breeding females experience greater telomere loss.
 The Loss of the Jane Vosper (1936)
He went onto make his senior debut in the same competition on 19 June 2013 in a loss to San Lorenzo.
Frazer took game high scoring honors (19 points) in Panama's 93–88 loss against Bobby Knight's Team USA, at the 1979 Pan American Games.
There, he learns to control his emotions and passes the next year's pro exam without a single loss.
11 of the diwan where 'Amir laments the loss of his eye.
Neurons subject to loss of synaptic connections, chronic exposure to oxidative stress or stress hormones like glucocorticoids will exit G0 and reenter into a cell cycle that is abortive and leads to cell death through apoptosis.
This leads to superficial decarburization and a loss of strength in the surface.
| 2013-02-22 || Loss ||align=left| Chingiz Allazov || Knockout Show || Moscow, Russia || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 ||  3:00   
On November 13, 2018, Okobo was assigned to the Northern Arizona Suns, playing for the team the same night in a loss against the Santa Cruz Warriors, and continued to play with both Phoenix and Northern Arizona throughout 2018.
In Week 15 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Neasman recorded his first career sack on Tom Brady during the 31–27 loss.
He made his senior debut in the thirty-six point loss to  at Etihad Stadium in round six of the 2018 season.
As cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors, CIP/KIP proteins have been classically viewed as tumor suppressors; however, the exact role of CIP/KIP proteins in cancer progression has been difficult to assess because a complete loss of CIP/KIP function has not been observed in any cancers.
They finished the 1989 season as champions of the Big West for the second consecutive year, with a record of eleven wins and one loss (11–1, 7–0 Big West).
He made his debut in the opening match against Austria which finished in a 2–1 loss, and also played in the final match against Wales which ended in victory.
The U.K site is currently not listing cars after a loss of investment.
He made his debut for the club on 18 September 2010 in a 2–2 draw against CSM Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț  He also made an appearance in the 2010–11 Cupa României on 22 September 2010 in a 3–2 loss against CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu in the Round of 32.
Since the normal development is to allow White to make the exchange, the tempo loss from 4.Bx22+ is unnecessary.
Five straight victories made them rise back to third before a matchup with  The  home loss dropped them to ninth, with victories over Kansas and #13 Oklahoma State doing nothing to make them rise nor fall.
On 22 December, he scored a season-best 19 points and eight rebounds in a loss to Saint-Chamond.
In 1932, she ran aground on the Dalmatian coast and became a total loss.
He debuted in a friendly 2–1 loss to the United States on 28 March 2021.
In Week 5 against the Baltimore Ravens, Hilton recorded his first interception of the season off Lamar Jackson in the 23–26 overtime loss.
The album was recorded over a span of several years while on tour with Alt-J, and reflects Green's medical problems with anxiety and major hearing loss due to Alport syndrome.
Tialavea was inactive for the Falcons' 34-28 overtime loss to the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl.
Zero-sum thinking perceives situations as zero-sum games, where one person's gain would be another's loss.
Following the bishop exchange, it is natural for Black to try to take advantage of White's tempo loss with the fast Climbing Silver strategy (which has Black's right silver advanced to the 25 square usually aiming for an edge attack by sacrificing the silver).
In the most recent edition of the tournament, teams received 4 points for a win, 2 for a tie, no result or abandonment, and 0 for a loss.
Samba made his professional debut for AJ Auxerre in a 2–1 loss to Tours FC on 25 November 2016.
Northwestern finished in third place with a 6–1–2 record, its only loss coming against Chicago by an 18–6 score.
Marillat made his professional debut for Nîmes Olympique in a 2–1 Ligue 2 loss to US Orléans on 18 November 2016.
in the Week 2 game against the Baltimore Ravens, he had three receptions for 27 yards and his first NFL touchdown in the 24–10 loss.
Sixteenth-ranked  Tech had to come from behind in the second quarter, and overcome the loss of its first string quarterback, to win against the Richmond Spiders.
In 2012, a case of disseminated aspergillosis in a 5-year-old female English springer spaniel was discovered suffering from vomiting (for seven days), loss of appetite and lethargy.
For the third tournament in a row, Nadal faced Dominic Thiem, this time in the quarterfinal, but his 17–match winning streak was put to an end with a straight sets loss to the young Austrian.
The title track was a song about the tragic loss of ex-bandmember, Steady (Eddie Orange Dasher), when he committed suicide in 2005.
On September 10, 2017, in his NFL debut, Taylor had one reception for eight yards in the season opening 23–3 loss at home to the Carolina Panthers.
Due to the loss, Phogat was removed from the Grand Prix.
He made his professional regular season debut and first career start in the New Orleans Saints' season-opener at the Minnesota Vikings and recorded five combined tackles in their 29–19 loss.
He made his long-awaited return to the first team on the final day of the regular season on 14 May, starting in a 3–0 loss to Bilbao Athletic.
On September 16, in a Week 2 21–18 loss to the New Orleans Saints, Gonzalez missed two field goals and two extra points, including a PAT that would have given the Browns a 19–18 lead.
The result was a 41–0 shutout of the Volunteers, their first shutout since 1994 and their worst home loss in over a century.
bgcolor="ffbbbb" | Freedoms Loss
Points scored: 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss.
He was once on the bench with AZ's first team, in the 3–0 away loss to PSV.
Faced with the loss of his college athletic scholarship, Greg kills Emily.
However, the company entered a decline in the 1950s, as did many urban stores due to loss of custom to suburban malls.
After an absence due to the COVID-19 pandemic, White returned on the 21 August episode of Strong, teaming with Bullet Club partner Chase Owens in a loss to Villain Enterprises (Brody King and Flip Gordon).
After scoring ten goals in only 18 matches (which included braces against CD Praviano and CD Mosconia in October), he made his first team debut on 21 December, replacing Burgui and scoring his team's only in a 1–3 loss at SD Eibar for the season's Copa del Rey.
The non-conference game was a loss, bringing the Big Nine's non-conference record to 12-10-1.
Coca Cola Incident  () is the term that surfaced in December 1976 in Taiwan after a performance against loss of identity.
He made his debut for the club on 29 January, starting in a 1–0 away loss against Nacional Potosí.
On 2 March 2018, he made his Super League debut in a 5–4 home loss against Guangzhou R&F.
Assessed as a total loss, she was successfully salvaged and towed to the Gannon & Benjamin shipyard in Martha's Vineyard.
After guiding the team to safety and being confirmed for one more season, he was however removed from his managerial duties just after the very first game of the season, a 0–6 home loss to Alessandria.
He scored his first goal for Sloboda in a 2–1 away league loss against Borac Banja Luka on 8 December 2019.
Edinburgh District, South and Glasgow District shared the competition with 2 wins and a loss each.
 error concealment (EC) for packet loss in networks
A long and strenuous reconstruction began with lives affected by a sense of loss.
He scored on his league debut in a 1-2 loss to 2016 S.League champions Albirex Niigata Singapore FC after he was set up by fellow new signing Ivan Jakov Džoni.
The prince sent Platen on a successful marauding expedition with Frederick William von Kleist to the Bamberg area; afterward, Platen joined the King's army for the Prussian loss at Kunersdorf.
With this loss, the Irish dropped out of the College Football Playoff conversation.
If the holder of a driving permit or provisional permit suffers the loss of use of an eye or limb, his permit can be revoked.
scholars) have suffered loss of life and decay of their bones as the result of taking them."
The role of cell death is the maintenance of tissue and organ homeostasis , for example, the regular loss of skin cells or a more active role seen in involuting tissues like the thymus.
He made his La Liga debut on 17 April 2018, replacing José Naranjo in a 1–2 loss against Villarreal CF.
Following the loss, Smith says he's going to retire from MMA competition after a more than six-year career.
5 Georgia Tech in Birmingham, giving the Yellow Jackets their first conference loss since 1950.
She scored the lone Mexican goal in Mexico's 4–1 friendly loss to the United States on 5 April 2018.
PETA denies that ending the jallikattu event will lead to the loss of the native bull, and has pointed out that bulls can be used as studs regardless of whether or not they are engaged in jallikattu.
A result of human labour has effected the environment in terms of habitat loss throughout wildlife.
The mixture of processes responsible for most of the land loss will vary according to the specific part of a coastal plain being examined.
Hydraulic structures and sea level rise are also playing a role in the loss of the delta.
The Barentsburg coal mine on the Norwegian island of Svalbard is open, but has operated at a loss for many years.
He made his full international debut on 4 June 2016, in a 1–0 home loss to the Dominican Republic.
Citing the plane crash and the subsequent loss, Weeden called it "one of the hardest days in Oklahoma State history."
Less production is responsible for much of this job loss, but improved mining techniques like mountain-top removal also contributed.
Patients typically become symptomatic in their 40s due to loss of central vision.
Across the channel on Atsena Otie Key, the Eberhard Faber mill lost 3,000 cases of cedar slats, as well as unprocessed timbers, at a loss of around $40,000 (equivalent to $ million in ).
When al-Kamil received news of the loss of Mecca, he sent out a large force from Egypt led by Fakhr al-Din ibn al-Shaykh and ordered Sharif Abu Sa'd al-Hasan, Emir of Yanbu, and Sharif Shihah, Emir of Medina, to assist in recapturing Mecca.
Heggie picked out "What lips my lips have kissed" for his album because he thought that Edna St. Vincent Millay's "timeless testament to love, loss and perseverance" was the heart of the cycle as a whole.
and scoring in an eventual 3–2 loss.
The latter phenomenon can be temporary or permanent, depending on whether the environmental degradation that leads to the loss is reversible through ecological restoration/ecological resilience or effectively permanent (e.g.
According to the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, invasive species are considered one of the top five factors which result in biodiversity loss.
Marine species richness loss 
Furthermore, conservation based models like the Global Safety Net are continuously being developed to consider the ecological connections that need to be addressed to effectively mitigate biodiversity loss.
These environmental concerns include; climate change, soil depletion, deforestation, loss of food sovereignty, declining biodiversity and contamination of freshwater.
The loss left the Scarlet Knights with an 0–1 record.
It was a crushing homecoming defeat for the Bearcats, their 8th straight conference loss and a year to day since they notched a win in conference.
The cruiser sank very quickly in position 33°20' N, 26°35' E, after being hit by two torpedoes on the starboard side, with the loss of 148 crewmen, while the 310 survivors were rescued by the destroyer Hereward.
The non-conference games resulted in one win and one loss, bringing the conference's record against non-conference opponents to 13–15 on the season.
Ishii made his first challenge for the KO-D Tag Team Championship in November, teaming with Danshoku Dino in a loss to defending champions Kudo and Yasu Urano.
The squad finished fourth overall with a loss in the third/fourth place play-off against FC Lorient.
Newell debuted her Luchadora The Explorer character on 24 January 2015, teaming with Brookes in a loss to The Anti-Fun Police (Damian Dunne and Ryan Smile).
He eventually made his debut, on 19 November 2016, playing the full game at right-back in a 0–1 loss to Spezia.
She followed this up with a first round loss in Eastbourne to Barbora Strýcová, only managing to win one game.
She then lost in the quarterfinals of Cincinnati to Karolína Plíšková, before a surprise loss to Ekaterina Makarova ended her US Open campaign in the second round.
The non-conference games resulted in one win and one loss, giving the Big Ten a 13–7 record in non-conference games played to that date.
It would have resulted in significant pain, blood loss and inflammation of the wound.
Aloisio Sako, a leading member of the independentist FLNKS and president of the Pacific Democratic Rally, a political party representing ethnic Wallians and Futunians in New Caledonia, was optimistic about what he saw as a narrow loss for his side, saying "We're a short step away from victory and there are still two votes to come".
At NXT TakeOver: New York, Dream defeated Matt Riddle to retain the championship, handing Riddle his first loss in NXT.
On 13 August 2017, Odey made his debut for Nigeria, as a substitute, in a 1–0 loss against Benin.
Time-outs ensure that the clocks can detect the loss of PTP messages also on the unused path.
His first goal in French football came for Nice II, in a loss to Stade Montois on 28 October.
The loss to the Dodgers began a six-game losing streak, before the team traded wins with the Eagles to cap a 2–7–2 season in which they scored a total of just 60 points.
He carried the ball twice for a loss of one yard.
On 23 June 2021, Klimala scored his first goal for New York in a 3-2 loss to New England Revolution.
Graedon's initial inspiration for the novel was an experience while she was in college, a fire that started in a neighbor's house burned her apartment, including all her books, leading her to contemplate loss of the printed word.
Damage to the parietal lobe causes the loss of the ability to locate objects in space.
They have been spaces for intergenerational community building, where women had the opportunity to come out without being "outed", which can result in the loss of jobs, family, and social status.
Loss coefficient data included in his book were verified, as far as possible, against experiments at BHRA and/or the work of a number of groups around the world that had contributed experimental results over an extended period.
With help Memling reached port, but she was written off as a constructive total loss and scrapped.
In his next game, Ball posted another triple-double with 25 points, 12 rebounds and 10 assists but was held to 10-of-28 shooting in a loss to the New Zealand Breakers.
Ohio State's sole loss was to Notre Dame by an 18-13 score.
Bordi made his debut for Robur on 31 July 2016, just days after joining his new team, and played the full 90 minutes of a 0-3 Coppa Italia loss to Messina.
He made his first-career interception, coming against rival Florida in the third quarter of the 10–9 loss.
Galloway's hearing loss is progressive, and she expects to go completely deaf in the future, which is one motivation for her work.
Threats to the species include habitat loss due to urbanisation, weed invasion and disease caused by Phytophthora cinnamomi.
Marinoff was Adelaide's best player in its loss to the  in round 6 and was selected in womens.afls Team of the Week for that round.
This left Chaltin's expedition as the spearhead for Leopold's northern campaign, and the commandant continued his mission despite the grave loss of Dhanis' forces.
As a result, Pacific's loss to UNLV turns into a forfeit win and their record is adjusted to 4–8, 2–4 PCAA.
On December 30, he scored 45 points in an 88–78 loss to Mater Dei High School at the Rancho Mirage Holiday Invitational National Division championship.
With his ship reduced to a helpless wreck, Marotta gave the few survivors the order to abandon ship; he then passed out from blood loss and was carried to a raft by his men.
He had a four-yard reception in the 26–13 loss.
Levan was set free, but he remained deeply offended by the loss of his wife; hence, his enmity with Bagrat perpetuated.
The car has been aerodynamically refined in order to eliminate any turbulence arising from the loss of a fixed roof.
The Nittany Lions were also coming off their first Big Ten loss, having blown a lead against Ohio State the prior week.
Such a move shocked several pundits, who believed Wisconsin could survive a close loss and still make the playoff at a lower seed.
However, that week they were defeated handily by Auburn for their first loss of the year.
3 points per win, 1 point per draw and 0 points per loss.
On 20 September 2013 The New York Times reported that The Art Loss Register has drawn criticism from those who say its hardball tactics push ethical, and sometimes legal, boundaries.
In December 2016, he competed in Pro Wrestling Noah for the first time since 2005, teaming with Ricky Fuji in a loss to Daisuke Harada and Akitoshi Saito.
The Portuguese took the king at his word, fitted out an expedition, and proceeded to the Kelantan River where they attacked and captured three junks owned by Pahang merchants, killing seventy four of the enemy, with a loss of only three of their men.
Within 30 minutes, the building burned to the ground, with no loss of life.
Initially Foster was at a loss to understand why with the aid of the closed doors the atmospheric current, which should have run into the bottom level, had not cleared the shaft so as to make descent below the 115 fathom level possible.
Kökdeş was depressed because of the loss of her brother, her closest music supporter and helper.
The university's benefactor, James Buchanan Duke, died on October 10, 1925, the same day as a 41-0 loss to North Carolina.
She abruptly ended her political career in 2003, a month before that year's elections were called, after she was diagnosed with kidney cancer while pregnant, forcing an early birth a month later and eventually leading to the loss of both kidneys.
Prior to 2002, the largest margin of defeat against the Tar Heels in the Dean Smith Center was set in a 20-point loss against Duke in 1999.
Round 12: The club suffered their biggest ever loss (to PNG Hunters 42-4).
In the midst of his final junior season in the QMJHL, Boikov returned to the junior set-up in featuring in the 2016 World Junior Championships, taking home a silver medal in the tournament after the teams overtime loss in the Championship game to host's Finland.
Because Sal Stowers was also grieving the loss of her grandmother, Archey "wanted to make sure Sal was okay, just like Eli was with Lani, helping her through the process."
The loss had a dramatic effect on Minnesota sports culture, as the 1998 Vikings were considered the team most likely to deliver a Super Bowl championship to a franchise that had already suffered multiple heartbreaking defeats.
He made his professional debut in a 0–1 loss to Genk on 21 January 2017.
The game gave the Aggies their first loss in two years and closed another undefeated season for Texas.
However, Texas lost to the #8 West Virginia Mountaineers and a lopsided 63–21 loss to the #13 Oklahoma Sooners.
Peshawar completed their innings, scoring 117 runs for the loss of three wickets from their 16 overs but, following further rain, the match was abandoned without any of Quetta's innings being possible.
Lomax made his debut for the side against the Blues, coming off the bench in a 58–16 loss for the Rebels.
The road trip ended with yet another 3–2 loss, to New England Revolution and yet another draw in Los Angeles, this time a 2–2 affair against LA Galaxy.
He made his first start for the Lakers a day later, scoring six points in a 118–116 loss to the Philadelphia 76ers.
A history of diabetic symptoms such as polydipsia, polyuria and weight loss may sometimes, but not always, be present.
In 1921, the 35th Division historian, Harry Davson, wrote that the loss of contact with the 34th Division on the right had allowed German troops to retreat, then fire on the 35th Division troops from the flanks and from behind.
Furthermore, isometric movements are less effective than compound movements at encouraging muscle fibre growth and increased metabolic rate that will help reach weight loss goals.
A few seconds afterward there was a loss of pressure in the helium tank, after which they exploded, causing a complete failure of the mission.
Feticide is a related but distinct phenomenon by which physical or psychological trauma mediated by male behavior results in fetal loss.
The most valuable loss was that of the famous Christ of the Waters, protagonist of an old legend.
He made his Test debut in Australia’s win over New Zealand at WIN Stadium, Wollongong, and also played in Australia’s following match, an unexpected loss to Tonga at Eden Park in Auckland.
Papali'i played from the bench in the clubs 27-12 elimination final loss against Penrith.
It was the last heavy bomber of the 8th Air Force lost over Germany during World War II, and the only loss of this mission.
Despite these odds, VF-32 shot down 21 enemy aircraft without suffering a single loss.
On 30 May 2019, he made his debut in a 2–1 friendly game away loss against Turkey.
At Survivor Series, Seth Rollins served as the captain of Team Raw for the men's Survivor Series elimination match, but questioned Kevin Owens' loyalty to the team due to Owens appearing at NXT TakeOver: WarGames; Raw suffered a devastating loss at Survivor Series, only winning one of the seven interbrand matches.
In 1793 the case of Tarleton and others vs. McGauley came to trial with the plaintiffs suing McGauley for loss of trade.
Change in crystal growth forms that are interpreted to occur as a result of this loss in pressure are known as "pressure-quenching" textures.
A month later, on January 8, she became the fastest player in Pac-12 history to reach 1,000 points, hitting the milestone in a loss to eventual Elite Eight participant Oregon.
Elaborating on this, Blishen wrote that Gowan's actions "portray women in a humiliating manner as sex objects, with the resulting loss of dignity."
He would break that amount on November 30 with 28 points scored in a loss to the Detroit Pistons.
On 5 March, Antuna made his professional debut in the Liga MX entering as a substitute in a 2–1 loss to Pumas UNAM.
A one-nil win in Lisbon followed a 5–0 loss in Montevideo.
It generated a loss while its annual revenue was about 60 million rubles, according to Vedomosti.
Formerly common, the numbers of this vulnerable species have declined because of overfishing, dams (limiting its breeding migration), habitat loss and pollution.
He made his professional debut in the Eerste Divisie for Helmond Sport on 9 February 2015 in a 0–5 loss to Sparta Rotterdam.
The next day, he kicked an extra point in the second quarter of a 23-7 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
He made his senior debut with Cyprus a month later, in a 2–1 friendly loss to Czech Republic on 7 October.
Says DeFreitas, "Some of the major themes in my practice are mourning and loss, matrilineal narratives, post memory, and cultural identity".
Malcolm Blight resigned as coach at the end of the season, to be replaced by Gary Ayres, while popular defender (and inaugural leading goalkicker) Rod Jameson also played his final game in Adelaide's round 22 loss to the  (newly renamed from North Melbourne).
He made his NBA debut on October 29, 2017, playing four minutes and recording two rebounds in a 124–111 loss over the Denver Nuggets.
A suit will lie against the shipper if the goods are damaged through insufficient packing, or if any loss is suffered through insufficient labelling.
He followed up with wins in the Classico Jose Calmon on March 2 and the Group III Mario de Azevedo Ribeiro on March 31 before suffering his first loss in the Group II Conde de Herzberg on May 26.
Dodd has a cataleptic shock and goes insane on realizing his loss.
Cuomo made his professional debut for Crotone in a Serie A 3–0 loss to Napoli on 12 March 2017.
The following day, Kitamura teamed with Katsuyori Shibata and Yuji Nagata in a loss to TenCozy (Satoshi Kojima and Hiroyoshi Tenzan) and Juice Robinson.
Later that same month, after an overtime loss to the defending champion Golden State Warriors, Ball criticized Walton again in a post-game interview with ESPN.
Whetham suffered from hearing loss after a fall when she was an infant.
He added that his "players don't fear big teams" because they know that they are big too though recovering from a 2–1 loss to Soana where substitute Shaban scored the consolation on 29 April 2017.
The subsequent tsunami caused substantial damage and loss of life in Samoa, American Samoa, and Tonga.
In May 2007, Hibbard gave a Time magazine interview where she denounced the methods used on The Biggest Loser and brought light to the unhealthy techniques used to cut weight for the show, starting her career in activism for body acceptance and critical analysis of weight loss reality television.
As described in a catalogue essay by curator Abigail Lapin Dardashti, both Charlier's and Freddy Rodriguez's paintings "focus on the island's history of maroons - communities of runaway slaves that settled mountainous areas of the island," and reflect on the loss of history and amnesia of race due to Trujillo's "whitening" campaign.
Eno's success spawned many competitors in both Great Britain and the United States, including Abbey's Effervescent  Salts, Dunn's Fruit Salt, Slaven's California Fruit Salt, and Dr. Edison Obesity Fruit Salts, for which in 1897 performer Alice J. Shaw became one of the earliest celebrity spokespersons for a weight loss product.
UNLV's season-opening loss to Howard represented the largest upset in college football history in terms of point spread.
Early woes at their temporary home of Wembley saw the London club's hopes of challenging for the title diminish once again, with a loss of late form and fitness costing striker Harry Kane a third successive Golden Boot.
A week later, they defeated Rio Ave and cut the distance to Sporting to five points, due to their rivals loss in the same match-day.
In the resulting Cabinet meeting on naval deployments on 7 September, Thorneycroft and Mountbatten argued the case for the forcing of the Strait with the task force, acknowledging that though the carrier would be at risk of severe damage or loss, preventing Sukarno from achieving a victory of brinkmanship was worth the peril.
The loss dropped the Spartans out of first place in the Big Ten and dropped them from the number 1 ranking in the country as they fell to 15–2, 3–1 overall.
Vapor recovery towers (VRT) have been posed as a potential solution for vapor loss via thief hatches.
Simons is also a co-developer of “Critical Loss Analysis,” a technique for market definition that has been incorporated into the Department of Justice and FTC Merger Guidelines, as well as applied in numerous court decisions.
Butler earned a recall to AFL level in round 11, kicking two goals in a loss to .
In June 2014 he joined Club Atlético Fénix in the Primera B Metropolitana, but only made his professional debut on 17 February of the following year by starting in a 1–2 home loss against Club Atlético Brown.
During the period from 2004 to 2011 the ecoregion experienced an annual rate of habitat loss of 0.51%.
In his eighth AFL match, he kicked three goals and recorded fourteen disposals and five marks in the fourteen point loss to  at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in round nine to be named in AFL Media's team of the week.
It said that the city was "synonymous with deindustrialisation", for the effects there of loss of heavy industry and related jobs.
The flight and loss of Discoverer 2 was the inspiration for the book and film Ice Station Zebra.
He was set to miss up to 6 weeks but was able to return for Geelong's loss to  in Round 18.
Redenut made his debut for the national team on March 23, 2017, in their 2–1 loss against Tahiti.
This mixture is used to infill areas of loss and feathers are replaced where possible with a wheat starch paste adhesive.
Fuchsmann's insurance paid only 20% of the coin's value, arguing that negligence by the museum was to blame for the loss.
On December 9, 2017, Trent Jr. scored 25 points in an 89–84 loss against Boston College, where he also tied the Duke Freshman record for six three point shots made.
On November 29, Young scored 49 points, including 21 points in the fourth quarter, in a 105–104 overtime loss to the Indiana Pacers.
On November 3, Mitchell scored a then season-high 36 points in a 105–94 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
Feeding by adult flies may cause irritation through  acute stress from painful bites, resulting in loss of grazing time and reduced gain in weight.
Cunha made his professional debut in the Segunda Liga for Braga B on 30 September 2015 in a 1–0 loss at Covilhã.
He accumulated 56.5 tackles for loss, 47 QB hurries and 119 solo tackles in his college career at Youngstown State.
The match ended in a 3–2 loss for the Dutch side.
Escobar experienced the loss of her own mother before the idea for the play came to her in a dream.
Siege of Dunboy 5–18 June – Dunboy was a stronghold of Donal Cam O'Sullivan Beare, After the loss at Kinsale.
The 2017-18 financial year (FY) Marginal Loss Factor (MLF) of 1.2841 to 1.0603 (2018-19 FY MLF) affected revenue.
Mediastinal shift may be caused by volume expansion on one side of the thorax, volume loss on one side of the thorax, mediastinal masses and vertebral or chest wall abnormalities.
Allison regains consciousness on an operating table where Powell explains he has found a way to defy death after the loss of his daughter Sarah.
Williamson made his professional debut three months later on January 22, 2020 in a 121–117 loss to the San Antonio Spurs.
In the January 1 Big Ten conference opener against Iowa, Wilson posted a career-high 28 points and 14 rebounds in an 83–86 overtime loss.
She was fortunate to survive a storm that wrecked some 30 ships at Balaklava with the loss of over a thousand lives.
He made his Série A debut the following 2 June, starting in a 1–0 home loss against Cruzeiro.
Aman made his international debut for Brunei in a 6-1 loss to Cambodia in November 2015.
In February, Benfica was knocked-out of the Portuguese Cup with a 2–1 loss with Braga, a defeat that Mortimore rated as fair.
After the death of Céspedes's brothers and father, the uncontrolled persecution against her family and the loss of all their goods caused her to move to Santa Isabel de las Lajas where she died on November 2, 1874.
He introduced the term of Energy-Aware Robotics, rather than using the term passivity, because the term passivity is usually wrongly associated to a loss of performance in control, which is not the case.
The game was played in Fresno, California and resulted in the only blemish on the Pacific schedule, a 12–7 loss.
The stories have been described as, “Everyday situations and people reveal extraordinary facets.” In an interview with The New Indian Express the author mentions "Loneliness of life in big cities; horrors of war; love, loss, longing and hope; artistic integrity versus commercial success are some of the varying themes in the stories."
Dudley Hewitt Cup: Round Robin Games - Defeated Powassan Voodoos (5-1), Shootout loss Georgetown Raiders (0-1)
Morrice counterclaimed that Cornec broke his contract with a campaign of disparagement against Quinn resulting in the loss of a $100 million investment from Dubai.
That's an average score of 1–44, and included a shutout loss to the Stanford Freshman team of 0–79.
The greatest loss for the library was to the periodicals on the tables.
Citing dicta from Hambly v. Trott the King's Bench court held that the only action that died with the defendant was actions where the defendant had caused a loss to the plaintiff.
He made his Primera B Metropolitana debut on 9 August in a loss against Tristán Suárez.
Degradation of dynamic position control, also known as runoff, can be a threat to safe diving operations, including possible injury or loss of life.
One result from his dissertation was proof that an on-off energy distribution has negligible loss compared to an exact water-filling shape, "as long as it uses the same or nearly the same transmission band as water-filling".
Miami would eventually kick the game winning field goal giving the Jackets their 2nd loss of the season.
Their loss at home after leading 3–2 in the series was the first time that had happened since 2009.
After losing his starting spot to Steward Ceus Pouaty reclaimed his spot on April 4, 2018 in a 1-0 loss to Swope Park Rangers.
They had worked out that a loss would still result in them winning the league as long as their opponents, who were second in the league, did not score any batting or bowling bonus points.
The loss dropped the Huskies to 2–2 on the season as they got read for MAC play.
As a result, those supplier companies got bankrupted and incurred a great loss resulting shutdown of their factories.
On October 17, 2021, Penny recorded his first rushing touchdown for the New York Giants against the Los Angeles Rams in a 38-11 loss.
Boise State finished with a 9–3 overall record, with a 7–1 conference record, with their only conference loss coming to Fresno State in the final week of the regular season, whom they face again in the championship game.
On October 19, 2018, Johnson made his NBA debut vs the Milwaukee Bucks and scored two points in four minutes of play in a 118–101 loss.
On November 19, 2016, Tomlinson collected a career-high eight combined tackle and was credited with an assist for a tackle for a loss during a 31-3 win against Chattanooga.
Elfrid Payton recorded a triple-double with 13 points, 12 assists, and 11 rebounds in only his third game with the Suns in a 107–97 loss to the Utah Jazz on February 14, 2018.
Center Tyson Chandler became only the fifth Suns player in franchise history to record 10,000 rebounds throughout an entire career, joining Paul Silas, Charles Barkley, Shawn Marion, and Shaquille O'Neal on January 14, 2018 in a blowout loss against the Indiana Pacers.
In a 44–80 loss to Mater Dei on February 17, he scored 20 points in a matchup with Bol Bol, son of former NBA player Manute Bol.
Chenkam made his Sounders 2 debut on 26 March 2017, coming on as a substitute in the 73rd minute of the season opening 2–1 loss to Sacramento.
A midfielder/half forward, Polson made his debut in the ninety point loss against  at the Adelaide Oval in round five of the 2017 season, in what was his only senior match of his debut season.
Both felt it was important to portray a woman's point of view when dealing with the challenge of moving on after a devastating loss.
Deadline Hollywood calculated the net loss of the film to be $133million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.
Then after Anderson was dropped for a 3-yard loss, Goff's 6-yard pass to Higbee moved the ball to the Saints' 39-yard line.
Kittle made his NFL debut in the 49ers' season-opener against the Carolina Panthers and caught five passes for 27 yards in a 23–3 loss.
This stigma results in identity loss, not being able to know where you belong and how to fit in.
In the midst of the final battle, a delirious Kei, near death due to the loss of his Sturm Organ, attempts to menace Leito's family, only to be confronted by Laiha, who defeats him in a swordfight.
Guided by coach Leon Moses Sr., Tryums record for the season 2014 - 2015 season: 19 Wins, 2 Draws, 1 Loss, 59 Points, 90 Goals Scored, 2nd Place.
He started the game and played the whole match in a 5–0 away loss, during which he scored an own goal in the 51st minute.
Peats scored his first try in first grade in the Bulldogs' 18–16 loss to the Canberra Raiders at Bruce Stadium in round 9 of the 1991 season.
One notable exception  occurs in the setting of caloric restriction: exercise suppression of MAT does not yield an increase in bone formation and even appears to cause bone loss.
Neville interrupted and said that Titus was only concerned with making money, and not the safety of his own clients, as demonstrated by the loss Titus Worldwide member Apollo Crews received from Braun Strowman on the previous night's episode of Raw.
At 18 years old, he began undergraduate studies in Psychology at Washington University St. Louis where he worked with John A. McGeoch, a functionalist, who performed studies exploring how the distribution of practice, rest and interpolated learning affects the formation and loss of association.
On January 6, 2018, Johnson started his first career playoff game and recorded six combined tackles in the Rams' 26-13 loss to the Atlanta Falcons in the NFC Wildcard Game.
Jones finished the Seahawks’ 17–14 loss to the Washington Redskins with three combined tackles and was also credited with half a sack.
However, the inhibition of sex hormone production by NK3 receptor inactivation tends to be less complete and "non-castrating" relative to that of GnRH modulators, and so they may have a reduced incidence of menopausal-like side effects such as loss of bone mineral density.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Washington Redskins' season-opening 30–17 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles.
In the next game against the Houston Texans, Brown recorded his first interception of the season off a pass thrown by Deshaun Watson in the 24–21 loss.
The following week, he caught his first NFL receiving touchdown and ran for another in a 24–27 loss to Seattle.
He collected 86 tackles (second on the team), 2 tackles for loss, one pass defensed and did not force any turnovers.
His first appearance for the first-team came in the Scottish League Cup, where he came on as a 78th-minute substitute for Michael Moffat in the 5–1 loss to Inverness Caledonian Thistle at East End Park.
In Week 13 against the New York Giants, Carson recorded 110 yards from scrimmage and a receiving touchdown during the 17–12 loss.
He made his professional regular season debut in the Cleveland Browns' season-opening 21-18 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
In 2015, he played in 12 games and finished the season with 54 tackles, 8.5 for loss and 5.0 sacks.
| 2016-10-08 || Loss ||align=left| Jesus Romero || Enfusion Live Madrid, Semi Final|| Madrid, Spain || Decision (unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
In Week 10 against the New England Patriots, Skura's snaps led to three botched quarterback-center exchanges during the 23–17 loss.
He led his team with 9.5 sacks as a junior, and recorded eleven tackles for loss while leading his Texas Christian University team with eight quarterback sacks as a senior.
After this loss, Rui participated in the 2014 Wu Lin Feng tournament, to determine the 63 kg International champion.
The play follows Allison, a mother, as she struggles to simultaneously balance her sense of self, her mental health, her familial relationships, her loss of faith and a skin condition that leaves her susceptible to burns.
Lauren disagrees and just needed a couple of hours to deal with her loss her way.
The wreck of the merchant ship Lord Ashburton in 1857 on the northern tip of Grand Manan, with the loss of 21 lives, led the New Brunswick Legislative Assembly to call for "a Light House to be erected on the Northern Head of Grand Manan".
While they lost all four, the stiff competition prepared them well for the Big South, where they swept the rest of the teams en route to another NCAA tournament appearance, an 18-4 loss to Notre Dame.
Eventually Tsang was able to overcome his loss, survive, and kept going up steadily after that.
She made her senior debut on June 15 that year in a 0–3 friendly away loss to Uruguay.
He made his debut in a 1–0 loss to Nagano Parceiro.
Expósito subsequently became a regular starter for the reserve side, and was first included in a first team matchday squad on 2 April 2017, being an unused substitute in a 0–3 La Liga away loss against Valencia CF.
He was dismissed on 23 October 2017 after a 6–1 away loss to FC Porto, with the team in that same position and eliminated from the Taça de Portugal.
The following game, he scored 38 points while adding eight rebounds, two assists and one steal in a 144–140 loss to the Texas Legends.
The results included a 5–0 defeat at Brentford, and a 2–0 loss at home to Barnsley, during which Cotterill was given a police escort off the field and objects including a plastic bottle were thrown at him.
He made his senior debut on 5 March 2017 in a 4–0 home loss against Eastern, coming on as a substitute for Yang Ziyi in the 69th minute.
Following the primary loss, she withdrew her candidacy in the overlapping regular 2020 primary election for the same congressional seat.
In Week 2 against the Dallas Cowboys, Koo made all four of his field goal attempts, and all three of his extra points in the 39–40 loss.
The Convoy left New York on 6 August, heavily escorted by 19 US Navy destroyers, and reached the Clyde without loss on 17 August.
Points allocated will be 2 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 for a loss and -2 for a walkover.
So that was a tough loss.”
Holy Cross's sole loss on the year came on a road trip to Carnegie Tech, where a missed extra point by the Crusaders prevented the tie.
City got one back in the 84th from Bernardo Silva and another from İlkay Gündoğan in the 91st put it at 4–3, but the Reds held on and doled City their first loss of the league season.
This was a huge loss for Visser who later said: "Ze was mijn beste vriend, ik zal haar nooit vergeten" or in English "She was my best friend - I will never forget her".
She made her debut in the fifteen point loss to  at Casey Fields in the opening round of the 2017 season.
She returned for the five point loss to  at Blacktown International Sportspark Oval in round five,  which was her last match for the year and she finished the season with three games.
What drives the loss of carbon dioxide and thus the oversaturation is not clear but may involve photosynthesis by algae.
In 2015, HiPay reported a  consolidated net loss of €2.8 million and revenue of €25.8 million, a 12% increase from 2014.
They ended the season on the road with an 11–2 loss to the Hopkinsville Hoppers on September 16.
This prevents the need of rapid gene loss to speed up homeologous chromosome diversification.
Pahang lost the Piala FA Final to Kedah after a 2–3 loss on 20 May.
In his second appearance at CKCW, Mendoza teamed with Pérez in a loss to the team known as Stateline.
His stay however was brief, as he resigned from his post in September 2004 after a 6–1 loss from Alki Larnaca.
Despite the heartbreaking loss in the previous year there was optimism in ÍR for the 2018–19 season.
In October 2015, Yankii Nichokenju took part in All Japan Pro Wrestling's Jr. Tag Battle of Glory, where they finished second with a record of two wins, one draw and one loss, suffered against Atsushi Aoki and Hikaru Sato in their last round-robin match, the de facto final of the tournament.
It would last just one match however, with Bolton immediately dropped back to VFL level following a goalless nine disposal performance in the round 17 loss to .
On 29 September 2018, during a 3–2 loss to West Bromwich Albion, Harrop suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury, which kept him out for the rest of the season.
In the International Championship Yuan suffered an agonising loss on the final black to Shaun Murphy 6–5, despite making 8 breaks over 50.
After that loss, the team was taken by Clubul Sportiv Școlar Tecuci and changed its name.
Loss of traction of a single rear wheel, even while going straight, can cause roll-over accidents, with some serious injuries reported, whereas with a pair of wheels, one wheel can lose traction but the other still provides some direction control.
Boselli was called up to the Uruguay U20 side for the first time in March 2017, and made his debut as a substitute for Nicolás De La Cruz in a 1–0 friendly loss to Argentina.
Benfica was eliminated from European competitions after a 2–0 away loss to CSKA Moscow.
All members of the crew were removed safely, but the vessel, insured with Lloyd's of London for $40,000, was declared a total loss.
On 2 March, having taken the place of injured Seydou Doumbia late into the first half, he equalised for the visitors a few minutes after taking the pitch but in a 2–1 away loss to Porto– in the process, he became the club's youngest-ever scorer against that opposition.
The battalion suffered a loss of 248 men who were killed during the attack.
On November 17, he recorded another double-double by scoring 30 points, to go with 10 rebounds, in a 122–113 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
However, late tries to Hitro Okesene and Richie Blackmore (his second), both converted by Matthew Ridge who also landed a field goal in the dying moments, saved the Kiwis from an embarrassing loss.
November 8 - After the best start in team history (8-0-2), the Detroit Red Wings suffered the first loss of their 1962–63 season, falling 4–1 to the Montreal Canadiens.
On December 3, 2016, the Lynx handed Liberty its first ACHA home loss in more than two calendar years.
He made his MLS debut on August 4, 2018, starting in a 2-1 loss to Real Salt Lake, making 8 saves and allowing 2 goals.
Vladimir stayed in a coma for about 12 years, suffering a head trauma and a memory loss of any knowledge of the events that happened on that day.
Wuetschner kicked two goals during Brisbane's six-point loss to Adelaide in the 2017 grand final.
Those who made "Two Against Time" imagine we've never seen any of those films and that hair loss from chemotherapy is going to come as a shock.
After his election loss, Trump persistently undermined the election results in the weeks leading to Joe Biden's inauguration.
The Affordable Care Act requires insurers to maintain medical loss ratios of at least 80%.
Liu made his international debut in a 2–0 away loss to Cambodia, replacing Lin Che-yu in the 77th minute.
The team played its first game on 2 June 2017, but a narrow 2–1 loss against Great Britain, then later lost 3–2 to Bermuda in their second game on 3 June 2017.
To cope with her loss, over the years, she builds various AI robots modelled after him, naming them Nam Shin I, II and III.
During its deployment in Korea, the regiment claimed 39 UN aircraft, including 18 fighter-bombers and 21 fighters, for the loss of 12 MiGs and seven pilots.
February 7 – Chrysler released its 1979 fourth quarter results, showing a loss of $375 million in the final three months.
He had another strong showing on January 25, 2013, when he put up 30 points in a loss to the Surrey Scorchers.
NPM Agent IP starts active probes using Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) or Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) Ping and the roundtrip time for a ping between two nodes is used to calculate network performance metrics such as packet loss and link latency.
After the loss of his publican's license, Herbert also earned his living as a wagoner.
Wedisinghe went to Japan in 1988 after his loss with the help of fellow countryman, Dilantha Malagamuwa, and was able to establish himself as a motorcycle rider.
To compensate for the loss of income, herders are entitled to subsidies based on a flat rate of 6 RMB per mu of pasture.
Their heartbreak causes Margaret to grow more distant with Bert, while he himself becomes convinced that his loss is a karmic consequence of his inaction when witnessing war atrocities in Ukraine, and the film leaves them still working through the resulting difficulties in their marriage.
Their second championship reign lasted another four months until the team's loss to Little Guido Maritato and "Latin Fury" Luis Ortiz in Lynn, Massachusetts on August 10, 2001.
After scoring in a 3–1 loss to China in an under 17 match on July 12, 2017, Huitema became the first Canadian to score for the under 17, under 20 and senior national team in the same calendar year.
Either Cornelius Priscus had a lengthy wait between his praetorship (which he would have reached no earlier than 93); or he was rehabilitated after the loss of the legion to which he was attached in 92, in order for Trajan to give him command of a legion.
That year the Indonesia Warriors finished with a record of 9 wins and 11 loss and missed the 2014 ABL playoff.
Due to the progressive loss of traffic on branch lines from Bad Oldesloe from 1959, the north-western part of the station became superfluous.
After World War I, when the Restoration of Pre-War Practices Act 1919 meant loss of employment for many skilled women engineers, the Women's Engineering Society was formed in 1919, and Margaret Rowbotham was a founding signatory and member alongside Rachel Parsons; Lady Katharine Parsons; Margaret, Lady Moir; Laura Annie Willson and Janetta Mary Ornsby.
In each group, the last remaining undefeated team faced the last remaining team with one loss, with the winners of those games advancing to play for the Little League World Series championship.
The loss of the three Victory ships severely hurt the combat forces.
The worst came during the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) which had an extremely negative impact on the civilian population of Germany and surrounding areas, with massive loss of life and disruption of the economy and society.
 June 21 – Skip Stewart was forced to make an emergency landing in his Pitts S-2S after suffering an engine loss on a county road in Troy, Ohio, just  from the Dayton International Airport in Vandalia, Ohio, where he was set to take part in the Vectren Dayton Air Show.
In 1969, in the second round of Wimbledon, top seed Rod Laver began with the loss of the first two sets to the unseeded Indian Premjit Lall.
The film was a loss to Sahasranamam.
In the 14th story of Il Novellino we have most of the elements of the Jessica–Lorenzo plot: a daughter guarded by a rich but miserly father; the lovers eloping with her father's gold and jewels; the father's despair, in equal measures, for the loss of both daughter and treasure; and the lovers' eventual marriage and happiness.
He made his senior debut for Metz in a 3–0 Ligue 1 loss against FC Girondins de Bordeaux on 21 September 2016.
On 28 January 2015, Nzola made his professional debut with Académica de Coimbra in a 2014–15 Taça da Liga match against FC Porto, coming on as a substitute in the 4–1 away loss.
 places the burden of proof for relinquishment of citizenship "upon the person or party claiming that such loss occurred, to establish such claim by a preponderance of the evidence", and establishes the presumption that a potentially expatriating act was performed voluntarily.
Savannah Coastal Outlaws — APF team in 2017; announced as one of the inaugural 2018 AAL teams but were removed from the AAL website in September 2017; re-added as an AAL affiliated travel team in November 2017 but do not appear to have ever played in the league despite being credited with a loss.
Dave Challinor stated that he brought Hornby to the "Coasters" after goalkeepers James Montgomery and Dan Lavercombe suffered a loss of confidence following Fylde's record of 29 goals conceded in the opening 15 games of the National League season.
Fremont General Corp.'s name was changed to Signature  Group Holdings Inc.  Its primary asset was almost $1 billion in net operating loss tax carryforwards.
Rising sea level has the same effect as sinking land, so changing climate is likely to accelerate coastal erosion and land loss.
"In the next several decades, warming waters are likely to harm most coral reefs, and widespread loss of coral is likely due to warming and increasing acidity of coastal waters.
"The loss of bay beaches would remove key habitat for diamondback terrapin, which nest on these beaches.
On 23 June, he scored the opening goal in a 2–1 first round loss to hosts Brazil with an acrobatic volley, and on 6 July he scored their goal in a semi-final draw against Argentina, which ended in an Argentine victory following a penalty shoot-out.
After the thirty-one point loss to  at Etihad Stadium in round 17, in which he recorded twenty-eight disposals and four tackles, he was the round nominee for the 2017 AFL Rising Star.
That match took place two weeks later where Yim would get the victory, the first pinfall loss for Belair in NXT.
| 2008-09-?|| Loss ||align=left| N/A || I.F.M.A.
Caupain made his NBA debut on December 31, 2018 in a 125–100 loss to the Charlotte Hornets, scoring five points with two assists in five minutes of playing time.
He made his official debut for Čelik in a 2–0 league loss against Zrinjski Mostar on 23 February 2020.
In July, the first promo of the season revealed that Killian was a Seattle police officer with the last name Rogers, who is living with an unexplained sense of loss.
Despite these difficulties, grafted neural precursor cells have been shown to be viable and to successfully migrate into desired location in SCA1 transgenic mice models and mesenchymal stem cells have been shown to mitigate loss of dendritic arborization SCA1 mice.
Criticism and counter-criticism – loss of truth and "fake news" 
As such, it appears that the C17α ethynyl group of norethisterone is responsible for its loss of androgenicity upon 5α-reduction.
Corallivores are often sensitive to declines in coral health and population size, and are negatively affected during periods of high coral loss.
His assistant thinks he's insane, but the professor, surprising the assistant, injects him with the substance, temporarily paralyzing the assistant and dooming him to eternally shrink ever smaller, through successively smaller worlds, each a subatomic particle of the previous one (the injected substance, "Shrinx", has engineered secondary properties, such as oxygenating the blood and protecting against heat loss in space).
In a 92–74 loss to Tralee Tigers in January 2001, Turner had a 49-point effort.
In the G League, Martin posted 39 points for the Iowa Wolves in a 163-143 loss to the Stockton Kings on January 11.
With regards to nose shapes, humans residing in hot and dry places tend to have narrow and protruding noses in order to reduce loss of moisture.
On December 2, he would record a season-high 33 points with 10 rebounds grabbed in a close 91–88 overtime loss against Deandre Ayton (the eventual 1st overall pick in the 2018 NBA Draft) and the University of Arizona.
At the end of the war, the couple returned to Paris, where Huara remained a fixture among the avant-garde circles, before having to withdraw from activities due to illness and loss of her sight.
However, a double from Vítor Baptista in the visit to Vitória de Setúbal, inflicted the team their second league loss of the campaign.
In this work, Iolini crafts "lost sounds from Sydney's past, media archives and scripted dialogues" into a sonic essay on the loss of identity as a result of disappearing buildings and architecture.
Insects: woody plant encroachment is linked to species loss or reduction in species richness of insects with preference for open habitats, such as butterfly and ant.
The loss sustained by Lewis was very large, requiring US$100,000 to rebuild and furnish it.
These two encounters, despite a heavy loss by the dervish, were the only dervish victory over the British forces.
This corresponds with the overall loss of the eastern spice trade in Europe during the Middle Ages as Muslim empires began to close off the tradition routes.
He pointed to 15 different extreme weather events in the United States in 2016 alone, each causing more than $1 billion in economic loss.
The team finished the season with a record of nine wins and one loss (9–1, 4–1 FWC).
She lost the fight via unanimous decision, the first loss of her MMA career.
In May 2016, he played  for the Junior Kiwis playing at Five eighth against the Junior Kangaroos in their 34-20 loss at Piretek Stadium .
A loss in eye definition and a decrease in Dvorak estimates led to the JTWC downgrading Page back to a typhoon at 18:00 UTC on November 27.
The team finished the season as champion of the FWC, with a regular season record of six wins and one loss (6–1, 4–0 FWC).
The loss of the ship was mentioned in The Times.
The reprisal that followed was severe: local squatters mustered to undertake a vigilante raid that led to substantial loss of life among these tribesmen, and put an end to the apparently amicable relations that had existed to that point in time.
On 4 October 2019, Ingimundur Orri Jóhansson scored 50 points for ÍA in a 151-113 loss against Reynir Sandgerði.
After the title loss, Kasavubu returned to the WWF.
In the 1998 season, Whereat scored 2 tries in his side's 32–20 preliminary final loss to Canterbury-Bankstown at the Sydney Football Stadium.
It is also used to detect subjects who falsely claim to have hearing loss in one ear.
Fiji became second after three wins, a draw and only one loss against football giants New Zealand.
In round 11 of the 2021 NRL season, Lussick made his club debut for Parramatta in their 28-6 loss against Manly-Warringah.
However, these positive results proved to be a false dawn as an underwhelming loss in the first knockout round to an Austria Wien side inspired by Libor Sionko followed.
There may not be any physiological warning during ascent on such a mix before loss of consciousness.
Eva missed an AFLW match for the first time in 2020, missing rounds 5 and 6 with a foot injury, before returning to play in Greater Western Sydney's semi-final loss against .
| 2014-10-03 || Loss ||align=left| Samo Petje || FFC14: Petje vs. Mikelić || Ljubljana, Slovenia || KO (Right high kick) || 1 || 1:05 || 7-3
It is designed for bats to recover from injuries, habitation loss, or have been orphaned before returning to the wild.
Hardcastle played for Featherstone in their 2021 Million Pound Game loss against Toulouse Olympique.
In his final game with the Aggies, he had six receptions for 34 yards and his lone touchdown of the 2016 season in the 33–28 loss to the Kansas State Wildcats in the 2016 Texas Bowl.
In his two seasons with the Eels, he had played 45 games and scored 13 tries, but after the preliminary final loss, Carige was forced to flee Sydney for Coffs Harbour after receiving abuse from people wherever he went and further bullying from disgruntled fans over the internet.
Mees made his professional debut with SSV Jahn Regensburg on 29 July 2017 in a 2–1 loss against Arminia Bielefeld.
Prior to the fight, Pacquiao's team demanded to the Texas officials to test Margarito for banned substances after a weight loss supplement, reportedly Hydroxycut, was found in his locker.
Also the Rizin Fighting World Grand-Prix 2016 held on 25 September the same year was announced as she participated in the opening round of the indiscriminate class tournament, the opponent of the debut match is the "Queen of Shoot Boxing" Rena Kubota, with one loss.
Did the trial judge err by not taking into account the dilution caused by the private placement when he assessed the existence of a causal connection between the failure to convert the respondent's preferred shares into common shares on the one hand and the monetary loss alleged by the respondent on the other?
Svechnikov made his NHL debut on 4 October 2018, going scoreless in a 2–1 loss to the New York Islanders.
He captained the U15 side once again, in a 4–1 loss against Germany U15 on 14 May 2013.
Houston rallied back from a 16–0 third-quarter deficit – having been held to 62 total yards in the first half – to win with 3:20 remaining in overtime on Ka'imi Fairbairn's 28-yard field goal, for Buffalo's sixth consecutive playoff loss since their last win in December 1995.
The Buccaneers went on to lose the series 2–1 despite a 21-point effort from Benjamin in the 93–81 Game 3 loss.
There was heavy loss of lives on both the sides.
He made his league debut on 30 July 2017 in a 1-0 home loss to Royal Excel Mouscron.
Tondela, making his professional debut on 30 July of that year when he came on as a 74th-minute substitute in a 1–0 away loss against Vitória F.C.
Two games later he tied the record when he again made 15 three-pointers, en route to 60 points, in a loss against Snæfell.
Costa made his senior debut with the reserve team on 6 August 2017, in a 1–2 home loss against Gil Vicente for the LigaPro.
He is part of the international team that determined that urbanisation and electricity are not to blame for sleep loss.
He scored his first goal for the club in a 1–2 loss to Bury on 15 September 2018.
He made his senior debut on 19 March 2017, starting in a 2–0 away loss against Uberlândia for the Campeonato Mineiro.
He made his full international debut on 26 March, starting in a 2–1 loss against the latter.
Following their NIT quarterfinal loss, Louisville announced that Padgett would not be retained as head coach.
Mago made 12 appearances for Brisbane in the 2018 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss against St. George at Suncorp Stadium.
In July 2018, she graced the cover of Dance Magazine, credited with "moving the conversation beyond loss and adversity."
Economic anxiety can increase due to loss of household income or decreased purchasing power, causing affected individuals to self-report having more issues with societal structure and a lower quality of life.
Our artistic activity came to a standstill practically with the loss of freedom and cultural decline.
Stocks expiring at the C&F level will entirely be the loss of BPPI.
She was wrecked with the loss of most of her crew in 1807.
Each win in regular time was calculated as three points, a win in overtime or after a series of penalties two points, a loss in the overtime or after a series of penalties one point.
The surprise loss of Point 5070 drew furious reaction from Pakistan Army, who used to occupy this peak during summer.
He made his first team – and La Liga – debut the following 27 January, replacing Jozabed in a 1–2 away loss against Real Valladolid.
However, the shortcomings in this system are that comparatively unskilled players, with inflated ratings, can be matched via automated matchmaking to legitimately high skilled players and drag them down when they contribute to the loss of a match.
He made his senior debut on 4 January 2009, starting in a 3–0 Tercera División home loss against Real Madrid C.
It was to be a short three-game stint at AFL level for Graham however, who was dropped after posting a career-worst seven clangers despite a career-low six disposals in a round 8 loss to .
One stated that Night Nurse contains promethazine, which can cause "drowsiness, poor vision, loss of concentration and cognitive impairment".
The main reasons cited by Board members who wanted to get rid of Dugger were her poor communication skills, bad interactions with the board, poor handling of the shooting of Oscar Grant, and loss of federal funding for the Coliseum–Oakland International Airport line.
The resulting court martial investigating the loss of Serpent concluded that the ship had been lost as a result of a navigation error.
He made his debut on 8 February, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 2–1 loss to Exeter City.
During the third period, Turner scored her second goal of the game in a 5–2 loss and was recognized as one of the Three Stars of the Game.
She foundered in May 1854 with the loss of some 400 persons, most of them soldiers that she was carrying from Madras to Rangoon.
Her work The Very Loud Chamber Orchestra of Endangered Species calls attention to the concept of endangered species and the loss of biodiversity in relation to climate change.
In 2001, Anderson moved to the Ipswich Jets and started at centre in their 2002 Grand Final loss to the Redcliffe Dolphins.
Kane said of his side's loss that "Penalties are obviously the worst thing in the world when you lose.
He has also developed fundamental understanding of ventilation flows in buildings, developing strategies to minimise heat loss associated with low-energy natural ventilation, as well as exploring the controls on the dispersal of air-borne infection.
In the next fixture, however, Mount missed the decisive penalty in Chelsea’s 5–4 shoot-out loss away to Tottenham Hotspur in the fourth round of the EFL Cup on 29 September.
He redshirted his first year at Clemson, and made only one appearance in 2011, making 8 saves in a loss to Charlotte.
Overall, he had eight total tackles, of which five were for loss, one sack, one pass defensed, and one forced fumble.
The stadium, while owned by the City of Wilmington, had been managed and maintained by the State of Delaware through the Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control since 1998, at an approximate loss of $100,000.00 per year.
They frequently subordinate any personal feelings of loss and suffering in order to apply themselves to providing food, shelter, and other services to those in need.
He debuted for the Mali national team in a 2–1 friendly loss to South Africa on 13 October 2019.
It is marketing's extensive knowledge used in an improper way, together with a certain loss of control over our data, that creates a feeling of creepiness.
Princess Royal had embarked 501 slaves and landed 459, for a loss rate of 8.4%.
In 1992, he scored two tries for the Marlins, re-named the Northern Division, in their Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Capitols.
Green played in the club's opening match the following season, a twenty-six point loss to  at VU Whitten Oval.
In the semifinals, Arrigoni excluded the Catalans of Cotonificio (95–108 loss in Badalona and 87–63 win in Rieti).
She made her debut in the thirty-two point loss to the Western Bulldogs at VU Whitten Oval in the opening round of the 2017 season.
But the death of her brother took an emotional toll and she found herself leaning more toward spirituality to help recuperate from her loss.
By the late 1960s, the loss of these high-paying manufacturing jobs, improved public transportation and commuter highway systems, and the growth in both job opportunities and worker housing in the suburbs had convinced most Czechs, Poles, Slovaks, and other whites to leave Union–Miles Park for new homes outside the city.
In Week 3 against the Carolina Panthers, Ekeler recorded 143 yards from scrimmage and a rushing touchdown during the 21–16 loss.
Despite the loss, Ma was awarded his first Fight of the Night bonus award.
The following week, Morrow collected a season-high seven solo tackles during a 40–33 loss against the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 13.
In the next match, England scored the highest innings total in ODIs, scoring 481 runs for the loss of six wickets and, in the process, won the series with two games to play.
Yudkin received little acknowledgement for this development, even though he had published five books on weight loss, all emphasising sugar restriction, from 1958 to 1990, before any of the other popular low-carbohydrate diets were written.
Loss in agriculture and cultivation - 1908 thousand horses, 3905 thousand cattle, 4988 thousand swine and 755 thousand sheep.
Rulo made his professional debut on 6 September 2017, starting in a 0–2 home loss against Real Valladolid, for the season's Copa del Rey.
In the 46–9 loss, he punted six times for 302 total yards for a 50.30 average.
At the official census by the Media Commission in 2014, KRO-NCRV, in spite of a minor loss of membership, appeared to be the largest broadcaster in the Netherlands at the time, with nearly eight hundred thousand (798,930) members.
Ahijado made his professional debut on 6 September 2017, replacing Yaw Yeboah in a 0–1 home loss against CD Numancia, for the season's Copa del Rey.
The result was a 1–4 home loss at the Panasonic Stadium Suita.
At the conclusion of the operation on 20 March 145 VC had been killed and 5 captured for the loss of 14 Marines.
Pudilová amassed a record of 6-1 prior to being signed by UFC, with the one loss to Lina Lansberg.
In his childhood his father met with the loss of his property, and the son's preparation for college (entering Yale University in the Sophomore year) was thereby deferred.
He made his first team-debut on 1 October, coming on as a substitute for Alireza Jahanbakhsh for the final 30 minutes of a 4–0 home loss to Feyenoord.
They dropped their first game of the year to the Braves on April 3, as starting pitcher A. J. Cole hit his first major league home run in the second inning but surrendered 10 earned runs, tying a franchise record for earned runs allowed in a start and taking the loss.
Although Scherzer recovered to record a quality start, the Red Sox handed him the loss in the 4–3 contest, extending to five a string of quality starts for the Nationals pitcher in which he did not receive enough run support to win.
Soto walked for the 67th time in the September 4 game to set a new record for walks by a teenager in the modern era; however, in the same game, Williams was tagged for his first earned runs, taking the loss against the Cardinals in an offense-heavy 11–8 contest as he gave up three home runs.
 The 1976 Michigan Wolverines football team's 14–6 loss to USC in the 1977 Rose Bowl (AP-7, UPI-7);
The grief that follows a miscarriage resembles, but is not the same as, the grief experienced after the loss of a family member.
Some women can "emotionally relocate the child", redefine a relationship "with the missing child", and engage in "continuing the bond" to incorporate the loss into their life experiences.
Jordan Schafer, Jacob Woodford, Hector Mendoza, and Daniel Poncedelon, were four pitchers, plus catchers Jeremy Martinez and Dennis Ortega, and infielder Max Schrock, all seven on the NRI list, cut to minor-league camp following the 1–4 loss on March 4, leaving 17 on the NRI list.
Loss of interest has been the major reason cited for girls opting out of STEM.
In Ceylon's innings loss to Pakistan in Colombo in April 1949, Wijesinha was Ceylon's highest scorer with 29 and 12, and took 5 for 105, dismissing Pakistan's first five batsmen.
Heather Phares of AllMusic found that lyrically, the album is not "quite as idyllic as its title implies, but its mix of idealism and realism makes it an even greater success as a manifesto for radically open love and as a document of thriving after loss."
In other words, the target is reduced in proportion to the loss in overs.
His first goal for St Johnstone – and his first professional goal in British football – arrived on 31 March during a loss away against Aberdeen.
On 8 January 2019, Gyökeres made his senior international debut for the Sweden in a 0–1 loss against Finland.
The team appealed the forfeit claiming the opponent did not wait long enough before leaving; the forfeit loss was expunged from the Havoc's record, while the walkover win was still awarded to the Heroes.
At the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens, the gardens suffered extensive tree loss, while the museum cafe and basement were flooded.
He analyzes how these relationships did manage and still manage the country's politics, from the privatization processes of the large State-owned enterprises, to the loss of sovereignty when those same companies have finally become part of large foreign capitals.
In the murine model, IL-22 was found to play a role in improving the course of inflammatory bowel disease and epithelial restoration in the loss of the protective mucin barrier in the large intestine.
OH Leuven lost points early throughout the season as several key starting players arrived only late in the 2017 summer transfer window, resulting in a poor league start of 2 wins, 4 draws and 1 loss from the opening 7 games.
The production of unfit hybrids is effectively the same as a heterozygote disadvantage; whereby a deviation from genetic equilibrium causes the loss of the unfit allele.
He is best known for his roles in the films The Circle (2017), The Front Runner (2018), Unicorn Store (2017), Underwater (2020), and Uncorked (2020), as well as the television series The Get Down (2016–2017) and Sorry for Your Loss (2018–2019).
A large portion of children may experience loss and bereavement at some point during their childhood.
In Week 14, Andrews recorded 11 receptions for 115 yards and a touchdown in a 22–24 loss to the Cleveland Browns.
To date, they have released 2 albums: 'Gold' (2016) and 'I Disappear' (2017), the latter of which is said to have 'introspective lyrics of loss, sorrow, perseverance and hope'.
Additionally 500 or 90 percent of kulla dwellings belonging to prominent Albanian families along with historic bazaars were targeted; where three out of four well preserved Ottoman period urban centres located in Kosovo cities being badly damaged resulting in great loss of traditional architecture.
Mental illness can be a consequence of miscarriage or early pregnancy loss.
He made his Bolton debut on 19 September 2017 in a loss against West Ham United in the third round of the EFL Cup, playing 80 minutes.
It is threatened by habitat loss due to deforestation and the expansion of agriculture.
Herrera made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 24 September 2017, starting in a 0–2 home loss against CD Leganés.
His conflictual relationship with Arimondi, however, led to the massacre of Toselli's column at the Amba Alagi and the loss of the isolated Fort of Mek'ele (Macallè in Italian sources) after a two-weeks siege.
After he had arrived in China, Rees wrote a letter in which he mentioned the loss of the men at New Guinea.
On November 18, 2017, Young recorded a season-high 36 points, along with seven rebounds, three assists and three steals in an 88–92 loss to Maccabi Rishon LeZion.
They can also interfere with the function of tumour suppressor genes, such as Tumour protein p53, leading to higher rates of cell proliferation due to the loss of control of the cell cycle.
The camp rapidly became notorious for the great loss of life suffered by soldiers due to the exposed conditions, shortage of supplies and inadequate medical facilities.
They finished the regular season with a record of eight wins and one loss (8–1).
The Vikings avenged the loss the following season as they went 34–2 behind national player of the year Dan Jansen and won the school's first national championship.
| 1989-06-26 || Loss ||align=left| Cherry Sor Wanich|| Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
Loss of all four central hydrogen atoms in the core yields a tetravalent anion that can act as a ligand to metal cations, creating a coordination compound.
| 1980-03-31|| Loss ||align=left| Samoenai Kiatsongkram || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
He made his top tier debut on 17 September, starting in a 1–3 away loss against Atlético Paranaense.
It was found that the mice with ERα knocked out in astrocytes experienced an increase in clinical disease symptoms, macrophage and T-cell inflammation in the central nervous system, and axonal loss.
They snapped their 8–game losing streak by beating their crosstown rivals, the New York Yankees 2–0 in the last game of the three-game Subway Series, handing the Bronx Bombers their first shutout loss of the season.
Toyoshima's first appearance in a major title match came in 2010 when he defeated Yasumitsu Satō to win the 60th Ōshō league with a record of 5 wins and 1 loss,  Although Toyoshima lost his first game in league play, he proceeded to win his next five to earn the right to challenge defending Ōshō Toshiaki Kubo for his title.
This suggests that chemical factors that are released from microglial cells are contributing to neuronal loss.
He was invited to the 2015 BMO Top Prospects Game where he remained pointless in the 6–0 loss to Team Orr.
AdreN had little impact as he could not hit his shots accurately in the loss.
He made an appearance at the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualifiers playing in the 0–5 loss to Qatar in September 1996.
| 2015-05-16|| Loss ||align=left| Vedat Hoduk  || A1 World Combat Cup Platinium || Eindhoven, Netherlands || Decision || 3 || 3:00
On 7 October 2017 Bernabé made his professional debut by starting, committing a penalty and being replaced by José Perales after being injured in a 0–2 away loss against CD Tenerife.
In Stillwater, Oklahoma, Ehlinger scored four total touchdowns and threw for 283 yards, narrowing a 17-point halftime deficit that ended in a 35–38 loss.
Voretigene neparvovec is indicated for the treatment of people with vision loss due to inherited retinal dystrophy caused by confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutations and who have sufficient viable retinal cells.
Starter Brian Johnson took the loss, although both runs he allowed in five innings of work were unearned.
US Africa Command acknowledged the loss of elite US forces would trigger a review of how the US military carries out operations but did not suggest any move to scale back the American mission in Niger.
Their debut match resulted in a 1–2 loss to early season favorites the Seoul Dynasty.
In 1969 James Forman began a very long campaign dubbed the 'Black Manifesto', which called for reparations to be paid to black Americans as well as a land bank in the south meant to offer financial assistance for those experiencing land loss.
At one point Smith discussed her experience of personal relationships and loss, performing an emotionally charged version of "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going", something Jack Seale of Radio Times described as an "extraordinary moment".
In his 200th career game on January 11, Girard also recorded two assists in their 4–3 overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Round 9 – Carlton's 109-point loss against  was its heaviest ever defeat against that club.
CSM Fowles was awarded the MC for gallantry when he assumed command after the loss of all his officers.
Despite the loss, there were impressive performances from new players Fogarty and Sam Gibson, a recruit from , both of whom put themselves into contention for a debut for the Crows in round 1 of the regular season.
Moore started all 17 games and totaled 101 tackles (81 solo), 6.0 tackles for loss, 1.0 sack, 13 passes defensed, four interceptions, one forced fumble and one special teams stop.
She started in the 8–1 loss to Chinese Taipei and the 10–0 victory over Northern Mariana Islands, scoring a brace against the latter.
Matt visits Jill at her west coast campus and is surprised by her weight loss, whereas she, in turn, is surprised by his prosthetic.
He fight the final with a loss to the Japanese Korean descent Tetsutora Senrima in 1998 in Kōbe, Japan.
In his final collegiate game, a 42–24 loss to Vanderbilt, he had 10 carries for 20 yards and a rushing touchdown.
He made his senior debut on 24 March 2013, starting in a 1–0 Campeonato Baiano away loss against Vitória.
On the same day, Arnold Wright said that Trump was respectful when he called with his condolences, "He talked to me about the loss of my son and how he served with honor and dignity and he just wanted to give me a call to thank me".
During October the Marines claimed to have killed 137 VC and captured 17 weapons for the loss of seven killed.
He lost the fight via TKO in the second round, the first TKO loss of his MMA career.
It would prove to be Takeru's only loss in over a decade and a half.
In 2015, he coached the New South Wales Residents side in their 32-26 loss to the Queensland Residents.
 Green = Win, Red = Loss, Blue = Bye.
In the bottom of the 10th, Kolten Wong hit a two-run home run to give the Cardinals the 8–6 win and the fourth loss in a row for the Cubs.
The loss, coupled with a Brewer win, reduced the Cubs' division lead to 2.5 games.
However, with a loss by the Brewers, the division lead remained at 2.5 games.
Scientists at the University of Alabama at Birmingham announce the reversal of aging-associated skin wrinkles and hair loss in a mouse model.
On April 20, following their loss to the Toronto Blue Jays, they had a record of 9–9, and were in third place in the American League East, seven games behind the first place Boston Red Sox.
Depending on the nature of the loss, two types of financial aid are available, direct and indirect support.
He made his senior debut on 10 November 2013 at the age of 17, starting for the reserves in a 3–1 Segunda División B away loss against Elche CF Ilicitano.
However, three solo homers by the Rockies and eight shutout innings from Tyler Anderson led to a 3–1 loss.
Boston Uprising's first regular season OWL match was a 1–3 loss to the New York Excelsior on January 11, 2018.
Upon hearing of the loss of the second vessel, Bilocca is said to have exclaimed to her daughter that "enough is enough" and resolved to take action.
His La Liga debut occurred the following 19 May, as he started in a 0–1 home loss against Getafe CF.
He could have also been an Indian citizen, however this appears to have been discounted on the basis that there was an automatic loss of Indian citizenship on acquisition of another.
Gabriel Olivera as Drake, a guy in Michelle's pet loss therapy group.
After a tough road loss, the Steelers returned home for a Sunday Night Football duel against the Chargers.
He made his league debut on 28 May 2017 against Sport Recife, starting as a left midfielder in a 4–3 away loss, playing full 90 minutes.
Minnesota were the defending champions, but they were eliminated from the 2017 tournament with a 2–0 quarterfinal loss to Wisconsin.
On November 8, Smith recorded a sack alongside 12 total tackles in a 29–27 Monday Night Football loss which saw the Bears fall to a 3–6 record on the season.
The Northern Kentucky Norse were the defending champions, but they were eliminated from the 2017 tournament with a 3–2 loss to the IUPUI Jaguars in the semifinals.
On November 6, Lagacé lost his first shootout against the Toronto Maple Leafs with a 3–4 loss.
He made an impact in the ACC Championship Game (sack) and national semifinal (Fiesta Bowl Defensive MVP with three tackles for loss, sack) for the eventual title-winners.
August 1 – New York Mets infielder José Reyes hit two home runs in a 5–3 loss to the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, after allowing two homers as an emergency pitcher in his previous game.
Shocked by the loss, that same night Blenkinsop – who was then 30 years old – wrote down 27 safety measures that she thought would reduce the level of risk in the industry.
It was, however, subject to normal market economics, and its growth was not steady; it incurred a significant loss in the Black Monday stock market crash of 1987–1988, for example.
There was loss of RMK-BRJ construction materials due to open storage at major construction sites and at seaports.
In addition to the loss of Captain Greenway, several crew had been wounded by cutlasses during the boarding.
Fikret scored his only career goal for Kemerspor in a TFF Third League 2-1 loss to Antalya Köy Hizmetlerispor on 12 August 1991.
She broke in two and sank with no loss of life.
 German submarine  struck a mine and sank in the English Channel off the Isle of Wight then was rammed by a Royal Navy patrol boat with the loss of either 27 of her 34 crew or 29 of her 35 crew (sources differ).
He appeared in Parramatta's u20's grand final loss to the Manly Sea Eagles.
Equalisation is often necessary with transmission lines and lumped element delay lines which tend to have increasing loss with frequency.
He passed his career-highs in points, rebounds, and assists with 16 points, six rebounds, and two assists in a 106–105 loss to the New Orleans Pelicans on November 13, 2017.
In August 2016, she wrote about sea anemone research's impact on repairing hearing loss.
She made her debut in the twenty-five point loss to  at VU Whitten Oval in round two of the 2017 season.
The Fifth State of Consciousness's press release summarizes that the album is "a story of overcoming the shadow to rise above" with concepts of "dreams, loss of innocence, strength and seeking an enlightened state of being after trials and tribulations."
Although parental and self-reports indicate good appetite in most of the population, weight loss is an issue that many individuals with RTT face.
Brown had embarked 348 slaves and disembarked 313, for a 10.1% loss rate.
The loss of these tree species is typically rapid with both short and long-term impacts to the forest ecosystem.
The loss of his talent was compared to the death of Rupert Brooke.
On 29 July he made his debut for Piacenza as a substitute replacing Cristian Cauz in the 91st minute, but he was sent off with a double yellow card in the 107th minute of a match loss 5–3 at penalties after a 1–1 away draw against Monopoli in the first round of Coppa Italia.
During her recovery from her loss, she moved to Orange, NSW, to be with family and grieve privately.
Talo made his debut for the Solomon Islands national futsal team during the 2012 FIFA Futsal World Cup in an 11-3 loss against Colombia.
Many fans blamed Sumlin and the coaching staff for the loss by calling more running plays than passing ones in the final quarter.
In Week 4 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Johnson rushed 26 times for 125 yards and caught two passes for 32 yards in the 34–30 loss.
The land loss, currently about the size of the state of Delaware, loses about a football length an hour.
Further tourist development would result in a major loss of the bat species, thus threatening the rest of the fauna.
In the Battle of the Palouse with neighbor Washington State, the Vandals suffered a thirteenth straight loss, falling  at homecoming in Moscow on  Idaho's most recent win in the series was a fifteen years earlier in 1925 and the next was fourteen years away in 1954.
The failure to reproduce her findings led to the loss of interest in this work.
The loss eliminated West Chester United, who had 2.1 average points per game, since FC Baltimore, who averaged 2.2, had already lost the Mid-Atlantic Conference Final.
In the Battle of the Palouse with neighbor Washington State, the Vandals suffered an eighth straight loss, falling  at homecoming in Moscow on November 9.
Luis Suárez looked increasingly at a loss but remained prominent in the few opportunities that were created.
Hours later on the same day, England broke the record, by scoring 250 runs for the loss of three wickets, also against South Africa.
An example of this increase in corticosterone following a loss is seen in the copperhead snakes.
He was sentenced to two weeks in jail after his lawyer argued he had forgotten to take his anti-anxiety medication that day due to severe memory loss resulting from years of cocaine and heroin addiction.
Humboldt State finished the season with a record of eight wins, one loss and one tie (8–1–1, 4–0 NCAC).
Androgens like testosterone and  play a critical role in the pathogenesis of a number of dermatological conditions including acne, seborrhea, hirsutism (excessive facial/body hair growth in women), and pattern hair loss (androgenic alopecia).
Deminguet made his professional debut for SM Caen in a 5-0 Ligue 1 loss to Olympique Marseille on 5 November 2017.
The Cardinals concluded their season with a 36–8 loss against Fort Scott High School.
Carpenter was called up to make another spot start six days later where he earned his first career loss after giving up five earned runs.
To do it would involve not only a loss of my own self-respect, but brand me as a disgraced and dishonored man in the estimation of all for whose good opinion I am anxious, namely the Southern people.
Makiadi made his debut for AC Ajaccio in a 2–1 Ligue 2 loss to LB Châteauroux on 3 November 2017.
However, although not currently threatened like many Australian species they are still susceptible to increasing environmental threats such as habitat degradation, habitat loss, climate change and predation by feral species such as cats, dogs and foxes.
October 28: Linebacker Brandon Marshall suffered a knee injury during the team's Week 8 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs, and returned to practice on November 28.
The fight was a rematch of their February 19, 2016, meeting, when Maslobojev handed Plazibat his first professional loss.
He made his debut in the category on 4 September of that year by starting in a 1–3 away loss against Hércules CF.
He made his debut on 23 November 2017, in a 1–0 loss against Estonia.
She made her debut in the thirty-six point loss to  at Thebarton Oval in the opening round of the 2017 season.
Keysha Couzens of TV Overmind wrote "Reese pulls out most of his favorite tricks in this episode as he tries to help the kid cope with his loss while keeping him from falling prey to the lure of finding revenge for himself."
He finished with three tackles for loss and 39 total tackles on the year, and was named an honorable mention all-conference selection by both media and coaches.
Evans was inactive for the Tennessee Titans’ season-opening 27-20 loss at the Miami Dolphins due to a hamstring injury.
With the loss, the Niners dropped to 1–7 and last place in the NFC West.
Jared Goff threw a career-high four interceptions, and the Rams were held without a touchdown for the first time in the Sean McVay era in a loss to the host Bears on Sunday Night Football at Soldier Field.
Other former champion Raymond van Barneveld was eliminated in the second round following a 3–2 loss to Darius Labanauskas.
Affected persons may develop memory loss and may have sudden changes in personality.
The tournament was a round-robin tournament format, with two points allotted for a win, one additional point for a regulation win, and one point for an overtime or game winning shots loss.
During the 2018 season, Winovich recorded 62 tackles to rank third among Wolverines and first among defensive linemen, and 14.5 tackles for loss to lead the team.
 Love, Loss, and What I Wore (1995)
In Week 15 against the Green Bay Packers, Miller caught nine passes for 118 yards and a touchdown during the 21–13 loss.
Baker kicked his only goal of the year in the opening match of the club's finals campaign, a qualifying final loss to the .
| 2014-09-23 || Loss ||align=left| Anissa Meksen || Enfusion Reality Season 5: Victory of the Vixen || Ko Samui, Thailand || KO (punch) || 2 || || 
| 2011-06-25 || Loss ||align=left| Yuta Kubo || K-1 World MAX 2011 -63kg Japan Tournament Final, Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
in the central parts of the basin and is characterized by the loss of hydrocarbons to the surface (Talukdar and Marcano, 1994).
She had embarked 408 slaves and she landed 367, for a loss rate of 10%.
In Marvin Lewis's last game with the team, the Bengals lost a sluggish game to the Steelers, their 8th straight loss in the rivalry.
| 2018-07-20 || Loss ||align=left| Tiffany van Soest || Glory 55: New York || New York City, New York, United States || Decision (split) || 3 || 3:00 || 
China has only appeared at the one World Cup with the appearance being in the 2002 FIFA World Cup where they finished bottom of the group which included a 4–0 loss to Brazil.
On 25 October 2020, she started at  and captained the Roosters' in their 10–20 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
In Round 1 of the 2018 NRL Women's season, she made her debut for the Roosters in their 4–10 loss to the New Zealand Warriors.
In Round 1 of the 2018 NRL Women's season, she made her debut for the Dragons in their 4–30 loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
In November 2017 the Vanguardia was deployed as part of the rescue operations following the loss of the submarine ARA San Juan in the South Atlantic.
Soler made his first team debut on 2 December 2017, starting in a 1–3 loss at SD Huesca in the Segunda División.
The Bears attempted to respond by driving to the Cardinals' 13-yard line, but Trubisky was sacked for a 15-yard loss and Parkey missed a 46-yard field goal wide right.
With the loss, the Packers closed out the season with a disappointing 6–9–1 record.
Feeling indebted after being saved by Hajime in the Labyrinth, she strives to not waste his loss and instead aid Aiko's efforts in the Kingdom.
 With the loss, the Jets fell to 1-2 and ended the Browns 19-game winless streak.
With the loss, the Giants started 0–2 for the second consecutive season.
The loss dropped the Eagles to 2–3, still tied for second place since Dallas lost later to the Texans in overtime.
The Eagles now have a record of 4–1 since a 48–7 loss to the Saints.
2 seed as the Patriots suffered a loss of their own to the Miami Dolphins.
With a 34–20 loss to the Green Bay Packers, the Falcons fell to 4–9 and suffered their first losing season since the 2014 season.
With the loss to the Buccaneers, the Saints start their season off with 0-1.
Some alloys are prone to changing their composition when heated, particularly a loss of zinc from brass by its evaporation as vapour.
The "plan" fails when Mega Man doesn't fall for it, but Wily then mocks him, believing his loss wasn't caused by Mega Man, but rather the Double Gear System, which was his own technology, proclaiming himself as the better genius.
Loss of lysine also decreases digestible protein and thus, is thought to be a sign of protein damage in extrudates.
He scored the national team's solitary goal in the campaign during the 2–1 loss to Laos.
As the viewer’s gaze sweeps from the bottom left of the painting, a scene of destruction evokes emotions of loss and regret.
On 17 May the Sunrisers suffered their second consecutive defeat, a 14-run loss to the Royal Challengers Bangalore, in a high-scoring match, as Williamson's brisk knock of 81 in 42 balls went in vain.
A day later, he made his Football League debut, coming on as a substitute in Burton's 1–0 loss to Ipswich Town.
Chinatown's merchants feared a devastating loss in income from tourists, and they joined Ho in publicly denying the existence of plague.
The charges during the crossing of the river Ighane resulted in the loss of most of the horses, the soldiers having to continue charging on foot.
The emphasis on the mourning figures indicates that Philip was more concerned with the loss to his reign, rather than his physical and spiritual transience into heavenly realms.
Soil loss results in siltation farther downslope, as well as in streams and in the lake.
But success had a price: 20 of the 52 US submarines lost in that war were of this class, plus , a damaged boat that returned to the US but was considered a constructive total loss and not repaired.
Due to drownings and attacks by crocodiles (which used to inhabit the river), this loss of life was considered a rent for the use of the river.
In this way, while it requires the use of more qubits in combining entangled resources, the potential loss for attempts to connect two chains together are not as expensive for type-II fusion as they are for type-I fusion.
Montgomery returned for the Bears' Week 12 match-up against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday Night Football, where he totaled 143 yards from scrimmage and recorded a receiving touchdown in a 41–25 loss.
Against UNI he 10 tackles, one for a loss, an interception and a pass breakup.
His senior season he made 86 tackles, seven for a loss, made two sacks, two interceptions and forced a fumble.
He made his professional debut with the reserves on 10 December 2017, coming on as a second-half substitute for David Carmona in a 1–2 away loss against Gimnàstic de Tarragona in the Segunda División.
He debuted for the New South Wales representative team against an early-season tour of the All Blacks, where New South Wales suffered a loss of 10 to 37.
He played in all 13 games for the Cougars in 2015, tallying 32 tackles, 10 for loss, with 5.0 sacks and two forced fumbles.
In the same years, she found out to be a victim of false advertising, after a fake interview and deepfake videos of her appeared online, showing the journalist 'promoting' Chocolite, an alleged weight loss beverage.
Ali Mabkhout put Alberto Zaccheroni’s side ahead after seven minutes but Thitiphan Puangjan struck four minutes from time to earn the Thais a point that sees them take second place in Group A, following India’s late loss to Bahrain, thanks to a better head-to-head record.
The ‘biosphere reserve’ and an adjoining buffer zone became the site for a major research project by CSIRO (a government research body) to understand the reasons for the decline and loss of Australian mammals since European settlement.
Walker Zimmerman scored the team's first goal in the 2–1 loss.
A loss of yards or a turnover results in negative points, while a yard-gaining completion or run earns points.
As a senior, he had 55 tackles including 12.5 tackles for a loss, four sacks, two forced fumbles and four pass breakups, earning himself All-American honors and was named the SEC Defensive Player of the Year.
Wan-Bissaka made a single appearance for DR Congo U20s in an 8–0 friendly loss to the England U17s on 7 October 2015.
Danish polar research institution, Polar Portal, reports a spike in Greenland ice loss, with 11 billion tons melted in one day and 197 Gigatonnes during the month of July.
The Register of Shipping listed Sir John with unchanging, stale data for at least six years after her loss, while showing her last survey as taking place in 1814.
He made his senior debut with the B-team on 22 August 2015, starting in a 0–1 Segunda División B home loss against Mérida AD.
Victoria in 2017 introduced Australia’s first assisted suicide legislation, in which he saw further evidence of a loss of the moral compass of universal ethics and a new low point of civilization.
Firstly, if the oxygen content is too low, the diver will lose consciousness due to hypoxia and probably die, or if the oxygen content is too high, the risk of central nervous system oxygen toxicity causing convulsions and loss of consciousness, with a high risk of drowning becomes unacceptable.
The diagnosis for such hearing loss is unclear.
Kiki Bertens opened the year with a first round loss at the Brisbane International to Ana Konjuh.
The team that accumulated the most points – two for a win, one for a draw, zero for a loss – after the two legs was crowned champion.
The senate had delayed the introduction of the new currency after the founding of the empire in 1871, because they feared that the new money would result in a further loss of Hamburg's sovereignty.
The battle raged on and Staff Sergeant Fortes, still weak due to loss of blood, finally passed on the leadership to Sergeant Moreno who immediately brought Staff Sergeant Fortes in a safe area.
 Thermal Energy Demand Intensity (TEDI): The amount of annual heating energy needed to maintain a stable interior temperature, taking into account heat loss through the envelope and passive gains (i.e., the amount of heat gained from solar energy passing through the envelope, or from activities in the home such as cooking and lighting, and that provided by body heat).
Mary Mildmay Fane, Countess of Westmorland wrote letters to her daughter Grace in Scotland solicitous of her health, including passages in cipher, one referring to loss of her hair through illness.
As a redshirt junior in 2017, Speaks totaled 67 tackles, eight tackles for loss and seven sacks.
In week 9 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Hill recovered a fumble forced by teammate Mike Hughes on Mecole Hardman during a kickoff return in the 26-23 loss.
Plastic Dog struggled to recover from the resulting loss of funds and the company began to fragment.
Bishop's life was marked by loss and instability, which is reflected in many of the poems of Geography III.
As a senior, he tallied 65 tackles with 5.5 being for loss.
He made his first team debut on 7 November 2015, starting in a 2–1 home loss against Santa Cruz for the Série B championship.
The 1930 election was King's only election loss at the national level.
According to unsourced media claims, U.S. lawmakers were reportedly briefed about the loss of the spacecraft and an unnamed government official said that it had re-entered the atmosphere over the Indian Ocean, possibly due to a failure in the payload adapter provided by Northrop Grumman in detaching from the second stage.
Arbuckle's Sheldon High School teams had notable success, including the 1980 team that finished undefeated in District 5AAA play, and whose only loss came to eventual state champion Beaverton, on the way to a 12-1 season.
A year later, during the All-Japan Rugby Football Championship final against Sanyo Electric, in the loss time, he caught the ball at the last minute near the end of the touch line, which was the starting point.
On November 23, 2013, he made four receptions for 57-yards and a touchdown during a 29–26 loss to Boston College.
The nervous system's lowered ability to stimulate a full muscle contraction subsequently leads to loss of muscle strength and power.
He posted 56 tackles (fifth on the team), 20 tackles for loss (fifth in school history), 5 quarterback hurries, 3 forced fumbles, and 2 fumbles recoveries.
30 June – In association football, Portugal are eliminated from the 2018 FIFA World Cup following a 2–1 loss to Uruguay in the round of 16 at Sochi's Fisht Olympic Stadium.
He made his NHL debut on October 3, 2018, in a 5–2 loss to the Vancouver Canucks.
While under Caffrey's command, Crown was among the vessels that Lloyd's List reported on 27 December 1803 to have put into Ramsgate with the loss of anchors, cables, and other damage.
In week 4 against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Bates recovered a fumble forced by teammate Nick Vigil in the 27–3 loss.
At 10:00 am the same day of the crash, the Marines confirmed the loss of all thirty-one aboard the helicopter.
In Week 14 against the Kansas City Chiefs, Baker led the team with 9 tackles and sacked Patrick Mahomes 2.5 times during the 33–27 loss.
The loss of the buffalo and agricultural failures meant a struggle for food, health, and economic survival.
He "touched every line of public progress" of Seattle, often at personal loss.
During this time, Cusick also formed The Preferred Health Arrangement, a Preferred Provider Organization and National Stop Loss Associates, a broker for re-insurance and other excess lines.
In addition to this, Thomas Woolsey – a former mentor of Maskepetoon – was given the news of his fate he also expressed a deep sense of loss.
At the time of the loss of Canastota, the shipment by sea of volatile flammable liquids as 'case oil' in ships designed for general cargo was already viewed as a dangerous anachronism.
The team got off to a shaky start posting a 2–3 record in their first five games before winning six in a row to secure their playoff spot, and, after a final round dead rubber loss, a round robin record of 8–4 and 4th place in the standings.
A Canberra junior, Gaffey made his first grade debut for the Raiders as a replacement in their 22-16 loss against the Cronulla Sharks at Seiffert Oval in round 16 of the 1989 season.
Mark Preston, team principal of Techeetah, said that the outfit's loss of the Teams' Championship to Audi would not deduct itself from their achievements, and it provided them with additional motivation for an improved performance in the 2018–19 season, "This has been a wonderful season.
His second team in 1913 finished with a record of 5 wins and 1 loss, including a 100–0 win over Washington College of Tennessee.
The distress and upheaval caused by this move and loss leaves the Count no longer his previously cheerful self.
Japanese Americans struggled with acute (e.g., loss of their homes and property, etc.)
During the 2019 Big Ten Men's Ice Hockey Tournament, he suffered a foot injury in a 3–2 loss to the Minnesota Golden Gophers on March 8, 2019.
It gave the value of her loss as 180,000 piastres.
He also relieved Falk against the Arizona Wildcats in a loss.
In his first year on the field, Smith played in all 16 games, starting in six of them, tallying 81 tackles (50 solo), 3.0 tackles for loss, 1.0 sack, two passes defensed and two forced fumbles.
Bayong's club then rallied to end the season without dropping anymore points, while a shock loss to Indera FC after a draw with AH United left the armymen trailing in second place.
Clemson, coming off a College Football Playoff semi-final loss to Alabama in 2017, began the year ranked second in the preseason AP Poll and Coaches Poll.
The Iron Horse closed in 2000, its then-owners citing increasing rents created by the dot com boom, combined with a loss of event business occasioned by the demolition of the Kingdome, as reasons for its shuttering.
He made his continental competition debut on 17 September, featuring for the full duration of the club's loss to Apollon Limassol in the Europa League second qualifying round.
While Kownacki was the heavy favorite, Helenius pulled off a significant upset by stopping Kownacki in the fourth round, handing him his first professional loss.
On 2 March of the following year he made his senior debut with the reserves, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 Tercera División home loss against Conil CF.
She started this in 1912 and continued for three years to compare the sentences with those handed down for loss or damage to property.
 P = Played, W = Win, D = Draw, L= Loss, F = Goal for, A = Goal against, Pts = Points, Pos = Position
To counter this loss, the United Mine Workers Association, or the UMWA, and the Bituminous Coal Operators Association, or the BCOA, negotiated an industry-wide deal that raised the wages of each miner from $1.90 per shift to $2.00 per shift in 1952.
When he was a local junior, Jones had to bide his time in reserve grade; he eventually made his first grade debut at the age of 23 for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in their 19−14 loss to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in round 15 of the 1989 NSWRL season.
The sudden loss of an abundance of buffalo caused fear to spread throughout native communities in the 1870s.
Due to the loss of electricity and a lack of men, the standard of living falls back quickly.
It gave the value of her loss as 30,000 piastres.
Loss of visibility can also allow the diver to approach other hazards such as pinch points and unexpected delta-p hazards.
Ben Amar made his professional debut for Nîmes in a 2–0 Ligue 2 loss to Gazélec Ajaccio on 23 January 2018.
She was trading in India in 1803 when a fire destroyed her, with great loss of life.
The enhancement observed in neural envelope responses is consistent with enhanced auditory perception of modulations following cochlear damage, which is commonly believed to result from loss of cochlear compression that occurs with outer-hair-cell dysfunction due to age or noise overexposure.
However, it remains unclear to which extent deficits associated with hearing loss reflect poorer TFSn processing or reduced cochlear frequency selectivity.
Polish legal scholar  writes that "A scientist who would like to investigate crimes committed by Polish citizens or the scale of Polish collaboration risks the loss of his time, money and reputation in lengthy proceedings against her/him commenced by someone who feels insulted."
The cause of the crash was determined to be a loss of control as a result of the aircraft flying into an area of strong turbulence which caused it to exceed critical angles of attack.
This was the third biggest loss in absolute terms for the index (thus far)".
Engl made his professional debut for Rot-Weiß Erfurt on 8 October 2017 in the Thuringian Cup, coming on as a substitute for Philipp Klewin in the 2–1 away loss against fellow 3.
Sloppy second-half play resulted in a 15–0 Ole Miss loss.
A third consecutive loss followed on October 21 in the form of an 18-17 nail biting defeat at the hands of South Carolina.
After a 33–10 loss to #5 Georgia, Mississippi defeated TCU,  27–9.
After a 17–0 shutout loss to Auburn, the Rebels won three straight, defeating Vanderbilt, 30–6, SMU,  48–41 in overtime after trailing by 22 in the game's third quarter, and South Carolina, 30–28.
In January 1815 she stranded on the Charleston Bar and became a total loss.
Loss of function of the beta cells, reducing their capacity to compensate for insulin resistance, results in a lower disposition index.
In the 1960s adjustable buoyancy life jackets (ABLJ) became available, which can be used to compensate for loss of buoyancy at depth due to compression of the neoprene wetsuit and as a lifejacket that will hold an unconscious diver face-upwards at the surface.
He made his debut in that game coming on for Rabah Slimani in the 55th minute of an eventual 13–15 home loss.
She made her debut in the twenty-six point loss to the  at VU Whitten Oval in the opening round of the 2018 season.
47 was severely damaged and was deemed a total loss, and CSX locomotive No.
On 29 July 2012, aged just 15, he made his senior debut for the reserve team by playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 Segunda División Profesional de Chile away loss against Deportes Iberia.
The sole objective not completed was the landing of the central core; while its fate was initially ambiguous due to signal loss and heavy smoke, Musk confirmed several hours after the launch that the booster had not survived the recovery attempt.
He gained his first full national team cap on 1 September in the first leg at Kuala Lumpur in a 3–1 loss.
This is seen in assault (including rape and mugging), troubles getting along with others in social networks, and job loss all being heritable.
At the time of the report there had been no further trace, and so she was presumed foundered with the loss of all hands.
When Pamela begins to show signs of memory loss and believes that he is their father, Stone reluctantly increases her medication on her doctor's advice, concerned that stopping the medication could cause her to become suicidal.
Prior to the beginning of the shoot, Silambarasan undertook a weight loss regime to get into shape for his character.
Moreover, after learning valuable lessons from the 1939 bushfires and tragic loss of life the Commission used its Licensing and Royalty powers to regulate where new mills could be built.
The loss of Marie Stanton inspired Robert to become the greatest inventor in history.
Doona's first goal of the season came in the League Cup, scoring in a 2–1 loss at home to Dundalk on 1 April 2019.
 Non-uniform RF energy received by adjacent slices during a multi-slice acquisition is due to cross-excitation of adjacent slices with contrast loss in reconstructed images (Fig.
He was expected to replace Ezgjan Alioski at the left back role after Alioski's contract expired, and made his debut for the club in that position on 14 August in the second half of the season opener at Old Trafford, where he came on as a tactical substitute for Rodrigo in a 5–1 loss.
He made his debut for Dover in a 3–1 away loss at AFC Fylde on 24 February 2018, coming on as a 77th-minute substitute in the match.
After being an unused substitute in a 4–4 draw against Gimnasia y Esgrima on 26 August 2017, he made his Defensa y Justicia debut on 24 September in a loss against Colón.
On 29 January 2018, PNB filed a complaint with the CBI, wherein it was alleged that Nirav, Ami Modi, Nishal Modi and Mehul Choksi, all partners of M/s Diamond R US, M/s Solar Exports and M/s Stellar Diamonds, in collusion with two bank officials committed the offence of cheating against PNB and caused a wrongful loss.
During Super Bowl LIV against the Kansas City Chiefs, Samuel rushed twice for 53 yards and caught five passes for 39 yards during the 31–20 loss.
(In the political atmosphere of the time, Sokolov risked the loss of his own position.)
In their 3-set loss against eventual gold medalists China, Drews, used sparingly, contributed 6 kills on 12 swings (50% hitting efficiency).
Lemaître made his debut at the professional level for Reims in a 1–0 Ligue 2 loss to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard on 11 February 2017.
In 1963 the tree was struck by lightning, splitting the main trunk from top to bottom and causing the loss of at least one branch.
She had embarked 442 slaves and she landed 405, for a loss rate of 8.4% At some point Captain Thomas Huson replaced Garnet.
He was sent off on his third tier debut in an away loss to San Antonio Unido on 23 February.
Lloyd's Register showed it as Thompson, but an account of her loss gave it as Sever.
On March 4, 2018 Żuk added silver medal to her achievements from 2018 Junior World Championships in 10 km pursuit, losing only to Czech Davidová at a loss 28.1 sec.
The eye abnormalities including clouding of the cataracts and retinopathy, which can lead to vision loss.
The Report also predicted higher unemployment, a stagnating economy, rising inflation and an irreplaceable loss of GDP.
Lacour-Gayet's 1905 book on the navy under Louis XVI was written at a time when the loss at Fashoda was still remembered with bitterness and many in France were hostile to England.
Despite Kvik's 32 kills, Gregory "balblna" Oleinick struggled with just 14 kills in the overtime loss as the Russian team was the first team in the Legends stage to be eliminated.
Following that performance, Kasatkina wasn't able to maintain her form failing to win back-to-back matches until the Asian swing including a second round loss at the US Open to Aliaksandra Sasnovich.
Not In This World is a collection on "love and friendship...joy, grief and loss."
Following his progress through their youth ranks, he made his professional debut with the club's reserve team in a 5–1 LigaPro loss to Real on 18 February 2018.
At the US Open, Nishikori revenges his 2014 US Open final loss when he defeated Marin Čilić in a close five-set victory.
Tibisay Lucena, president of the Council, announced the loss of 582 computers, 49 408 voting machines, 400 electronic ballots, 22 434 power inverters, 49 323 fingerprint scanners and 127 ballots that were due to be withdrawn.
She made her debut during round four of the 2018 season in a 73-point loss to the  at VU Whitten Oval.
The loss was the final game for Mississippi State interim head coach Gary Henderson, who led the Bulldogs on an improbable run to the CWS Semifinals.
Following the release of quick count results that indicated that PSI would fail to qualify for the People's Representative Council, Grace released a statement conceding the loss and vowing to continue supporting incumbent president Joko Widodo.
The wages of the crew—£175 3s.—were still owing and it was necessary to determine a date for the loss of the ship in order that those wages could be paid to the dependents of the crew members.
 Bell 429 - four ordered, 2 delivery with one hull loss in 2017.
Despite missing three games due to injury, Leonard had a team-leading 121 tackles including 71 solos, six tackles for loss, five sacks, six passes defended, five interceptions, and two forced fumbles.
Isilo's death resulted in international media attention due to his celebrity status and the loss of his tusks, considered a National Heritage artifact.
One the night of 12/13 August, as 127 Bde took over a line of advanced outposts that had been occupied that day, a heavy German counter-attack was launched but was repulsed with great loss.
Spencer, who would add the title of associate head coach in 2018, helped the Nittany Lions defense lead the country in sacks per game with 3.62 and fourth in tackles for loss with 8.2 per game.
After accounting for increases in government tariff revenue and gains to U.S. producers, the study authors estimated the aggregate U.S. real income loss to be $7.2 billion (0.04% of GDP).
She had embarked 185 slaves and landed 166, for a loss rate of 10.3%.
Nadal regained the top ranking as a result of Federer's second round loss.
On 27 December, the 4/12th Infantry engaged a company-size VC unit southeast of Firebase Nashua, killing 30 for the loss of three U.S. dead.
It was later released in Europe through Dunk!Records and in North America through Translation Loss Records.
Prior to his loss of vision, he was an avid snowboarder.
He suffered hearing loss which he attributed to the flying of the Lancaster Bomber.
The first sporting event held at the stadium was on 3 July 2021 when a rugby union crowd of 4,400 watched the summer internationals header, featuring Romania v Argentina and ended with a 17-24 loss.
He made his first grade debut from the bench in his side's 26-24 loss to the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks at Parramatta Stadium in round 7 of the 1987 season.
Several critics pointed out that the death of Bernardo is a loss to the film industry as he had contributed to the film industry immensely during his lifetime.
A major flood of the dry suit can cause a sudden large loss of buoyancy at any time during a dive.
On January 21, 2019, Bliznyuk recorded a season-high 18 points, shooting 7-of-13 from the field, in an 81–100 loss to Hapoel Eilat.
His work conducted with people with sensorineural hearing loss and computational models of auditory perception showed how cochlear lesions may alter the neural representation of TFS cues in the early stages of the auditory system, even in regions of the pure-tone audiogram where hearing is clinically considered as normal.
The main threats to the species are loss of habitat due to urbanisation, weed invasion, uncontrolled track expansion and impacts due to recreational use.
In contrast to most stroke patients, who typically prefer more weight-bearing on their non-hemiparetic side, this abnormal condition can vary in severity and leads to a loss of postural balance.
Purdue was held to its lowest score and fewest total points since a 17–9 loss to Wisconsin in 2017.
A dipole can align to stabilize or destabilize the formation or loss of a charge, thereby decreasing (if stabilized) or increasing (if destabilized) the activation barrier to a chemical event.
Besides directly confronting the debate about national memory loss and historical revisionism regarding the war period, by juxtaposing the visible imperial symbol with the obstructed democratic constitutional guarantees hidden below, Yanagi's installation pointed to the structural contradictions of Japan's modernization.
This is due to a quartz fiber having the ability to transport data at a speed of 1 terabit per second, and having a transmission loss of 1 decibel per kilometer.
In the cases of CDKN2A and RASSF1A DNA these genes are methylated, resulting in the loss of tumor suppressor genes.
He scored his third goal for the club on the final matchday in a 3–2 loss against Al-Ettifaq.
Camara debuted for the Mali national football team in a 2–1 friendly loss to South Africa on 13 October 2019.
The twenty point loss was the largest deficit the Cavaliers suffered their entire season.
The government, reportedly at a loss as to what to do, ordered several thousand box dinners and decided to try and wait the students out.
However, unlike "stable expression," the foreign DNA does not fuse with the host cell DNA, resulting in the inevitable loss of the vector after several cell replication cycles.
On 31 August the ARVN 21st and 37th Ranger Battalions trapped a PAVN unit in a bend of the Song Ky Lam with the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines on the opposite bank killing 80 PAVN with one captured for the loss of seven ARVN dead and 45 wounded.
This was England's first win against Ireland at the Aviva Stadium since their 12–6 victory in 2013, which was also Ireland's last Six Nations loss there (a run of 14 games unbeaten).
Vines made a substitute appearance in Colorado's MLS Cup Playoffs first-round loss to Minnesota United FC.
Willis made his amateur debut in 2009, a second-round loss, before competing again as an amateur bout on the Strikeforce: Diaz vs. Noons 2 against Steve Dickey.
In a Week 3, Stewart collected a season-high nine solo tackles and broke up a pass attempt during a 30-27 loss against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He started in South Africa's opening match in the competition, a penalty shootout loss to Madagascar.
The loss dropped MSU out of first place and put them a game behind Purdue and Michigan in the Big Ten standing with a 9–3 record, 18–5 overall.
Martin’s college career ended with a loss in the First Round of the NCAA Tournament to Florida 61–70.
Morelli took a considerable loss and had to borrow to pay his crews, who were mostly Corsicans.
Papadakis and Cizeron maintained their lead from the Rhythm Dance winning their fourth World Title in five years by finishing eleven points higher overall than silver medallists Sinitsina and Katsalapov, with the French team's only loss being to Tessa Virtue & Scott Moir in 2017.
In October 2020, Purdue University Global reported -$47 million in net assets, with a net operating loss of $103 million.
On May 10, Wade logged his first career double-double with 19 points and a career-high tying 12 rebounds in a 111–102 loss to the Indiana Pacers.
Quarterback Blake Barnett of South Florida, formerly the #1 recruit out of high school and transfer from Alabama and Arizona State University rushed and passed for two touchdowns each as USF erased a 10-point deficit late in the 4th quarter to hand Georgia Tech its first loss of the season.
Mitchell debuted for the Grenada national football team in a 3-3 (3-4) 2017 Caribbean Cup qualification penalty shootout loss to Puerto Rico on 1 June 2016.
The 20–4–0 season ended in the NCAA Elite Eight in a 2–1 loss to Texas A&M.
She had embarked 413 slaves and she landed 371, for a loss rate of 10.2%.
A progressive loss of eyesight forced her to cease painting.
He made his debut in the 82-point loss to  at UNSW Canberra Oval in the opening round of the 2018 season.
The outbreak of World War I and Germany's subsequent loss of her overseas colonies, together with the death of Carl Hargenbeck in 1913, created an opportunity for Joseph, as Germany's hitherto dominant position in the trading of animals for zoos became vacant.
As a consequence of their diffuse kinetochores, holocentric chromosomes may stabilize chromosomal fragments created by accidental double-strand breaks, preventing loss of the fragments and favouring karyotype rearrangements.
Deletion bias is the phenomenon in bacterial genomes where the rate of DNA loss is naturally higher than the rate of DNA acquisition.
The Indian Cricket Team are sure about their loss without Zoya but after Nikhil gives them a speech about how each one of them has worked hard to reach here and didn't need a Zoya Factor, implying that they certainly do not need one now.
The subsequent court martial exonerated Burr for the loss of his ship.
On January 1, 2021, Johnson scored a career-high 26 points in a 103–109 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers with ten rebounds, two steals, an assist and a block.
Control over these natural plant processes should be achieved to prevent food spoilage, sprouting or growth of produce during storage, and reduction in quality or desirability, such as through wilting or loss of desirable texture.
Writing for Daily News and Analysis, Aditi Sheshadri called it an "interesting and uncommon account of social discrimination" but further said that it is not the "stirring, dramatic, intensely personal tale of love and loss that it could have been."
Throughout his first term as President, Roosevelt was extremely popular in the “Solid South” and despite embryonic concerns over loss of southern control of the national party due to abolition of the “two-thirds” rule and some hostility to FDR's repeal of Prohibition he was overwhelmingly and in many places almost unanimously supported by Arkansas’ limited electorate.
On December 16, 2019, DiVincenzo scored 5 points, grabbed 10 rebounds, recorded 9 assists, and recorded 3 steals in a 120–116 loss to the Dallas Mavericks.
On 27 March, a subsequent clash between Soviet motor torpedo boats (D-3 class) and German S-boots caused the further loss of Soviet units TK-166 and TK-196 and other units damaged.
German submarine  struck a mine and sank in the Strait of Dover with the loss of all 35 crew.
Eubanks made his NBA debut on October 20, 2018, in a 108–121 loss against the Portland Trail Blazers, playing three and a half minutes and scoring two points.
This is a big loss for the state.”
On 5 March, he made his first career appearance in a continental competition when he started in a 2–0 loss to Tigres UANL in the CONCACAF Champions League.
The signal loss in coaxial components led to the first widespread use of waveguide, extending the filter technology from the coaxial domain into the waveguide domain.
That a deputation be appointed to wait upon His Excellency the Office Administering the Government, praying that an investigation be held into the circumstances of the loss of the Schomberg, and the property of the passengers."
During the tournament, Chuckie displayed a much more aggressive attitude, attacking his opponents with steel chairs which often caused a disqualification loss for the team and caused tension to built between him and Beretta.
At night, when temperature and water loss are lower, the CO2 diffuses through the stomata and produce malate via phosphenolpyruvate carboxylase.
He made his NHL debut on October 23, playing 9:58 minutes of ice time in an overtime loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins.
On 6 April 2018, he made his debut for the club in a 2–0 home loss to Jiangsu Suning, coming on as a substitute for Lu Lin in the 87th minute.
He held his spot over the next month, and was among Richmond's best in a round 4 loss to  after a performance that included 17 disposals, a goal and an equal game-high seven score involvements.
The Baltic Basketball League assessed Vytautas with a technical loss of 20–0 and fined the team €3,000.
Booker also overtook former point guard Stephon Marbury to become the franchise's 25th best all-time scorer and finished the game with 28 points in a 123–103 loss to the Warriors.
Finally, the ships fired at each other for several hours, causing deaths and loss of cargo on the Spanish side.
Although the fate of the A-3 is still unsure, it is assumed that the submarine was sunk by depth charges on 28 October 1943 by the German auxiliary anti-submarine ship Shiff 19 at Karkinit Bay at  with the loss of all 32 crew.
The tournament was won by Scottish side Watsonian after they beat the home side Melrose 19-14 in a tightly fought final to win the Ladies Cup for the first time since 1996 and was Melrose’s second consecutive loss in the final.
There is considerable overlap between the ingredients used in pre-workout blends and other supplements intended for weight loss, improving mood, life extension, or as purported nootropics or aphrodisiacs, although certain ingredients tend to be found only in products intended to assist in bodybuilding or athletic training.
On 14 May the PAVN ambushed a supply convoy 1 km north of Route 9, the 2/3 Marines was sent to relieve the convoy and pursued the PAVN into a bunker complex killing 74 PAVN for the loss of 7 Marines.
He also scored three goals, one an equalizer in a 2–3 loss to Northern Spirit which set the fans into exultation.
In 1834 he received large compensation (over £50,000) for the loss of slaves (following the abolition of slavery in UK colonies) in British Guyana where he owned the Endeavour, Johanna, Enterprise, Annandale and Perth plantations.
She scored 23 points in the Sky's loss to the Las Vegas Aces in the second round of the playoffs.
Paseka played 24 games for Manly in the 2021 NRL season including the club's preliminary final loss against South Sydney.
After The Fiend's loss against Randy Orton at the event, various personalities like UFC's Daniel Cormier, John Cena Sr., Booker T, Erick Rowan, and Mark Madden showed support to Bray Wyatt and criticized his booking treatment in WWE.
This eventually led to the loss of CPI(M) in the elections of 1988
He scored two goals vs. eventual Division champions Apollon Smyrni during the 2016–17 season opener, a thrilling 3−2 away loss.
The 2018 loss to Iowa State had many similarities to the 2017 game between Oklahoma State and Kansas State that resulted in a K-State victory 45-40.
Madrid suffered a 0–3 loss against CSKA Moscow in the last matchday of the Champions League group stage.
By 10 July the 3/9 Marines had linked up with the 3/3 Marines at LZ Savannah, the VC had offered minimal resistance losing 87 killed for the loss of 8 Marines killed.
With an average ticket price of $25, the team was likely foregoing $600,000 just from ticket sales, in addition to a nearly equal amount from parking and concessions, for a total loss of over $1 million.
He scored his second goal for his country capitalising on a John Stones mistake in a 2–1 away loss against England on 31 March 2021 in a 2022 World Cup qualifier.
As he deals with the loss of his wife, Facilier shows up and offers a chance to communicate with Belle by having Rumplestiltskin give up his dagger in exchange.
The year 1970 came with a great loss for the artist: his great supporter, art critic Petru Comarnescu's death.
This last was a serious loss to the enemy line.
On February 16, 2019, Davis scored his 2,000th career point in a loss to Old Dominion.
These gender gaps are detrimental as they are associated with the loss of potential talent.
Due to the loss of blood for the host fish, the parasitic behavior of E. californica is thought to influence the host growth process.
He came off the bench in the 85th minute, replacing Georgi Stoichkov in a 4–2 away loss.
The point of both the auditory trainer and the hearing aids were for Lynn to learn how to use her residual hearing, the small amount of hearing abilities even someone with hearing loss has.
On February 16, Henderson totaled 13 points, six rebounds, two assists and a block in a loss to the Wisconsin Herd.
Lloyd's List reported the fact of the loss on 18 June 1813.
According to The New York times, Bolsen is quoted as saying "The idea is disruption without bloodshed, I condemn the loss of life and the use of violence against people", he said.
In order to restore joint cartilage after injury due to chondrocyte loss, cell therapy and chondrocyte replenishment has been shown to work in certain studies.
In Week 10 against the Seattle Seahawks on Monday Night Football, Warner recorded a team high 10 tackles, sacked Russell Wilson twice, and forced a fumble on offensive tackle Germain Ifedi which was recovered by teammate DeForest Buckner for a 12 yard touchdown in a 27–24 overtime loss.
In Week 17 against the Baltimore Ravens, Snell rushed 18 times for 91 yards and a touchdown during the 28–10 loss.
Edmonds made his NFL debut on September 9, 2018 in a 24–6 loss to the Washington Redskins, rushing four times for 24 yards and catching four passes for 24 yards.
His 22.0 tackles for loss as a senior is a new Memphis single season record.
In the NFC Championship against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Valdes-Scantling recorded 4 catches for 115 yards and a touchdown during the 31–26 loss.
In the 27–20 loss, he had a single reception for 27 yards.
In Week 7 against the Carolina Panthers, Oluokun had a career-high 16 tackles in the 13–19 loss.
Lawler gained first-team all-conference recognition as a senior, as well, racking up 74 tackles, 15.5 for loss, 9.5 sacks, two forced fumbles, and three blocked kicks for the Mustangs.
An inquiry in to the loss of SS Ina Mactavish was held at the Moot Hall in December 1907 and February 1908.
| 2009-04-19|| Loss ||align=left| Yuichi Hatada ||  || Saitama Prefecture, Japan || ||  || 
The attack was eventually repulsed for the loss of 7 U.S. killed and 35 VC killed.
(At worst, loss of the ZIL may lose very recent transactions, but the ZIL does not usually store more than a few seconds' worth of recent transactions.
It has been hypothesised that this species is under threat as a likely result of habitat loss.
In 1998 she came into political conflict which resulted in her loss of opportunity.
The team was ranked 17th in the first poll of the season, but dropped from the poll after a loss to Maryland.
Ochoa appeared for USL side Real Monarchs on April 22, 2018 in a 2–0 loss to Tampa Bay Rowdies, becoming the second-youngest goalkeeper ever to debut in USL.
However, Pdr3p is crucial for PDR responses since cells containing loss of function mutation in both PDR1 and PDR3 genes weren't able to grow at all in the presence of those two toxins.
City lost 2–1 loss, with Riley McGree scoring his first goal for the club, and were knocked-out of the cup.
The game ended in a 1–3 home loss.
The loss of associated value was of grave concern to BAE, press described a "furious row" between BAE and EADS, with BAE believing the announcement was designed to depress the value of its share.
The Owls drove down the UCF 20 yard line, but facing a 3rd & 10, Trysten Hill sacked Anthony Russo for a 10-yard loss, UCF's first sack of the night.
A maritime archaeologist at the Western Australia Museum said that the evidence indicated that the likely cause of the loss of the ship was an explosion.
In the 2019 Fiesta Bowl against Clemson, he had 320 passing yards, one touchdown, and two interceptions in the 29–23 loss in the College Football Playoff semifinal.
On 16 February 2020, following a 0–2 loss against Virton, Lokeren could no longer avoid these playoffs.
He eventually made his professional debut in January 2018 during a 2–0 loss away to Talleres.
A loss of function mutation in this gene has been associated with developmental encephalopathy.
The season began with an away loss to Mansfield Town, leaving County in 23rd place in the league table.
Nonsuch and General Elliot sailed on 30 August to the site of the loss.
Heredia made his professional debut for Boca Juniors in a 3-2 Torneos de Verano loss to Godoy Cruz on 15 January 2018.
By 10:00 a.m. the fighting here also ended; outnumbered, the Zulus had been driven off with the loss of ten killed.
Some women who have experienced violence in the home risk the loss of their jobs related to their need for medical treatment, counselling, finding new housing and legal protection.
Raids became larger and resulted in permanent settlement, especially as the Avars were able to capture fortified cities, leading to loss of imperial control over the surrounding areas.
The main threats to the species include inappropriate fire regimes, habitat loss, weed invasion and grazing by feral animals and domestic livestock.
Standard measures are use for the treatment of lymphedema, sensorineural hearing loss, and the other non-malignant anomalies associated with the Emberger syndrome.
Patrick Klepek from Vice found the depiction of their relationship and their shared grief over the loss of their son to be powerful and believable, and that it does as much to make Origins memorable as the changes the game introduced to the franchise's combat system.
A youth academy product of Bursaspor, Mustafa made his professional debut for Bursaspor in a 5-2 Süper Lig loss to Gaziantepspor on 20 March 1999.
Charles I also promised him some compensation for the loss of his estates.
The loss left the Saints out of the relegation zone on goal difference only.
His work has also demonstrated that the adult brain represents sound features in a remarkably flexible way, continually adjusting to variations in the statistical distribution of sounds associated with different acoustic environments as well to longer term changes in input resulting from hearing loss.
Touchstone Re, a separate application for assessing the risk to reinsurance portfolios, industry loss warranties, and insurance-linked securities, has been announced for August 2018.
Diamond tips for SPMs are fabricated by fracturing, grinding and polishing bulk diamond, resulting in a considerable loss of diamond.
On 13 July 2016, Shibasaki played for the Queensland under 20's team against New South Wales, playing at centre in the 36-22 loss at ANZ Stadium.
On November 21, 2018, Anthony Davis reached 10,000 career points in a loss against the Philadelphia 76ers, becoming the eighth youngest player at 25 years and 255 days to reach the milestone.
In a long-term relationship an unexpected loss of a partner, through rejection or death, can even result in enormous grief or anger.
On 2 December 2017, he made his senior debut in a 2–1 loss to Hong Kong Pegasus in the 2017–18 Sapling Cup, coming on as a substitute for Li Rui.
Republicans publicly attributed Williams's loss to the challenges created by Hinson's scandals.
23.8 million euros are thereby direct costs, divided into primary care, specialist care, hospital care, cost of allied healthcare professionals, pharmaceutical care, weight loss interventions and public interventions.
This species is threatened as a result of change of habitat, in particular the loss of its host species due to farming and urban development.
A youth product of Kayserispor, Adem made his professional debut for them in a 3-2 Süper Lig loss to Yeni Malatyaspor on 18 May 2018, at the age of 16
On January 30, 2019, Williams set a new career high in scoring with 21 points, and set personal bests in field goals (eight), 3-pointers (five), assists (three) and minutes (38) in a 105-99 loss to the Denver Nuggets.
Head coach Sean McDermott was later criticized for his decision to punt from the Indianapolis 42-yard line on fourth and one in overtime, as a tie-game would have been as detrimental as a loss for Buffalo's chances.
In August 2021, Schofield joined the Atlanta Hawks for the 2021 NBA summer league, recording no points on 0-3 shooting, 7 rebounds and 4 assists in 25 minutes at his debut, a 85–83 loss against the Boston Celtics.
The game finished 0–0, the Reds having put in a poor performance against a United side that made all three substitutions in the space of 25 minutes in the first half and lucky to avoid a late loss, as a Joël Matip own goal was disallowed.
Most notable of which are his collaborations with NASA towards implementing a ‘first of its kind’ RFID integration leveraged towards reducing inventory loss and record better replenishment accuracy.
Member Minho admitted they had struggled after the tragic loss, but were willing to move forward.
Skeletal remains from Newfoundland suggest high child mortality and a coarse diet leading to gum decay and tooth loss.
He was called up to the national team and made his debut alongside four other players on 30 September 2009 in a friendly match against Colombia, assisting on Mexico's sole goal during the 2–1 loss in Dallas, Texas, United States.
They surprisingly lost the Agricultural Society Trophy final, only their second loss of the season.
His professional debut arrived on 3 February in the Super League, he played the full ninety minutes of a 1–0 loss to PKNP.
The Dangarsleigh War Memorial is of state heritage significance as a rare example of a privately designed and commissioned monument in NSW honouring the service of the Australian men during World War I and the great loss of life that was experienced across the country.
However, he could only manage one further win in the remainder of the season, which finished in a 10–5 loss to Chris Wakelin in the World Championship.
Water-soluble nutrients are maintained in the suspension liquid allowing for no loss of nutritional value if the liquid is consumed.
Ward posted 22 points and 18 rebounds in a loss to the Grand Rapids Drive on January 15, 2020.
This is then followed by an oxidation at the terminal carbon by FosK, and finally, a loss of malonic acid by FosM yields the desired natural product.
Sattu agrees to pay it back within some time, which leaves his family to undergo hard times with loss of face in the society, and his mother Shanti Mishra being forced selling all her jewelry to repay the money to Aarti's family.
The pilot reported that he believed that the throttle fell back to the idle position due to a loose clamp; an FAA inspector "concluded that the power loss was due to failure of the engine throttle control cable."
The purpose of the sampling was to investigate potential causes of sublethal effects of young trout and loss of benthic biodiversity in the creek.
He made his debut that day as the starting pitcher against the Cleveland Indians, and took the loss after allowing four runs in four innings.
Šamanić debuted for Olimpija on 21 September in an 86–60 loss to Crvena zvezda at the 2018 ABA League Supercup, recording 2 points and 3 rebounds in 19 minutes.
On December 12, he scored a career-high 36 points in an 81–78 loss to Missouri.
After yet another tough loss at home, the Iron traveled west to take on the Fleet.
After the loss of the Battle of the Netherlands by the Dutch forces, Koningin Emma der Nederlanden fell into German hands.
Criticisms were addressed in a later publication, which gave an estimate of $125 trillion/yr for ecosystem services in 2011, which would make them twice as valuable as the GDP, with a yearly loss of 4.3–20.2 trillion/yr.
After being eliminated by a 3–0 loss to Brazil, South Korea competed with their historical rival Japan for a bronze medal.
The war against shipping was the single most decisive factor in the collapse of the Japanese economy, and the Cabinet of Japan reported to the National Diet after the war that  “the greatest cause of defeat was the loss of shipping.”
He found himself a regular in Collingwood's best 22, playing every remaining game in the season, including the finals series and the Grand Final loss against West Coast where he kicked 1 goal.
A loss gave the losing team 1 point unless the losing team lost by 3 or more goals, then they received 0 points.
On 3 May 2018, O'Brien made his debut for SJK's senior side as a 79th minute substitute in a 3–1 loss to KuPS.
Her older son, Ivan, died at a young age, apparently having been stabbed to death; this was a loss that would always be in her mind as Ivan's son would also pass away in similar circumstances years later.
With Federer's loss, Rafael Nadal regained the world No.
As with many other species of animal on the Australian continent, impacts of land clearing, altered fire regimes, and agricultural endeavours result in loss of habitat for L. muelleri.
The company's ultimate goal revolves around treating inherited retinal diseases by stopping and potentially reversing vision loss.
It is important to encourage patients to use a fluoride containing toothpaste over the denture abutments to minimise tooth surface loss and risk further infection.
The loss of several subpopulations has been documented.
Psychiatrist Kamran Ahmed highlighted the factors in Arthur's childhood such as parental abuse and loss, and family history of mental illness in the genesis of his condition.
Capitis deminutio maxima involved loss of family, citizenship and liberty (i.e., a slave or a prisoner of war).
Cosmic-Ray Energy versus Energy Loss 
At the time of the loss in 1894, the Rodney was owned by Permewan, Wright & Co and was said to be one of the most powerful steamers on the river.
On 23 April 2018, she made her debut in a 1–0 away loss to Suwon UDC.
The loss of two of its larger fleet units affected the navy's long range patrols and support of amphibious operations until replacement ships were purchased.
They had previously appeared in one Wild Card Game, a loss in 2014.
He saved another penalty in a match against Wrexham, although it could not prevent a 1–0 loss.
As she takes it, the fourth flag falls and, with all prophecies fulfilled, the citizens of Arcadia are struck with the loss of the Beat.
In describing the threat to his career after the loss of his arm, Casa said, "Soccer is not played by the arms and I knew I was going to be back."
1976-77           "Self-Creation and Loss of Self: Mary Daly and St. Teresa of Avila," Studies in Religion, Vol.
Smith made the Devils opening night roster for the 2020–21 season, making his debut on January 14, 2021, against the Boston Bruins and recording his first NHL goal in the Devils' 3–2 shootout loss.
On March 22, Merkley played in his first playoff game with Peterborough, as he was held to no points in a 7–0 loss to the Oshawa Generals.
In 1615, Fazughli is said to have been conquered by the Ethiopian emperor Susenyos,  which, according to Spaulding, resulted in the loss of its independence.
Therefore, many health damage occurs and national loss occurs.
Anne left Retford due to some unknown trouble, or loss of fortune, in 1610 and proceeded to London by waggon-coach.
Bizama would make his debut on 31 May, coming on as a sub in a 3–2 loss to Romania.
Van Soest and Corver were dismissed with loss of salary and rank, and were declared unfit to serve the Company again in any capacity.
This attracts the attention of Saudi technocrat Sami bin Rashid, who wanted to provoke the United States into a quagmire in the Middle East fighting ISIS, which would then recoup the loss of profit in Saudi oil.
In round 17 of the 2021 NRL season, Lewis scored two tries for Canterbury in a 22-16 loss against the Sydney Roosters, which left the club bottom of the table, four points adrift of second last Brisbane.
Denial of service (DoS), theft of confidential information, data alteration, and data loss are some of the common security problems afflicting data center environments.
The Hyderabad team, led by Pragyan Ojha, began their campaign in the Vijay Hazare Trophy, a List-A cricket tournament in India, with a loss against the Kerala at Vasco da Gama on 14 February 2013.
On January 24, Quickley scored a career-high 31 points in a 116–113 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers.
At Chapter 33 on 31 July, after a loss to Damian Dunne and Pete Dunne, Seven turned heel, attacking Bate and aligning himself with Pete Dunne, thus and forming British Strong Style.
They finished inside top-2 of Group B in the Plate League to advance to the knockout stage with two wins, two draws and a loss.
However, a loss to Thailand the next day meant the team was eliminated.
Tantamani's fate after the loss of Thebes is not entirely clear: he seems to have ruled for some time as king of Kush, as suggested by a relief of him in Jebel Barkal.
In 234, Qin forces dealt a defeat to Zhao at Pingyang; however, Qin suffered a loss the year after when Li Mu forced Huan Yi to flee to Yan.
The record attendance for a football match in Kraśnik was on 30 April 1967 when a crowd of 15,000 attended Stal's 0–2 loss to Motor Lublin.
Where artefacts are exposed, loss of evidence may occur
Howard is burdened with guilt and HHM suffers from his inattention, the financial strain of paying out to Chuck's estate, and the loss of clients resulting from the firm's damaged reputation.
Noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) typically occurs when the auditory system experiences an elevation of hearing thresholds due to exposure to high-level noise, a phenomenon known as a temporary threshold shift (TTS), and does not return to normal threshold levels.
He made his debut on March 22, 2018, in a 3–2 loss against the Philippines.
As a result of the early warning and subsequent evacuation of about 450,000 people, the loss of life was minimal.
On 16 July, the senate passed a unanimous resolution condemning the Mastung bombing and expressed grief over loss of lives.
Three points were be awarded for a win, one for a draw, and none for a loss.
No one was ready to play, in my opinion.” In the tightly packed Big East standings, the loss dropped the Hoyas all the way from third to seventh place.
He translated several works from English into Gujarati, including Ashis Nandy's The Intimate Enemy: Loss and Recovery of Self Under Colonialism as Antarang Ari, G. N. Devy's After Amnesia: Tradition and Change in Indian Literary Criticism as Smrutibhranshna Pagle Pagle and Chandulal Bhagubhai Dalal's biography of Harilal Gandhi as Harilal Gandhi: A Life (2007).
That was due to the loss of children to his family.
It was the first album that the band produced in a studio since the loss of the Ocropolis (the band's dedicated Brooklyn studio), which was destroyed when the Monster Island Building came down in 2011, as a result of gentrification.
On 19 August 2018, she made her debut in a 3–1 loss to Arsenal in the FA WSL Cup.
The capstan was torn from its spindle, and there was extensive loss of sails and rigging.
A win in eight or fewer ends will earn a team 3 points, a shoot-out win 2 points, a shoot-out less 1 point, and 0 points for a loss in eight or fewer ends.
The site is  from the closed Dounreay nuclear research reactor, and HIE is seeking £5 million of Nuclear Decommissioning grants to offset the loss of Dounreay jobs.
On 9 January 2021, Avdija recorded an NBA career-high 20 points and hit five three-pointers, along with five rebounds, five assists, and two steals in a 128–124 loss against the Miami Heat.
While most patients can achieve substantial clinical improvement using this approach, those with large rotator cuff tears have consistently demonstrated poor outcomes due to loss of the stability provided by these muscles.
Fazliu made his professional debut for Grasshopper in a 1-0 Swiss Super League loss to FC Sion on 19 February 2018.
He played his first match in the league against Home United where he came off the bench in the 64th minute in the 6-1 loss.
"The Poetics of Loss in Greek Epic" in Epic Traditions in the Contemporary World: The Poetics of Community (UC Press, 1999)
The Super Kings made runs from their middle-order, with Ambati Rayudu and MS Dhoni scoring 42 and 37 runs respectively, to see the team amass 131 runs for the loss of 4 wickets.
Macon made his NBA debut on October 26, 2018 against the Toronto Raptors, playing one minute and scoring no points in the Mavericks' 107–116 loss.
It was Pitt's first loss in four years, since Warner had started coaching there.
This time, Acevedo Vilá emerged to take full responsibility of the 2008 loss and noted that his pro-sovereignty proposal actually had the opposite effect, instead unifying the groups that had been historically divided between the "enhanced" Commonwealth and free association in polls conducted by Peter D. Hart.
The Royal Commission of Inquiry into the Design, Construction, Management, Equipment, Manning, Leading, Navigation and Running of the Vessels Engaged in the Coastal Coal-carrying Trade in New South Wales and into the Cause or Causes of the Loss of the Colliers Undola, Myola and Tuggerah, sat for 29-days in 1919-1920 and called 123 witnesses.
He led the team to the Philadelphia Public League title game in his senior year, and to a semi-final loss in the Pennsylvania 4A Boys Basketball Tournament.
Camara made his international debut for the senior Guinea national team in a friendly 2–0 loss to Mauritania on 24 March 2018.
On October 30, Rogers scored 24 points for Ármann in a disappointing 65-88 loss against the Honka Playboys in the first leg of the FIBA European Cup Winners' Cup.
Despite the loss, Senate received ₱2 million for charity as runner-up.
Tursun said she and other inmates were forced to take unknown medication, including pills that made them faint and a white liquid that caused bleeding in some women and loss of menstruation in others.
Manager Pavel Hapal was fired on 27 July 2018, a day after loss against FK Spartak Subotica in first leg of UEFA Europa League's Second qualifying round.
The loss of temporal power greatly enhanced papal control over the church in Italy.
In 1964 the golf course architect Frank Pennink was asked to appraise the course and help its redevelopment after new land was bought in compensation for loss of land taken over by the adjacent airport.
First rider across the line without a net lap loss wins.
In 1885, Augusta was sent to carry a set of replacement crews for ships that were deployed to the South Pacific, but she sank in a cyclone in the Gulf of Aden with the loss of all aboard.
The machines were loud, and may have led to hearing loss in one of her ears.
He debuted for the Guinea national team in a 1–0 friendly loss to Comoros on 12 October 2019.
The 2–0 loss ended their winning run of 9 league games, but left them still on top of the league with three points clear.
The bye also receives two points; a loss, no points.
Points system : Win by an innings or 10 wickets = 5, Win = 4, Draw with first innings lead = 2, No Result = 2, Draw with first innings deficit = 0, Loss = 0.
On 28 April 2019, Waine made his first start for the Phoenix in a 5–0 loss to the Perth Glory.
He loss the fight by TKO in the first round.
The latter mutation results in the protein being mistargeted to the mitochondrial matrix, resulting in the loss of interaction with SCO2 and COX2.
He was further compensated for loss associated with damages sustained to clothing due to leakages in the roof.
Kell had an injury-shortened senior season, missing time with an ankle injury suffered in a January 27, 2018, loss to UNLV.
A third loss will almost certainly move them out of any hope to play in the postseason.
Policy making can be performed on a different scales on a national level and on an international level, to establish international cooperation that will coordinate the activities of all nations to avoid collision, space debris, and the loss of space assets and services.
On 15 August Erprobungsgruppe 210 slipped through to attack RAF Martlesham Heath and got away without loss, despite being engaged by the Harwich AA guns while withdrawing.
He made his professional debut for Amiens in a 2–0 Ligue 1 loss to Olympique Lyonnais on 12 August 2018.
Mobley had a season-high 34 points and set a St. Bonaventure record with nine 3-pointers in a loss to VCU on February 4, 2017.
In the summer of 1940 the United Kingdom was faced with the loss of Norway, Denmark, the Low Countries, and France, and the British Isles came under constant air attack by the German air force, in what is known as the Battle of Britain.
He made his debut in La Liga on 5 March 1972, playing 60 minutes in the 1–0 away loss against Sporting de Gijón.
He finished his formation with UD Almería, and made his senior debut with the reserves on 13 October 2013, coming on as a half-time substitute in a 0–3 Segunda División B home loss against La Roda CF.
He also gave Gozzi his first loss and first points, as Gozzi fell into a tie with Koskela at 3 points.
On 13 September after Drita loss against KF Llapi, Bekim Isufi resigned from the position of the coach!
He was substituted on in the 62nd minute for Saliou Sané, with the match finishing as a 6–0 home loss.
However, the syndrome does not cause vision loss or any other permanent damage.
His first match in the competition took place on 19 August, when he came on as a second-half substitute for Álex Carbonell in a 0–2 away loss against UD Las Palmas.
He made his professional debut on 14 August 2018, replacing Rhys Oates in a 3–1 EFL Cup away loss against Preston North End.
In the group stage, two points were awarded for a win, one point for a halved match, and no points for a loss.
Discussing his work, Segedin says, "[My] paintings are about loss, about loneliness, about search.
The season ended with a blowout home loss to Washington State on November 22, two weeks before the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
He made his debut on 17 January 2020 in a 2–3 loss to TOP Oss, coming on as a substitute in the 72nd minute for Mitchell Paulissen.
Christian Contreras as Commander Dorwin, an Imperial soldier sent to investigate loss of contact with Terminus.
Lloyd's List reported on 3 May 1808 that Adventure, Parker, master, had become a total loss on 28 April 1808  on the North Sand Head, near Deal, Kent, while sailing from London for the South Seas.
Ahead of another loss on April 30, the Nationals finally placed Rendon on the 10-day injured list as he continued to reel from his hit-by-pitch arm injury from the Marlins series, and they selected the contract of left-hander Dan Jennings from Harrisburg, designating Austin L. Adams for assignment to clear space on the roster.
Rainey took the loss as he gave up two runs in the top of the tenth inning and the Nationals left the tying and winning runs on base against Braves closer Luke Jackson.
The Nationals rebounded to salvage the series finale on September 15, benefiting from a pristine start by Aníbal Sánchez and scoreless relief innings by Hunter Strickland and Doolittle, as well as an offensive resurgence that sent Fried to a third-inning exit and a loss.
He added nine points, four assists and nine rebounds in a 79-74 opening round loss to Big X.
Three wrestlers ended the round with 3 points (win by fall and loss, in either order).
Despite his loss to Douglas, who was considered a historically weak candidate, Garcia announced his plan to challenge incumbent Republican Governor Doug Ducey in April 2017.
Bakırbaş made his professional debut with Göztepe in a 1-0 Süper Lig loss to Galatasaray on 19 August 2018.
Further highlighting the odd results of the scoring system, the bout between Riheczky and Lindblom resulted in both being eliminated: Riheczky despite winning to improve to 2–1, while it took a third loss to finish Lindblom.
April 5 – Minnesota Twins shortstop Jorge Polanco hit for the cycle in his first four at-bats of a 10–4 loss to the host Philadelphia Phillies.
Enri made his first-team debut for the Rojiblancos on 22 December 2019, replacing injured Ante Ćorić late into a 2–3 home loss against SD Ponferradina.
The loss dropped the Cubs out of first place.
Kris Bryant homered and drove in two runs while Kyle Schwarber also drove in two runs in the loss.
The loss moved the Cubs to 4.5 games behind the Cardinals for the division lead and only 1.5 games ahead of the Arizona Diamondbacks for the second wild card spot.
Çoban's loss moved him to 4 points; Charlier's and Dunn's eliminated them.
Following their loss, Pham announced that he would be taking a break from the professional scene.
The Parramatta (II) memorial was re-dedicated nearby the stern memorial in 1986 and is a significant site of respect and remembrance to the Royal Australian Navy, veterans, and family of the 138 crew killed in the vessel's World War Two loss in action.
On 25 August 1996, Waterman made his professional debut for Portsmouth as a substitute in a 1–0 loss against Ipswich Town.
Fonatni made his professional with Niort in a 1-0 Coupe de la Ligue loss to LB Châteauroux on 14 August 2018.
Semantic dementia, a degenerative disorder, causes a progressive loss of semantic and conceptual knowledge.
Loss prevention officers in the store watched on security cameras as Whitton and Caudle walked around the store with a cart for most of the next hour.
the loss of shutters).
In Week 17 against the Chicago Bears, Boone rushed 17 times for 148 yards and a touchdown during the 21–19 loss.
While drinking in a bar following the conflict and mourning the loss of one of his friends, he gets accosted by a drunken German soldier who accuses him of cowardice, prompting Gerhard to openly denounce Hitler in a furious outburst.
In the final result, the PTI made a net gain with 31.82% of the vote (its highest share of the vote since its foundation), while the PML-N made a net loss with 24.35%.
The loss of an orphan's parents within literature is often depicted as a motivational trauma by which they are propelled to pursue their goal.
Farmers called for the renegotiation of the FTAs and economic reparations that are caused by the loss of sales.
The match finished as a 0–3 away loss.
She struck a mine and sank in the River Colne, Essex on 19 January 1948 with the loss of all on deck.
In Round 1 of the 2020 NRL Women's season, she played her first NRLW game in 755 days in a 4–18 loss to the Sydney Roosters.
Vica and Tatave consider Uncle Sam's defeat to be revenge for the loss of the SS Normandie.
In his freshman year Ford played in 7 games and had 9 total tackles and 1 tackle for loss.
Martinez earned two more Big Ten Freshman of the Week honors following a loss to Ohio State on November 3 and a victory over Illinois on November 10.
Suffering from memory loss as a result of her traumatic escape, unaware of the full facts about Alba's attempts on her life, Don Pedro Cuevas assumes she is running away from an abusive relationship.
Martín made his top tier debut on 15 August 2021, replacing Óscar Valentín in a 0–3 away loss against Sevilla FC.
The development of these hypersaline conditions was due to a period of drought which caused a loss of benthic and planktonic grazers.
He had 17 points, eight rebounds and five blocks in a season-ending loss to Miami in the NIT semifinals.
Following the loss of these forts the garrison abandoned the entire fortress, prompted by the desertion of their commanding officer on the previous day, the assault having lasted only eleven days.
In July 2018, decentralized exchange Bancor was reportedly hacked and suffered a loss of $13.5M in assets before freezing funds.
He made his senior debut with the former's reserves on 12 November 2017, starting in a 0–1 Tercera División away loss against CD Huétor Tájar.
Elias Leight of Rolling Stone wrote, "On Love, Loss, and Auto-Tunes best songs, [Ryan] Olson's synth-heavy backdrops evoke the late Eighties, landing somewhere between early Chicago house music and twitchy hip-hop."
García made his professional debut on 12 September 2018, starting in a 1–2 away loss against Real Zaragoza, for the season's Copa del Rey.
The singer stated that the loss of individuality might even compromise democracy, as people are fed information that is calculed by their personal tastes and positions, difficulting them to search or understand other worldviews.
Holland founded Amplifon in Milan, Italy in 1950, in part because of his experience with servicemen suffering hearing loss in the war, and because of the invention of the transistor in the late 1940s.
There has been an economic loss.Pakistan's unique location not only enriches it with a wealth of resources, but also increases the risks.
He made his professional debut on 15 September, replacing Maryan Shved at half-time in a 0–1 home loss against FC Vorskla Poltava.
He appeared in four games with one tackle, which was for a loss, in his first season with the team before entering the regular defensive line rotation as a redshirt junior.
The greatest threats faced by corals are loss of habitat and global climate change.
Cattle may experience skin lesions, anemia, and rapid weight loss.
His next appearance would come almost twelve months later, as he came off the bench in a home loss to Boca Juniors on 21 February 2021.
Not long after the first pair arrived, they sank a British cruiser and an escort destroyer without loss or damage to themselves in the Battle of Sept-Îles in October 1942.
He was named first team All-Southland Conference after making 86 tackles (58 solo), 7.5 tackles for loss, 2.5 sacks, four passes defensed, one interception (returned for a touchdown), four forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and two blocked kick.
Norway B's first match was a 3–1 loss against Sweden B in Stockholm on 29 September 1929, which was also the debut game for Sweden B.
On November 12, 2016, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton directly attributed her election loss to Comey.
On 28 October 2018, after scoring a brace in a 3–2 loss at Everton de Viña del Mar and celebrating one of his goals by proposing to his fiancée, Bello suffered an injury which sidelined him for three months.
After the NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship loss Matt Taven turned "face" (good guy) when he saved Volador Jr. after he was attacked by Rush, together the two chased Rush from the ring.
Her brief obituary in The Newcastle Courant remembers her contributions to literature, concluding that: "Her life was much devoted to works of piety and benevolence, and her loss will be deeply felt".
United States were on track to defending the title and were the sole leader after eight rounds, but their loss to Poland in the ninth round set them back from winning the gold.
 Weight Watchers (diet), a comprehensive weight loss program and diet.
This is a phenomenon which occurs due to the directionality of DNA replication enzymes, resulting in the gradual loss of genetic material at the ends of linear chromosomes after each subsequent cycle of cell and DNA replication.
He made his league debut for Blackburn in their 3–1 away loss to Watford on 21 October.
Aryanization resulted in an immense financial loss for Slovakia and great destruction of wealth.
The ship was sunk by Soviet aircraft after dawn at  with the loss of 137 crewmen after T23s departure.
"Admiralty War Diaries: Loss of HMS Khartoum, June 1940".
Insurance is a means of protection from financial loss.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Tigers team member
After his mask loss, Muñoz adopted the ring name "La Bestia del Ring", ("The Beast of the Ring" in English) and became an official member of Los Ingobernables.
On August 27, Alonso hit his 42nd home run of the season in a 5–2 loss to the Chicago Cubs, setting a new record for home runs in a season by a New York Mets player.
Her weight loss journey was the basis for the reality TV show, Mama June: From Not to Hot, which aired on We TV on February 24, 2017.
Approximately half of Hawaii's green sea turtles nested on the island, and Charles Littnandirector of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's protected species divisionstated it would take years for the implications of the island's loss to be fully understood.
Seattle scored seven runs off of Sale, who only pitched three innings and took the loss.
Matt Barnes was charged with his sixth blown save of the season, and took the loss.
He played 22 total games while in Póvoa de Varzim, and scored once to equalise in a 2–1 loss away to eventual double winners FC Porto in the quarter-finals of the Taça de Portugal on 14 January.
He recorded his first career NHL goal in a 5–3 loss to the Dallas Stars on October 13.
Johnson scored his first goal as a Fighting Sioux  on November 9 in a 4–2 loss to Nebraska Omaha.
Respond to dry suit flood - Manage insulation and buoyancy loss due to flooded dry suit.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Athletics team member
On a wet and blustery Friday evening in England's northwest, the Broncos battled gamely, and a now trademark defensive display from Danny Ward's men kept the southerners in the contest for long periods, although ultimately could not prevent a (0-26) loss as St. Helens returned to the summit of the early season league ladder.
Morgan Smith kicked his first goals for London Broncos in the Coral Challenge Cup Round 5 loss at Betfred Championship club, Halifax R.L.F.C.
In 2016, she writes an article about the devastating effect of Hillary Clinton's loss during the 2016 United States presidential election.
At the Italian Open, she suffered a shock loss to Kristina Mladenovic in the third round in two quick sets.
He then played in the All-Ireland loss to Kerry.
It is a loss that will take years to fill, if it is ever filled.
2017: Super Bowl loss
Killing more than 200 billion land and aquatic animals every year, the AIC has been implicated in climate change, ocean acidification, biodiversity loss, and the Holocene extinction.
In Week 3, against the Buffalo Bills, he had 20 carries for 114 rushing yards and one rushing touchdown in the 35–32 loss.
He followed it up with a third round loss to Shapovalov at the Paris Masters.
The week ended with the first home loss, against Basket Navarra Club.
The Leasehold Reform Act 1967 (houses) and the Leasehold Reform, Housing and Urban Development Act 1993 (for flats) aim to ensure that the landlord has fair compensation for this loss of value.
In Week 12 of the 2019 season against the Chicago Bears, Love recorded his first career interception off a pass thrown by Mitchell Trubisky and returned it for 30 yards in the 19–14 loss.
He made his full international debut eight days later, starting in a 4–3 loss against the former at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium in Doha.
The expedition resulted in the loss of seven lives including those of Burke and Wills.
On September 13, 2020, Lamb made his NFL debut in the season opener against the Los Angeles Rams on NBC Sunday Night Football'', recording five receptions for 59 yards in the 20–17 loss.
He scored the only goal for Greece in the tournament, in a 2-1 loss against Denmark at Tampere.
Arcadian St. Johns wort is threatened by wetland loss, fire suppression, grazing, and habitat destruction.
Her performance at other grand slam events was also encouraging with a fourth round loss at Wimbledon and US Open to go with a third round appearance in Australian Open.
The match ended with Carístico once againd defeating his rival Black Warrior, this time forcing Black Warrior to have all his hair shaved off as a result of the loss.
The storm dropped to a pressure of , bringing strong winds and blizzard conditions, causing a complete halt to transportation and power loss to 20,000.
Within this operation in the Battle of Ong Thanh on 17 October 1967 the Division's 271st Regiment ambushed the U.S. 2nd Battalion, 28th Infantry Regiment killing 68 U.S. for the loss of 22 killed.
Relieving Sirk in a 52–27 loss to Houston on November 4, Minshew completed 52 of 68 passes, setting East Carolina records for both attempts and completions, for 463 yards, three touchdowns, and one interception.
Lindo made his international debut for Sint Maarten on 10 September 2018, in a loss to Haiti, in a qualifying match for the 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League.
During Week 13 against the Cleveland Browns, Batson recorded three catches for 14 yards, including his first NFL touchdown, during the 41–35 loss.
On 21 June 2017, he made his senior debut in a 1–0 away loss to Jiangsu Suning in the 2017 Chinese FA Cup.
As a result of the loss Zatura, while being strapped to a gurney, had to remove his mask and per lucha libre traditions had to reveal his real name.
However, in the fiscal year ending March 1998, Sega suffered its first financial loss since its 1988 listing on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
This was the first time a grip strength meter has been used for rodent research on orbit, and the data gathered will be used to assess the efficacy of the anti-myostatin treatments in preventing muscle loss in space.
On August 15, Carlos Correa hit his 100th career home runs in 7–6 loss to the Athletics at Oakland Coliseum.
Age-related hearing loss gradually occurs in many people as they get older, typically affecting those over the age of 65.
He scored his first NFL touchdown in the NFC Championship against the San Francisco 49ers on an eight-yard reception from Aaron Rodgers in the 37–20 loss.
He withheld guilt for his first love, but he worked through the pain and loss with Jo.
In Week 2 against the San Francisco 49ers, Williams recorded his first two sacks of the season during the 31–13 loss.
Back in the present, Raghav is shocked at this moment of loss and asks Anni if he felt like committing suicide at that moment, having lost a battle this close.
She notes that the circumstances surrounding Mary's loss of virginity are decidedly ambiguous.
My estimate of the loss – that is, the lowest cost –  $92,456 on the pictures, although I do not think that they could be replaced to-morrow for a hundred and fifty thousand.
The National Trust of Australia was against the loss of Iona and the property development of the area and in 1976 the National Trust classified Iona as part of the Darley Street Group.
Fonseca's professional debut arrived on 1 September 2018, when the forward was subbed on for the last eleven minutes of an away loss to Banfield.
Film critic Jay Scott panned the film, calling it a "technically deficient film" which played "soggy games about loss, illusion and memory that are as predictable as they are soporific".
In week 10 against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Murphy recorded his first career interception off Jameis Winston in the 30–27 loss.
appearance in the qualifying final loss to the Sydney Roosters, as a replacement hooker for suspended captain Simon Woolford.
Simms debuted in the Canterbury round 14 win over the Melbourne Storm and played again the following round in a loss to Canberra.
Baranchyk rebounded from his loss against Taylor with a fourth-round technical knockout victory against Gabriel Bracero on 5 October 2019, on the undercard of Gennady Golovkin vs. Sergiy Derevyanchenko.
Trubnikov's loss provoked a huge corporate dispute, because his 60% stake was automatically put under trust and crisis management and 40% stake belongs to his 1st wife, Irina Trubnikova.
During this improved shooting streak, Nickens scored 13 points in a 74–70 loss to Penn State on February 7, 2018.
Datalex warned that it expected to report an adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) loss of between $1m (€870,000) and $4m (€3.5m), compared with the consensus view among analyst for an almost $16m profit (€14.1m).
Her first lead role was in the 2014 independent film in Mary Loss of Soul.
Montes made his senior debut on 20 August 2017, starting in a 0–1 home loss against RCD Mallorca.
He made his professional debut on 1 November, starting in a 1–2 away loss against Cádiz CF, for the season's Copa del Rey.
Annually, poor sanitation and hygiene problem cause three million disease cases in Lao, 6.000 premature deaths and the children in rural areas suffer from poor sanitation is very high at 49 percent in 2011 making 193 million dollar national economic loss per year, equal to 5.6% of GDP.
He recorded 38 tackles, two tackles for loss, seven pass breakups and an interception as a senior.
He played one NRL game in 2005, scoring the Cowboys' only try in a 4–34 loss to the St George Illawarra Dragons.
In Round 4 of the 2002 NRL season, Alberts made his NRL debut as an 18-year old in the Cowboys' 20–50 loss to the New Zealand Warriors, starting on the wing.
He made his professional debut with Toulouse in a 1–0 Coupe de la Ligue loss to Lorient on 31 October 2018.
Cracraft was promoted to the Broncos active roster on November 2, 2018 and made his NFL debut two days later in the Broncos' 19-17 loss to the Houston Texans, returning a punt for five yards.
The following season, on 23 October 2017, he made his league debut for Śląsk Wrocław as a 77th minute substitute in a 4–1 loss to Wisła Płock.
They claimed that the marketing, advocate and contract fees, and amount paid to the filmmakers resulted in a total loss of 1.38 crore.
He dies of blood loss as Kaname fights, and becomes Kaname's main motivation to find the Game Master and clear the game.
He made his league debut in the 1–0 away loss to Lokomotiva Zagreb, on November 3, 2018, having already debuted for the club in the Croatian Football Cup match against Inter Zaprešić on October 30, 2018.
On October 23, 2019, White made his debut in the NBA, coming off the bench in a 126–125 loss to the Charlotte Hornets with 17 points, three rebounds and seven assists.
The loss of the rear yards to public use has destroyed evidence of its former residential use.
Liga for VfR Aalen on 23 August 2008, coming on as a substitute in the 71st minute for Christoph Teinert in the 0–2 home loss against Rot-Weiß Erfurt.
On 11 November 2018, Isidor made his professional debut with Monaco in a 4–0 Ligue 1 loss to Paris Saint-Germain.
In 2013 he was elected a trustee of the charity, Action on Hearing Loss (formerly the Royal National Institute for Deaf People), and re-elected in 2016.
On 18 July 2018, Kaya signed with Göztepe after a season as the top scorer in the TFF Second League Kaya made his professional debut with Göztepe in a 2-1 Süper Lig loss to Büyükşehir Belediye Erzurumspor on 10 November 2018.
He made his competitive debut for the club as a 67th minute substitute in a 3-0 league loss to Östersunds on 29 April 2019.
With the loss, the Broncos were officially eliminated from postseason contention.
Fortunately to counter this loss, up to 15 ex-league players from St Paul's College Bellambi (more young Christians) decided to sign up.
The Lions responded with a two-yard touchdown pass from Stafford to Jones, making the final score 42–30 in favor of Minnesota, for Detroit's third consecutive loss.
Installation issues pertaining to drilled-and-grouted piles include borehole stability, unwanted soft cuttings at the base of the hole, hydrofracture of the soil leading to loss of grout, and thermal expansion effects.
The disease presents with generalized swelling of lymph nodes, enlarged liver and spleen, skin lesions (rash, or, less commonly, nodules, plaques, purpura, and urticarial), bone marrow involvement, and B symptoms of fever, weight loss, and night sweats.
The loss dropped them to 3-3, and their streak of losing three games against the Jets continued.
El Huracán uses the metaphor of the hurricane to explore natural disaster, trauma and the loss of memory through Alzheimer's.
Within the Communist Party of Great Britain, dissent that began with the repudiation of Stalin by John Saville and E. P. Thompson, influential historians and members of the Communist Party Historians Group, culminated in a loss of thousands of party members as events unfolded in Hungary.
With the loss the Giants tied the franchise record of nine consecutive defeats set in 1976.
This loss would eliminate the Redskins from playoff contention for the fourth consecutive season.
With the loss, the Bills fell to 10–5 and allowed New England to clinch the divisional title.
This was the Patriots' only game outside of the Eastern Time Zone during the  season, and their first loss to Houston in a decade.
He made his 2021 NBA Summer League debut in a 92–76 loss versus the Toronto Raptors where he went scoreless along with six rebounds and one steal.
After a tough road loss, the Bengals went home to face the 49ers.
With the loss, the Bengals head into their bye week at 0–8.
With the loss, the Bengals fell to 1–13.
The loss eliminated the Browns from postseason contention for the 17th consecutive season, having last made the playoffs in 2002.
After a tough loss, the Steelers traveled southwest for Round 2 against the Bengals.
They could not get anything going offensively until it was too late in a 31–6 loss.
With the loss, the 49ers dropped to 11–3 on the year and fell to the #5 seed in the NFC with the Seattle Seahawks victory over the Carolina Panthers.
A loss by the Rams later that day clinched the Seahawks their seventh playoff appearance in the last eight seasons.
The chain supermarkets, in particular, reported that traffic had been down significantly, estimating the overall loss at around €600 million ($) as of 13 December.
He made his professional debut on 17 November 2018, starting in a 0–2 away loss against Málaga CF in the Segunda División.
The Buccaneers committed seven turnovers in a 37–26 loss to Carolina in London.
The extent of stabilizing effects in the region of unbihexium is uncertain, however, due to predictions of shifting or weakening of the proton shell closure and possible loss of double magicity.
On October 23, Porter made his debut in the NBA, playing in a 85–94 loss to the Orlando Magic and finishing with one rebound, two assists, and a steal.
As a junior, he had three interceptions, 10 pass breakups and 37 tackles, including three for loss and one sack and was named All-Big Ten honorable mention.
In a press statement, Posner said the album "deals heavily with love, loss and eventual acceptance".
Subsequent business loss led to objections being raised by traditional eating establishments.
Marriage leave is the legal right to enjoy leave of absence  by an employee due to them getting married without loss of wages.
His first professional fight in his hometown of Anaconda was a matchup against Johnny Persol, a light-heavyweight contender with a record at the time of 12 wins, 1 loss, and 1 draw.
The medical treatments weakened his immune system and he was eventually diagnosed with Systemic Candidiasis, which caused extreme weight loss and pain.
In Week 6 against the Indianapolis Colts, he had six receptions for 125 receiving yards in the 31–27 loss.
Excluding National Fire Service casualties caused by enemy action, forty Glasgow firefighters lost their lives firefighting in 'Tinderbox City', from the loss of four men at W & R Hatrick's Chemical Works in Renfield Street in 1898 to Sub Officer McGill at Maryhill Road in 1972.
Cre died sixteen months before Tietjens, who suffered from the loss and from failing health for the remainder of his life.
Observations and research over the last five decades show that, overall, the Central Asian glaciers portray more mass loss than mass gain.
With funding from the NICHD, Martin and her colleagues have researched different types of short-term memory loss and its impact on word learning and sentence comprehension.
The loss was calculated to be $150,000.
NIOSH has conducted one noise evaluation of a casino in 2003, but did not find any evidence that noise in that casino was loud enough to put employees at risk of hearing loss.
Singer also laid blame for the loss of 200,000 jobs in the city with Daley, and pledged that as mayor he would bring jobs back.
Kaya was substituted off in the 66th minute for Darío Lezcano, with the match finishing as a 1–2 home loss.
During Week 7 against the Green Bay Packers, he rushed 21 times for 124 yards in the 42–24 road loss.
The Republican Party maintained a majority it has held since 2011, winning 63 seats, a loss of one seat, and 44.75% of the voting share.
Following Murray State's loss in the 2019 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, Morant announced his intention to forgo his final two seasons of collegiate eligibility and declare for the 2019 NBA draft, where he was selected as the second overall pick by the Memphis Grizzlies.
These were added to the Mark III specification, offsetting any loss of range due to the increase in vertical angle.
He finished his collegiate career with 64 tackles, 18.5 for a loss, and 8.5 sacks with one forced fumble in 32 games.
In Week 9 against the San Francisco 49ers, Isabella caught one pass for an 88-yard touchdown in the 28-25 loss.
On 7 May 2017, aged just 17, he made his senior debut with the reserves by coming on as a half-time substitute in a 1–4 home loss against Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa in the Segunda División B championship.
By enforcing the order of distances, triplet loss models embed in the way that a pair of samples with same labels are smaller in distance than those with different labels.
June 2 – In an afternoon Rose Garden appearance, President Clinton laments the loss of an American aircraft in Bosnia.
Kay attributed his loss to the cold weather in Australia.
The loss of Kharkov, Sponsoby and Besposhchadny to German dive bombers on 6 October prompted an infuriated Stalin to issue an order forbidding the use of ships destroyer-sized and larger without his express permission and Boyky saw no further action during the war.
Three points were awarded for a win, one point for a draw and none for a loss.
However, kicker John Carney missed the extra point, resulting in a 20–19 loss by the Saints.
The wetland is currently threatened by peat mining and by water loss from avocado growing.
 ISO 5660 Reaction-to-fire tests – Heat release, smoke production and mass loss rate
Its susceptibility to habitat loss has paired with damage from invasive species.
Although her submission of provocation failed (under R v Duffy the loss of control needed to be sudden, which this was not), she successfully pleaded the partial defence of diminished responsibility under s.2 Homicide Act 1957 on the grounds that fresh medical evidence (which was not available at her original trial) may indicate diminished mental responsibility.
The main theme in this novel is grief over the tragic loss of a loved one.
Liga on 10 November 2012, coming on as a substitute in the 28th minute for Christian Weber in the 0–3 home loss against Hallescher FC.
Brogan's son Ken also played for Souths and featured in the 1949 grand final loss to St George.
On March 30, 2013, he became the youngest player to debut in the Prva HNL, aged 16 years and 2 days, coming in from the bench in the 78th minute during the 1-0 away loss vs. RNK Split for Tomislav Mazalović.
And the induction of a small but significant weight loss.
However, he was then defeated by Michael Holt 4–6, making this the third consecutive loss to Holt in 2016.
He finished his rookie season with two tackles, one of which was for loss, in three games played.
In the championship game, Culver again struggled, scoring 15 points on 5/22 shooting in an 85–77 overtime loss to Virginia.
(2008) The Root of the Opium War: Mismanagement in the Aftermath of the British East India Company's Loss of its Monopoly in 1834.
In February 2017, NDF launched an initiative called "My Hair For Cancer" to help cancer patients battle hair loss due to chemotherapy.
Harry Kenny left his post on the 24th August following a 3–1 loss away to bottom of the table UCD in the FAI Cup.
If mad with loss existence ‘gins to tire,
Bisphosphonates can be used to reduce bone loss and fractures due to androgen deprivation therapy.
As a senior, Reaves recorded 104 tackles, seven tackles for loss, three interceptions and three forced fumbles and was named Sun Belt Conference Defensive Player of the Year.
It became so popular that in 1619, Captain Sebastian de Piñeda wrote to King Philip III of Spain complaining of the Filipino "Indio" settlers in Nueva España who were causing significant loss of profits to Iberian alcohol exporters due to tuba.
The Chippewa tribe reported an economic loss of nearly $100,000 daily in funds that the federal government was supposed to provide as a treaty obligation.
On January 19, 2019, he played in a friendly for Celtic reserve side as a trialist in a 3–4 loss to Arbroath.
Samuel Ikome Sako, Acting President of the Interim Government of Ambazonia, wrote that he personally admired Ivo for his bravery, and that his death was a great loss to the nation.
 Sam Evans (Big Brother), Big Brother 14 contestant from Llanelli, born with 70-80% hearing loss
Later events, however, indicated that Harper's illness represented a considerable loss to the "Establishment".
He was selected for his debut by manager Duilio Botella, who substituted the forward on for the last two minutes of a 3–1 loss against Estudiantes on 7 March 2014.
In his senior season, Gafford made 43 total tackles, a forced fumble, and a tackle for a loss with four interceptions and six pass deflections and was named second-team All-Mountain West Conference.
He made his debut for Al-Ahli on 4 September 2020, coming on as a substitute in the 11th minute for Yasser Al-Mosailem in the 2–1 away loss against Abha.
Tolliver made his NFL debut on December 9, 2018 in a 17–3 loss to the Detroit Lions, making two catches for 22 yards.
He made his professional debut with the club in a 1–0 Ligue 2 loss to Chamois Niortais on 4 December 2018.
The season turned out to be a disappointment for Miele, as he played 29 games in all competitions, scoring 3 goals but just 15 of those appearances were starts in the league and he played no part in Rovers' narrow 2–1 aggregate loss to Swedish side AIK.
There was no loss of life during this earthquake.
In late 1919, he sold his Texas enterprises and properties near Port O'Connor for a loss of $133,000.
On 12 May 2018, Gundel-Takács played his first match for Újpest in a 0–1 loss against Puskás Akadémia in the Hungarian League.
While Biden did carry the Hispanic/Latino vote by a 59–40 margin, this was eleven points weaker than Hillary Clinton's 61–31 win in 2016 among Latinos, in spite of her loss statewide.
Despite Biden's loss statewide, he did manage to flip Warren County, home to Vicksburg, which had voted Democratic in 2012 but flipped back to the GOP column in 2016.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 30 August 2017, starting in a 1–0 Copa Paulista away loss against Portuguesa.
Further, Sharma has an interest in neuroplasticity for both infants and young children and age-related hearing loss in older adults.
There was such a loss of equipment, that the first two months of training back in Hawaii had to be limited to physical training, weapons training, and classroom work.
SS S.C. Baldwin was a wooden-hulled steam barge built in 1871, that capsized in a storm on August 26, 1908, on Lake Michigan, off Two Rivers, Wisconsin, United States, with the loss of one life.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 20 February 2016, starting in a 0–1 Segunda División B away loss against Valencia CF Mestalla.
Shinyashiki continued his success in 2020, starting 14 of Colorado's 19 matches, including the Rapids' first-round playoff loss.
Following Han's loss in the presidential election, Kuomintang chairman Wu Den-yih announced his intention to resign.
Their only loss was to NC State of the FBS, in their first game of the season.
Wood spent 1 season with Souths and played at halfback in the club's 24-8 finals loss to Western Suburbs.
With producer Justin Gerrish (Vampire Weekend, Hamilton Leithauser), they recorded 11 songs in 11 days for their second album, Landscape, which focuses on themes of love, loss, and perseverance.
Points were awarded in each pool on the standard schedule for rugby sevens tournaments (though different from the standard in the 15-man game)—3 for a win, 2 for a draw, 1 for a loss.
Following the destruction of her castle and the loss of Berserker, Illya takes shelter with Shirō and Sakura.
The streak ended with an 89–80 loss to Villanova, which prevented Penn from sweeping its Big 5 games.
The IS-2 tank first saw action in Ukraine in early 1944 and claimed to have destroyed more than forty Tigers and Elefants for the loss of only eight tanks.
The loss of acuity tends to be symmetric between the eyes.
The 2018 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team finished 12–1 on the season, with an undefeated regular season followed by a 30–3 loss to the Clemson Tigers in the Cotton Bowl Classic, their first appearance in the College Football Playoff.
He made two further bench appearances and started the 2019 King Cup semi-final loss against Al-Taawoun.
On 13 August 2016, Szalai played his first match for Paks in a 1-3 loss against Budapest Honvéd FC in the Hungarian League.
During long period of darkness, such as storms or blooms that block sunlight, algae loss starts from the tentacles, hypostome and growth region.
Her only loss came against world No.
He made his debut for Helmond Sport on 6 August in a 0–2 loss to FC Den Bosch.
This was a recurrent problem that accounted for the loss of several of the type.
 The podcast series "The Murder In My Family" has broadcast a 45-minute episode focusing on the abduction and murder of Rachael Runyan and the ongoing effect her loss continues to have on her family.
Speculation also occurs in the selling of card assets when a reprint is expected in an effort to maximize financial gain and minimize loss.
The Irish Genealogical Research Society (IGRS) is a society founded in 1936 by the Reverend Wallace G. Clare to build up a library and archive of Irish genealogical material to offset the loss of many Public Record Office documents in the burning of the Four Courts in Dublin, during fighting in 1922.
On November 26, he scored a season-high 37 points, including 33 in the second half, and posted six rebounds, four steals, and three blocks in a 93–85 loss to third-ranked Michigan State at the Maui Invitational.
Following the resignation of Kerry senior manager Éamonn Fitzmaurice after the county's loss to Kildare in the 2018 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, Keane was approached to succeed Fitzmaurice.
Two legislators who sponsored the act wrote an op-ed arguing that violence resulting in a loss of pregnancy could still be prosecuted as first-degree assault.
After being in net for the San Jose Barracuda and in the taxi squad for the 2020–21 season, he made his NHL debut on 10 April 2021, in a 2–4 loss to the Los Angeles Kings, playing the final period.
David Pastrnak of the Boston Bruins, representing the Atlantic, was named the Most Valuable Player after recording a total of four goals and two assists over the course of both the Atlantic's 9–5 semifinal win over the Metropolitan team and their loss in the final to the Pacific team.
He responded by tallying 6.0 sacks, 11.5 tackles for loss and 4 pass break-ups to earn First Team All-Big 12 honors and closed out his collegiate career with a sack in TCU's Cheez-It Bowl victory over California.
The two faced at All Out on September 5, where MJF was defeated, marking his first loss in a singles match.
The Jaguars finished in the top five in the Sun Belt Conference in pass defense, pass efficiency defense, tackles for loss and third-down conversion percentage against.
In 2015, Hays is a widower, Amelia having died a few years earlier, and suffering from worsening memory loss.
Frances Hardinge based this idea on a number of British places which have legends of a Luck, an object whose loss or breakage would presage disaster.
His firefighter father Stan died fighting a fire when he was seven, a loss that continues to affect him; he also deals with numerous medical problems, including Crohn's disease and ADD, and smokes marijuana constantly.
"Enron Jolt: Investments, Assets Generate Big Loss --- Part of Charge Tied To 2 Partnerships Interests Wall Street", October 17, 2001
Oklahoma traveled to Manhattan expecting a relatively easy road win but instead were pushed to what experts expected to be a critical loss for the Sooners in their hunt for the national title.
McNeese State finished their regular season with a 9–1 record (6–0 in conference); their only loss was to Nebraska of Division I-A.
| 2014-11-09|| Loss ||align=left| Chikara Iwao|| Krush.47|| Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
Atlético Paraná were the opponents for Agüero's professional debut on 4 April 2015, with the defender playing the entirety of a 2–0 loss.
As a result of this loss, Das returned to India and lived in monasteries there, a period of reflection and re-energising that led to his meditation-based recordings and book later in the 1990s.
He went on to make nine appearances, scoring one goal, before making his last appearance on 7 June 1989 in a 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Czechoslovakia, which finished as a 0–1 loss.
The loss of the three ammunition Victory ships severely hurt the combat forces.
He went on to make five appearances, scoring one goal, before making his last appearance on 22 October 1966 in a friendly match against Belgium, which finished as a 0–1 loss.
The Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was a loss of pitch control caused by the entrapment of a pointed, asphalt-covered object between the leading edge of the right elevator and the right horizontal spar web access door in the aft part of the stabilizer.
Then we successively backpropagate this loss through the network with the CNN weights fixed in order to update the pixels of .
Slimming clubs are support groups to encourage weight loss through healthy diet and fitness.
The third and final relegated club were Girona, who concluded their two-year stay in La Liga in a 1−2 away loss at Alavés on 18 May 2019.
| largest loss       = 1–6(Sept. 21 at Tampa)0–5(Sept. 28 at Memphis)
She debuted on February 12, striking out two batters in a loss to the Texas A&M Aggies.
The same storm also resulted in the loss of other ships, including , , and , and damage to .
They warned that excessive focus on reducing pesticide use could be counterproductive as pests already cause a 35 percent yield loss in crops, which can rise to 70 percent if pesticides are not used.
President Cyril Ramaphosa stated that an additional reason for the load shedding was the loss of 2,000 MW due to alleged sabotage by an Eskom employee.
In summary, CXorf38 has roles associated with XCI escape, CNV loss, and potential abnormalities if hypomethylated.
This stretch included both a convincing home 85–78 win over the top-seeded Washington Mystics and a surprise home loss to the low-seeded Dallas Wings.
She made her grand slam main draw debut at the 1991 US Open, where she took 15th seed Helena Suková to three sets in a first-round loss.
On 21 September 1965, Kydd made his debut for Brighton in a 2–1 loss against Ipswich Town in the League Cup, before making his Football League debut against Millwall in a 2–2 home draw four days later.
In clinical trials, patients prescribed with Orlistat (120 mg) showed better weight loss than those without (8.76 kg vs 5.81 kg) in one year.
The economic loss due to this decision has been estimated at €1,5 million.
He survived, despite the huge amounts of blood loss, and was hospitalized.
He had 8 tackles and 4 tackles for loss against Ohio University.
According to the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, the top ten causes of disability in Mexico (by years lived with disability or YLDs) in 2017 were (beginning with the highest): diabetes, headache disorders, lower back pain, neonatal disorders, depressive disorders, blindness and visual impairment, age-related hearing loss, oral disorders, anxiety disorders, and other musculoskeletal disorders.
Thefirenote's reviewer wrote: "By maintaining a strong musical flow through the album, Crane takes advantage of his multiple collaborators' talents while delving into deep emotions of loss and grief without becoming maudlin and despairing, and marking it as a strong, personal statement."
On January 10, 2003, Masahiro Chono debuted for Pro Wrestling Noah, teaming with Mitsuharu Misawa in a loss to Kenta Kobashi and Akira Taue in what was called a "dream match", pitting All Japan's top stars of the 1990s against New Japan's top villain of the 1990s.
In 2017, together with Dario Sidhu, she wrote a paper (titled "Manufacturing and the 2016 Election: An Analysis of US Presidential Election Data") investigating how voting patterns from the 2016 presidential election were affected by manufacturing jobs and manufacturing job loss, using county-level voting data.
This could result in not only a loss of data (intellectual property of designs) and privacy (through a connected webcam), but literal fires from poorly designed 3D printer safety controls.
Hartwell played in the 25–13 loss against Eastern Suburbs.
She weeps for the loss of George, but looks over at Jimmy, knowing that he is finally safe.
Wellington went on to play 1 further game for Canterbury which was a 37–9 loss against South Sydney at Marrickville Oval.
a – Loss of 10 championship points.
This was highlighted by a 39-point loss to the LPU Pirates.
This results in the loss of information on the complete set of mutations defining a clonal population.
Having been an unused substitute on the bench in a Primera B Nacional home loss to Villa Dálmine on 1 February 2019, the midfielder appeared for his professional bow under manager Juan Manuel Llop three weeks later versus Defensores de Belgrano; he was subbed on for the final twenty-two minutes in place of Matías Quiroga.
He made his debut for Elgin in a 2–0 away loss to Edinburgh City after being substituted on in the final 20 minutes.
The management of these territories by the representative of the Duke of Burgundy, the bailiff Peter von Hagenbach, the economic consequences and the loss of the privileges which resulted from it for the Alsatian cities and the Swiss allied cities, seeded a revolt in the territories of Upper Rhine.
Sparks made his first grade debut for Balmain in Round 4 1981 against Canterbury at Leichhardt Oval with the match finishing in a 52–13 loss.
 Journal of Marketing Communications: "A Commentary on Marketers' Use of Disguised Forms of Product Promotion to Compensate for The Loss of Traditional Advertising's Effectiveness"
This poor run of defeats included a heavy 7–0 loss at Everton, though they were comforted by their £60 share of the 15,000 crowd.
McLeod played in Canberra's first ever game which was a 37–7 loss against South Sydney at Redfern Oval.
Overall, the end of the Civil War proved a double loss for Republican women, as it first took away the limited political power and newly won identities as women they had won during the Second Republic and it secondly forced them back into the confines of their homes.
Per the plans for this regeneration scheme, the redevelopment so far has seen a net loss of social housing units as most of the new blocks replacing the demolished buildings include a number of flats for social rent ("council housing") along with flats for sale on the private market.
His first match back was a home loss to Sarmiento on 26 August.
The team's first loss of the season would come on November 2 against the Memphis Tigers.
The Mumbai Indians were ranked first in the league table, though their season started with a loss to the Chennai Super Kings.
Sam Perkins led North Carolina with 24 points, and Daugherty had 17 in the surprise loss.
He made his professional debut for Willem II in a 4–2 Eredivisie loss to SC Heerenveen on 3 March 2019.
Bajamich made his Dynamo debut on 15 May 2021, coming off the bench in a 3–1 loss to the Colorado Rapids.
Tumour necrosis factor alpha-induced neuronal loss is mediated by microglial phagocytosis.
Rafa Ancheta made her formal debut for Uruguay on 4 March 2019 in a 0–6 friendly loss against France.
Zahov made his debut for Macedonia on 5 September 2016 in a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Albania, which finished as a 1–2 away loss.
It was shown that despite the precision of the addressing mechanism there was no noticeable loss of efficiency or additional system overhead.
This Greco-Roman wrestling competition continued to use the "bad points" elimination system introduced at the 1928 Summer Olympics for Greco-Roman and at the 1932 Summer Olympics for freestyle wrestling, removing the slight modification introduced in 1936 and used until 1948 (which had a reduced penalty for a loss by 2–1 decision).
They could not cry about the loss of their loved ones in public.
She was an American vessel that stranded near Dartmouth on 22 January 1877 with the loss of 24 lives.
This helps minimise effects of jitter and bandwidth changes, while error-correction mechanisms help minimise packet loss.
One such example in the United Kingdom is the freshwater pearl mussel (Margaritifera margaritifera) which can live for over 100 years, but have seen a loss of their habitat through changes in water quality and being fished for their pearls.
The show used candid photographs to chronicle a personal and community narrative of loss and redemption in the wake of her mother's struggle with narcotics, her illness, and the aftermath of her death from complications related to Hepatitis C in 2010.
Olmesartan works by blocking the effects of angiotensin II while hydrochlorothiazide works by increasing the loss of sodium by the kidneys.
On January 25, Philadelphia upset the undefeated New York Excelsior, which marked New York's only loss in Stage 1.
Due to a tie breaker loss to Cornell and Dartmouth they failed to qualify for the Ivy League Women's Tournament.
Yow made his first start with D.C. United on July 4, 2019 against FC Dallas, playing 58 minutes in a 0–2 loss.
In round 19, he was sent to the sin bin for a dangerous high tackle on Penrith's Isaah Yeo in Brisbane's 18-12 loss.
Ito designed the building as a house for his older sister following the loss of her husband.
Over time, these T cells commonly spread throughout the mucosal lining of a portion of the GI tract (particularly the jejunum and ileum of the small intestine), lead to GI tract nodules and ulcerations, and cause symptoms such as abdominal pain, weight loss, diarrhea, obstruction, bleeding, and/or perforation.
The appellant (Mr Tracey) brought proceedings against the respondents in the High Court seeking damages and financial loss following the termination of a contract.
The loss marked the fourth match in a row in which Mayhem had failed to secure a map win.
The season saw NYXL looking to bounce back from a disappointing loss to the Fusion in the semifinals of the 2018 playoffs after the team finished with the best regular season record, 34–6, of the 2018 season.
On March 28, 2014, Watson recorded a career-high 33 points, shooting 14-of-21 from the field, along with 11 rebounds and three blocks in a 77-81 loss to Njarðvík in the third and decisive game of the Úrvalsdeild first round playoffs series.
Dallas began their 2019 season splitting their two matches in week one – a 0–4 loss against San Francisco Shock and a 3–1 win over Seoul Dynasty.
The Spark's season came to an end in a 0–4 loss to the Shock.
The 0–4 loss ended the Gladiators' playoff run.
Los Angeles began Stage 2 on April 5 with a 0–4 sweep by San Francisco Shock to pick up their eighth consecutive loss of the season.
With all of the other Shock players focused on other engagements, none of them were near the payload and the cart rolled forward far enough for Atlanta to take the map and hand the Shock a heartbreaking 3–4 loss.
Both teams managed to take a point in the map, but London's coordination won out in the end, as they handed Shanghai a 3–4 loss in an Overwatch League record 8-map series to end their playoff hopes.
The two teams traded wins on maps three and four, pushing the match to a fifth tiebreaker match; the Titans were dominated on map five, leading to a 2–3 match loss.
Joshua Adam Schulte (born September 25, 1988) is a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) employee who was accused of being involved in a 2016 leak of classified documents to WikiLeaks, the Vault 7 documents, which The New York Times called "the largest loss of classified documents in the agency's history and a huge embarrassment for C.I.A.
In September 1806 Flight disappeared in the English Channel, and was presumed to have foundered with the loss of all hands.
The nuts themselves may have a mechanism that retains them inside the wheel once it is removed from the hub, to prevent loss and further streamline wheel changes.
The sugar plantations depended on credit from these lenders to operate, and the loss of easy credit created hardships for the planters in Tobago.
Loss of original venue
Overall though, the end of the Civil War proved a double loss for Republican women, as it first took away the limited political power and identities as women they had won during the Second Republic and it secondly forced them back into the confines of their homes.
This resulted in the Huguenots assimilating by the middle of the 18th century, with a loss to the community in the use and knowledge of French.
Tobers made his international debut for Latvia on 21 March 2019, coming on as a substitute for Artūrs Karašausks in the 68th minute of the UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match against North Macedonia, which finished as a 1–3 away loss.
That pilot eventually became Sorry for Your Loss, which Facebook ordered to series on February 9, 2018, and premiere on their Facebook Watch platform on September 18, 2018.
Frick made his international debut for Liechtenstein on 23 March 2019, coming on as a substitute for Nicolas Hasler in the 86th minute of the UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying home match against Greece, which finished as a 0–2 loss.
In Washington's 10-inning loss to UCLA in the semifinals, Alvelo threw three innings of relief before giving Plain the ball back.
By September 1989 a total of NZ$510,00 had been paid to date to the borough council for loss of generation at Piriaka.
Stephens reveals that after his girlfriend left him he was devastated and walked to Feversham, a town with more religious leaders than the Vatican City, where he had a religious experience that convinced him to tend the road to Feversham for 21 years and which caused him to accept the loss of his girlfriend and eventually, to quit writing poetry.
A settlement left Jacobsen in control of the church and manse, while Herlitz received compensation for non-employment and loss of the manse.
Wilson, after a first round win and second round bye, had his second loss in a row.
The robbery came before the House of Lords in 1939, in a case known as Philippson and Others v. Imperial Airways, Limited, in which the victims sought compensation from Imperial Airways for their loss, in respect to gold they had consigned for transfer between London and Belgium.
The site's critical consensus reads "Silicon Valley re-ups its comedy quotient with an episode that smooths out the rough edges left behind by the loss of a beloved cast member."
He had his debut at the 40-20 loss to Argentina Jaguars, at 23 October 2010, in Moscow, in a tour, aged 29 years old.
A uniform axial magnetic field inhibits positron motion radially, and voltages imposed on end electrodes prevent axial loss.
On the January 6 episode of NXT UK, Davenport failed to capture the title from Satomura, marking her first loss in NXT UK.
Ga’s voice-over narrates as collected images are arranged and re-arranged on a light box surface, weaving together experiences of loss and grief, the transient nature and meaning of personal items displaced by disasters.
The wood is highly valuable, which has led to population loss from illegal logging.
In his senior season, Hannahs averaged 20 points per game and led Pulaski to the 4A state championship game and scored 43 points in a loss to Clarksville High School.
A second attack later in the afternoon also failed and resulted in the loss of all remaining tanks and anti-aircraft guns.
He appeared in 15 games, recording 11 total tackles, including two tackles for loss.
He signed an academy contract with Orlando City's USL reserve affiliate Orlando City B ahead of the 2019 season and made his professional debut on 30 March 2019, starting in a 3–1 loss to FC Tucson in the season opener.
The loss was the biggest defeat in history in a UEFA Champions League knockout match.
PNV split in 1986, which resulted in a drop in membership and loss of affiliates.
He netted his first goal on 19 December in a 4–1 home loss to Peñarol.
He scored the first professional goal in the team's history on March 7 in a 2–1 loss to Oakland Roots SC.
a profit and loss attribution test 
Some tax attorneys speculate that the government may ultimately have reduced what Trump was able to claim as a loss without requiring him to pay any additional taxes.
On 19 August 2018, he appeared for Bochum in the first round of the 2018–19 DFB-Pokal, coming on as a substitute in the 62nd minute for Tom Weilandt in the 1–0 away loss against Regionalliga Nord side Weiche Flensburg.
She made her senior debut on 5 April 2019 in a 0-2 friendly loss to the Netherlands.
On the other hand, having excessive chain gain so that the noise floor is unnecessarily high, will result in the loss of dynamic range.
The loss was Gonzaga's first and only of the season, as they ended the year with a 31–1 record, while Baylor improved to 28–2 with the victory.
There are also memorials to several maritime accidents and disasters, including the sinking of the ships  and Polessk, and the loss of the submarines Kursk and Komsomolets.
The loss dropped the Spartans to 3–2 on the season.
The loss moved MSU to 17–9 overall and 9–6 in Big Ten play, 2.5 games behind Maryland.
Patients with Parkinson's, the loss dopamine producing neurons cause high levels of neuroinflamation to occur, mostly affecting the substantia nigra.
On 28 March 2019, João Pedro made his senior debut for Fluminense as a stoppage-time substitute in a 2–1 loss to arch-rivals Flamengo in the Campeonato Carioca.
The poem tells of an English actor called 'Garrick' that a doctor recommends to his patient as the only cure for his loss of interest in life, whereupon the patient reveals that he indeed, is Garrick.
Mahendran said that "the attitude of Kamal Haasan towards the growth of the party has not been changed even after facing huge loss in the Tamil nadu assembly election".
In Week 5 of the 2020 season against the New Orleans Saints on Monday Night Football, Adderley recorded his first career interception off a pass thrown by Drew Brees during the 30–27 overtime loss.
This problem is understood as the need for all members of the collective to behave cooperatively or altruistically where they "fight" for the collective good no matter the individual level cost, which may be resource loss, injury, and/or death, but there is a failure to do this if group level interest are in conflict with the individual's interests.
On October 20, 2021, on his season debut with the Raptors, Achiuwa had six points, seven rebounds, two assists and a steal in 19 minutes of play in a 96–83 loss to the Washington Wizards.
On 13 April 2019, Gozzi made his Juventus debut in a 2–1 away loss against SPAL in the Serie A.
He returned to table tennis three weeks later but had to learn how to play left-handedly following the loss of his right arm.
A serious limitation of spare parts then became a problem but was eventually solved by sending more spares to Bomber Command, to make up for their higher loss rates.
On November 27, he scored a season-high 25 points, to go with nine rebounds and five assists, in an 83–76 loss to Michigan at the Battle 4 Atlantis.
It scored 13 wins in 18 games, and conceded only one loss, to finish 2.5 points ahead of the next-nearest competitor.
But even after overcoming her loss with Itami's help, she keeps calling him "father" both out of habit and out of bashfulness about her budding true feelings for him.
In August 2019, Ahold Delhaize reported the 11-day strike resulted in a $345 million loss in sales, with an estimated 1 in 10 customers not coming back to the store as a regular customer after the strike.
He scored a career-high 30 points in a SEC Tournament championship game loss to Alabama.
She made her senior debut for Bristol City on 14 October 2019 as an 83rd minute substitute for Juliette Kemppi in a 1–0 loss to Birmingham City in the WSL.
Irish President Michael D. Higgins, said "the loss of a journalist at any time in any part of the world is an attack on truth itself."
He made his professional debut with Aston Villa in a 2–0 Championship loss to West Bromwich Albion on 19 February 2019.
For the last match, a coin toss was used to determine the captain for each team, the person who would have to unmask or get their hair shaved off in case of a loss.
Nevada finished their regular season with a 10–1 record (7–1 in conference); their only loss was an away game against Boise State.
The Jacobite rebellion occurred during his term of office, and in 1716 and 1717 he petitioned the Treasury for compensation for loss of the sheriff's profits as a result.
After going unused on the bench five times in 2018–19, he made his debut on 21 April 2019 during a 3–1 loss away to Sarmiento.
Ripped apart by the loss of their eldest son Su-ho (Yoon Chan-young) to the Sewol Ferry tragedy on 16 April 2014, Jung-il (Sol Kyung-gu) and Soon-nam (Jeon Do-yeon) struggle to keep their family together.
 Cyclone Idai – an intense tropical cyclone that impacted Mozambique earlier in March 2019, causing catastrophic flooding, widespread damage, and extensive loss of life
He made his first team debut on 24 January 2018, coming on as a second-half substitute for Rildo in a 2–1 Campeonato Carioca away loss against Cabofriense.
A major storm destroyed more than one hundred trees in the northern section of the park in 2009, which represented the single greatest loss to the park's trees in thirty years.
In 1958, Bischoff played at five-eighth in the clubs preliminary final loss scoring a try against St George.
In Week 2, McLaurin recorded seven receptions for 125 receiving yards and his first touchdown of the season during a loss to the Arizona Cardinals.
In Week 3 against the New England Patriots, Crosby recorded his first two sacks of the season on Cam Newton during the 36–20 loss.
In the next against the Seattle Seahawks on Monday Night Football, he recorded his first NFL interception off Russell Wilson in a 27–24 overtime loss.
In Week 5 against the Dallas Cowboys, Slayton recorded eight catches for 129 yards during the 37–34 loss.
As a redshirt freshman, Green made 49 tackles, 2.5 of which were tackles for loss, and intercepted two passes and was named to the Southeastern Conference (SEC) All-Freshman team.
He has 14 tackles (nine solo), four special teams tackles and three loss tackles this season.
On August 8, a loss by the Washington Wizards secured the Magic a playoff berth for the second season in a row.
On 28 April 2019, N'sa made his debut as a starter in the Wanderers' first-ever match, a 1–0 loss to Pacific FC.
Following Loki's defeat by the Avengers and the loss of the Mind Stone, the Other reports about the failed attack on Earth to Thanos.
A few specific types of hearing loss are amenable to surgical treatment.
A person with hearing loss cannot always hear the phone or distinguish their own ringtone from another.
Other concerns include loss of Deaf culture and Deaf identity and the limitations of hearing restoration.
Issues addressed by Rapid Resolution Therapy can include anxiety, depression, anger, grief, insomnia, addiction/relapse prevention, phobias, compulsive habits, weight loss issues, pain management, etc.
The non-conference games resulted in three wins and one loss.
Her work showed that denitrification in the stratosphere was an important factor in ozone loss.
For example, recent onset of fever and productive cough suggest an infection, while a chronic cough, fatigue, and unintentional weight loss suggest cancer or tuberculosis.
| 2016-01-07 || Loss ||align=left| Nopakao Sitjepin || Channel 7 Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
| 2021-11-14 || Loss || align=left| Taiga || RISE World Series 2021 Osaka 2 || Osaka, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
On June 20 he scored his first professional goal for Valour in a 2–1 loss to Pacific FC.
He scored his first senior goal on 13 September, netting his team's only in a 1–3 away loss against Sport Recife, for the year's Copa Sudamericana.
| 2018-06-16|| Loss ||align=left| Tenshin Nasukawa || RISE 125 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Unanimous) || 6 || 3:00 
Sanitation and food access is a major issue that is increasing due to climate change, as well as the loss of habitats for several endangered organisms.
The different CARD-CC family members show different expression pattern and gain- or loss of function mutation in the different CARD-CC family proteins cause different phenotypes.
The Pasadena flagship was located downtown 250 E. Colorado, but burned in a 1976 fire and was a total loss.
These mutants also demonstrated diminished dopamine binding affinity, reduced cell surface transporter, loss of post-translational dopamine transporter glycosylation, and failure of amphetamine-mediated dopamine efflux.
They ended the season on a four-game losing streak, concluding with a home loss to rival  There was no conference tournament this season; last played in 1990, it resumed in 2002.
Its sinking in January 1738 is thought to be the greatest single loss of life of its kind in the Atlantic slave trade.
After the death of Herbert Palla the family and friends alike are left to deal with how to grieve this loss while still confronting the power structure that defines their decisions.
On 8 May 2019, he made his professional debut against Daegu FC in the 2019 AFC Champions League, starting the game before being replaced by Aaron Anderson in the 85th minute in an eventual 4–0 loss.
After his success in El Castillo del Terror, he went on to defeat Chico Che the following month, leaving Chico Che bald as a result of his loss.
The team's victories included games against Texas A&M and Christian Brothers; the sole loss was to Nebraska.
With only their undefeated streak to occupy their thoughts the Big Red welcomed Dartmouth for a rematch of their near loss.
One of the main focuses in Cuba, is for early screening of hearing loss.
| 2020-07-31|| Loss ||align=left| Rodtang Jitmuangnon || ONE Championship: No Surrender || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Majority) || 5 || 3:00   
Lastra's career began with Central Córdoba, a club he made his senior bow for in October 2014 during a Copa Argentina loss to city rivals Mitre.
This differs from current digital storage techniques such as drives that need to be re-written often to prevent loss or corruption of data.
In sub-Saharan Africa, adolescents engaged in promiscuous activities face many health and economic risks related to teenage pregnancy, maternal mortality, labor complications, and loss of educational opportunities.
He made his debut for Tuzla City on 22 July 2018, in the first matchday of the 2018–19 league season, a 1–0 away loss against Široki Brijeg.
Loss of wealth can be attributed to tendency to bend under the temptation to over-consume and under-save.
As the U.S is one of China's largest trading partners, an economic loss for both countries is created.
A second-consecutive home loss, Blackpool dropped to tenth, their lowest placing of the season thus far.
She made her senior debut on 12 May 2019 in a 0–3 friendly loss to the United States.
Star Tigers sister aircraft G-AGRE Star Ariel also disappeared over the western Atlantic, with the loss of all seven crewmen and 13 passengers, while flying from Bermuda to Kingston Airport, Jamaica, the following year.
Elady made his professional debut on 29 July 2018, playing the entire second half in a 0–2 away loss against KKS Lech Poznań for the Ekstraklasa championship.
And this is the main crux of the film, delving into the lonely world of grief and loss and coming out the other side."
Any loss in mass can reduce the speed and effectiveness of the electrolytic reaction, reducing the overall efficiency of the pulse electrolysis method.
He pointed out its non-compliance with Christianity as well as the danger of a loss in human dignity when a political system turns away from God.
Total economic loss in Hainan was estimated at US$272 million (¥1.5 billion).
Additionally, the IUCN referred to the loss and degradation of its forest habitats as "alarming".
During the 2019 season, he earned Third Team All-Atlantic Coast Conference honors after posting 31 tackles, 8 tackles for loss and two sacks.
In her debut for the Lynx on January 2, 2022, she scored a game-high 30 points with seven 3-pointers in an 88–86 loss to the Adelaide Lightning.
Ipswich also exited the EFL Trophy in the third round, following a 1–2 away loss to Exeter City.
 0 points are awarded for a loss, however
DePaul began tournament play by defeating USC and Marquette, then knocked off #1 seed UCLA, avenging a season-opening loss, to earn the program's second trip to the Final Four.
| 2016-11-13 || Loss ||align=left| Shushap Tor Ittiporn || Shomukai "Muay Lok 2016 4th" || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (unanimous) || 5 || 3:00 
On 19 January, he recorded 15 points and 12 rebounds in a loss to Dinamo Sassari.
Quickly re-intensifying, the tornado crossed North 1000 Road at EF3 strength, where two well-built homes sustained loss of their roofs and multiple exterior walls.
This work showed faster generation than loss of entanglement between separaterate chips.
A similar trend of frequent loss among young gene families was observed in the nematode genus Pristionchus.
He owned Bull Park plantation and Brighton Pen in Saint David Parish, now in Saint Thomas, and in 1837 received compensation for the loss of eight slaves following the abolition of slavery in the British Empire in 1833.
Local and national politicians paid tribute, including Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, who called him a "phenomenal motorsportsman"; Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin, who described his death as "an immeasurable loss to us all"; and Minister of State for Tourism and Sport Brendan Griffin, who called him "a great ambassador for Irish motor sport".
Dichevski made his league debut for Cherno More in a 4–1 away loss against Ludogorets Razgrad on 24 May 2019, playing the full 90 minutes.
In this case, the reaction occurs with the net gain of a π bond and loss of a σ bond, so strictly speaking, only the description of the reaction as a retro-ene reaction is apt.)
First, for the operating company may suffer damage and also a loss of income when production is stalled.
The driver was von Frankenberg, who coped with losing first gear, brake problems, power loss, and excessive oil temperatures to finish in fourth place.
Draft evasion is one of the most hated crimes in South Korea and could lead to a loss of societal respect and honor.
In 2019 Women's World Cup qualification, she helped the team to win their qualifying group with only one loss, thus qualifying for the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France.
A life of opulence and some misfortunes in business (the last drop of which was the loss of the monopoly on the country's tobacco and a ruinous compensation after 30 years of litigation with capitalist Manuel Joaquim Pimenta) meant that in his later life, most of Farrobo's fortune was lost.
Cozens recorded his first goal on January 22 in a 4–3 loss to the Capitals.
In just his second game of the season, he had a solid game to be one of the team's best in what was a disappointing 39 point loss to , where he collected 29 disposals, 5 tackles and 2 marks.
Michael Andor Brodeur, in The Boston Globe, also notes Olds's generosity, and the sharp "emotional acumen in her lines";  he called it "a refreshingly worthwhile (and often engrossing) collection" which demonstrates how the "self" can survive loss.
Following their finals loss, head coach Moon Byung-chul was promoted to the head coach of the Shanghai Dragons.
These include infection, inflammatory reactions, the fracture of alloplastic implants and prostheses, loosening of implants or reduced or complete loss of osseointegration.
After this loss, Ono participated in the 2018 SHOOT BOXING S-cup 65 kg World Tournament.
After drawing versus Lanús, Gimnasia followed that up with a home loss at the hands of San Lorenzo on 4 August.
Following a 0-46 loss to St. George in round 12, which Wheelhouse started from the bench, he was named on the wing in the next four rounds.
Izquierdo made his professional debut on 6 September 1992, starting in a 0–2 away loss against Racing de Santander.
Liver fluke cause a variety of diseases and health issues due to their migration from the liver causing blood loss and liver failure.
| 2019-05-29|| Loss || style="text-align:left;"| Saeksan Or.
In six prior Peach Bowl appearances, the Tigers were 5–1, with their only defeat coming in their most recent appearance, a 2012 loss to Clemson in the then-Chick-fil-A Bowl.
| 2019-10-06|| Loss ||align=left| Kaito Wor.Wanchai || Suk Wanchai MuayThai Super Fight vol.6 ||Nagoya, Japan || KO (Body shot)  || 3 || 
Hobi also played in 1 Liechtenstein Cup match, a 7:0 second round win over USV Eschen/Mauren II, however was left on the bench for the team's 4:1 loss to FC Vaduz II in the quarter finals.
The Electoral Bloc of Communists and Socialists (BECS) won 32 seats, a loss of three compared to the previous elections.
| 2018-10-14 || Loss ||align=left| Feng Xingli || Kunlun Fight 77 || China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
Mate guarding can be costly for males due to the loss of energy from less food intake and increased aggressive behavior.
Kreida made his senior international debut for Estonia on 11 June 2019, replacing Konstantin Vassiljev in the 82nd minute of a 0–8 away loss to Germany in a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match.
The loss of his right leg as a result of a 1918 suffered war injury influenced his further career.
The largest portion of this loss of life is attributable to the unyielding artillery bombardment by Iraqi government forces – in particular, units of the Iraqi federal police – of west Mosul.
| 2015-07-02|| Loss ||align=left|  Muangthai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym  || Tor.Chaiwat Fight, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
The Mavericks were one of the 22 teams invited to the NBA Bubble, and resumed play on July 31 with a 153–149 loss against the Houston Rockets.
In accordance to the law at the time, Hubert Reynolds was personally liable for the loss.
She is often portrayed as the family member most resistant to life in Schitt's Creek – viewing their loss of fortune as temporary.
Gunji rebounded from this loss with two consecutive stoppage victories.
So did the equally inevitable sense of loss, the grief that could not be comforted, the feeling that all the joy had gone out of life.
The loss of her twelve-year old daughter Judith Grant Perkins especially effected Charlotte’s health and well-being.
DFPCL in June 2015 switched to imported RLNG as feedstock to avoid further loss of production.
On the August 10 episode of NXT, Sarray suffered her first loss against Dakota Kai.
Quilmes failed to beat upcoming divisional rivals Agropecuario in matches on 12 July, as a goalless draw was followed by a loss.
After his loss in the tournament finals, Ogasawara was scheduled to fight Saoek Sitchefboontham.
In the aftermath, Oliver lives with Marty, and they intend to deal with their loss.
The high esteem in which his parishioners in Murraysburg, and the sadness tempered with cordial well-wishes expressed by same, betray the loss of a friend and spiritual guide in him that will be difficult to replace.
On October 25, 2019, Brantley made his debut in NBA, coming off from bench in an 86–95 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers with three rebounds, an assist and a block.
| 2016-07-29 || Loss ||align=left| Phetmorakot Petchyindee Academy || Toyota Hilux Revo Superchamp Tournament, Semi Finals || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 3 || 3:00
He scored his first NHL goal in a 3–2 loss to the New York Rangers on January 15.
On 22 June, at 17-years old, Kiraz made his international Test debut for Lebanon, coming off the bench in their 58–14 loss to Fiji at Leichhardt Oval.
El-Zakhem made his international debut for Lebanon in their 56-14 loss to Fiji in the 2019 Pacific Test.
He was selected for the senior Honduras squad for the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup and made his debut on 21 June 2019 in a 0–1 loss to Curaçao, as a 76th-minute substitute for Michaell Chirinos.
In his final game for Fresno State, Taylor scored six points in a loss to Utah State in the Mountain West Conference Tournament semifinals.
On debut against the Sydney Roosters he scored a second half try and kicked two goals from five attempts, in a 10-point loss.
In recalling her relationship to her mother, Humphries reflects on the disturbing realities of this era of Australian history which produced cross-generational detachment, trauma, and loss of familial and communal structures for Indigenous people:I woke up one morning, two o'clock in the morning, sobbing my heart out, and my late husband said to me, "What's the matter?"
| 2016-04-24|| Loss ||align=left| Koya Urabe || K-1 World GP 2016 -60kg Japan Tournament, Quarter Finals || Tokyo, Japan|| Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
| 2012-06-22 || Loss ||align=left| Lee Sung-hyun || RISE 88 || Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 3 || 3:00
McQuillin made her last appearance by pitching four scoreless innings with 6 strikeouts in a elimination loss to the Alabama Crimson Tide on June 1.
He finished his college career with 5 sacks and 11 tackles for loss.
Together, they also demonstrated that the loss of Stat5 in estrogen-receptor-positive breast cancer is associated with increased risk of antiestrogen resistance and laid the groundwork for the patented matrix assembly technology for generation of high-density tumor tissue arrays for high-through-put molecular profiling.
After his 1996 loss, he became a member of the Homewood Public Library Board.
He played 23 games for the Gold Coast in the 2021 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss against the Sydney Roosters.
Owners were protected by law from loss caused by the death or injury of a donkey, showing their value in that time period.
Due to the loss of Sepidrood and the continuous and long-running presence of Rasht's representative in the lower classes of Iranian football for many years, the friendly and sometimes official meetings of the two teams have not attracted a certain attraction and sensitivity as before.
North Vietnam's victory over the South led to a considerable shift in the political winds in Asia, and Ford administration officials worried about a consequent loss of U.S. influence in the region.
Due to huge loss of warships (some sunks during the battle or captured enemy navy or completely lost their combat ability).
| 2014-02-07|| Loss ||align=left| Ruangsak Sitniwat || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
On January 22, 1958, the old Rockingham Township loss its battle with Davenport to try to become seat of the Scott County and ultimately became part of Davenport, along with the surrounding rural area of Telegraph, W. River Drive, Rockingham Road, and S. Concord Street.
A win gives the winning team 3 points, a draw gives both teams 1 point and a loss for the losing team gets 0 points.
Karkhaneh's term with Giti Pasand was short-lived as he resigned following a week 9 loss in December 2011.
On 4 September 2021, Kambuaya scored his first goal for Persebaya in a 3–1 loss over Borneo at the Wibawa Mukti Stadium.
The teams plays in a single round-robin tournament, earning two points for a win, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
| 2010-09-19|| Loss || align=left| Shota Kuroki || Muay Thai WINDY Super Fight vol.4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision ||  ||
In his season debut, he scored 24 points but was held to 6-of-21 shooting in a loss to River Rouge High School.
He made his debut for the Cyprus national football team on 1 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Malta, a 0–3 away loss.
On July 13, 2019, Reilly appeared for Atlanta United 2, the USL Championship affiliate of Atlanta United FC, appearing as a half-time substitute in an 8–1 loss to New York Red Bulls II.
The Spanish initially wished to restrict their territorial loss to Cuba, but were quickly forced to recognize that their other possessions would be claimed as spoils of war.
Joseph Ward grew up in Southern New England, seeing massive upheaval from the loss of manufacturing jobs, a change he later credited for his interest in history.
Despite the loss of trade with the British West Indies, the other commercial agreements secured by Adams helped expand overall volume of U.S. exports.
The resultant loss of longitudinal stability, combined with already low and decreasing airspeed at a time of high pilot workload probably led to the departure from controlled flight.
On February 6, 2009, Phelps almost recorded a double-double after he racked up 9 points and 9 rebounds in a 76-82 loss to the UC Davis Aggies.
As a junior, he was limited with back and ankle injuries, tallying 48 tackles, 6 sacks, 11 tackles for loss and one fumble recovery.
On the 11th and 12th of January Company C, 2/1st in 4 engagements killed 4 PAVN/VC and captured 2 weapons for the loss of 2 US killed.
On Day fourteen being a part of the leading group he was given a bout against maegashira 1 Hokutofuji, the only opponent he would face above maegashira 7, which he would lose giving him his third loss.
She also finds the historical context of the stories disturbingly vague, and complains of a "creeping loss of verisimilitude with my reading of each successive story," noting that while "events in earlier stories are referenced in succeeding stories, they exercise no lasting effect on Booth’s life or his psychology."
| 2013-07-09|| Loss ||align=left| Prajanchai Por.Phetnamtong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision  || 5 || 3:00
He debuted with Mozambique in a 1–0 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Cameroon on 11 October 2021.
Mata ended up making two appearances for the U-20s, first in the last group game against Uruguay, where he captained the team, and in the round of 16 penalty shootout loss to Colombia.
Sadly this expansion was short-lived, as it timed with a shrinking in publishing due to the internet, and the company closed in 2006 with the loss of 240 jobs.
He recorded his Ligue 1 debut on 20 September that year, entering the field in the 65th minute of a 0–3 home defeat to Paris Saint-Germain, and his first European game on 5 November, in a 2–3 UEFA Europa League away loss to Slavia Prague.
As a senior, he made 12 tackles for loss (tied team lead), 7 pass breakups (school record for linemen).
Bundesliga on 28 July 2019, starting in the home match against Erzgebirge Aue which finished as a 0–2 loss.
He scored again on 24 October, in a 3–2 home loss to Midtjylland, his third goal of the season.
In a down economy, after losing $100 million on the NBA in 2000-2001, NBC was projecting a $200-million loss in 2001-2002.
But the family thinks that the loss is of two babies.
They made their debut in the 2019 Middle East Africa Championship with a 4-8 loss to Morocco.
Georgetown suffered a setback eight days later when they finished November with an upset loss at home at the hands of UNC Greensboro in which James Akinjo scored 12 points, Yurtseven narrowly missed a double-double with 10 points and nine rebounds, and Jamorko Pickett finished with eight rebounds.
On May 23 when oil fell the most in a day since December (also falling below the 200-day moving average), WTI finished at $57.21, lowest since March 12, in a week when WTI lost nearly 7 percent; Brent finished the week at $68.69 for a nearly 5 percent loss.
He made his professional debut for Orléans in a 1–0 Ligue 2 loss to FC Chambly on 2 August 2019.
After joining the Nottingham Forest academy at eight years old, Johnson made his professional debut aged eighteen, appearing for the club on 3 August 2019 as an 88th-minute substitute in a 2–1 loss against West Bromwich Albion on the opening day of the season.
The news of her loss proved to be exaggerated.
In the main event, Goldberg defeated "The Fiend" Bray Wyatt to win his second Universal Championship, giving Wyatt's Fiend character his first loss.
Company A, 3/1st infantry engaged a PAVN force killing 3 and capturing 1 AK-47 for the loss of 1 US killed and later found another AK-47 and an RPG-2.
He made his senior debut for Paris FC in a 3–0 Ligue 2 loss to FC Lorient on 29 July 2019.
Willie says that because of his memory loss he forgets a lot of things and constantly repeats himself, making him feel like a child.
 Cathy Ang as Fei Fei, the 13-year-old girl who believes in Chang'e ever since the loss of her mother.
With the Southern and 4th Ukrainian Fronts, the regiment flew 2,153 sorties with the loss of 21 aircraft and eleven pilots.
Chicco belatedly made his bow in professional football on 8 August 2019, appearing for the full duration of a Copa Sudamericana first leg loss in Venezuela to Zulia.
In the playoffs, Fields was able to participate in the playoffs for the Seals, where he scored a goal in an 11-12 loss.
However, the sister #70 car did not enjoy the same level of success in the race, being hit with a penalty at the start of the race, for changing tires on the grid, before being struck by a mechanical failure which hampered the turbocharger, leading to a loss of power, and eventually retiring from the race as a result.
In 2019 Season One of Contenders, RunAway claimed the top seed in the playoffs, but were eliminated in their first playoff match, the semifinals, by O2 Blast; the 0–3 loss subsequently disqualified RunAway from the Pacific Showdown.
In January 2019, Kuminga was named most valuable player of the Slam Dunk to the Beach showcase after scoring 40 points, a single-game record at the event, in a loss to Gonzaga College High School.
Eighteen regular season matches were played before North Shore Albions were awarded the title with a 5 win, 1 draw, 1 loss record.
In the gilt-head seabream, it is manifested as a chronic disease that provokes anorexia, delayed growth with weight loss, cachexia, reduced marketability and increased mortality.
After the loss of their leader the Byzantines retreated while tribes who had stayed away from Byzantine lands out of fear of Mundus invaded the Balkans.
Shortstop Trea Turner opened the game for the Nationals with a home run off Porcello, who took the loss, while Scherzer earned the win with six strong innings in the 2–1 contest.
Corbin struggled again on September 6 and took the loss as the Braves salvaged a series split, giving up five runs and exiting after 5⅓ innings, as it was Atlanta's turn to put up ten runs to three for the Nationals.
With the loss of Schlesvig in the Second Schleswig War, Denmark also lost control of many of its most important brickworks.
He scored on his first-team debut for the club in a 3–1 loss to Luton Town in an EFL Cup first round tie, on 13 August 2019.
A youth academy graduate of Metalurg Skopje, Stojanovski made his professional debut on 29 October 2014 in a 2–1 loss against Shkëndija.
In a loudspeaker, power compression or thermal compression is a loss of efficiency observed as the voice coil heats up under operation, increasing the DC resistance of the voice coil and decreasing the effective available power of the audio amplifier.
After the loss, she again took up her role of helping the tribes adapt to this new reservation life.
This led to a further loss of faith of protesters and their sympathisers in the integrity of the police force, and also further worsened their views of the Hong Kong government.
Lombardo made his professional debut on 17 August 2019, starting in a 0–1 home loss against Málaga CF.
He finished his first season with 14 tackles, including one tackle for a loss, and no sacks.
When slavery was abolished in 1833, Grant benefitted from a government scheme to compensate slave owners, claiming over £24,000 for the loss of his slaves and other business assets.
Moha made his first team debut on 18 August 2019, replacing fellow youth graduate Nacho in a 0–1 home loss against AD Alcorcón in the Segunda División.
Assunção made his professional debut with Famalicão in a 2-0 Taça da Liga loss to S.C. Covilhã on 3 August 2019.
Matheus made his senior debut on 15 March 2015, playing the last 12 minutes in a 0–1 Segunda División B away loss against Arroyo CP.
The wicket of Stokes (9) another three overs later, also caught behind off Shah, continued England's mini-collapse, and the loss of Pope for 7 left them at 117/5, still 160 runs from victory.
Palazón made his professional debut on 18 August 2019, starting in a 3–1 away loss against Cádiz CF.
After a head injury in 1988, Conde began to experience memory loss and impaired coordination.
I believe that anyone, everyone can relate to this film because it's a story about love, loss, and hope."
Many participants wore masks, fearing that attending a peaceful rally could lead to reprisals by authorities or loss of employment as a result of pressures from Beijing.
The 83-year-old Kiowa sank in  of water without loss of life.
A 10–point loss to Port Adelaide in round 13 meant that Hawthorn would fail to win 10 games in a season since 2009.
He made his lone first grade appearance from the bench in his sides' 36−34 loss to the Manly Sea Eagles at Brookvale Oval in round 10 of the 2003 season.
Dikmen made his professional debut for Gençlerbirliği in a 4-0 Süper Lig loss to Gazişehir Gaziantep F.K.
Austin Chronicle Josh Kupecki said the documentary is ultimately a "broader impact of humanity (in all its messy glory), and a document of so many things: grief, loss, happiness, and joy".
In 2004, the Bears posted a 10–1 regular season with their only loss coming against the eventual national champion - USC, and finished the regular season ranked No.
I further certify, that the spoons need no preparation for the burnisher except the edge, consequently almost all the loss of filings, scrapings and stonings is saved.
The IETF Deterministic Networking (DetNet) Working Group is working to define deterministic data paths with bounds on latency, loss, and packet delay variation (jitter), and high reliability.
He explains that he knows the suffering of growing up without a father and wants to end this without further loss of life.
In October 2021, she debuted for the club in the fifth round of the 2021–22 Division 1 Féminine, coming on as a substitute in the 59th minute of a 2–1 loss against Dijon.
On the second group match on 27 November, he scored the Philippines' only goal in a 2–1 loss to Myanmar.
He conceded two goals from Pedro and Batshuayi as the match ended in a 5–3 loss.
In mirroring the trans-Tasman rivalry that has long since continued, they lost the second Test in Melbourne 44-39 and suffered a heart-breaking 46-45 loss in the final Test.
Indigenous communities may have grief over loss of identity because it is so closely connected to the environment and the knowledge that the environment will degrade further.
In Week 4 against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday Night Football, Al-Shaair recorded his first career interception off a pass thrown by Carson Wentz during the 25–20 loss.
The following week, Pettet again played from the bench in the club's 24–14 loss against North Sydney at the Sydney Football Stadium.
With Vendler's interpretation, Dickinson conceptualizes this religious Despair, the ultimate loss of hope, to what one feels at the onset of winter by connecting abstract terms to sensory details, such as "Slant of light" to "Heavenly Hurt" and "Shadows" to "the look of Death."
In his final collegiate season, Reeder led the CAA with 131 tackles and 13.5 tackles for loss and was again named first team all-conference.
As noticed by De Roos, this causes some loss of detail.
At the top of the ice cap, most ice loss is due to sublimation.
The next season, Peace became a starter at outside linebacker and finished 5th on the team with 53 tackles and third with 6.5 tackles for loss and 2.0 sacks.
Bjartalíð made his international debut for Faroe Islands on 5 September 2019 in a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match against Sweden, which finished as a 0–4 home loss.
To create a life or bring a baby into the world after such a loss is amazing like a miracle for these parents."
Angered by the threat of a potential loss in Louisiana White Supremacy, former Confederate men and the New Orleans police united and attacked the convention targeting the radical population.
Sánchez made his top tier debut on 22 September 2021, replacing Aleix Febas in a 1–6 away loss against Real Madrid.
Afonso made his senior international debut on 17 January 2016 in a 0-1 home loss against Cameroon for the Africa Nations Championship.
He made his professional debut on September 7, starting in a 5–1 loss to Hartford Athletic.
On March 4, 2018, Thompson recorded a double-double with a season-high 27 points and 15 rebounds, shooting 10-of-13 from the field, in a 75–83 loss to SAM Basket Massagno.
Punculs made his international debut for Latvia on 9 September 2019 in a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match against North Macedonia, which finished as a 0–2 away loss.
The team's lone setback was a 13–6 loss to Navy.
Loss of working majority 
When I read all the comments around Sorry for Your Loss, about everybody being there for each other, I sort of wanted to write [the song] from that angle.
He made his debut on July 8, 2019, in an 13–0 loss against the New Zealand where he came in after 64 minutes, replacing Vai Lutu.
She avenged her loss, winning the bout via split decision.
Bertelli made his professional debut with Glória in a 2-1 Campeonato Gaúcho loss to São Paulo RS on 3 February 2016.
In Week 13 against the Minnesota Vikings, Ekuale recorded his first career sack on Kirk Cousins during the 27–24 overtime loss.
On 3 August 2019, Abdirahman Mohamed made his debut for Somalia in a 4–1 loss against Uganda during the 2020 African Nations Championship qualification.
 2018 – Tim Russert: Loss and Lessons a Decade Later, From NBC News
He started the season off slowly against Syracuse and Boston College, but set a career high for passing yards with 443 in the 44–41 loss against Virginia, earning ACC Player of the Week honors in the process.
Reich PB, Tilman D, Isbell F, Mueller K, Hobbie SE, Flynn DFB, Eisenhauer N (2012) Impacts of biodiversity loss escalate through time as redundancy fades.
After a standout 2018–19 Y-League campaign, which culminated in a 3–1 loss to Brisbane Roar Youth in the 2019 Y-League Grand Final, he was named the league's Player of the Year at the Dolan Warren Awards.
| 2012-04-15 || Loss ||align=left| Ikkō Ōta || Bigbang Amateur 5 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 2 || 1:30
He eventually got €200,000 as repayment for loss of retirement benefits.
At first, he finds himself at a loss as to how to deal with the girl's semi-wild state.
On December 5, 2021, Jackson was elevated to the Ravens' active roster in advance of the team's Week 13 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, He reverted to the practice squad after the game.
They suffered a disappointing loss to Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Teamer recorded his first career interception on October 20, 2019 in a 20-23 loss to the Tennessee Titans, picking off a pass thrown by Ryan Tannehill.
He made his professional debut with Groningen in a 2–1 Eredivisie loss to Heracles Almelo 31 August 2019.
He made his NFL debut on September 22, 2019, against the Dallas Cowboys, making one tackle in a 31-6 loss.
The deaths marked the highest loss of American soldiers in a single day's action since 1968.
 Stargaze: contemplating the Majestic, inspired by the dark sky and the loss thereof due to light pollution
On 30 August 2019, he made his professional debut for Östersund, playing the full match in a 2–0 loss away to Helsingborgs.
On 24 September 2019, aged 17 years, seven months and 20 days old, Parrott made his professional debut for Tottenham in their third round loss in the EFL Cup against Colchester United.
He then made his first start for the Reds on 5 January 2020 in a 2–0 loss to Chelsea in an FA Cup match, Mighten impressed in the game, winning a penalty for Forest only for it to be ruled out by a marginal VAR decision.
The pilot was ordered to be held on Scourge but he escaped before the court martial inquiring into her loss.
He ranked fourth on team with 55 tackles, 13.5 tackles for loss, five pass breakups and two blocked kicks.
The second game of the series was a 7–2 win by Baltimore, with Martín Pérez taking the loss in his debut game with the Red Sox.
Boston starter Zack Godley allowed eight runs on 10 hits in three innings, taking the loss.
Atlanta won the second game of the series, 10–3, led by three home runs and six RBIs from Ronald Acuña Jr. Boston starter Ryan Weber had a no decision, allowing two runs in four innings; the loss went to reliever Robert Stock, allowing two runs in two-thirds of an inning.
New York won the second game, 8–0, with starter Chris Mazza taking the loss after allowing four runs on five hits in four innings.
Mets slugger Pete Alonso hit a home run in the bottom of the 10th inning, which handed the Yankees a 9–7 loss.
The loss moved the Astros to the edge of elimination in a 3–0 series hole.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Cubs team member
The Cub win and a Cardinal loss reduced the Cubs' magic number down to one for the division.
The Rockies won again the next day, 7–6, thanks to a two-run home run by Matt Kemp in the eighth inning, handing the Dodgers their first series loss of the season.
Use of a generator avoids the challenge of distributing short-lived radionuclides from the original production site (typically a nuclear reactor) to individual users; the loss of activity due to decay in transit can result in too little being supplied or the need for much larger initial quantities to be sent out (incurring additional production and transport costs).
They beat Buller easily but then lost the Northern Union Challenge Cup after a loss to South Auckland.
Although his loss of men was minimal, Skanderbeg lost the castle of Svetigrad, which was an important stronghold that controlled the fields of Macedonia to the east.
400 000 people attended, and the fair lost £14,195, with the loss being covered by Rhodes.
With Walton still on their roster as a senior for the 1973–74 season, the Bruins extended their winning streak to a record 88 games before a 71–70 loss to Notre Dame.
He made his NBA debut on August 6, 2020, where he played one minute off the bench and recorded one rebound in a 130-116 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks.
It arrived in New York on 27 October 1943 without loss.
Since much of the native Palouse prairie has been converted for agriculture, habitat loss is a primary factor threatening this species, along with competition from invasive weeds.
The vessel was extensively employed on East Coast to Cuba route during her career and foundered on one of her regular trips in January 1920 with the loss of twenty two men.
His painting of a coffee tree addressed the problem of neglecting coffee cultivation and the consequent economic loss to Yemen.
The game was Lyon's first regulation loss of the season, and marked the end of a seven-game point streak for Frost, over which he had four goals and five assists.
Ten trains of the Hokuriku Shinkansen Line in Nagano City were inundated by flood waters, leading to a loss of ¥32.8 billion (US$300 million).
Aluminium trichloride (AlCl3) has a layered polymeric structure below its melting point of , but transforms on melting to Al2Cl6 dimers with a concomitant increase in volume by 85% and a near-total loss of electrical conductivity.
Fredericksburg began competition on May 4 with a 16–3 loss to the Lynchburg Hillcats at Bank of the James Stadium in Lynchburg, Virginia.
There are a number of occupations where a potentially high-stress, high-risk environment can occur, where failure to act appropriately can lead to injury, death or significant loss.
The second option involves multiple steps: a sexual generation is formed with a strongly biased sex ratio, and because of Haldane's Rule the species evolves towards loss of sexuality and selection that is preferential towards the gynogen.
This can be accounted for by the regional scale vegetation loss that occurred in North America, which largely affected the atmospheric composition and disrupted the food chain.
A weight loss of 14.6 percent was observed after running a thermal analysis of serrebancaite at 520 °C along with a color change from its original dark greenish-brown to a light yellowish-white.
At the same time her weight loss was recorded which had dropped to 98 lbs by mid-July 1914 - "16 lbs below average weight for her height".
On 13 February 2021, Aldama posted 30 points and 22 rebounds in a 97–94 triple overtime loss to Lafayette.
She fought a further three times in 2017; a points decision win over Borislava Goranova in September; a split decision (SD) loss to Joanna Ekedahl in October; and a points decision win in a rematch with Ester Konecna in November.
The aircraft was hit by anti-aircraft fire at Emmerich before crashing near Klein-Netterden with the loss of the entire crew.
While the U.S. donated huge volumes of grain aid to countries in need around the world, substandard or, often more likely, nonexistent grain storage facilities would lead to loss and spoilage often amounting to 40 percent of the donated grain.
This loss was stated by the media to be Modi's personal failure.
In a trial comparing 4 weight loss diets, the drop-out rate for the Weight Watchers diet was 35% (compared to others which had up to 50% drop-outs).
These differences are given by two plasmids: pPCP1, that confer to the bacterium its invasive properties in humans and pMT1, which is involved in flea colonisation (along with some loss of function on bacterial chromosomal genes).
The total length of Snarumselva is about  and the total altitude loss is about .
Two Allied bombers were shot down with the loss of four airmen, and 31 Germans were killed.
He gained 83 yards on 11 carries in a 10-38 loss.
This decrease was linked to loss of PRC2 activity.
He made his debut on 17 February, starting in the EFL Trophy semi-final away at Sunderland, being replaced in the 58th minute in an eventual penalty shootout loss after a 1–1 draw.
 "System for Predicting the Risk of Allograft Loss in Renal Transplant Patients: International Derivation and Validation Study" published in BMJ magazine in 2019.
It is currently threatened by habitat loss.
After playing in 12 games for the Lions, Rivers totaled 25 solo tackles and 20 assists for a total of 45, along with 8 total sacks for a loss of 44 yards.
Around this same time period, there was a NBC Game of the Week at New York's Shea Stadium, where there was a lengthy loss of audio, as well as one or two video glitches.
The game ended in a 0–1 loss.
In his second appearance for the latter, as a second-half substitute against S.C. Farense, he scored twice (but one in his own net) in a 2–3 home loss.
Given the strong degradation and thanks to the hard labour of many people in the villages, soil conservation is carried out on a large scale since the 1980s and especially 1980s; this has curbed rates of soil loss.
From her émigré years, only a handful of works survive that were untainted by the loss of hope of ever returning to her homeland or by the increasing rigour of having to earn her living.
In his second season, Grey got to start for the Batang Pier when Terrence Romeo was injured, and scored 13 points in a loss to NLEX during the 2017-18 PBA Philippine Cup.
Gómez made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 20 October 2019, starting in a 0–1 home loss against Villarreal CF.
With the loss of Federal patronage positions in Florida after 1885, and facing difficulties resuming a legal career with local and state courts increasing hostile to African-Americans, Harmon opened a successful cabinetmaking and upholstery business in Tallahassee.
Kazi began his career with Ilves, making his Veikkausliiga debut for the club in June 2018 as a substitute in a 3-1 loss to KuPS.
With the win, Buffalo improved to 8–3 and handed Los Angeles its first loss by more than a touchdown of the season.
In addition, New England's streak of 10+ win seasons that dated back to their 2003 Super Bowl-winning season, which was an NFL record, also came to an end following a Week 14 loss to the Los Angeles Rams.
The Jets became the first team to be eliminated from playoff contention after a loss in Week 11 dropped them to 0–10.
They failed to improve upon their franchise-best 14–2 regular season and were denied their third consecutive AFC North title following a loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers in Week 12 after 18 of their players contracted COVID-19.
After a huge loss, the Bengals traveled again to take on the Colts.
With the loss, the Bengals fell to 2–9–1 and were eliminated from postseason contention.
However, that streak was broken after a Week 13 loss to the Washington Football Team.
With the loss, Houston fell to 0–3 for the first time since 2018.
Initially seeded within the AFC playoff race, the Week 16 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers knocked the Colts to the first seed outside looking in.
Multiple mistakes doomed the Broncos in snowy and foggy conditions, in a 43–16 loss to their AFC West rivals, the Kansas City Chiefs.
After suffering a disappointing loss, the Raiders then went to MetLife Stadium to face the winless Jets.
With this loss, the Cowboys dropped to 1–3 on the season.
The panel is very damaged, with the complete loss of color along the joints of the boards and in a large portion of the center, which however spares the faces of Mary and the Child.
The loss dropped the Eagles to 1-3-1.
With the loss, Washington fell to 6–8 and failed to clinch their first winning season since 2016.
In the wild card race, a Cardinals loss to the Rams would have guaranteed the Bears a playoff spot regardless of the result against the Packers.
The Huskies started the next drive on their own 20-yard line, with the first play being an Ean Beek run for a loss of 5 yards.
Atlanta's loss marked the first time a team that scored 39+ points with no giveaways lost a game; teams were previously 440–0 in said situation.
This also marks their first loss to the Packers since the 2012 season.
This was also the Seahawks' first loss under Russell Wilson when leading by 4 or more points at halftime.
His first loss came at the Alans International, where he placed third with notable and dominant technical falls over the accomplished Khasanboy Rakhimov and Nick Gwiazdowski.
If seaweed is washed back to sea, the larval population can decrease significantly with the loss of the seaweed habitat.
An additional 0.5 meters of resistively loaded parallel plate section on the radiating end of the antennas improved the return loss at the high frequencies by absorbing some of the energy at the open aperture.
When they finally returned to the ice at the end of the month their offense was nowhere to be found against their arch-rival Yale and Harvard suffered its first loss of the season.
Although the city was still growing and began to rebuild, it never would recover fully from the loss, especially as neighboring Gadsden flourished.
As a response to the strong degradation and thanks to the hard labour of many people in the villages, soil conservation has been carried out on a large scale since the 1980s and especially 1980s; this has curbed rates of soil loss.
On 29 December 2017, she scored her first ever goal for the club in a 3–1 home loss against Newcastle Jets, heading in at the 28th minute mark behind Jets goalkeeper Britt Eckerstrom.
The music tells the story of a young girl, Aria, and her journey through a dreamworld as she searches for resolution after the loss of her mother.
In his debut, he led the club to a 74–81 loss to Zadar.
This mass migration often has detrimental impacts on poorer countries, creating transnational families and loss of formal workers to care for elders, children and the sick within migrant countries.
When the surface mixed layer becomes shallower than the critical depth, initiation of the seasonal bloom occurs due to phytoplankton growth exceeding loss.
Boxing was dropped as an Inter-collegiate sport at Navy in 1941 due to a loss of recruits due to WWII.
On January 7, 1978 Jackson scored a career-high 24 points against BYU in a 84–85 loss.
In Week 5 of the 2020 season, he recorded his first four career receptions for 61 receiving yards in the 20–19 loss to the Chicago Bears.
He was named to the Southeastern Conference All-Freshman team after finishing the season with 27 tackles, two sacks and 4.5 tackles for loss in 12 games played (three starts).
The Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted about the decision saying that it should not be considered as win or loss for anybody.
He started all 13 of Florida's games the following season and finished the year 45 tackles and finished second on the team with 11.0 tackles for loss along 6.5 sacks.
The Porte responded with "Divide et impera" hoping to avoid a loss of control.
Devonport United won the Senior grade with a 7 win, 2 draw, and 1 loss record ahead of Marist Old Boys and Ponsonby United.
Meredith made his first grade debut for South Sydney in round 25 2002 against North Queensland which finished in a 36-34 loss at the Sydney Football Stadium.
In Week 17 against the Buffalo Bills, Pitts had 2 receptions for 69 yards in the 15–29 loss.
 Loss of Innocence, 2008.
Lawson posted team highs with 18 points and 12 rebounds in Canada's 113–74 loss to the United States in the tournament final.
He made his debut at the 1954 World Cup qualifiers under coach Gheorghe Popescu I, playing in three games, the first one was a 3–1 victory against Bulgaria, the second was a 2–1 victory against Bulgaria and the third was a 1–0 loss against Czechoslovakia.
Compensation covers medical and legal expenses, loss of future earning capacity, and up to $250,000 for pain and suffering; a death benefit of up to $250,000 is available.
| 2009-10-26|| Loss ||align=left| Shota Shimada || K-1 World MAX 2009 World Championship Tournament Final K-1 Koshien Tournament Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 3 || 2:00
Chirewa made his debut for Ipswich Town on 12 November 2019, appearing as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 away loss to Colchester United in an EFL Trophy group stage match, he became the second youngest player to make his first-team debut for the club, after Connor Wickham, at 16 years and 31 days old.
Hemingway based the short story on a purportedly true story a charter-boat captain in Key West, Florida, told him in 1928 about a conch-fisherman's account of the sinking of the Spanish steamer  with the loss of all 488 people on board on September 9, 1919, during the 1919 Florida Keys hurricane.
He made his debut on 15 June 2019, starting in a 3–2 loss to Stenungsunds IF.
The poems collected here are especially notable for their embodiment of giving voice and form to agricultural/farming communities that have been hollowed out by industrialization and the loss of traditional forms of life and teeter on the brink of ruin.
However, this would end up as Maine's only loss the entire season, as they would not lose another game all season and win their first national title with a stunning 42-1-2 record, including defeating the Terriers twice more by a combined score of 11-3.
| 2021-11-14 || Loss || align=left| Petpanomrung Kiatmuu9 || RISE World Series 2021 Osaka 2 || Osaka, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00 
The death loss was due to inadequacies in the bridge construction rather than the event itself.
The loss of Tobruk came as a severe blow to the British leadership and precipitated a political crisis in Britain.
He again led the Rams in tackles with 131, including 8.5 tackles for loss and one sack, with four passes broken up and two fumble recoveries and was named second team All-Mountain West.
12 in the final UPI coaches poll, and suffered its sole loss to .
Kirk decided that Mulberry A was a total loss, and should not be rebuilt, although the gooseberry should be reinforced with a dozen more blockships.
Levine's coverage and analysis of the 2012 JPMorgan Chase trading loss was featured in the Columbia Journalism Review's anthology "The Best Business Writing 2013."
In 2019, Freeform responded to the loss of most of the Rankin/Bass library by acquiring cable rights to the two remaining specials from that company that had never been aired on cable: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and Frosty the Snowman, sharing the rights with those two specials' longtime free-to-air rightsholder, CBS.
He started all 14 of the Jackrabbits games at linebacker as a true freshman and recorded 41 tackles, four tackles for loss, a sack and an interception.
This cost is calculated as a loss in tax revenues that the federal government would otherwise receive if the tax credits were not extended.
In the next game, on 21 December, Senn made his first NHL start, making 35 saves and allowing three goals in a 5–1 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Promoted to the first team ahead of the 2019 season, Lucas Barros made his senior debut on 26 January of that year, coming on as a second-half substitute for Jonathan in a 2–1 Campeonato Carioca home loss against Flamengo.
It is said that after the fire, "Shimshon eulogized his loss in the synagogue and cried bitter tears."
Lake Superior ended the first half of their conference schedule with a loss at Michigan State, dropping to 7–4 and looking like a shadow of the team that had been 20 minutes away from a national championship eight months earlier.
In a state whose farmers' were suffering a financial crisis amidst national prosperity due to the loss of demand following the war, the Indiana Farm Bureau would not endorse either ticket.
He made his Ligue 2 debut with the Chambly first team in a 2–0 loss to AC Ajaccio on 29 November 2019.
He is saddened at the loss of IG-11, to which the droid responds: "There's nothing to be sad about.
With the rest of their season cancelled, the loss to Penn State meant Michigan won no games at home for the first time in program history; the Wolverines played their first game in Ann Arbor in 1883.
He scored a career-high 43 points in a 99–95 loss to Hofstra.
In his sophomore season opener, Lewis scored a then-career-high 30 points in an 81–80 loss to Penn.
The Labour Party considered the death of Bayzo as a major loss to the Maltese musical scene because for years, he was known as one of the main personages in the Maltese musical field.
In October 1961 the expedition suffered a loss on Tawitawi, as the ornithologist and taxidermist Erik Petersen died from an allergic reaction to an insect bite.
Pellegrini made his professional debut for Sassuolo in a 2–1 Coppa Italia loss to Perugia on 4 December 2019.
Water auditing or the methodology of tracking water loss was first introduced as a concept by American Water Works Association (AWWA) in its Committee report "Revenue Producing vs. Unaccounted-for-water" in 1957.
He was a pioneer and huge supporter of mental hygiene, so his death was a major loss.
On 10 December 2019, Vandevoordt, aged 17 years 287 days, became the youngest goalkeeper in UEFA Champions League history, playing 90 minutes in a 4–0 loss to Napoli.
This downward settlement significantly increases flood vulnerability which can ultimately lead to major economic damages and loss of lives.
Tipperary began the match with 8 of the All Ireland winning fifteen but started the league campaign without the Borris-Ileigh players after there loss the week before in the All-Ireland Club Hurling Championship Final.
Taylor finished his collegiate career with 118 tackles, 26.5 tackles for loss, and 19.5 sacks with six forced fumbles, four fumble recoveries and seven passes defended in 38 games.
In the film, Martha's family are all physically present but not emotionally available to her, and they each find different ways to process their loss, according to Roy.
Mobile tracking programs can also reduce theft and loss of cargo by recording instances where trailer doors are opened outside of approved areas (geo-fences) and alerting authorities.
He then appeared in the following round, starting in a 2–0 away loss to Burton Albion.
Akani continued playing on the practice tables for two days after his loss.
He made his Serie A debut for Lazio on 20 July 2020 as a 89th minute substitute for Luiz Felipe in a 1–2 away loss to Juventus.
Garza scored 44 points, third-most in Iowa history, in a 103–91 loss to Michigan on December 6.
She was surveyed, and condemned as unseaworthy (leaky and unmanageable), on 5 August 1832 and was declared a constructive total loss.
On 22 October 2019, after progressing through AFC Wimbledon's academy, Madelin made his debut for the club in a 1–0 loss against Burton Albion.
In a one-point loss to Tulane, Perry threw a 37-yard touchdown pass to Abey, who also completed a 73-yard touchdown throw of his own to Perry in the game as Navy fell 29–28.
Loss of BCK2 also led to a decrease in rate and levels of CLN2 mRNA accumulation in G1, as well as a delay in SWI4 mRNA accumulation.
The two boxers would have a rematch in 2007 with Brewster's corner asking the fight to be stopped at the end of the sixth round, and throughout the rest of his long career Klitschko would use this loss as driving force saying in an interview with ESPN's Dan Rafael "I will be thankful to Lamon until my grave.
But, eventually, they both decide to ignore Anish as they could not fulfill Anish promise due to Manjunath's business loss and that has led Anish to murder Manjunath.
His manager, Sydney Brandon, said that Clapham subsequently drank heavily, and had said that he would not "get over" her loss.
Nealis made his professional debut on September 23, 2020, appearing as a starter in a 1-4 loss to New York Red Bulls.
Loss of structural integrity
She was sunk on 3 December 1944 after being torpedoed by the German submarine  on its way to St John with a loss of 43 crew.
Due to the loss of the Norfolk State and ODU games Charlotte lost two of their normally six scheduled home games.
Uzun made his professional debut with Kayserispor in a 4-1 Süper Lig loss to İstanbul Başakşehir on 22 December 2019.
Through the process of decarboxylation  cannabidol is derived via a loss of a carbon and two oxygen atoms from the 1 position of the benzoic acid ring.
Italian Football Federation (FIGC) president Gabriele Gravina and Lega Nazionale Dilettanti (LND) president Cosimo Sibilia, both issued statements congratulating the Italian team on their silver medal and viewed the team's tournament very positively, despite the final loss, noting the increased engagement of new fans and reaffirming their commitments to develop the sport domestically.
He faced trial on 4 December 1943 and was sentenced to five year's loss of liberty.
Radosavljević made her international debut for the New Zealand national team on 7 November 2019, appearing in the 2–0 loss against China in the 2019 Yongchuan International Tournament.
Five months after his Rajadamnern title loss, Praewprao fought a rematch with Sangfah Nor.Anuwatgym for the Rajadamnern Stadium 108 lbs title.
The overall tone of the collection is elegiac, the songs full of loss and regret."
7 following their home loss to a losing–record, unranked LSU Tigers team that was starting a freshman quarterback for the first time.
Civelek made his professional debut for Kayserispor in a 6-2 Süper Lig loss to Trabzonspor on 28 December 2019.
Givens finished his redshirt junior season with 33 tackles, 10.5 tackles for loss and five sacks.
Chennai Super Kings started their campaign with a 7 wicket loss against Delhi Capitals in Mumbai.
Between 1994 and 2011, Malchiodi was a faculty member for the National Institute for Trauma & Loss in Children.
Owing to the Warriors players isolating with COVID-19, the club could not then field a side to play against Lyon - and were promptly handed a 28 - 0 loss by the EPCR; giving Lyon the 5 points in a bonus point victory.
Whilst, Scottish Labour continued in third place with a loss of two seats.
He made his professional – and La Liga – debut on 4 January 2020, coming on as a second-half substitute for Sergio Álvarez in a 0–1 loss at Valencia CF.
Insole's death was overshadowed by the death of Queen Victoria two days later, but his numerous obituaries praised his contributions to the South Wales coal industry and the development of Cardiff as a shipping port (the loss to the horticultural world also being noted).
Mier scored his first senior goal on 13 May 2018, netting his side's only in a 1–2 loss at CD Llanes.
Kivlenieks was used as the starting goaltender as he led Latvia to its first ever win over Canada and also its first loss against Kazakhstan during the group phase.
In the second match, Memphis surrendered a two-goal lead for the fourth time during the season in a 2–3 loss.
In the offseason, Oturu worked on bulking up to help replace the loss of Jordan Murphy.
On July 10, 1975, the airline suffered another loss when an Electra cargo plane from Aerocóndor took off from El Dorado Airport, went into emergency and fell on an Aerocosta DC-6 that was in front of its hangar, where it was in the process of receiving a wide door to improve cargo access.
The destruction results in people leaving their places, or a loss of distinctiveness in place, and can achieve the result intended by the perpetrators.
In an embarrassing loss for Stockfish, Black never manages to develop its king's Bishop and Rook until it was too late.
It is related to loss aversion and the endowment effect.
On 6 October they encountered a gale that resulted in the loss of some 30 of the merchantmen on the Riga Bar.
ZnO experiences volume expansion during processes resulting in a loss of electrical disconnection, decreasing capacity.
He finished his sophomore season with 40 tackles, 5.0 tackles for loss and a sack.
Following queries from the QIA, the Company announced that it had been the victim of a fraud with the loss of US$600,000 in advance fee payments and legal costs resulting in the collapse of the Company's share price.
He made his senior debut with hometown side Sigüeiro FC on 7 September 2014, starting and scoring the equalizer in a 1–2 home loss against Cordeiro FC for the Primera Autonómica championship.
The crew did not call for or follow the hydraulic fluid loss checklist.
Syllabic verse could also be used for more personal reflection on landscape, music, love or loss.
He played for the England rugby sevens team at the 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games in the Bahamas, and he scored a try in his team's loss to Samoa in the final.
Silver and Reynolds suffered another loss on July 16 against Best Friends on AEW Dark.
That is a visual book including 150 historical photographs of women with weapons, 35 of which were captured by Floyd, and a biography of Floyd's Texas background and the loss of her brother.
The club had suffered a financial loss for the 1933 season but had been able through its credit building fund to advance a loan to the Auckland Rugby League of £150 to assist in the grandstand development scheme at Carlaw Park.
His weight loss counts as 11 pounds with his one-pound advantage.
|2018-11-23 || Loss ||align=left| Saemapetch Fairtex || ONE Championship: Conquest of Champions  || Pasay, Philippines || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
Sun Guowen scored in the first loss, while Lin Liangming and Wang Yaopeng both scored decisive header in the second leg.
Uzodimma made his professional debut with Kayserispor in a 2–0 Turkish Cup loss to Fenerbahçe on 21 January 2020.
In Week 6, Dugger recorded his first career interception off of Cowboys’ QB Dak Prescott during the 29–35 overtime loss.
| 2018-10-07 || Loss ||align=left| Mahadej P.K.SaenchaiMuayThaiGym || Channel 7 Boxing Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Elbow) ||  ||
Collapsology is part of the idea that mankind impacts its environment sustainably and negatively, and propagates the concept of ecological urgency, linked in particular to global warming and the biodiversity loss.
Writing in The Guardian in October2021, Nakate argues that the countries and corporations largely responsible for greenhouse emissions should compensate African countries and communities for the loss and damage arising from climate change that they are now suffering.
They did not fare any better under their new name and finished last with a 1 win and 7 loss record in 1921 and again came last in 1922.
Hit amidships she sank within 20 minutes with the loss of 158 lives.
He made his professional debut with Heerenveen in a 3–1 Eredivisie loss to Feyenoord, on 18 January 2020.
Although the unit cells were optimised, the scan loss was 3.4 dB at 30°.
Many patients will also complain of having systemic B symptoms such as fever, night sweats, weight loss, and malaise.
Four points were awarded for a win and none for a loss.
Over 1935, the government paid part of the loss of 270,957 guilders.
A Royal Air Force BAE Systems Hawk T1 crashes near St. Martin, 5 miles south east of Helston, Cornwall after a suspected engine power loss.
Petre Bădeanțu played one game at international level for Romania, in a 1948 Balkan Cup match against Albania which ended with a 1–0 loss.
Then after a punt, Indianapolis drove to a first and goal from the Bills 4-yard line; after a 2-yard pass and a 1-yard run, Taylor was tackled for a 3-yard loss by Tre'Davious White and Taron Johnson.
There is also the risk of irreversible ice sheet loss.
Factors that predict malignancy include loculated appearance, mural nodules, papillary projections, p53 immunoreactivity, and loss of ovarian-like stroma.
The team represented British Columbia at the 2019 Canadian Junior Curling Championships, winning a gold medal with just one loss along the way.
He made his debut for the club on 14 May 2019, coming on as a second-half substitute for Imoh Ezekiel in a 2–0 away loss against Union Saint-Gilloise.
He made his debut for the club's under-18 side in a 3–0 loss to Fulham that month.
Tackling climate change and biodiversity loss is to be the government's highest international priority.
He worked closely with the insurance loss adjuster and oversaw the project.
The imagery of self-amputation may underscore the loss and fear felt by Kirchner regarding his artistic abilities and manhood following military service.
From these workshops, allowing direct sale of regulated hearing aids produced by consumer electronics companies emerged as a strategy to promote increased access to hearing loss treatments.
As a redshirt freshman, Wilson made 94 tackles, 7.5 tackles for loss and three sacks with seven passes defended, three interceptions with one returned for a touchdown, a forced fumble and three fumble recoveries with one returned for a touchdown and was named the Mountain West Conference Freshman of the Year.
24 with his 2523 ELO where he tied for the 14th-34th places eventually finishing in 17th place scoring 5.5/9 registering 3 wins, 5 draws and a loss against GM Oleg Korneev (2591) of Spain in the 6th round.
Taoui made his professional debut in a 1–0 Ligue 1 loss to Strasbourg on 5 February 2020.
He made his Primeira Liga debut on 8 February 2020, coming on as an early substitute for the injured Nuno Coelho in a 0–2 home loss against C.D.
In particular, Vincent Ducrot will have to deal with the economic challenges posed by the health crisis for the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB), which posted a loss of almost 500 million Swiss francs in the first half of 2020.
Will Hodgkinson of The Times stated, "The key to a great James Bond theme tune is to capture a sense of nagging emotional loss in a way that’s glamorous.
Seen as solidly grounded in all the major political issues of the day, critics have pointed to his loss in North Rhine-Westphalia and that he "lacks the common touch" to steer the party in the current state of German politics.
Mullins was charged with misconduct by the Civilian Complaint Review Board, in February 2021, and he faced the loss of months of salary.
In Round 2 of the 1996 ARL season, Smith scored his first try in a 16–24 loss to the Cronulla Sharks.
Syntactic change in Welsh: A study of the loss of verb-second.
A 2008 study found no evidence of N. rugifera causing weight loss in U. pugettensis.
Buttigieg has frequently pointed to automation as the chief cause of the great loss of manufacturing jobs nationwide.
A comment from another First Nations parent, about how the loss of their child triggered a desire for personal vengeance, was a trigger for the novel.
| 2007-06-17|| Loss ||align=left| Tomoaki Suehiro || R.I.S.E.
The tractors were owned by a man identified as Leroy Eash; their loss totaled US$10,000.
After Georgia's regular season loss to Auburn he was replaced by Ben Cleveland, but Kindley won the starting job at left guard in 2018.
The Tigers avenged their last season's finals loss against the Knights, defeating them in four games to win the title.
In the Spanish of the Americas, the gap created by the loss of familiar plural vos was filled by originally polite ustedes, with the result that there is no familiar/polite distinction in the plural, just as in the original tú/vos system.
 Loss of function mutations in the TNFAIP3 gene (40% of cases) whose product, tumor necrosis factor, alpha-induced protein 3, acts indirectly to inhibit TNF-mediated apoptosis and to activate the NF-kappa B signaling pathway.
Federer rebounded from his early loss at the Australian Open by winning his 100th title in Dubai.
The most common side effects include infections of the nose and throat, hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar) when used with a sulphonylurea and effects on the gut such as nausea (feeling sick), vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal (tummy) pain and loss of appetite.
The United Nations Industrial Development Organization released a report in June 2020 reported that 90% or more of firms expect revenue loss of more than 50% compared to last year.
| 2013-09-16 || Loss ||align=left| Fonpet Chuwattana || SNKA TITANS NEOS XIV  || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00 
Dora Bruder is a typical example of the themes found across Modiano's work such as memory, loss, recovery, time.
Nutrient depletion is a form of resource depletion and refers to the loss of nutrients and micronutrients in a habitat or parts of the biosphere, most often the soil (soil depletion, soil degradation).
Senior linebacker Jeff Davis led the team with 12 sacks and 20 tackles for loss and was a unanimous selection for the All-Big Sky team.
As a result of the flood, millions of survivors were faced with hardship due to displacement, injury, loss of property as well as food shortages and famine.
The loss was estimated to be $500,000.
In the second quarter of 2019, Boeing reported a record quarterly loss of $2.9billion, as it provisioned $4.9billion for airlines compensation.
| style="font-size:88%" | Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = Canceled      Bold = TCU team member
He started the game and was substituted after 54 minutes in a 1-5 away loss.
On January 19, 2019, in his sophomore season, Petty matched his career high of 30 points in a 71–68 loss to third-ranked Tennessee.
The unit returned fire supported by artillery and helicopter gunships in an action that continued for about 2 hours, resulting in 26 PAVN/VC killed for the loss of one U.S. killed.
As a result, the greater adjutant is threatened by pollution, habitat loss, and felling of nesting trees.
Other methods, such as sonication in ChIP-seq, requiring the use of increased temperatures and detergents, can lead to the loss of the factor.
In a separate press conference, PN Malacca chief Rafiq Naizmohideen announced immediate loss of Noor Effandi Ahmad's membership in BERSATU.
At the second anniversary of the beginning of the pandemic in Germany in January 2022, the German Economic Institute estimated the economic loss resulting from the pandemic to be 350 billion euros.
This loss forced his father to temporarily abandon the throne and leave Tripura for a number of years.
Swiss authorities responded to the loss of permission for EU companies to trade their shares on Swiss exchanges by reciprocally banning EU exchanges from listing the shares of Swiss companies.
As the total number of tickets sold to the concerts numbered 300,000, it was believed to be a significant blow to Gothenburg's tourism industry, with a potential loss of €84 million if all concerts scheduled at the arena were to be cancelled.
Zinga made his professional debut with Orléans in a 2–0 Ligue 2 loss to Troyes on 28 February 2020.
Points awarded in the group stage followed the formula of three points for a win, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
In the winters of 1885–1886 and 1886–1887, "intense blizzards" resulted in a tremendous loss of cattle in Colorado, nearly wiping out the cattle industry.
Causing significant late-season loss of life and widespread destruction were November hurricanes Eta and Iota, which made landfall in Central America as Category 4 storms just two weeks apart.
His physical condition was not improved by the loss of his savings about 1780.
The docks continued to experience a steady decrease in trade, including the abandonment of ferry services, and in 1975 the first serious financial trouble began after an operating loss of £1.5m, the largest in the port's history, was reported.
It elects four Councillors (a minor boundary change in 2017 caused the loss of the Calders neighbourhood and the northern parts of Wester Hailes, with a small decrease in population but no change to the number of councillors).
While he was at Woolwich, Merritt revised the design of the A20 prototype tank to become the A22 which went into production as the Churchill, incorporating his Merritt-Brown triple differential tank transmission (1939) which allowed a tracked vehicle to have continuously variable steering and mitigated the loss of power found when changing direction using other systems.
Following his loss to Gage, Page was "demoted" to GCW's sister promotion Jersey Championship Wrestling (JCW), where he started acting like a face and even changed his entrance music to the song he used in CZW ("We Can Roll" by Bad Rabbits).
This concept of existential catastrophe is strictly defined as a permanent, irreversible loss of potential; for example, even a disaster that killed a majority of humans would not be an existential catastrophe under this definition, provided that the survivors eventually recover and resume scientific and technological progress.
After opening 2019 with a first-round KO victory over Kurtis Allen, Saensatharn suffered his first loss in THAI FIGHT to Sasha Moisa at THAI FIGHT Mueang Khon 2019 on March 30, 2019, losing by first-round KO.
| 2021-11-25|| Loss ||align=left| Diesellek Wor.Wanchai || Petchyindee True4U, Rangsit Stadium || Rangsit, Thailand || Decision || 5 ||3:00 
He used the money to buy put options on Apple stock, a trade which led to a loss of $46,000, enormous relative to his initial deposit of only $2,000.
In 1986, the Soviet Government announced that it would reduce aid to friendly nations; for Vietnam, those reductions meant the loss of 20% of its economic aid and one-third of its military aid.
The CSI 300 Index, an aggregate measure of the top 300 stocks in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges, dropped almost 3% on 23 January 2020, the biggest single-day loss in almost 9 months after the Wuhan lockdown was announced as the investors that are spooked by the drastic measure sought a safe haven for their investments.
Additionally, 29% of economically active respondents in Guernsey had suffered a loss in work or worked fewer hours the week commencing 6 April.
More serious symptoms included a loss of self-confidence, anxiety, depression and a tendency to make self-deprecatory remarks.
On 17 July 2021, ACI World estimated that global passenger traffic in 2020 was reduced by over 5.9 billion passengers, a loss of 62.3% of what was estimated for the year.
After the election loss, Warsame did not leave the country like many of his fellow candidates, but remained in the country and continued to present his political philosophy and expanded the Wadajir Party.
Jolliffe played all 25 matches for the Gold Coast in the 2021 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss against the Sydney Roosters.
On May 1, 2021, Sulte made his MLS debut starting in a 4-1 loss to FC Dallas.
It was not disputed that the stop loss insurers had a right of subrogation, but the dispute related to the amount to which they were subrogated.
Viveros played for Bolivia at senior level in a 0–6 friendly loss to Brazil on 9 April 2017.
On April 1, Governor Herbert issued an executive order suspending enforcement of evictions until May 15 for residential tenants who were current on payments as of March 31 and suffered loss of job or wages.
He made his Asian Champions League debut against Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors FC coming on for Paulo Retre in the 83rd minute of a 1–0 loss.
When Pitino took over from Crum in 2001, he gave Davenport, who then weighed , an ultimatum to lose weight; Pitino reminded Davenport of the loss of his father, telling him, "Think of all the things your dad never got to see you do."
Balkh officials and volunteers announced that over 20,000 displaced people and returnees, as well as over 10,000 vulnerable families in the province, needed assistance due to the loss of jobs, low wages, and unemployment.
Nishikawa made his debut for the senior squad on 15 March 2020 in 0-3 loss to Wellington Phoenix.
After making sweeping roster changes in the offseason and bringing in players whom he has previously worked with such as Akwasi Asante, they began the following season with a upset loss to ninth-tier Christchurch F.C.
The loss moved the Spartans to 6–2 on the season and 0–2 in conference play.
The loss dropped the Spartans to 7–10 in league play and 13–10 overall, but they remained in consideration for an at-large berth to the NCAA Tournament.
In Week 17 against the Baltimore Ravens, Davis-Gaither recorded his first career interception off a pass thrown by Lamar Jackson during the 38–3 loss.
Three days later, he recorded a career-high 24 points, five steals and four three-pointers in a 79–71 loss to 11th-ranked Florida State at the Never Forget Tribute Classic.
The aim was to be a bridge between the financial assistance program and the loss of employment during these times, as you have to be unemployed for twelve weeks before you can apply for financial assistance.
She made her debut for the Young Matildas during a 5–1 loss against North Korea.
A 5–0 loss in an away game to Esbjerg fB was cancelled by the DBU disciplinary committee after Esbjerg had fielded four ineligible players, resulting in three points for Sydvest 05.
Robinson was named honorable mention All-ACC as a senior after recording 46 tackles, 9.5 tackles for loss, 4.5 sacks and a forced fumble.
Loss of Traditional Practices and Culture 
The case fatality ratio for COVID-19 is much lower than SARS, but the transmission rate is significantly higher, resulting in a significantly larger loss of life.
There she was surveyed, condemned as a constructive total loss, and sold for breaking up.
 Removal of rock fragments and its effect on soil loss and crop yield (study on experimental plots)
According to the Advisory Committee for Revitalization of the Economy of Assam, the total loss in gross state domestic product in Assam due to the COVID-19 lockdown was estimated at around Rs 32,167 crore.
On February 3, 2020, he scored 15 points in a 74–62 loss to Xavier but injured his knee late in the game and was listed as day-to-day.
Many businesses left the United Kingdom to move into the EU, which resulted in trade loss and economic downturn for both EU members and the UK.
On 31 July 2021, he scored his first goal for the club in a 1–2 Liga II loss to Metaloglobus București.
The next tournament to take place in July 2020 saw him pull out with a knee injury on Day 8, which he sustained the previous day in a loss to Kaisei.
He was named a starter at defensive end as a redshirt junior and was named first team All-Conference USA after setting a school record with 17.5 tackles for loss along with 60 total tackles, three sacks and two forced fumbles.
Other towns in South Alabama reported homes unroofed and trees blown down, but without loss of life.
Three points were now awarded for a win, one point for a tie and no points for a loss.
On 17 November 2019, Sawi made his debut for South Sudan in a 2–1 loss against Burkina Faso.
The operation was badly carried out and several errors led to the destruction of a 17th-century chapel, the loss of many family crypts -some of them being work of art edifices- and the demolition of the caretaker's house.
His lectureship and loss of eyes 
Enemy's loss, 4 known to be killed.
All this formed part of the notorious Ambon Wars where the VOC troops crushed all opposition with enormous loss of life.
On 5 December, he scored 33 points, a career-high in the LEB Plata, and six rebounds in a 95–86 loss to Navarra.
The Aggies began their season well, shutting out opponents in consecutive games, but after a close loss to Springfield Training the team flagged in their final three games, losing all while not being able to score a goal.
On 20 October, Giddey made his NBA debut, putting up four points, 10 rebounds, and three assists in a 107–86 loss to the Utah Jazz.
| 2015-09-26 || Loss ||align=left| Youssef Boughanem || Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Klein also found that these microglia remain active long after infection clears leading to post-infection inflammation and further synapse loss.
He was given a bill by the SRU for the loss of the Scotland jersey of 12 shillings and 6 pence.
Both deals were contingent on final regulatory approval of the merger from the FCC, California Public Utilities Commission, and state AGs (or loss of lawsuit); the Spectrum sale will be completed 3 years after the closure of the merger to allow time for Sprint legacy network customers to switch to the new T-Mobile network.
Harry 1970 found it to cause weight loss but not molting or feeding inhibition.Gregarina garnhami is used for biocontrol of Schistocerca gregaria'' - adults and nymphs - and may be appropriate for deployment in Nepal.
In very cold water there are two problems causing loss of dexterity.
He meets and befriends Congorilla, a fellow hero who is also mourning the loss of someone close to him, in this case his partner and close friend, Freedom Beast.
Each team played the other teams in their pool once, with three points awarded for a win, two points for a draw, and one point for a loss (no points awarded for a forfeit).
Struggling to cope with his loss, who felt like family to him.
The scheme paid a grant worth 80% of profits up to £2,500 each month to self-employed people whose trading profit was less than £50,000 in the 2018–19 financial year or an average less than £50,000 over the last three financial tax years, and who suffered a loss of income.
SARS-CoV-2 was found on RT-PCR of swabs and biopsies following a spontaneous fetal loss at 19 wk.
Her first SDHL game was a 4-3 loss against Modo Hockey in mid-October 2017, with Michela Cava being the first SDHL player to score against her, scoring a hat-trick.
In the 1927 Europe Zone first round, he again teamed up with Malmström and suffered a 4–1 loss against Great Britain.
Loss of authority to the beys
On 22 September 2019, Norman was last benched for Swallows in a 2–1 away loss to Steenburg United.
In his third appearance Barboza scored a goal against defending champions Chennai City, and on 12 December 2019, he led the team to their first win in the season following a loss and a draw against East Bengal.
The ship was refloated without loss of life, luggage or cargo.
| 2016-08-22|| Loss ||align=left| Talaytong Sor.Thanaphet ||  || Krasang District, Thailand || KO || 4 ||
moreover, in this case it will be assumed without loss of generality that  for all 
He earned three caps in total for Germany, making his final appearance on 17 October 1936 in a friendly against the Irish Free State, which finished as a 2–5 loss in Dublin.
He was able to measure the loss through a chair that he designed.
N95 and surgical masks, both designed for single-use, can be decontaminated at a loss to mask integrity and filtration efficacy.
The company was faced with a significant loss for 1985, due to increased development, sales, and marketing costs, including opening sales offices in the United States.
President Ayub Khan said, "The untimely demise of Mr. Nehru is the loss of a great Indian leader who commanded not only admiration but also the devotion of his people.
Loss of lands by the Huilliche in the 19th century was often related to scams, language barriers, and the decline of legal framework, such as the comisario de naciones, that protected indigenous interest.
Some gay South Koreans expressed anxiety and even suicidality over the situation, fearing job loss and public outing.
The Nam Ou 6 dam is expected to cause the loss of 2,234 hectares of land because of construction site land use and river inundation.
Since Dugin's and Vorobyevsky's first publications on the topic, the idea of Jewish-American conspiracy being responsible for the loss of Wirth's world-explaining encyclopaedia, has gained foothold in Russian nationalist circles.
Damage along this portion of the path consisted of mobile homes, metal buildings, outbuildings, and poultry barns destroyed, along with frame homes sustaining roof and exterior wall loss.
Against Georgia Tech, NC State suffered its worse loss in program history, losing by a score of 128–0.
In Amhara, some farms have registered nearly 100 percent loss of teff, a staple crop in Ethiopia.
On 10 September 2020, Ruiz-Atil made his debut for Paris Saint-Germain in a 1–0 Ligue 1 loss to Lens.
They were subsequently knocked out of the tournament by the Adelaide Strikers in an eight wicket semi-final loss at Allan Border Field.
Considering the extensive field work in the area and the loss of suitable habitat, it is likely that this species is extinct.
The trawler immediately broke up with the loss of all hands.
He made his debut a day later in a 2–1 loss to Sligo Rovers.
Chiyo is the subject of some side stories involving weight loss and obesity, Asō has mentioned he has been working hard to draw the girls to appeal to the seinen demographic.
Špindler earned his first and only cap for Bohemia on 5 April 1908 in a friendly match against Hungary, which finished as a 2–5 loss in Budapest.
CAA suffered their only loss against a non-collegiate football team, getting blanked by the superior athletic club in front of the biggest crowd they would see that year.
Makkal Needhi Maiam president Kamal Haasan said that no amount of relief can compensate for the loss and expressed his condolences.
Artist Thomas Croft, at a loss as to what to paint during lockdown, put out an offer on Instagram on 4 April, saying he would paint a free portrait for the first National Health Service (NHS) worker to reply:
Wunsch made his professional debut with Rapid Wien in a 2-1 Austrian Football Bundesliga loss to SC Rheindorf Altach on 25 May 2019.
The continued instability with the head coach didn't help the Greens as they suffered the worst loss in program history to Princeton.
Koshuleva capped most recently for Bulgaria at senior level in a 0–6 friendly loss to Croatia on 14 June 2019.
1.  could still have played finals with a loss against Carlton if  had also lost in Round 20.
He finished his collegiate career with a school-record 30.5 sacks and his 71.5 career tackles for loss rank sixth all-time on the FCS list.
However, other Tamil film producers welcomed the move as they have all rights to sell their film to any platforms to recover the loss and other industries had started this move.
He had 42 tackles, 4.5 tackles for a loss and also lead the team with 11 passes broken up and four interceptions and was named first team All-Sun Belt Conference in his junior season.
In Week 1, Osborn had 7 receptions for 76 receiving yards in a 27–24 OT loss to the  Cincinnati Bengals.
As a senior, he earned second-team All-Conference USA honors after posting eight passes defensed, an interception, 2.0 sacks, and 4.0 tackles for loss.
Garvin had 26 tackles for loss and 10.5 sacks in his sophomore and junior seasons at Miami.
He finished his collegiate career with 283 tackles, six sacks, 21 tackles for loss, and six passes defensed.
They then rounded out the tour with a 32–0 loss to the Metropolis team who had trounced them at the beginning of the tour, Te Whata again lining out in the second row, before a final match with Orange which they won 25-15 before they returned to New Zealand.
At Kämärä, five Finnish Renault FT and three Vickers tanks were captured, as well as 120 Finnish soldiers, in return for a loss of ten of the 13th's tanks.
It resulted in loss of power, severe flooding and many residents being displaced.
As a true freshman in 2018, Mukuamu played in all 13 games with 2 starts, making 17 tackles, two tackles for loss, one interception, one pass broken up and a forced fumble.
In the first round of the 2019 NCAA Tournament, Burns scored 32 points and made a career-high eight three-pointers in a 77–70 loss to second-seeded Tennessee.
In those games, he made 36 total tackles, 3 tackles for loss, had 2 sacks, and had 1 interception.
253 Squadron RAF were responsible for the only loss.
The Keeper's Indemnity was wider than the Keeper's Warranty, as the indemnity was available to any individual suffering loss due to an error in the Land Register.
This exhibition focused on Atiku's meditation on the loss of a father he never met.
Some patients experience cognitive dysfunction called "", or "COVID brain fog", involving memory loss, inattention, poor concentration or disorientation.
where  q = kf - ki is the momentum transfer and the delta function δ conserves energy: ω is the photon energy loss and Ei & Ef are the initial and final states of the system, respectively.
However, after this rare loss, Carolina would take the next 11 meetings, with only two games decided by three or fewer goals.
Following the 2021 Canadian federal election, the Conservative Party remained the Official Opposition with a loss of two seats, leaving it with 119 seats in the House of Commons.
Ajnala town of Amritsar district in Punjab also suffered a heavy loss where floods washed away a large number of the villages.
| 2016-07-17|| Loss ||align=left| Matee Sor.Jor Vichitpidrew || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision|| 5 || 3:00
The scores of two late-season contests between New Hampshire and Dover A. C. were listed in Boston newspapers; one New Hampshire win (10–5 on November 21) and one New Hampshire loss (5–6 on November 26, Thanksgiving).
The types of hearing loss reported in patients differ over a great spectrum.
The longer deletions actually led to more severe phenotypes such as retardation and bilateral hearing loss.
Gonçalves capped for Andorra at senior level in a 0–2 friendly loss to Luxembourg on 10 November 2018.
In his professional debut, he had 22 points and six rebounds in a 114–76 loss to the Willetton Tigers.
It would end up being UNLV's only loss over a stretch of 55 games between the 1989–90 and 1990–91 seasons.
New Zealand faced Australia in their final group match: victory would ensure them a place in the final, but a loss would leave Australia, England and New Zealand all on the same number of points, and run rate would have to be used to determine which teams reached the final.
Sex workers, who used the site to vet potential clients, were faced with a loss of income from the closure.
Prins Hendrik seems to have been fully insured, so the direct financial loss for the SMN was limited.
The tie left the door open for Dartmouth but the loss to Harvard prevented the Greens from being able to claim a superior record.
Media groups and people's organizations denounced the shutdown order for being a loss of democracy, freedom of expression, and freedom of the press.
In the 2017 season, Fisher earned Freshman All-America honors from the FWAA and was named the Big Ten Freshman Defensive Player of the Year by the Big Ten Network after recording 113 tackles, nine tackles for loss, four forced fumbles, and one interception.
Jones finished the year with 44 tackles, 13 tackles for loss, nine sacks and a fumble recovery.
We only know that JG 26 loss doesnt fit in time and place.
By 2011 it had a loss of $172,000 and only had 92 students.
She proved impossible to refloat and became a total loss.
The Rise, The Loss, and The Resurrection make up the three novels in The Originals series written by Julie Plec.
For a period from 1935 he was forced to rebrand the Prince's as a variety house and music hall, but the subsequent loss of income resulted in the theatre not getting its badly needed refurbishment and redecoration.
Instead of the benefits of electrification, Railways observed a loss of punctuality in such trains due to valuable time being lost to switch between diesel and electric locomotives.
In 2010, she joined Jochen Zeitz to develop the 2025 strategy for the luxury group, Kering, including a sustainable materials design lab and the first environmental profit and loss account.
Despite the wide loss margin, Lammens's share of the votes represents the best electoral result for an opposition party in Buenos Aires City since Mauricio Macri's victory in 2007.
With the Colts' unusual formation alerting the Patriots to the fake punt before the play began and Anderson virtually unprotected by his teammates, the play resulted in Anderson immediately tackled for a loss as New England took over on downs.
This sleep loss can increase the risk of cardiometabolic challenges, such as high blood pressure.
It appears that the death toll was big in all the elite classes in Norwegian society, contributing to the Norwegian loss of independence under the Kalmar Union in several areas.
Stemming from damage to fibre-optic cables in Kolkata, Bhutan Telecom saw a total loss of service for 17 hours on 20–21 May and TashiCell saw a 60 percent outage.
2007 brought the loss of the county's National League Division 1 status, having failed to register a single point from its seven match campaign.
2010 brought the visit of Galway to Gaelic Park and despite suffering the loss of two players to sendings off early in the second half, New York gave The Tribesmen a scare, though eventually capitulating by 2-13 to 0-12.
| 2013-02-02 || Loss ||align=left| Super-X Por.
Due to loss of uplink capability with Apollo 14 central station on March 5, 1975, the experiment could no longer be commanded and the grenades remain unfired.
Bundesliga on 14 December 2019, coming on as a substitute in the 89th minute for Marc Lorenz in the home match against Greuther Fürth, which finished as a 1–5 loss.
A close loss to Tipperary in Walsh Park in the 1996 Munster semi-final suggested there might be life in the 1992 generation.
Dickinson finally acquiesced upon receiving assurances that there would be no financial loss to his son and family.
Despite the loss, Markison was named Playoff Finals MVP.
Klostermann was named second team All-North Central Conference as a senior after he led the team in fumble recoveries and tackles for loss and finished second on the team in tackles and sacks.
On November 4, Queen recorded a season-high 41 points in a loss to New Mexico Junior College.
Their finding highlighted the possibility of autism-associated mutations exerting their effects through loss of astrocyte function in the brain.
These findings suggested that targeting TNF might be a promising strategy to prevent the loss of dopamine neurons in PD and also prevent prevent neuronal pathology on AD.
44th United States President Barack Obama wrote in 2018 that, while he disagrees with many of the conclusions of the book, Why Liberalism Failed "offers cogent insights into the loss of meaning and community that many in the West feel, issues that liberal democracies ignore at their own peril".
 Mucous membrane pemphigoid: Ocular form of mucous membrane pemphigoid may cause corneal opacity and loss of vision.
It partly evolved as a successor of the New Hanseatic League that was set up to make up for the loss of the like-minded United Kingdom in the European political arena after Brexit.
Boyer attempted to quell the revolt, but with a loss of support and no chance of victory, Boyer abdicated in 1843 and went into exile in Jamaica.
A loss to Devonport in the Roope Rooster competition and a 10–10 drawn match with City Rovers as part of the Labour Day celebrations.
In December 2016, SpaceX announced their first crewed flights would also be delayed to 2018, following the loss of Amos-6 in an accidental launch pad explosion of a Falcon 9, the Crew Dragon's launch vehicle.
Ron Wertheimer of The New York Times praised the film, writing that "Night Ride Home has the courage to depict imperfect people who are walloped by a heartbreaking loss and emerge only slightly wiser and no more perfect than before.
Molloy made his Timbers debut on 18 July 2020, starting in a 3–0 loss to Tacoma Defiance.
The loss at St. John's began a five-game losing streak for Georgetown.
After the loss to Colorado, Ewing told the press, "I think our story is still being written."
On September 13, Columbia closed out the season on the road with an 8–5 loss to Pulaski.
That encounter was within 12 hours of Indianapolis being torpedoed and sunk with heavy loss of life by the , (Commander Mochitsura Hashimoto), at 00:14, on 30 July.
Without loss of generality it is supposed that trailing edges of the VCO and Ref signals occur 
Two years later, Osborne beat rival Oklahoma for the first time, but Nebraska lost a rematch to the Sooners in the 1979 Orange Bowl after an upset loss to Missouri cost NU a chance at the national title.
Henderson played its final league game on July 19 at Terre Haute, a 5–4 loss.
The loss was part of a 2–5 closing stretch that put an NCAA Tournament bid out of reach, despite a buzzer-beater by sophomore Sean Daugherty to beat No.
Heroic Defeats: The Politics of Job Loss.
She also suffered temporary hearing loss as a result of cysts on her eardrum.
As a sophomore, he was named a starter at outside linebacker, tallying 56 tackles (sixth on the team), 7.5 sacks (second on the team) and 12.5 tackles for loss (second on the team).
Since the beginning of the crisis, the country has entered a deep economic recession, losing 9% of its GDP in 2020, equal to a loss of €156 billion.
Then in 1857, the mysterious burning of Cedar Grove resulted in the loss not only of the entire homestead but priceless family heirlooms of the Adams family such as the Copley painting of Abigail “Nabby” Smith, and many other manuscripts, books, and letters of value.
Oil palm growers in the state had incurred a loss to the tune of Rs 25-Rs 30 lakh because of absence of market.
Originally named as a travelling reserve for the OlyWhites to play at the 2020 Summer Olympics, Garbett ended up starting in the final two games – first in a 0–0 draw in the final pool game against Romania, followed by a loss to Japan in the quarter-finals.
Pascua then challenged Chatchai Sasakul for the WBC's international flyweight title but lost by unanimous 12-round decision at Bangkok on April 28, 1993, but he followed that loss with a win over Dodie Boy Penalosa, a former world champion, by 10-round unanimous decision at the Cuneta Astrodome in Pasay on July 17.
| 3 Sep 2021 || Loss ||align=left| Anissa Meksen || ONE Championship: Empower || Kallang, Singapore || KO (Left hook) || 2 || 2:27
To emphasize the poetics of the artist’s entire work, Lóránd Hegyi adds: "... for this reason we can’t look at them without compassion, without empathy, since, in their essence, the slow process of disappearance, the unstoppable process of loss, acquires a poetically powerful form."
The full demographic loss to the Soviet peoples was even greater.
This massive loss in jobs caused the myGov website to crash and lines out of Centrelink offices to run hundreds of metres long.
The work, Still Waters (between estrangement and reconciliation), was performed at the Singapore Art Museum, a rare publicly-staged performance work between 1994 to 2003, described by Victor as a work responding to the de facto performance art ban and the loss of the 5th Passage space.
He scored 14 point for the Free State in their 22–30 loss.
After this loss he went to Switzerland, playing two seasons for FC Bern, firstly in the second tier Nationalliga B and after an immediate promotion in the Nationalliga A securing the league stay as twelfth out of 14 teams.
| 2020-02-07 || Loss ||align=left| Fabio Kwasi || OSS Fighters 05, Final || Bucharest, Romania || TKO (referee stoppage) ||  3
Lowery says, "This EP was my way to process the loss of my mother, and the hard hit and the uncertainty of my livelihood from the pandemic."
you suffered grief and anguish, loss and pain;
In the death of this valuable officer, the country has sustained no ordinary loss.
Three months after his loss to Gutiérrez, he suffered a torn Achilles tendon which required two surgeries.
As the German tanks moved across in front of its positions, 245 Bty engaged them, destroying 13 for the loss of six Achilles (four of which were later recovered).
Inspector Rajasekhar who happened to be there in the jeep learns from the doctor that the accident caused a major head injury for the person resulting in temporary memory loss.
On 18 February 1926 he had his first loss in America to Billy Edwards in a match in Portland, dropping the Pacific Coast Light Heavyweight championship, due to kicking Edwards in the chin during the bout which he claimed was an accident.
The loss of autonomy and privileges granted till that event, the new taxes introduced from Parma caused a revolt against duke Filippo Borbone.
It was the first loss of Morimoto's professional career.
Frustrated with the loss of trust from the syndicates, Chou hatched a plan to rob one of the syndicates still in contact with him.
"In whatever is done, a single win or loss is the end; how could there be another partition?
One positive aspect, however, from Roof's tenure was that Duke defenses consistently ranked in the top 30 in tackles for loss for the first time in years.
As the regular season of the Allsvenskan started, Mellberg decided to give Widell a spot in the first team, and the young centre-back made his professional debut on June 15, 2020 in the first game of the season, against Varbergs BoIS: he played the entirety of the match as his club eventually suffered a 0-3 home loss.
In 1996, a group belonging to The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints bought Southern Seminary following its loss of accreditation.
1 ranking in both major polls, but fell short of a second straight Final Four appearance after a loss to Cincinnati in the Midwest Regional Final of the NCAA Tournament.
Gargiulo was named first team All-Ivy again as a senior after recording 58 tackles, 21 tackles for a loss, and eight sacks with one fumble recovery and one forced fumble.
However, in 1966 they ran a $523,947 loss.
It was reported that Sulaiman's untimely death was a big loss and tragedy to the National U-18 squad (Sulaiman's football team), as well as his fellow team players and friends; they all held Sulaiman's future with high regard due to the victim's exceptional talent and skills.
Indian automotive manufacturing company Tata Motors reported a net loss of 84 billion rupees during the second quarter of 2020, as a result of declining sales in Europe and China exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic.
On October 2, he faced his brother Kiefer and the Shiga Lakestars during the first game of the season, recording 11 points and 6 rebounds in a 93–83 loss.
At the NCAA championships, Valencia, the third seed, made his way to his second final with a pin and three major decisions, while also dominantly avenging his regular season loss to Daniel Lewis.
Brighton were smashed out of the FA Cup in the 94th minute with a headed goal for Kelechi Iheanacho in the 1–0 away loss at Leicester City on 10 February.
With the loss, Arsenal, the cup holders, were knocked out of the competition, while Southampton advanced to the fifth round to face Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Embryo loss often happens without an awareness of pregnancy, and an estimated 40 to 60% of all embryos do not survive.
Flooding of this part of the river caused the loss of many valuable habitats of plants and animals residing in this type of environment.
They said the death penalty merely endorses and repeat the violence and senseless loss of life inflicted by the accused through his crime and legitimise violence.
For instance, he translates and merges deep ecology ideas of species extinction and habitat loss into facets of the Great Replacement conspiracy such as white genocide and the replacement of 'indigenous' white people with 'invasive' foreigners.
On November 20 Ministry of Health Jaime Mañalich declared to the Chamber of Deputies that there was twelve persons with the loss of one eye and about thirty with serious injuries.
After the Six-Day War defeat against Israel in 1967, Suidani blamed Syrian minister of defense Hafez Al-Assad for the loss of the Golan Heights, and a quarrel erupted within Syrian high command.
The ship caught fire after a torpedo hit and sank in 13 minutes with the loss of three of her 23 crew members.
The race doctor reported that Jakobsen had suffered several major injuries, including serious brain trauma and damage to the upper respiratory tract, a broken palate, and heavy blood loss, and remained in life-threatening condition.
A weakened City team were then knocked out of the EFL Trophy in the second round as they lost 2–1 to League One Northampton Town but this loss did not deter the Grecians' startling League form and another high-scoring victory at home, this time against Tranmere Rovers, wowed the St James Park crowd.
Fermor played 15 games for the Gold Coast in the 2021 NRL season including the club's elimination final loss against the Sydney Roosters.
The first team to be relegated from Segunda División were Racing Santander, after a 1−2 home loss against Elche on 4 July 2020, suffering an immediate return to the Segunda División B.
Boateng made his professional debut with Aves in a 1-0 Primeira Liga loss to Moreirense F.C.
While down 2 points to 6, Bey attacked Iunusov with a right hook to the chin at the end of the match, this led to a disqualification loss.
Ladislau Csillag played one friendly game for Romania, when he came as a substitute and replaced Károly Weichelt at half-time in a 4–1 away loss against Czechoslovakia.
On March 13, 2021, Moody recorded a career-high 28 points and nine rebounds in a 78–71 loss to LSU at the SEC Tournament semifinals.
the loss of resources, status or life.
In 1996 it was assessed as "not threatened" in the Red data list of southern African plants, but in 2009 it was re-assessed as "near threatened", due to an estimated population reduction of 20-30%, caused by a loss of 28% of its natural habitat over the past century.
Her work explores the nature of love, loss, grief, and hope.
Urbanization leads to land loss and affects natural ecosystems, and the impact of urbanization on biodiversity is more serious than other forms of human activities (Czech,et al,2000).
Innovations in agriculture are meant to ensure increase in food production and subsequent decrease in food loss and food waste.
There was a substantial loss occasioned by unauthorised dealings for clients and reputed price manipulation practices in the Los Angeles branch office of the firm.
The relationship between intrauterine infections and second-trimester pregnancy loss as well as early preterm delivery has been established.
The next game wasn't an improvement, as it was Tomas Soucek's turn to score a brace, in a 3–2 home loss to West Ham United.
The survey from the Angus Reid Institute found that 44 percent of Canadian households have experienced some type of job loss.
Two more winless home games, a loss to Preston North End and a draw with Coventry City, left Birmingham 20th in the table, four points above Rotherham United who had two games in hand, and Karanka still talking about mistakes, goals and Groundhog Day.
The collapse of Laura Ashley made it the first casualty of the pandemic with a loss of 2,700 jobs.
Before the league was truncated, due to the Anas Number 12 expose, he played 15 league matches and scored a goal, his debut goal in 2–1 loss to Eleven Wonders on 15 April.
On the other hand, Prakashan becomes jealous as she is going to marry Kiran and accuses her for the loss of Vikram.
| 2019-2-16|| Loss || align="left" | Rui || Krush 98 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Flying knee) || 3|| 2:31
Main complication of exposure keratopathy is permanent vision loss due to corneal opacification.
However, in English and Welsh common law of tort it was possible from the early seventeenth century for a spouse to prosecute an adulterer for damages on the grounds of loss of consortium until the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1970.
At a loss of what to do, Fong attempts to seek help from Yee, only to be led to a public proposal party.
| 2013-04-05 || Loss ||align=left|Superbon Banchamek || Muay Thai Warriors - Thailand vs World, Pattaya Boxing World Stadium || Pattaya, Thailand || KO(Left Elbow) || 3 ||
He played his first game of the season on 30 January 2019, coming on as a substitute during a 1–2 Atletiba loss at Arena da Baixada.
The loss was one of the most surprising results in NCAA Tournament history and is often listed as one of if not the biggest upset in tournament history.
Hogstad would suffer a unanimous decision loss during Get in the Ring 18, dropping a decision to Meryem Uslu.
Another 1-0 home loss - the Sons' fourth in five games - followed, this time to Scottish Premiership side Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup.
Schäuble and MEP Elmar Brok both stressed the need for the EU to take its own internal and external security into its own hands in order to prevent a further loss of overall stature.
"The Young Thesis, the Loss of China, and United States Gold Policy."
On 4 August 2019, he made his professional debut as a substitute in a 3–0 loss to Hajduk Split.
However the case law evolved to raise the possibility that the rule against reflective loss should extend more widely, beyond shareholders’ claims to claims by other parties.
In addition to the loss of life, the disease can also cause long-term illness, the effects of which may be harder to calculate.
| 2015-05-23 || Loss ||align=left| Cedric Castagna || IXeme Tophée des Etoiles || Aix-en-Provence, France || Decision || 3 || 3:00
Ann Powers of NPR deemed the song "more sophisticated" than Swift's previous writing while remaining "classic Taylor Swift", and stated that the singer takes an event "specific almost only to her, and opens it up into something universal ... because we have all experienced a sense of betrayal and loss of self-ownership."
I fell in love with both George and "Polly on the Shore", which is a song about a sea battle, and the loss of love and life during the Napoleonic wars.
Cruz Azul had not won a single match in the first nine rounds and had managed to get only six points; besides, the team had recently suffered a disgraceful 6–1 loss against Uruguayan club Fénix in the Copa Libertadores.
Minnesota throttled the Eagles 1–14 in the semifinal, the worst loss in the history of the tournament (as of 2020), then Michigan won the consolation game 7–2.
However, Kwan remained undiscouraged by the loss and instead encouraged Yang to continue his efforts.
He made his professional debut on July 25, 2020, starting in a 1-0 loss to San Antonio FC.
Mazzolini made his professional debut with Servette FC in a 5–1 Swiss Super League loss to FC Thun on 22 July 2020.
| 2017-3-4 || Loss ||align=left| Ruth Ashdown || Pantheon Fight Series: Imperium || Hastings, England || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
DeGennaro's previous orco research prompted the lab's investigation into the mechanism behind carbon dioxide detection, which could evidently make up for the loss of function in odorant receptors.
Ward scored a freshman season-high 22 points in an overtime loss to IUPUI.
| 2014-09-09 || Loss ||align=left| Liam Harrison || Smash 10 || Liverpool, England || Decision || 5 || 3:00
Jayuya, a town in the center of Puerto Rico experienced substantial effects including the loss of its 1.5 million dollar hot air balloon, an important tourist attraction.
On December 5, Stanley scored a career-high 40 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in a 94–91 overtime loss to Howard.
Jennifer Gonsalves for MEA Worldwide wrote that the album felt "like an out-of-body experience, with Brandy's whispery vocals being the magic carpet that gently guides you through a journey from pain and loss to self-discovery and love," specifically picking out "Borderline" as "probably one of the best representations of this form of storytelling."
He started again the following week against Florida State on October 3, throwing for 215 yards in a loss.
Cranfield sank at  with the loss of nine lives; there were 67 survivors.
He struggled in the 44–16 loss against Clemson University in the national championship game, allowing 3 receptions for 162 receiving yards and leaving the contest with an ankle injury.
On February 23, 2019, Buie scored eight points and had a career-high 12 assists in a 104–99 overtime loss to James Madison.
 loss of the Proto-Cerrado codas *-m, *-n, *-j’;
The following is a list of fires that burned more than 1,000 acres, or produced significant structural damage or loss of life.
ending in a 4–0 loss.
That accords with the general principle at common law that a wrongdoer is not required to compensate a victim for loss which the wrongdoer does not cause, even where the cause of action is the tort of deceit."
The loss ended their 18-game home winning streak and extended the Trojans' winning streak in their crosstown rivalry to four.
Matches played from the 1986 edition to the 1994 edition had been provided with 2 points for a win, 1 for a draw and 0 for a loss.
On March 23, 2019, he recorded a career-high 17 points and eight rebounds in an 83–71 loss to first-seeded Gonzaga in the NCAA Tournament second round.
Hearing loss due to noise may be temporary, called a 'temporary threshold shift', a reduced sensitivity to sound over a wide frequency range resulting from exposure to a brief but very loud noise like a gunshot, firecracker, jet engine, jackhammer, etc.
Hearing loss can be inherited.
This is usually due to middle ear effusions in childhood but towards the end of the second decade they may develop a high frequency sensorineural hearing loss which may progressively worsen.
For some ototoxic chemical exposures, particularly styrene, the risk of hearing loss can be higher than being exposed to noise alone.
Another method for quantifying hearing loss is a speech-in-noise test.
For certain legal purposes such as insurance claims, hearing loss is described in terms of percentages.
People with extreme hearing loss may communicate through sign languages.
The trials were a triple-elimination tournament, and Vukich's third loss came against fellow Seattle curler Roger Schnee.
After regular performances in the autumn and winter of 2020, Fundambu unexpectedly dropped out of the squad and played only one match in 2021, the last 9 minutes of the 3–0 loss against Zagłębie Sosnowiec.
He made his first grade debut from the bench in his side's 40−6 loss to the Western Suburbs Magpies at Lidcombe Oval in round 9 of the 1983 season.
She made her debut for them in a 5–0 loss to Peamount United.
While the  Triple Crown was not up for grabs due to  Strike the Gold's loss at the 1991 Preakness Stakes, four horses were eligible for the $1,000,000  Triple Crown Challenge
Dartmouth's sole league loss was to its co-champion, Yale.
| 1995- || Loss ||align=left|  Saenkeng Pinsinchai  || || France || Decision || 5||3:00
In the final game of his junior season, Wiggins scored a career-high 27 points in a 96–77 loss to Alabama at the second round of the NCAA Tournament.
Ochi returned to mixed martial arts following a 13-month absence from the sport, in his first fight post-title loss, to face Kazuki Shibuya at DEEP 103 Impact on September 23, 2021.
Then 2 matches against the touring Australian University side in mid-June with him scoring a try in the first match which was lost 12–13, before a 7–18 loss in the second match with over 12,000 spectators present.
On November 17, 2018, Gilbeck posted nine points and a career-high 19 rebounds in a 68–66 overtime loss to Eastern Illinois.
Fearing the loss of her freedom as a result of political persecution, she fled the country on the eve of the 2020 Belarusian presidential election, joining her husband in Moscow.
On February 17, 2018, Chartouny scored a career-high 28 points and grabbed 10 rebounds in a 80-70 loss to Dayton.
Four points were awarded to the winning team, a draw equaled two points, whilst a loss amounted to zero points.
He made his debut in the Superettan on October 25, 2014, in a 2–1 home loss against Assyriska FF, where Tanda was replaced by Luka Peric in the 87th minute.
The loss was the first by UConn since 2008, when Stanford had beaten the Huskies in the 2008 Final Four.
Three-time World Championship semi-finalist Alan McManus announced his retirement after his second-round loss to Bai Langning.
Reid thought that recent modernisation of industrial practices and the purchase of Scottish shipbuilders by English and foreign companies would lead to a loss of such a connection between workers and their products.
The aircraft was substantially damaged and written off, making it the ninth hull loss of an Airbus A320.
In sharp contrast, France felt humiliated by its loss of its colonies, especially Algeria and Vietnam.
Therefore, plants and animals are well adapted to minimize water loss.
West Texas A&M went on to win the NCAA Super Region Four Tournament but ended the season with a loss to Winston-Salem State in the National semi-final.
On it, YoungBoy deals with heartbreak and loss over a guitar-tinged production.
He scored his 2-point basket to overtake Thunder Dan with 2:49 left in the second quarter, eventually ending with 25 points in a 111–86 loss to the New Orleans Pelicans.
McAdam debuted in the Crows' thirty-seven point loss against the Brisbane Lions in the fourth round of the 2020 AFL season.
Rosebury mourned the loss of "some of the book's greatest virtues" including English understatement, emotional tact, and spaciousness.
They wanted to make a game that handled death in a way that felt more personal and intimate, referencing the loss of family and loved ones.
| 2013-06-16|| Loss ||align=left| Yoozin Sittmuesayam || Suk Weerasakreck 2 Part 1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 2:00
Arter had a record of 0 wins and 1 loss in only 1 professional boxing contest.
Entrant-initiated engine change-outs before the engine reached their required distance run resulted in the loss of 10 points.
The court ruled that the company should bear the legal liability of making an apology, stopping the infringement and compensating the loss.
On December 9, 2019, he posted 14 points, 11 rebounds, four assists and one block in a 125-100 loss to the Salt Lake City Stars.
Immediately after the most severe flood event of 26 August 2020, numerous international aid organizations were on the ground in the most severely affected Parwan province and began assisting ANDMA with assessments of the damage and loss of life.
Allen scored 26 points and grabbed eight rebounds in the 80–65 opening round loss to Herd That.
Wortman emphasized the need to "expand our notions of what is a normal reaction to loss."
On February 2, 2020, Frey scored a career-high 37 points and grabbed six rebounds in a 78-64 loss to Montana.
Dolan made his league debut in a 3–2 loss to Bournemouth.
He made his debut on 29 August 2020, appearing as a 71st-minute substitute during a 4–0 loss against Chattanooga Red wolves.
Giovanni made his senior debut for Jong Ajax on 30 August 2020, starting in a 4–0 away loss against Roda JC.
Silver's studies examined how social constraints on discussions of a traumatic experience can interfere with cognitive processing of and recovery from loss, and have explored associations between intrusive thoughts and depressive symptoms.
Gary Wilkinson compiled the highest break of the tournament, 125, during his quarter-final loss to Steve Davis.
The council unanimously decided to upgrade the building at a cost of $500,000 The loss of retail sales and admission charges was estimated to cost $52,000 per year; $47,000 in 2017.
On 13 November 2018, Maynard-Brewer made his debut for Charlton in a 1–0 EFL Trophy loss against Swansea City U21s.
| 2014-3-30|| Loss ||align=left| Jemyma Betrian || Kunlun Fight 3, Tournament Final || Harbin, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
They played West Coast in Greymouth and won 22-15 with Cole scoring twice and converting a try, he then played in a 5-6 loss to Canterbury at Monica Park in Christchurch before the final match against Wellington at Newtown Park which saw Auckland B win 68-9.
In the mid-1950s, the Program's major field investigations were on silicosis in the metal mining industry, lung cancer in uranium miners, and hearing loss among prison workers.
To accommodate the loss of load, isostatic and tectonic uplift may be enhanced locally.
After playing with the Portland Timbers academy from 2016 Ikobaeared for Portland's USL Championship side Portland Timbers 2 on September 2, 2020, starting in a 2–1 loss to Sacramento Republic.
The loss of Shadwell (and the credit such an acquisition had briefly brought), her absence in a liberty for so long and the serious nature of the charges against her had unnerved her many creditors.
Franklin finished his collegiate career with 194 tackles including 24 tackles for loss, eight sacks, two interceptions, 10 pass breakups, three fumble recoveries and one forced fumble in 53 games played.
As a senior, Hansen had 114 tackles, 22 tackles for a loss, and 5.0 sacks with two interceptions and was named first team All-Pac-12 and a second team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America and Sporting News.
This might lead to the loss of injected atmospheric carbon, lowering the efficiency of carbon sequestration.
In 1989 InformationWeek noted the loss to the industry of this and another competitor, Infosystems.
Larry Gordon of PBS quoted Freedom U student and activist Jacqueline Delgadillo: "It's a loss for our state.
As a junior, he started 15 games, making 92 tackles (led the team), 57 solo tackles (second in school history), 9.5 tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks, 5 quarterback hurries, one interception and 6 pass breakups.
The Social Democrats won the most seats at 20, a loss of one seat.
Lakeway avenged her May 6 loss to Sardula on July 10, beating her by 4 ½ lengths in the mile and one-eighth Hollywood Oaks in a time of 1:46 4/5 that was just a fifth of a second off the track record.
Chronic ischemic kidney disease (CIKD) usually involves loss of renal parenchyma or reduction of GFR caused by gradual vascular obstruction.
Studies have demonstrated that under those conditions, DJ-1 expresses dopaminergic neuron loss in the SNpc and motor defects.
 20 May – Due to the loss of many major sports rights in recent years, the BBC does not broadcast this week's edition of Grandstand – ITV was showing the FA Cup Final.
In 2009 Barnard was made an National Science Foundation Minority Post-doctoral Fellow, allowing her to join the University of Wyoming to study water loss from forest vegetation.
Falling to the lower bracket, the Dynasty responded to the loss by claiming a 3–0 sweep over North America's second-seeded Philadelphia Fusion.
The animated film follows a young Irish boy named Keegan, who’s been at a heart loss after his grandfather passed away.
On 6 January 2019, while still a junior, he made his senior debut with the reserves by starting in a 3–0 Segunda División B away loss against Pontevedra CF.
González made his professional debut on 12 September 2020 at the age of 27, coming on as a second-half substitute for Jon Errasti in a 0–1 away loss against Sporting de Gijón.
He made his professional debut on 12 September, coming on as a half-time substitute for Eddy Silvestre in a 0–3 away loss against RCD Espanyol.
Majić made his professional debut for Krško in the Slovenian PrvaLiga on 24 February 2019, coming on as a substitute in the 73rd minute for Sandi Ogrinec in the home match against Olimpija Ljubljana, which finished as a 1–4 loss.
– President Bashar al-Assad, in a letter to Kim Jong-un, described Kim Jong-il's death "as a great loss not only to the Korean people but to the people of all countries struggling for freedom, justice and peace", adding, "May his soul rest in peace".
Promoted to the reserves for the 2015–16 season, he made his senior debut on 30 August 2015 by starting in a 1–2 Tercera División home loss against CAP Ciudad de Murcia.
He scored his first senior goal on March 1, 2020, netting his team's only goal in a 2–1 loss at Gimnàstic de Tarragona.
Divided into three assault groups, the Italians attacked on 9 June, but once they arrived on the wide plateau they were met with heavy fire from automatic weapons that cost large numbers and the loss of more than fifty prisoners, until the attack here was also suspended.
He finished his collegiate career with 134 tackles, 22.5 tackles for loss, and 8.0 sacks.
After a mid-week loss to the New Haven Bears, who had swiftly become one of the top amateur clubs in the country, Yale played host to McGill and the backup netminder Ives earned a hard-fought shutout due to Jenkin's illness.
He debuted for the Zimbabwe national team in a 3-1 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualification loss to Algeria on 13 November 2020.
He played his final match for the club on 19 January 1980, a 3–1 loss to Laval.
Colorado entered the bowl with a 4–1 record (3–1 in conference); their loss was to Utah.
He is described as having survived the perils of sea travel and the loss of property in the line of duty while serving Rainier.
In Week 15 against the Los Angeles Chargers on Thursday Night Football, Vickers recorded his first career sack on Justin Herbert during the 30–27 overtime loss.
Nabers rushed for four yards on his first career carry and caught a five-yard pass from Justin Herbert for his first career reception in a 38–31 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on October 4, 2020.
Stoecker was re-elected to the Reichstag in December 1924 which put an end to any residual concern about possible loss of parliamentary immunity from arrest.
Due to this loss, today there is no precise idea of this main work of Nosseni.
She was shipwrecked and was a total loss.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 22 December 2019, playing the last 31 minutes in a 0–1 Segona Catalana away loss against CE Sallent.
Bundesliga on 20 September 2020, coming on as a substitute in the 78th minute for Sven Michel against Holstein Kiel, with the away match finishing as a 1–0 loss.
The Charles Ausburne went to rapid fire while closing the range to  and sank the Japanese ship twenty minutes later at coordinates  with the loss of all hands.
He made his professional debut on September 20, 2020, appearing as a 53rd-minute substitute during a 4–1 loss to Philadelphia Union.
The visitors got two valuable away goals from Joseph Vuni and Alex Kitata that helped them knock out Arua Hill 1-0 in the return leg at Bombo Military Ground on Sunday 11 April, the first loss of the season for the Arua club.
The title track "(Cover Plus) We're All Grown Up" is about being discovered playing doctors and nurses and is also about a loss of innocence.
On January 12, 2019, he scored a career-high 31 points in an 85–77 loss to Oklahoma State.
In contrast to Pin1, Par14 exhibits minor catalytic activity, shows no preference for phosphorylated substrates and fails to rescue the loss of the Pin1-related parvulin Ess1 in yeast.
Van Bommel made his professional debut for MVV Maastricht in the Eerste Divisie on 22 September 2020, coming on as a late substitute for Jelle Duin in a 2–0 loss to Den Bosch.
Pub retailer Greene King announces the loss of 800 jobs, citing the impact of tighter lockdown measures as the reason.
As a senior, he recorded 58 tackles, eight sacks, 15 tackles for loss and three forced fumbles and was named  first-team All-District 12-6A and first-team All-Greater Houston by the Houston Chronicle.
 25 May – Following the loss of rights to the Football League to Channel 5, The Football League Show and Late Kick Off end after six seasons.
He first lost a decision to Yodsanklai Fairtex, followed by a decision loss to Panom Topkingboxing.
Gaye finished the season with 32 tackles, 9.5 tackles for a loss, two sacks and six passes defended and was named second team All-Southeastern Conference.
Bundesliga on 27 September 2020, coming on as a substitute in the 57th minute for Florian Pick against FC St. Pauli, with the away match finishing as a 2–4 loss.
Reliever Matt Andriese took the loss, allowing three runs on four hits in two innings.
Starter Nick Pivetta took the loss.
Starter Garrett Richards allowed three runs on five hits in four innings and took the loss.
Robles took the loss after the Red Sox only scored twice in their half of the inning, one run coming on a Hernández homer.
Starter Nathan Eovaldi took the loss after allowing seven runs on seven hits in  innings.
Despite posting a 90–72 record, their best since the 2003 season, the Mariners were eliminated from postseason contention for the 20th consecutive season after a loss to the Angels, and both the Yankees and Red Sox clinched the two wild card spots on the last day of the season.
As Washington's skid continued in Philadelphia, Fedde took the loss again on May 11.
Clay took the loss for a second straight game on July 9, giving up a go-ahead home run in the fifth inning to Darin Ruf after starter Paolo Espino exited.
Gray was hit hard, giving up a two-run homer to the Phillies' Harper in the first inning and four more runs before exiting after the fourth inning, and took his first loss as a Nationals pitcher.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Diamondbacks team member
Uri made his professional debut on 27 September 2020, starting in a 1–3 away loss against CD Leganés.
Ahead of the 2020–21 season, he had returned to England to play for Wessex League side Hamble Club, making his league debut as a substitute in a 2–1 loss to Tadley Calleva.
As a redshirt freshman Toney recorded 20 tackles with 6.5 tackles for loss and four sacks with two forced fumbles and was named to the Big Ten Network's All-Freshman team.
| 2017-6-10 || Loss ||align=left| Artur Kyshenko || Kunlun Fight 62 || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
Japan's successful raid resulted in the British withdrawing her naval base from Ceylon to East Africa and in the loss of the light carrier HMS Hermes.
His first novel Kinyas ve Kayra came out in 2000. Notable works include Loss (Ziyan), which won the Prix France-Turquie, and More (Daha) which won the Prix Médicis étranger.
Danvers has little screen time in the film, which McFeely reasoned as "not the story we're trying to tell—it's the original Avengers dealing with loss and coming to a conclusion, and she's the new, fresh blood."
The 4–3 loss ended the Cubs three-game winning streak and dropped them back to .500 on the season.
July 4 – On Independence Day, the Cubs again lost by one run, their ninth straight loss as they fell 3–2 to the Reds.
News articles in 1925 noted the loss of the traditional profession with headlines like “Bell Hanger is Man Minus Job in the Age of Electricity” and “Electric Doorbells And Telephones Pressing On A Vanishing Trade.”
However, it was cancelled after the loss of sponsor Telkom.
Karakuş made his professional debut with İstanbul Başakşehir in a 2-0 Süper Lig loss to Hatayspor on 14 September 2020.
The SS Karlsruhe was a German cargo ship from 1905 of the Hamburg America Line, which was sunk on 13 April 1945 with great loss of life by Soviet aircraft, during Operation Hannibal.
Arnstad made his professional debut with Anderlecht in a 3-0 Belgian First Division A loss to Club Brugge KV on 4 October 2020.
His only first-grade appearance came in Brisbane's qualifying final loss to the Melbourne Storm at Olympic Park in 2007.
| 2021-03-27 || Loss || align=left| Kazuki Miburo || Krush 123 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)  || 3 || 3:00
On May 3, the Sharks were eliminated from playoff contention after a 5–4 overtime loss to the Colorado Avalanche.
 Section 3  Payments to members of Councils and Boards of compensation for loss of office.
On November 21, 2018, he posted a career-high 33 points and nine rebounds in a 68–66 loss to Wyoming.
On April 20, following a 7–6 loss to the Pittsburgh Penguins, the Devils were eliminated from playoff contention for the third consecutive season.
| 2020-11-07 || Loss ||align=left| Dave Leduc || Sparta Wyoming IV || Cheyenne, Wyoming, USA || TKO || 4 || 2:40
Co-champion Fordham, which had dealt Colgate its only loss in conference play, was selected to receive the Patriot League's automatic berth in the national Division I-AA playoffs.
Similarly, in cmt2,cmt3 double mutants, many TEs in the chromosome arms remain methylated, presumably due to the persistent activity of RdDM, indicating that loss of CMT2/3 has little effect on RdDM activity.
She has lived with benign rolandic epilepsy (BRE), a syndrome that caused her to have feelings of exclusion from others, helplessness, and loss of control.
He made his first grade debut at  in his side's 12–5 loss to the Balmain Tigers at Penrith Park in round 18 of the 1976 season.
An Argo, of Glasgow, foundered in June 1824 in the Atlantic Ocean () with the loss of four of her crew.
In 2013, Clark represented New Zealand at the 2013 Women's Rugby League World Cup, starting at  in their final loss to Australia.
In Round 1 of the 2019 NRL Women's season, she made her debut in a 12–16 loss to the New Zealand Warriors.
On 6 October, she started on the bench in the Dragons' 6–30 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
| 2015-12-5 || Loss ||align=left| Daniel Forsberg || Gibu Fight Night 2 || Prague, Czech Republic || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
A storm described in the book: Lore of the Lakes, as  "The most disastrous that has ever swept our Great Lakes, both from loss of life and property this unprecedented."
On 6 October 2019, she came off the bench in the Dragons' 6–30 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
The Ottoman attack was met with fierce resistance from the Olympians which ultimately resulted in hand-to-hand combat with the loss of 30 Olympians and an unknown amount of attackers.
The inscription on the monument names the men lost and notes it was erected by Mrs Pilcher and her children as a mark of their love for Pilcher and their sorrow at his loss.
The submarines of the Kaichu II sub-class were larger and had a greater range than the preceding Kaichu I subclass, but they had the same powerplant, so their greater size resulted in a loss of some speed.
| 2015-09-26 || Loss || align="left" | Giorgi Bazanov || Heroes Fight Night || Wiener Neudorf, Austria || Decision || 3 || 3:00
He stated that the statement divided the British public into those who regarded it as a simple call to celebrate a British military victory and those who saw it as disrespectful of the potential loss of life and a sign of increasing fanaticism and jingoism in the Thatcher administration.
He made his senior debut with the reserves on 25 November 2018, coming on as a second-half substitute for Jacobo in a 0–2 Segunda División B away loss against Internacional de Madrid.
If supporting cells directly transdifferentiate to restore hair cell loss, there must also be some replenishment of supporting cells, which is also harmful.
On 13 November 2020, Hilder came out of retirement to play for New South Wales in their State of Origin loss to Queensland.
The switch to a dynamic state of sustained mass loss resulted from widespread retreat in 2000–2005.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Braves team memberMarcell Ozuna incident
He debuted for Chamois Niortais in a 2–0 Ligue 2 loss to LB Châteauroux on 3 October 2020.
On September 22, 2009, the Conover location of the video was closed shortly resulting in the loss of jobs for 20 workers.
Comparisons for the purpose of determining a gain, hold or loss of a seat, and for all percentage changes, is to the last time these specific seats were up for election in 2016.
All 25 crewmen were saved, but the vessel was a total loss.
In his second match for Wellington, an extremely low-scoring match in which 210 runs were scored for the loss of 40 wickets, England opened the innings and was the top scorer on either side, with 29 in Wellington's first innings total of 51.
Curtailment is a loss of potentially useful energy, and may impact Power Purchase Agreements.
Urías, who pitched five innings for the Dodgers, allowed five runs on eight hits and took the loss.
However, the stores which is running in loss and in debt is summoned by the court to seal it.
In his debut, he scored 15 points on 6-of-9 shooting and had six rebounds, two assists and one steal in the Stars' 117–98 loss to the Erie BayHawks.
Often this loss of mature cell markers or morphology can be due to dedifferentiation, but it is sometimes used to refer to cells with incomplete differentiation presenting large variety in size and shape.
In 2017, Lenarduzzi made her debut for Queensland in their 6–22 loss to New South Wales.
He finished his collegiate career with 119 tackles, four tackles for a loss, two sacks, and two forced fumbles with eight passes defended and two interceptions.
On 22 June, Ward made her debut for Queensland, starting at  in a 10–16 loss to New South Wales.
Attachment theory was formalized in a trilogy of books, Attachment and Loss, published in 1969, 1973, and 1980 by John Bowlby.
This dispute concerned the purchase and maintenance of British Chieftain tanks by the Iranian army, and the loss of £60 million Minbashian caused to the British, because Minbashian claimed that the British were in breach of contract by not maintaining the tanks which had become inoperable..
Finals Week 3 – In a rematch of the 2020 NRL Grand Final, Penrith defeat Melbourne 10–6 at Suncorp Stadium, the club's first loss in a finals game at the venue.
 The Body & Krieg (2015, At A Loss Recordings) 
In his debut on October 13, he scored 25 points in an 84-82 loss to Helsinki Seagulls.
His loss to Zverev in the semifinals meant that Djokovic secured the year-end ATP No.
Coping with the loss of young people proved to be a major challenge for 19th-century Mormons.
On February 1, 2020, he scored a junior season-high 28 points along with five three-pointers in a 73–63 loss to LSU.
During the team's week 4 game against Texas, Shough broke his collarbone and was replaced by Colombi, finishing the game 17-of-23 for 324 yards with three touchdowns and an interception in the 35–70 loss.
The band Alaric was formed in 2008 with former bandmate Rick Jacobus on bass and Baker as the lead vocalist, singing songs that convey emotions like loss and regret.
He then started the semi-final loss to Tyrone.
It ended with a 4–3 loss which was the reason for losing it.
Given the loss of the port and the attack by the Bachelor of Cananeia on São Vicente, Cubas decided to set up a more sheltered port in the Enguaguaçu region.
Between October 1939 and her loss in March 1943 she sailed in four HX convoys from Halifax, Nova Scotia to Liverpool and three SC convoys from Sydney, Nova Scotia to Liverpool.
The financial loss sustained by the film caused Vverh Animation Studio to close just before March 2021.
He made his senior debut with the C-team on 9 May 2015, aged 18, by playing the last 16 minutes of a 1–4 Tercera División home loss against Atlético Levante UD.
In Round 2 of the 2018 NRL Women's season, she made her debut for the Roosters in their 4–14 loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
However, this information is reported by Venetian chroniclers of the 14th and 15th centuries, so that its veracity is unverifiable; at any rate, as Kiesewetter notes, the Venetian loss of Corfu in 1210 would have made any Venetian connection less attractive to Matthew.
The novel has two central narratives, the first is the story of Richard, an older man who is dealing with the loss of someone close to him.
Dave Brooks of Billboard said the track "reflects on all the freedoms that come with the loss of control during a night out on the town".
These included renowned medics and scientists from the UK and around the world who wrote in support of Professor Stebbing, stressing the loss to both patients, science and humanity if he were unable to work.
Barcia made his senior debut on 1 September 2019, playing 31 minutes in a 0–2 away loss against Deportivo Fabril.
He recorded 32 tackles, with a team-high 12 tackles for loss, with two sacks and a forced fumble.
In Round 3 of the 2019 NRL Women's season, she made her debut for the Roosters in their 16–24 loss to the St George Illawarra Dragons.
Netta Engelhardt is an Israeli-American theoretical physicist known for her work resolving the black hole information paradox, concerning the apparent loss of physical information from objects that enter black holes and become transformed into Hawking radiation.
On 23 July 2016, she made her debut for Queensland in a 4–8 loss to New South Wales at Cbus Super Stadium.
Bynum recorded 48 tackles and 2.5 tackles for loss with 12 passes broken up and two interceptions as a redshirt sophomore.
Buffalo avenged its Monday Night loss to the Patriots earlier in December, as Josh Allen passed for over 300 yards and 3 touchdowns and was not sacked during the game.
With their 11th straight loss to the Patriots, the Jets fell to 0–2.
With their third straight loss, the Ravens fell out of the playoff picture and dropped to 8–6.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 7–7.
With the loss, the Steelers fell to 6-6-1.
The Colts were eliminated from the postseason in the final week of the season after a stunning loss to the 2–14 Jacksonville Jaguars and the Pittsburgh Steelers beating the Baltimore Ravens the same day.
On the next play, Lock, who was playing in place of regular starter Teddy Bridgewater due to concussion protocols, was sacked for a 6-yard loss.
The loss moved the Raiders to 3–2 on the season.
After their humiliating loss to the Chiefs, the Cowboys looked to win their first game on Thanksgiving since they beat the Washington Football Team in 2018, who were then known as the Redskins.
With this loss, the Eagles finished their season with a total record of 9-9.
They were eliminated from playoff contention for the second straight season following a Week 17 loss to the Green Bay Packers.
With the loss, their record goes down to 1-1.
With the humiliating loss, Arizona fell to 10-4 and lost their first road game.
| 2017-07-07 || Loss ||align=left| Rena Kubota || Shoot Boxing Girls S-Cup || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
He was part of the FC Ruggell team which got to the Liechtenstein Football Cup final in 2019, playing in 2 of their 3 matches including the 1:0 semi-final win over former club FC Schaan, and the 3:2 loss to FC Vaduz in the final.
Despite their loss of power, most members of other West Nile tribes remained at least nominally loyal, as they still benefited from Amin's regime.
The origin period rounded off with a 30-16 loss against the Canberra Raiders and a 32-18 win against the St. George Illawarra Dragons.
This loss marked head coach Gerry Faust's last game at Notre Dame.
The Giants gave West Coast yet another interstate loss, their fourth out of five interstate games at the time.
Filmmakers could learn a lot from how Madison Hamburg focuses on the emotional ripple effects of crime, and the very human toll that loss takes on a family and community."
In Round 1 of the 2018 NRL Women's season, she made her debut for the Dragons in a 4–30 loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
Despite the loss, she was appointed as the chairperson of the State Social Welfare Trust, as the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was able to attain a majority in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and form a government.
Isaac also ruled extensively on issues regarding the loss of capital and emergency requirements that go beyond the letter of the law.
The CBR Brave finished the season in fourth place after a surprise 6–4 loss to last placed Sydney Ice Dogs in Liverpool, Sydney.
Examples of human-induced events include biodiversity loss, climate change and holocene extinction.
After a loss to the Sacramento Kings on April 21, followed by the San Antonio Spurs defeating the Detroit Pistons the next day, the Timberwolves were eliminated from playoff contention for the third straight year.
While the two of them cook some fish that Carol speared, she says that the recent loss of the Hilltop and attack on Alexandria have caused her to wonder if their luck is beginning to run out; Daryl disagrees.
He substituted Simone Lo Faso in the 75th minute of a 1–5 away loss.
After his narrow points loss to Arron, Booth secured himself a 17 May shot for the vacant English light-middleweight title against Navid Mansouri (11-1-1) at Ponds Forge Arena in Sheffield.
Santos made his professional debut with Coimbra in a 2-1 Campeonato Mineiro loss to Tombense on 27 July 2020, scoring his side's only goal in his debut.
Uncertainty over Trump accepting an electoral loss in 2020 
A youth product of Sparta Rotterdam, Schippers signed with Schippers made his professional debut with Willem II in a 4-1 Eredivisie loss to Feyenoord on 4 October 2020.
He made his professional debut with ADO Den Haag in a 4–2 Eredivisie loss to Feyenoord on 27 September 2020.
On 3 November 1825 Ogle Castle, inward bound from Bombay for London, stranded on the Goodwin Sands in a heavy gale and broke up, with the loss of over 100 lives.
In March 2021, Metinho made his professional debut, coming on as a substitute for Rafael Ribeiro in a 3–0 loss to Portuguesa-RJ.
Barooah Pisharoty has been the recipient of a fellowship from the Centre for Development Studies since 2011 following her series of news stories on the loss of livelihood caused by soil erosion on Assam's Majuli island.
| 2018-02-04 || Loss || align=left| Tomohiro Kitai || Rise 122 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.
"I Am Dead is an at times touching and generally thoughtful exploration of loss, grief and lasting memories that doesn’t quite resonate as much as it could due to some occasionally-too-twee writing and gameplay that doesn’t quite disguise the fact that it’s a glorified hidden object game."
Two days after the loss to Duke, Bellarmine made a different kind of history for the program, which was undoubtedly more positive.
The game received positive reviews from critics, who praised its design as remaining exemplary, although they criticized its similarities to the original and the loss of Curly Brace and Boss Rush mode, saying it was a poor value compared to other versions.
The CTA noted an average annual loss of $1.4 million for the branch line.
The flood was responsible for the loss of houses, farms, farm produce, properties and lives.
He made his first team debut on 13 July 2017, starting in a 1–2 away loss against São Gonçalo, for the year's Copa Rio.
He made his professional debut two days later, coming on as a second-half substitute for Emir Sahiti in a 0–2 home loss against Osijek.
Native birds are threatened by habitat loss, and the introduced Polynesian rat (Rattus exulans) and other introduced rats which prey heavily on native birds.
On 22 June 2019, she started at  for Papua New Guinea in their 0–28 loss to Fiji at Leichhardt Oval.
Applied anthropology was more prevalent after WWII, this was due to the loss of Britain's occupations in Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean.
Borgogno's senior debut arrived on 28 November 2020 in the Copa de la Liga Profesional against Gimnasia y Esgrima, featuring for the full duration of a home loss.
The Republican system prevailed through the following decades, and the nation suffered much turmoil, including multiple coups, financial insolvency, and the loss of Texas.
The estimated soiling-induced revenue loss is 3 – 5 billion euros.
Watching for warning signs of hearing loss.
Gobara made his professional debut with Rapid Wien in a 1–0 Austrian Bundesliga loss to TSV Hartberg on 21 June 2020.
He went undrafted in the NFL and signed for the Vikings during the 1983 season; he played 14 games, but his only statistical contribution was a 14-yard kickoff return in a 13–2 loss to the Detroit Lions in Week 14.
Gilmore began his international career with Australia in June 1923 on their second historic tour against New Zealand, debuting in a 2–3 loss to New Zealand scoring his first goal on debut.
He started the game and played a full match in a 1–5 away loss.
Other scholars refute this theory claiming that AI has already led to significant job loss for unskilled labor and that it will eliminate middle skill and high skill jobs in the future.
On 25 October 2020, she came off the bench in the Roosters' 10–20 Grand Final loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
The OSFM has an investigative arm, and possesses the capability to investigate fires in which a fatality or great loss has occurred.
With the loss of Mei-mei, his disillusionment and a highly uncertain future, Ken Ling decided it was time to leave the PRC.
The Third Crusade was in response to the loss of Jerusalem to Saladin in 1187 and had significant English participation, under Richard I of England, as well as by the emperor Frederick Barbarosso.
The Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. unblocks all the rooms they had reserved for Inauguration Week, in a sign that the hotel has accepted Trump's election loss.
The Fiesta ECOnetic achieves its environmental credentials through weight loss and aerodynamic adjustments, and its emission figure exempts the car from UK vehicle excise duty.
Green-colored rows indicate a win; yellow-colored rows indicate a tie; and red-colored rows indicate a loss.
The Fiji Times said this could result in job loss for thousands of workers.
This was the Stallions' first loss of the season.
He was named second team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) after finishing third in the conference with seven sacks and 10.5 tackles for loss as the Crimson Tide won the 2021 College Football Playoff National Championship.
Explaining why she became a politician, Lawson-Remer cited Hillary Clinton's loss in the 2016 United States presidential election.
The residential area surrounding the Kadena Air Base have been subject to dangerously loud noise exposure from aircraft, during the Vietnam War, sound levels were dangerous enough to cause hearing loss for residents.
October: The Global Coral Reef Monitoring Network's Status of Coral Reefs of the World reported that "between 2009 and 2018, there was a progressive loss amounting to 14% of the coral from the world's coral reefs, which is more than all the coral currently living on Australia's coral reefs".
De León made his senior debut with the reserves on 24 March 2019, coming on as a late substitute for Víctor Pastrana in a 1–3 Segunda División B away loss against Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa.
Nakatani was knocked down twice en route to a ninth-round technical knockout loss.
He has been suffering from stress and hair loss due to Moo-chi, who brings him trouble every day.
She was presumed foundered off Islay, Inner Hebrides with the loss of all hands.
Rose had 53 tackles and 10 tackles for loss in seven games and was named first team all-conference as a senior.
Failure of one engine and partial failure of the second was rumored, but official inquiry attributes loss to a malfunctioning canopy locking system.
In England there was shock and disbelief at the loss of this final Continental territory.
During race 4, American Magic suffered mechanical failure, with the boat's starboard cant arm becoming temporarily stuck in the raised position several times, resulting in significant loss of time and penalties from boundary infringement.
It is a story about how Black women survive love, loss, heartbreak, misogynoir and trauma.
Skovshoved IF experienced their third relegation in the previous four seasons, ending the season in the second last spot following a 5–2 loss in the last match against IK Skovbakken at Riisvangen Stadium.
SS Vernon was a wooden-hulled American passenger and package freighter that sank in a Lake Michigan storm on October 29, 1887, near Two Rivers, Wisconsin, with the loss of between 36 and 50 lives, making her one of the deadliest shipwrecks ever to have occurred in Wisconsin.
It differs from the standard Serbian language in that it has three grammatical cases instead of seven, as well as full retention of the aorist and the imperfect, loss of infinitive as in Bulgarian and Macedonian, frequent stress on the final syllable in polysyllabic words, etc.
A stud-book was created and approved in 1987 by the Brazilian government; nevertheless in 2017 the authorization to carry out the genealogical records of the breed was revoked by the Ministry of Agriculture ("Portaria n. 1.537/2017" do MAPA published in , on 26 July 2017, section 1, page 17) causing the loss of the breed's lines records.
| 2020-08-07|| Loss ||align=left| Satanmuanglek Petchyindee || True4U Muaymanwansuk, Rangsit Stadium ||Rangsit, Thailand || KO (Elbow) || 3 ||
The global prevalence of D614G correlates with the prevalence of loss of smell (anosmia) as a symptom of COVID-19, possibly mediated by higher binding of the RBD to the ACE2 receptor or higher protein stability and hence higher infectivity of the olfactory epithelium.
Seyhan made his professional debut with Gençlerbirliği in a 3-1 Süper Lig loss to Sivasspor on 24 December 2020.
He is met instead by her older brother of four years, who suffers from memory loss.
He made his debut at this level in Albacete's third match of the season, playing the full 90 minutes of their 1–0 home loss to Alcalá on 19 September 1982 at the Estadio Carlos Belmonte.
| 2001-04-25 || Loss ||align=left| Petchtho Sitjaopho || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
His first appearance had come 11 days prior, in a 5–0 away loss to Atlético Valdemoro in the Copa del Rey.
Following her loss in 2003, Rozar returned to nursing full time in 2003, working as a cardiac medical-surgical nurse at St. Joseph's Hospital in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, and then at Marshfield Medical Center.
Jäkel made his professional debut with Oostende in a 2-1 Belgian First Division A loss to Anderlecht on 15 December 2020.
The Crusades though the loss of Jerusalem to Saladin are briefly covered in Chapter VIII, Oriental Civilization in the West.
A third significant tornado caused severe damage to homes near Fengning in Hebei Province, including some that sustained loss of roofs and exterior walls.
However, Buades had a good season, playing in 32 matches and scoring his first La Liga goals - in the 3–2 loss to Osasuna at Estadio El Sadar on 17 October, and the 1–1 home draw with Getafe on 21 November.
18,300 crores fell by 27.4% on its day of listing thereby marking one of the biggest listing day loss in the history of Indian Stock market.
It is threatened by habitat loss and hunting.
On February 15, 2020, he scored a season-high 26 points in a 73–72 overtime loss to SMU.
His first professional loss occurred on May 28, 1926, in the Syracuse Arena, when he lost his match by points against Jackie Brady (Amedio Pizzica) and gave up his title to him.
We sympathize with the families in these moments of their irreparable loss.
The Bearcats last visit to Annapolis to face Navy was a nightmarish 42–32 loss in 2017 in which the Bearcats gave up 569 yards rushing.
He and his passenger survived the crash, but suffered a fractured skull, which also resulted in permanent loss of hearing in his left ear.
His final game as coach was played on February 24, 2001, with a close 86–81 loss to Wilkes University.
He finished his collegiate career with 125 tackles, 30.5 tackles for loss, 14 sacks and eight passes broken up in 47 games played.
In 2015, Rose played in every game again as a senior ending up with 34 solo tackles, 15 assisted tackles, 15.5 tackles for loss, 9 sacks, a fumble recovery, and 2 forced fumbles.
He first appears in the second episode, where he (offscreen) infiltrated the Gothcorp labs, killing at least twenty personal with his cryo-gauntlet and caused the loss of limb of an unknown number.
Following a 2–1 loss to SD Eibar at Ipurua on 18 December, they lay in the relegation zone in 18th place, having won just four of their eighteen matches.
After a first round loss to Paula Badosa in Madrid, Krejcikova held match points against Iga Świątek in Rome.
Because the Capitol has no insurance against loss, taxpayers will pay for damage inflicted by the siege.
He played his second and last international match against in a 0–1 loss to Canada.
El Bouchataoui made his professional debut with Dordrecht in a 2–0 Eerste Divisie loss to Jong Ajax on 20 January 2020.
Multivariate analysis identified six factors, including age at implantation, educational approach, progression of hearing loss and developmental delay that were predictive for speech perception scores.
After impressing with the B-side, he made his first team debut on 5 January 2021; after replacing Lautaro De León in the 81st minute, he scored his side's second in a 2–5 Copa del Rey away loss against UD Ibiza.
Dorsett made his professional debut with Reading in a 1-0 FA Cup loss to Luton Town F.C.
He made his first team – and La Liga – debut the following 10 January, replacing Rodrigo Battaglia in a 1–3 away loss against Cádiz CF.
With a win on November 26 over Nebraska, and a loss by Wisconsin on November 27, Iowa won the Big Ten West division.
This was Baylor's second appearance in the Big 12 Championship, following a loss in their first appearance in 2019.
The home match finished as a 0–2 loss for Zwickau.
Fortunately, expecting Luthor's betrayal, Superman had already reversed the mechanism of the chamber, and when forced inside by Zod, the "red sun" beams are dispersed throughout the Fortress while Superman is safely shielded; Zod and his followers are defeated easily because of the loss of their powers.
He debuted in the Süper Lig in a 3–1 loss to Fenerbahçe, scoring his side's only goal in his debut.
Studies have been conducted into the use of palm cooling for strength & conditioning, for endurance activities and for weight loss in obese subjects (for whom prolonged physical activity can be challenging).
The inquiry set up after the collision in 1989 between the Marchioness and the dredger Bowbelle, that resulted in the loss of 51 lives, recommended a dedicated search and rescue presence on the Thames.
The following year, however, he played just once, in a 1–0 away loss to Segunda División B side Barakaldo in the first round of the Copa del Rey on 3 September.
Looking to return to the playoffs for the second time under Dan Reeves and coming off their second consecutive winning season, the Giants opened the 1995 season with a blowout loss to the Dallas Cowboys on national television.
They finished the 1995 Arena Football League season 8–4 and ended the season with a loss in the quarterfinals of the playoffs against the Orlando Predators.
The next game was a 0–6 loss in a rematch against the Dayton West Side Merchants.
Significant loss of Sri Lanka's forest cover was first reported in the 19th century, with the introduction of plantation agricultural crops such as tea and vegetables.
Inaya struggles to overcome the loss of her husband, while his father, Waheed (Ahmed Nimal) determines to fulfil his son's dying wish to take care of his baby at any cost.
On 12 May, hardware and DIY chain Bunnings announced that it will close seven stores in Ashburton, Hornby, Hastings, Cambridge, Rangiora, Te Awamutu, and Putaruru with the loss of 145 jobs.
Meanwhile, white society feared the loss of cheap labour and the effect of exposure to Europe and European politics would have on the attitudes of the black population once they returned.
Subsequently, the flotillas drove off the cruisers  and  for no loss.
He made his debut in an official match on 11 March 1900 against Turin, a 1–0 loss.
Three points will be awarded for a win, one for a draw, and none for a loss.
In one of his later letters in 1968, Otto Höfler stated that if the inscription was a forgery, the forger must have been sophisticated enough to know about the historic loss of final vowels after long vowels in Proto-Norse (…  .
Nieto made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 23 January 2021, coming on as a late substitute for Anthony Lozano in a 0–3 loss at Sevilla FC.
The company also wanted to avoid the loss of publishing control that had occurred both in North America as well as in Asia after the Famicom's release, and created a lockout system that required all game cartridges to be manufactured by Nintendo to include a special chip.
She had embarked 305 slaves and she arrived with 285, for a 7% loss rate.
He was a starter at defensive tackle, posting 30 tackles (sixth on the team), 4 sacks (second on the team) and 6 tackles for loss (third on the team).
He made his senior debut with the former's reserves on 6 December 2020, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1–2 Segunda División B home loss against UD San Sebastián de los Reyes.
His professional debut occurred on the 26th, as he played the full 90 minutes in a 2–4 home loss against Levante UD, also for the national cup.
Eweni became an orphan when she loss her both parents at a tender age.
His final professional appearance was a nine-minute cameo in a 1–0 home loss against Burgos on 11 May 2003, coming on as a substitute for Manuel Cabezas.
Love and Loss in Hollywood: Florence Deshon, Max Eastman, and Charlie Chaplin.
Marcus Freeman was named the program's new head coach; he led the team in the Fiesta Bowl, a loss to Oklahoma State.
He was again named first team all-conference after recording four tackles for loss, eight passes defended, one forced fumble and an interception the following season.
He made his first start in a 4–0 away loss to Real Oviedo at Estadio Carlos Tartiere on 11 January, and two weeks later he scored his first goal in a 2–1 away win over Hércules at Estadio José Rico Pérez.
George was convinced by the loss that experience was needed in a team to represent Canada internationally, but that finding the best players was a recurring problem due to disagreements with the international definition of an amateur.
On September 5, following the team's 38–28 loss to FCS-school Holy Cross, head coach Randy Edsall announced he would be retiring at the end of the season.
She recorded 12 disposals in the loss, and was named among her side's best by AFL Media.
Michigan State got the ball first, but could manage very little as Kenneth Walker III was dropped for a two-yard loss on third and one.
This allowed Menéndez to make his top flight debut in 1991–92, which he duly did in the first match of the season, a 2–0 loss to Osasuna at Estadio El Sadar.
Glionna's goalscoring grabbed the headlines on 31 January 2021, when the Italian forward scored a hat-trick (all from three direct free-kicks) against her parent-club Juventus in the first leg of a 5-4 Coppa Italia quarter-final loss for Empoli.
Thus as Rajas of Puri, the Bhoi dynasty managed to compensate for the loss of political power by building a religious institution through the superintendence of the hereditary temple of the Gajapati kings of Orissa.
During the American Civil War he served in the 55th Massachusetts Colored Volunteer Infantry and was wounded at the Battle of Honey Hill in South Carolina, resulting in the loss of one foot.
Five people were presumed dead following the loss of a barge south of Cape Romain; three bodies later washed ashore.
Its only conference loss was to that year's champion, Temple (4–0).
He made his first grade debut from the bench in his side's 36−32 loss the Melbourne Storm at Toyota Park in round 1 of the 2003 season.
Because of the loss of property and life in the 1831 Baptist War rebellion, the British Parliament held two inquiries.
Spanning multiple years, saw Shpungin explore recurring themes in the  oeuvre such as memory, family, and loss, as well as showed her continuing exploration of the nature of drawing as a medium.
Receiving an early warning from coastwatchers and radar, the US forces from Henderson Field scrambled 35 Grumman F4F Wildcat fighters to intercept the strike, during which Kofukuda and his Zeros were unsuccessful at protecting their bombers, which resulted in a loss of eight G4M bombers.
Periodontal disease, carious lesions, periapical cavities, dental calculus, intense dental wear, and ante-mortem tooth loss (AMTL) are dental conditions that are systematically recorded and studied in archaeological skeletal assemblages.
Following the loss of the Dutch colony to the Japanese, Van Eelen was captured and spent the remainder of the war as a prisoner.
In a backstage interview, Akiyama complimented Higuchi on his strength and his determination while also expressing frustration for the loss.
Alma visits her father, an elderly man showing signs of memory loss.
After competing with the Swedish U19's and U21's, Åhlund debuted for the Swedish senior national team in 1979 in a friendly 0–2 loss to Norway.
After arriving above Guadalcanal, they managed to surprise the intercepting 36 Wildcats and shot down six of them for the loss of one Zero.
He made his professional debut with Chambly in a 1-0 Ligue 2 loss to Clermont on 13 February 2021.
In 1901 it was used by only 23 ships, and brought a loss, because of repairs to the machinery.
MaryKay Loss Carlson is an American diplomat who has been the United States Chargé d'affaires in Argentina since January 20, 2021 after having served as Deputy Chief of Mission since September 2019.
His lone first grade appearance for Balmain came in his side's 22−12 loss to the South Sydney Rabbitohs at the Sydney Football Stadium in round 19 of the 1999 season.
Lathouwers made his professional debut with Jong AZ in a 3–1 Eerste Divisie loss to SC Telstar on 22 December 2019.
The end of the Chaco War, which resulted in the disastrous loss of Bolivia, led to wide-ranging discontent with the traditional conservative political order led by the Liberal and Republican (Socialist and Genuine) parties.
Deaf children with one or more co-occurring disabilities could also be referred to as hearing loss plus additional disabilities or Deafness and Diversity (D.A.D.).
According to ongoing tracking in metro Atlanta, the most common developmental disability to co-occur with hearing loss is intellectual disability (23%), followed by cerebral palsy (10%), autism spectrum disorder (7%), and/or vision impairment  (5%).
In Round 3 of the 2020 NRLW season, she made her debut for the Roosters in a 24–16 loss to the Brisbane Broncos.
Coastal protection measures can reduce population both through direct loss of plant colonies and reduced erosion of sites.
The nanny is a source of maternal warmth for her, which Zuzia really missed after the loss of her mother.
Galligan played in the Hogan Cup semi-final against PBS Chorca Dhuibhne, where St Pat's suffered a three-point loss.
They made a loss of $3,628.
It was the first ever fire in South Bend, and resulted in the loss of $3,500 ($92,000 in 2020 dollars) in buildings and stocks.
He made his professional debut with St. Gallen in a 3–2 Swiss Super League  loss to FC Zürich on 30 January 2021.
He appeared seven times for Río Negro Province club, scoring once in a 4–1 loss away to Villa Mitre on 7 February.
She made her senior debut on 21 February 2021 in a 0–2 friendly home loss to Puerto Rico.
Sawyer committed to play college football at Ohio State shortly after his sophomore season, when he recorded 62 tackles, 15 tackles for loss, and six sacks.
This leads to loss of coordination, drowsiness, weakness, slurred speech and blurred vision.
A loss to Division I opponent Yale dropped them to No.
While working at MSA, Phey began to suffer from hearing loss due to him working at the airport where there was high levels of noise.
A foreign man's wife automatically derived his nationality upon naturalization or loss of nationality upon his choice to relinquish nationality.
This research uses genetic tools specific to the Drosophila model (unbiased genetic screens, loss of function by spatially targeted RNA-interference) to understand the inter-organ crosstalks and more particularly the endocrine relays existing between peripheral tissues and the central complex (brain/endocrine glands) where insulin/IGF and steroid hormones are produced.
Villanueva joined Levante ahead of the 1997–98 Segunda División season, and made his debut in their first match of the season, a 1–0 home loss to Toledo at Nou Estadi del Llevant on 30th August.
His last match for the Juventus came on 13 January 1907 in a 2–1 away loss.
In December the EIC sent two vessels, , Captain George Roper, and Comet, Lieutenant William Henr)y, from Bombay to the Paracel Islands to search for the cause of Earl Talbots loss and to pick up any possible survivors.
There are several criticisms of feminist bioethics, such as a lack of agreement among feminist bioethical arguments due to the plurality and diversity of feminist bioethical discourse, the conceptualization of feminine vulnerability as reinforcing gender oppression, and the field's loss of uniqueness as feminist perspectives in academia become increasingly common.
Bruns made his professional debut with Twente in a 3–0 Eredivisie loss to PSV on 6 February 2021.
He made his professional debut for the first-team in a 4–0 Premier League loss to Tottenham Hotspur on 28 February 2021, replacing Jay Rodriguez as a late substitute.
On October 4, the bulk of what remained of the fleet - 8000 men on 60 ships - left Tripoli heading north, but a new storm caused the loss of more ships.
On October 4, Wright had his first career multi-point game in his OHL career, scoring a goal and adding an assist in a 8–4 loss to the Niagara IceDogs.
Dahan made his professional debut for Ironi Kiryat Shmona in the Israeli Premier League on 30 November 2019, in the home match against Maccabi Tel Aviv, which finished as a 0–1 loss.
When a fire razed her ranch house to the ground, she suffered thousands of dollars in property loss, but with help of neighbors, was able to rebuilt a large log home.
These impacts have further implications for the natural world, leading to biodiversity loss, habitat destruction, soil degradation, and disruption of natural cycles.
Dadíe's Osasuna debut came in the Segunda División on 10 September 1994, in a 1–0 away loss to Salamanca at Helmántico Stadium.
Humans would lose approximately between  and , due to the loss of microbes and bacteria in the body.
He had 71 tackles with 18.5 tackles for loss and 7.5 sacks as a junior.
He joined the team after hearing Minato's speech about his memory loss and expectations people have about him, and feeling moved as a result.
The difference can be either a positive discrepancy (an apparent gain of material) or a negative discrepancy (an apparent loss of material).
After making his debut for Chabab in the Moroccan Throne Cup, Mourid made his professional debut on 14 February 2021, starting in a 0–1 Botola Pro home loss against Mouloudia Oujda.
Repertory Theatre Running at a Loss 
It increases its fertility, reducing the rate of decomposition of organic matter and therefore the loss of carbon.
Aspiration results in shorter procedure times, less pain, and less blood loss than curettage.
It reported a $95.1 million loss in 2020.
Then the strain is periodic with the same frequency  where  is the strain amplitude and  is the angle by which the strain lags, called loss angle.
Vulić was capped once by the Slovenian national team, in a 1996 loss against Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A large gathering of Aboriginal people in Sydney in 1988 led an "Invasion Day" commemoration marking the loss of Indigenous culture.
This defeat led to the loss of the strategic city of Oran and Mers El Kébir, and Spain gaining a foothold in Algeria.
| 2019-10-05 || Loss ||align=left| Muangthai PKSaenchaimuaythaigym  ||  Suek Muay Thai Vithee || Buriram, Thailand || Decision  || 5 || 3:00
The loss hypothesis states that PSI and PSII were present in anoxygenic ancestor cyanobacteria from which the different branches of anoxygenic bacteria evolved.
Turridae (Gastropoda, Conoidea) from the late Lutetian Eocene of the Cotentin, NW France: endemism through loss of planktotrophy?.
Bey Bouchelaghem retreated to Mostaganem, and fell into depression after the loss of the city.
Finally, there was heightened interest after the 2016 presidential election, which Donald Trump (the winner of the election) baselessly claimed was marred by voter fraud (likely as an attempt to explain away, at first, the expectation that he would be defeated and then, after unexpectedly winning, to explain away his loss in the popular vote).
Matterson made his debut in 1922 in round 6 in a 12-3 loss to Balmain.
The loss of these birds is believed to be largely a result of habitat alteration and the effects of the introduced brown tree snake.
"Phylogenetic relationships and limb loss in sub-Saharan African scincine lizards (Squamata: Scincidae)".
The loss dropped MSU to 5–2 on the season.
When the library of the Catholic University of Louvain was destroyed in August 1914 by the invading German forces - with the loss of approximately 230,000 books, 950 manuscripts, and 800 incunabula - Monsignor Stanislas Le Grelle played a major role in rebuilding the collection of books.
— Jack Holland, American college football player and boxer (9 May 1933), while leaving ring after loss to Tony Marullo; he then collapsed from a cerebral hemorrhage
Tsou Chen-Lu analysed the relationship between the functional groups of enzymes that are necessary for their biological activity and the loss of activity that occurs when the enzyme is treated with an irreversible inhibitor.
Odisha's Principal Chief Conservator of Forest and Wildlife stated in March 2021 that the fire did not cause any loss of wildlife and had not affected the core area of the tiger reserves.
He made his professional debut during the 2019–20 Ghana Premier League season, playing the full 90 minutes of a 1–0 loss against Berekum Chelsea on 5 February 2020.
However, the 2006 season also brought the Eagles' their first no-hit loss, and they still finished last in the Pacific League.
484 S/L Battery HQ at Naxxar was hit with the loss of three killed and two wounded.
Teams earned two points for a win, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss.
Vitík made his debut with Sparta Prague in a 4–1 UEFA Europa League loss to Lille on 22 October 2020.
On 10 October the news reached the garrison at St. Augustine that eight days after its capture Fort San Mateo had burned down, with the loss of all the provisions which were stored there.
Life, Loss, and Hope in Wartime Syria, 2018
Kamissoko made his professional debut with the Mali national team 2020 African Nations Championship Final, a 2–0 loss to Morocco on 7 February 2021.
She is the author of several books published on Amazon Kindle, including Skincare Bible: Dermatologist’s Tips on Cosmeceutical Skincare, Haircare Bible: Dermatologist's Tips for Haircare and Hair Loss, and Masking Up: Dermatologist’s Guide to Maskne.
In later life, she suffered from loss of eyesight.
Rompão made his professional debut with the São Tomé and Príncipe national team in a 2–1 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification loss to Guinea-Bissau on 10 September 2019.
Four points are awarded to the winning team, a draw earns two points, whilst a loss amounts to zero points.
The team's first, and only, loss in the regular season came on March 7, when they fell to Team SoloMid in week 7.
Another way to estimate soil loss and accumulation is to measure the changes in soil properties , such as soil organic matter content.
Following her loss to Bermúdez, Lecca defeated Maria Vega via eight-round UD on 8 March 2014, capturing the vacant WBA Fedelatin female super bantamweight title at the Coliseo Dibos Dammert in Lima, Peru.
The delayed onset of lactation may leave unfavorable outcomes for the mothers and infants like suboptimal infant breastfeeding, behavior excessive neonatal weight loss and shortened duration of breastfeeding.
Her only loss that year came against Lotta Loikkanen, for the World Boxing Council (WBC) World Muay Thai Mini Flyweight Title.
As a junior, he was named honorable mention All-Atlantic Coast Conference after recording 11 tackles for loss, five sacks and 11 quarterback hurries.
Such misrouting led to the loss of stereoscopic vision in patients with ocular albinism.
In order to prevent the loss of data and therefore Proprietary Data, Personal Information, Trade Secrets, and Classified Information, it is only logical to follow best practices.
Loss of regenerative ability is one of the most obvious consequences of aging.
II season without a loss.
He had sight loss rom birth.
The most important long-term implications of the Nakba for the Palestinian people were the loss of their homeland, the fragmentation and marginalization of their national community, and their transformation into a stateless people.
Defensive Coordinator Tim Tibesar was terminated on November 7, the day after their 37–34 loss to Colorado.
Six days later, he scored his first goal for the club in a 4–1 loss to Paris Saint-Germain.
On 26 February 2017, he made his debut in a 3–2 loss to Liberty Professionals, coming on in the 82nd minute for Eric Kwakwa.
In 1936, the George Mills Company and the Arundel Corporation were the subject of another lawsuit, in which Amherstburg residents sought monetary compensation for "damage and loss to [...] property as a result of the blasting operations on the channel project".
With the loss of these two the small holding initiative was wound up after it lost impetus during the 1930s.
Memory loss and aphasia are seen.
He suffered relegation to the Danish 1st Division with the club on 9 May 2021 after a loss to last placed AC Horsens.
They had a disappointing time in the Fox Memorial coming 2nd to last with a 3 win, 1 draw, 8 loss record.
Their 0–13 loss to the United Arab Emirates is currently their biggest defeat in international competition.
Since 2000 there has been a net loss of just under 2% of the reserve's forested area.
He made his professional debut with the club in a 3–0 Ligue 1 loss to Monaco on 11 April 2021.
Racial disparities in pregnancy loss after the completion of 20 weeks of gestation, or stillbirth, have been documented in the United States since at least as early as 1918.
He eventually made his senior international debut on 10 October 2020 in a friendly loss to Niger.
In their first season since 1889, they played in one game, a 0–22 loss against Sioux Falls.
After demobilization in 1921, with the loss of hearing in one ear, he joined Moscow University in 1922, graduated in 1930 after nearly being expelled (and being helped by A.F.
He made his debut later that month in a loss to Denmark.
After Typhoon Parma hit the Philippines, there was a rise in school dropout rates resulting from the loss of family incomes.
He experienced a violent reaction to the chlorine which caused a gradual loss of his voice.
Threatening factors include habitat loss as well as bushfires, the incidence of which is likely to increase with climate change.
The week aims to make dual sensory loss a more widely known condition; educating people about what it is and letting them know what to look out for in themselves and others.
The Treaty of Trianon marked the end of historical Hungary, as it resulted in the loss of lands which were inhabited by 3.5 million ethnic Hungarians; reducing Hungary to .
Dr Koh testified for the prosecution in May 2012 that Wang was not suffering from impairment of his mental faculties when killing Zhang, Feng and Yang, though he did agree that Wang was indeed suffering from an adjustment disorder and that when it comes to extreme anger, there would be some loss of self-control.
With 16 wins, 1 draw and 6 loss the Goyo FC team added 49 points and finished the competition in first place.
He led the team again as a junior with 86 tackles, five of which were for a loss.
5 years after the title loss, the former Canadian welterweight champion would return to the ring a final time to fight Jerry Wells of Cleveland, Ohio, knocking him out in the sixth round in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
They then suffered a 6–5 loss against Canterbury at Monica Park in Christchurch before 2,500 spectators.
Rose tells her that, while she doesn't reciprocate her romantic feelings, she is flattered, and empathizes with Jean's loss of her partner.
Fragmentation and loss of the natural habitat of elephants are considered to be the main causes of HEC in Sri Lanka.
As Result, Mir Nawab khan Tanoli killed and a lot of loss to the Kingdom of Amb who already facing so much war against Sikh Empire and Nawab of Amb lose there territory and wiped out.
Devonport finished with a 5 win, 1 draw, 7 loss record.
School routines can also function as an anchor or coping mechanism for young people with mental health issues, and the loss of said routines can severely challenge how students cope.
Additionally, Erisir's research examines proteins such as beta-amyloid and tau that result in the loss of synaptic plasticity.
Concerning the discipline of sociology, he described the dichotomy of sedentary life versus nomadic life as well as the inevitable loss of power that occurs when warriors conquer a city.
On social media, Moore shared his gratitude that God has protected his life despite the loss of material things.
He made his professional debut as a late sub with Denizlispor in a 6–2 Süper Lig loss to Kayserispor on 28 April 2021.
Three wins and one loss took them into the play-offs by the end of September and earned Clarke a Manager of the Month award.
In Mysaudal, the loss from the storm surge was at 3,740 and the sickness at 4,243.
Denice Zamboanga holds a professional MMA record of 8 wins and 1 loss.
|desc=The lugger collided with the steamship  () and sank in the English Channel  off Dungeness, Kent, United Kingdom with the loss of a crew member.
Farrell played in all 17 games for the Jaguars during the 2021 season, catching his first pass during a Week 2 13–23 loss to the Denver Broncos.
In the 2021 preseason, Stuard had 10 tackles, three for loss, two pass deflections and a sack.
MiqueletsTV argues that its function obeys to "social and linguistic urgent needs" in the face of the loss of online entertainment in Catalan, as well as to alleviate the struggles of many families in offering quality TV products in their own (minorized) language to their children.
Hearing loss with craniofacial syndromes
On 9 October, Mabika was promoted to the Inter Miami squad and made his Major League Soccer debut in a 1–0 loss to New York Red Bulls.
The loss of the fictional trawler Mhairi Finnea in the series bears similarities to the sinking of the FV Antares by Royal Navy nuclear-powered submarine HMS Trenchant in the Firth of Clyde in 1990.
In 2008, some recreational anglers expressed their disapproval of the industry, noting escapes of farmed fish, marine debris and the loss of amenity.
[T]he tragedy is incalculable, and the loss, for sure.
J Obes Wt Loss Ther 3 (166), 2
| 1987-06-16 || Loss ||align=left| Paruhatlek Sitchunthong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
The loss of the German flagship, which carried most of the troops and Gestapo agents intended to occupy Oslo, delayed the German occupation long enough for King Haakon VII and his government to escape from the capital.
Soon after returning to Sheffield United, he made his professional debut with them in a 2–0 Premier League loss to Crystal Palace on 8 May 2021.
In the 84 minutes Murad Hasan Swadhinata KS showed red card and sentoff him until end the match Swadhinata KS tried with their ten men's squad to find goal but they won't able avoid loss the game.
Giovanni was only ten years old when it happened and the loss of the patriarch destabilized the family at the time.
After impressing with the under-20s, Galarza made his senior debut on 3 March 2021, after coming on as a half-time substitute for Vinícius in a 0–1 Campeonato Carioca home loss against Portuguesa; at the age of 19, he became the youngest foreigner to play for Vasco in the 21st century.
The loss was the last the JCU hockey team would ever endure.
The attack on the caves similarly stalled because of loss of element of surprise and subsequent stiff resistance.
The loss was the last for the program as both Duquesne and Carnegie Tech suspended their ice hockey teams after the year.
Julian Sladdin, a higher education expert at the law firm Pinsent Masons, noted that persons seeking to make claims under the bill would still need to demonstrate that any breach of duty had caused them legally significant loss, and expressed scepticism that this would "easily translate into successful litigation in most cases".
Much of the comedic effect is based on the judge's loss of his gavel, a theme which both players milk at considerable length, and to great effect.
The 7-minute "Lucifer Stand" features "menacing synths" and a "pulsing, new-wave" energy "which reiterates, in a slightly different method, the ominous gothic overtones of What’s Tonight To Eternity’s melancholic commentary on the loss of love in its many forms."
If the buoyancy loss is maintained for a sufficient time period, then the sea-surface cooling weakens and the restratification phase starts.
He made his professional debut with Gaziantep in a 2–1 Süper Lig loss to Sivasspor on 15 May 2021.
Following the collapse of the Papal States to the new Italian state and the loss of all his temporal power, Pius IX retreated into the Vatican in 1870 and declared himself a prisoner—no pope would leave the Vatican until 1929 after Pius XI signed the Lateran Treaty.
Patron Mr. M. Hooper congratulated the club on its sound progress and referred to the loss to Te Awamutu of the chairman Mr. Roy C. Baddeley.
Despite showing better fight against Celtic at home, their defensive struggles continued with a 2–4 loss.
Other individuals have raised concerns about the slow uptake and deployment of rapid tests and potential loss of life that might have occurred as a result.
The car had a part failure causing Watson to loss control of his car and struck his a crew member Dennis Wade while moving .
On 11 February 2015, Alanko debuted for VPS during a 0-1 loss to SJK.
His releases under the Caretaker alias explored the horror film The Shining but would later portray memory loss with Theoretically Pure Anterograde Amnesia (2005).
The raid was intercepted by 25 Warhawks and 3rd Air Group managed to shoot down three of them for no loss.
This may lead to loss of skin integrity, ischemic ulcers, and gangrene.
Despite his loss of employment, Sim persisted in his gambling habits, and he sometimes stole Wong's hard-earned income to feed his own appetite for gambling.
The improbability of island fires also results in a loss of fire-resistance in bark, fruits and cones.
He challenged his loss at the election petitions tribunal for two years, and then to the court of appeal, Enugu State, where he won the case.
The Sons' first game of 2022 ended with a fourth straight loss, 1-0 at home to Airdrieonians.
The AAIB issued five safety recommendations to the EASA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to prevent a loss of control due to the autopilot.
Kirby's next release after We'll All Go Riding on a Rainbow, Theoretically Pure Anterograde Amnesia would add several layers of complexity to the pseudonym, as it directly explored memory loss.
Released in 2005, it abandoned the haunted ballroom aesthetic of the previous albums and explored memory loss.
This results in swelling that can lead to hearing loss or changes in hearing perception.
In mid-April, the Swedish forces went on the counter-offensive with the goal of capturing Norway, as compensation for a potential loss of the eastern territorium (Finland).
Forest loss is a threat especially in its lower altitude limits which are more prone to legal and illegal logging, mining and conversion into farmland.
Seagar scored a try in the loss.
Promoted to the main squad for the 2019 campaign, he made his senior debut on 24 February of that year, coming on as a half-time substitute for Alan Ruschel in a 0–2 Campeonato Catarinense away loss against Marcílio Dias.
He score his first goal for the club on 16 May 2021, the club's only goal during a 5–1 loss to Fort Lauderdale CF.
On 20 April, the Deccan Chargers started their IPL campaign with a five wicket loss against the Kolkata Knight Riders.
In the BNXT League season, Donar stumbled in the first quarter of the season with an opening day loss against Aris Leeuwarden.
The rise of Saladin and the loss of Jerusalem.
The game was the Reds first women's ice hockey game since an 8-1 loss to Mount Allison in the AUS Quarterfinals on February 22nd, 2008.
He scored a careerhigh 20 points in Georgetown's first round loss against Colorado.
Espanyol were eliminated from the UEFA Cup by Dutch side Feyenoord on 29th October, and a 1–0 away loss to Logroñés at Estadio Las Gaunas on 12th January left them 16th in the table after 19 matches, only one point clear of the relegation places.
It proposed a number of possibilities: a structural failure or loss of control caused by turbulence; a sensory illusion; distraction of the flight crew, possibly by a lightning strike; failure of an airspeed indicator or altimeter or faulty reading thereof.
Northern's run ended with a loss in the national semifinal but then won the consolation game to finish the tournament in 3rd place.
In total, their record was 16–1, with their only loss coming to Hawaii in the third round of double-elimination play in South Williamsport.
|| Loss ||align=left| Rayen Simson ||  ||  Thailand  || Decision || 5 || 3:00
After his TKO loss to Lennox Lewis in June 2003 Vitali Klitschko first sort out an immediate rematch, however after some initial interest Lewis ultimately declined, deciding not to fight for the rest of 2003.
He made his debut on 2 June 2021, appearing as a 72nd-minute substitute during a 4–1 loss to Sporting Kansas City II.
Garcia acknowledges the loss of Wheels' parents, and it is revealed that he passed, although barely.
On 13 February of the following year, after a 0–3 home loss against Sporting de Gijón, he was sacked.
Yamashita made his professional debut in a 1–4 Emperor's Cup loss against Albirex Niigata.
The frequency of data input correlated positively with weight loss.
The Orchard Road body parts murder, which occurred merely three months after Leong murdered Liu, was all about a Filiphino maid Guen Garlejo Aguilar, who argued with her best friend Jane Parangan La Puebla over money and killed her out of a loss of self control, and quickly cut up her body into pieces to dispose at Orchard Road.
With the rise in neoliberal economic policy, credit scoring systems are seen as a classification scheme necessitated by the loss of collective social services and risk.
It stars Jonathan French as Isaac, a drifter suffering from partial memory loss who accepts a job to look after a psychologically disturbed woman in a house on a secluded island.
 S1/SB1: swimmers who may have tetraplegia or some form of loss of muscular power in their legs, arms and hands.
Two more wins for the company earnt him a shot at the vacant LFA Bantamweight Champion against another current UFC fighter in Miles Johns at LFA 55, and yet again Yanez was on the wrong end of a close split decision loss.
The French forces suffered a loss of 800 dead which included 56 officers and 371 injured.
| 1991-06-19 || Loss ||align=left| Rajasak Sor.Worapin || Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision  || 5 || 3:00
Uniquely in its genus, Malva hispanica flowers possess a bilobed epicalyx, which is derived from an ancestral trimerous structure and represents a loss of the adaxial epicalyx lobe.
After the devastating loss, they beat FCS Richmond Spiders to become 3-1.
He played his first Série A game for Inter on 16 June 2021, replacing Yuri Alberto at the 76th minute of a 0-1 home loss against Atlético Minero.
A pass to Brock Bowers for a loss of two yards ended the first quarter.
Nishimoto knocked on her front door, and when she opened, he apologized for disturbing her before stabbing Kimura several times with his knife, causing her to die from blood loss.
Despite their stellar record, the loss turned out to be disastrous as BG was passed over for an NCAA tournament bid in spite of possessing a better record and finish than the team selected instead, Minnesota–Duluth.
She made her debut for France on 13 April 2021, in a 2–0 loss against United States.
Ariyo made her senior debut for Nigeria on 10 June 2021 in a 0–1 friendly loss to Jamaica.
As a result of their time loss, Martin fell to ninth place, almost eight minutes down while Cattaneo fell out of the top ten at almost 15 minutes behind.
In her book Love child : a memoir of adoption, reunion, loss and love, Sue Elliott writes: "For someone who was obviously such a formidable self-publicist, very little information has survived about the life and work of Clara Andrew...
This led to the resignation of MP Ahmad Jazlan Yaakub from the party, resulting in the loss of the government's required majority of at least 111 MPs in the Dewan Rakyat.
On 15 June 2021, Awad made his debut for Somalia, in a 1–0 friendly loss against Djibouti.
If the responsible doctor considers that the death of the requesting person or the loss of their capacity to grant informed consent is imminent, they may accept any shorter period that they consider appropriate based on the concurrent clinical circumstances, of which they must record in the clinical history of the patient.
Ogbongbemiga played in all 13 games as a sophomore, logging 12 tackles, three for loss, 1.5 sacks, and a fumble recovery.
There was also no change in metabolic rate when exposed to lower than usual temperatures, but there was a decrease in metabolism and loss of mass when exposed to higher temperatures than usual.
Black instructed his colleague Barbara Matthews to do nothing, when Ed Daffarn had posted on a blog in November 2016 the prediction that: “Only an incident that results in serious loss of life ... will shine a light on the practices that characterise the malign governance of this non-functioning organisation.”.
In 2013, the plant's revenue amounted to 138.5 million rubles, the net loss was 113.2 million rubles, the overdue debt of the enterprise as of December 31, 2013 amounted to 149.3 million rubles.
She made her pro debut on June 17 against Team Mexico, recording 8 strikeouts in a 7-6 loss.
Georgine Gerhard (18 August 1886 - 21 December 1971) was a Swiss school teacher and administrator who was forced by hearing loss to take early retirement.
The Supreme Court ruled that because the man had complete control of the money, his tax payment was correct and he could not get a refund—though he could still claim it as a loss on a subsequent tax return.
In round 18 of the 2021 NRL season, he scored his first try in the NRL during Canterbury's 32–24 loss against South Sydney.
Their victory over  was the Hawks' first ever conference loss.
The economic crisis, the December 2001 riots and the subsequent resignation of President Fernando de la Rúa had all contributed to a considerable loss of support for the party, and on election day, Moreau received merely 2.34% of the popular vote.
On 9 November 2018, Galloway scored a career-high 32 points in a 97-91 loss to LSU.
After the Labour Party's surprising loss in the 2017 Norwegian parliamentary election, commentators such as the editor of Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå highlight that the party had ignored a strong surge in discontent with mass immigration among potential voters.
| 2021-07-10 || Loss ||align=left| Florin Lambagiu || Senshi 9 || Varna, Bulgaria || Extra round decision (split) || 4 || 3:00
In the second half time goal on 73 minutes by Tawhidul Alam Sabuz made score 1–2 but Bashundhara Kings players couldn't found the net to score any goals to avoid the loss of the match.
Factors in the ANSF loss to the Taliban included the February 2020 and April 2021 drops in US support, in which technical, proprietary software and logistics support, in particular aerial support, that the ANSF had been trained to depend on, were suddenly removed.
Letruska suffered her first loss in the Tropical Park Oaks on December 28 over a turf course labeled as good.
The weakened South Yarra persisted and still arranged matches against the principal clubs; but all fell through as the club disbanded early in the year, its last competitive game being a 2–0 loss against the junior Williamstown Football Club on 31 May.
Severe hearing loss can occur around age 45.
The government of Mauritius dismissed 10,000 relief workers and soon protesters started to demonstrate in the streets of Port Louis to protest against the loss of their jobs.
Portnova made her senior debut for Kazakhstan on 12 June 2021 in a 1–2 friendly away loss to Armenia.
It stipulated that upon loss of nationality of a husband, a wife could declare that she wished to remain British.
Merchant was insured for $100,000 (equivalent to $ in ) at the time of her loss.
On January 7, 2017, he scored a career-high 20 points in a loss to Manchester University.
In 2020, the city launched the Center for Public Health Innovation, an entity with programs to promote physical activity, health screenings, and weight loss, to improve health and quality of life for residents.
It provoked debate in the local paper, The Courier, about the over-development of Ballarat and the loss of working class heritage.
In the case of 1 win and 1 loss, the following will be used as tiebreakers:
Meslien debuted with the Martinique national team in a 2–1 CONCACAF Nations League loss to Guadeloupe on 13 October 2019.
He praised the main performances, writing that "whenever Bartha is paired alongside Greenwood or Lavi (which is thankfully frequent), Sorry for Your Loss gives a hint of what this could’ve been like with a more thoroughly workshopped script."
Ajax debuted with the Guadeloupe national team in a 2–0 friendly loss to Martinique on 26 December 2015.
Mendiola made her senior debut for Bolivia on 21 February 2021 in a 0–3 friendly away loss to Ecuador.
Maritime's loss in the final came at the hands of City Rovers 30–14.
SAR11 bacteria linked to ocean anoxia and nitrogen loss.
The social media propaganda loss of this film amounts to an approximate 60 crore, with references citing Atlee exceeding the production budget.
Two days later, they found them eliminated by Australian club South Melbourne in a 10–0 loss.
| 2021-12-18 || Loss || align=left| Takahito Niimi || Krush 132 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Punches & Knee)  || 2 || 2:57 
López made his EuroLeague debut with Kirolbet Baskonia on 26 December 2019 in a 102–77 loss to Anadolu Efes, recording 2 assists in 3 minutes.
He sent word of the loss of the island by sloop, which met with a Royal Navy squadron commanded by Richard Munden.
| 2016-10-23 || Loss ||align=left| Eisaku Ogasawara || REBELS.46 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right hook) || 1 || 0:43
| 1995-02-17 || Loss ||align=left| Phetnamnueng Por.Chatchai || Lumpinee Stadium ||  Bangkok, Thailand  || Decision || 5 || 3:00
The disputes, including clashes between rival police forces, have resulted in the loss of life, livelihood and property.
She received a bye into the round of 16 where she faced Polish Aneta Rygielska, finishing with a 05 loss by points.
Laird played in Marist's round 1 Roope Rooster 18–15 loss to Mount Albert on August 24 and scored a rare pair of tries and was involved in another.
The Americans met over 300 Luftwaffe fighters that downed 24 planes and a loss of over 200 men.
These laws prevented a wife from being treated as a slave, required her husband to support her, and entitled her kin to a bride price, to compensate them for the loss of her fertility to their kinship group and secure the legality of the union.
On July 27, 2021, Hopkins appeared for D.C. United's USL Championship affiliate side Loudoun United, coming on as an 82nd-minute substitute during a 3–5 loss to Charleston Battery.
On November 29, 2017, Jaworski scored a freshman season-high 24 points in a 74–70 loss to Drexel.
 Love, Loss and What I Wore by Nora Ephron and Delia Ephron (2013)
Bequette totaled a career-high 52 tackles, 4.0 tackles for loss, 3.0 sacks, two pass breakups, and two forced fumbles.
In 1993 Harvard returned to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since winning the championship in 1989 but were undone by a double overtime loss in the opening round.
On December 13, Wainright recorded 8 points and 6 rebounds in around 15 minutes of action in a loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
Although Gasolin became an independent petrol station company in the west (registered in Berlin-Charlottenburg) with the loss of its ownership in the east due to the unbundling of I.G.
With the loss of Syria, Egypt and Africa, Rome was no more the dominant Mediterranean power, and the Roman state persisted in the east mainly in the shadow of the more powerful Umayyad Caliphate.
It was the conference finale for both teams, Davitch's squad finished the season with a 41–28 loss to I-A foe Fresno State.
Tormey's squad finished the 1999 season with a 45–14 loss to in-state rival Boise State.
19 Washington followed by yet another loss to I-AA foe Montana to the tune of 41–28.
Instead, the Vandals' first game of the season took place on September 6, a 38–31 loss to Louisiana-Monroe.
6 January – COVID-19 in the United Kingdom: A survey by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) reveals that 1.3 million people in the UK are living with long COVID, about 506,000 (40%) of whom caught the virus over a year ago, and still have symptoms such as fatigue, loss of smell, shortness of breath, and difficulty concentrating.
He went on to start the following two matches, 1–0 win over Bechem United and 1–0 loss against Elmina Sharks.
The MEMATT is explosion resistant, moves more quickly, is considered more reliable, and has a lesser risk of loss of life during operation compared to previous technology.
After Rappan's departure after the competition, Rüegsegger was named as caretaker manager, managing Switzerland twice, resulting in one draw and one loss.
He made his professional debut for Colchester in a 1–0 EFL Cup loss to Birmingham City on 10 August 2021.
According to historian Ian Walker, "the loss of these three important officers [Baldassarre, Piacenza and Raffaelli] was a major blow to the Italians, particularly that of Baldassarre, who had led them successfully through the battles of May and June"; according to Samuel Mitcham, Baldassarre "was one of the few Italian generals whom Rommel truly respected.
Written by the band's percussionist Toni Muñoz and vocalist Paolo Guico, in collaboration with fellow indie folk band Munimuni, "Sugat" is a song that reflects on healing after facing the emptiness of loss.
In February 2021, Goldman Sachs led talks on a $1 billion junk bond deal to refinance ATD, which had not recovered from the loss of major manufacturing partners.
He made his senior debut with the C-team at the age of just 17 on 14 September 2019, starting and scoring his team's only in a 1–2 Tercera División away loss against Pasaia KE.
The S10 category is for swimmers who have minor physical impairments, for example, loss of one hand.
The SB9 category is for swimmers who have minor physical impairments, for example, loss of one hand.
Merrill indicated that the lack of support from Hart aided in his loss.
Neskes made his first team debut on 16 August 2021, coming on as a second-half substitute for Richard Boateng in a 1–3 home loss against UD Almería.
Perhaps during a trip to London to seek restitution for the loss of this cargo, Provand bought books for the young James VI, who was at this time living at Stirling Castle.
High indirect negative impacts of the quarries that fall on the Apuan territory are those related to the intense road transport of the extracted material: road accidents (including the loss of truck loads), air pollution, noise, inconveniences related to traffic and the wear and tear of the roads themselves.
Following his first professional loss, Kaito moved up to super featherweight, a 2.5kg increase in weight from his previous fights.
| 2016-04-29|| Loss || align=left| Jinto Tokoro || JAKF SMASHERS 179|| Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || ||
Marist won the Fox Memorial Shield when they took out the first grade competition with an 11 win, 1 loss record.
Chairman Kwok Wing-kin said that people who were deaf or have hearing loss should not be deprived of proper living conditions.
For this commission, Foster-Sproull created Despite The Loss Of Small Detail, and it was this work that began her association with the Royal New Zealand Ballet.
The most widely followed minimum seven to eight-year cycle is currently reduced to three to four years which is not at all sufficient to compensate for the loss and increase fertility.
At SummerSlam, RK-Bro defeated Styles and Omos to win their first WWE Raw Tag Team Championship, both individually and as a team, giving Omos his first WWE loss by pinning Styles.
In parts of Northern Nigeria, a decoction of the species is used to treat a variety of health issues including gonorrhea, ascites and loss of appetite, extracts are also used as an aphrodisiac and stimulant.
The team was placed in Pool B and opened its participation with a 13:16 loss to Amsterdam.
After representing Scotland at under-17, 18 and 19 level he made his Scotland U21 debut on 7 October 2021, coming on as a 72nd minute substitute in the 1–0 home loss against Denmark U21 in the 2023 European qualifiers.
He finished his university career in 2017 with another Hardy Cup championship, but also with a loss to Laval in the Mitchell Bowl.
After on 8 September 2010, when Russian President Dmitry Medvedev dismissed Luzhkov due to the loss of confidence, and all members of the city government, including Shvetsova, were also dismissed, retaining their powers until the appointment of a new government capital cities.
The American deaths were the first US service deaths in Afghanistan since February 2020 and were the largest single loss of life of US military personnel since the 2011 Afghanistan Boeing Chinook shootdown.
He made his league debut on 27 August 2021, in a 1–0 loss against Bali United as substitute at the Gelora Bung Karno Stadium, Jakarta.
King Edward II of England  and  his Council, pleading  for his  reinstatement to  office and for compensation under a number of heads, including  the  hardship  he had suffered  as a result  of the loss of  salary  on 
On 27 August 2021, Hammond debuted for Austria Wien II during a 0–2 loss to St. Pölten.
He made his professional debut on 29 August, replacing Largie Ramazani late into a 1–2 away loss against SD Amorebieta in the Segunda División.
Riding high, Sasaki entered the KO-D Tag League 2003 with Toba but suffered a tournament loss to Super Uchuu Power and Super Uchuu Power Omega, leading the team to vacate the tag titles.
The tournament was held under a points system, with 2 points for a win, 1 for a draw, and 0 for a loss.
He made his professional debut with Guingamp in a 3–0 Coupe de France loss to FC Lorient on 16 October 2019.
The investigation reported that the Antares was very well maintained, however her liferaft had been stowed incorrectly and as a result it did not float free and inflate when the vessel sank and that this could have contributed to the loss of life.
He made his debut for the Lithuania national football team on 2 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland, a 1–4 home loss.
In round 25 2021, Loizou made his NRL debut for Parramatta off the bench against the Penrith Panthers at Cbus Super Stadium in a 6–40 loss.
He made his senior debut with the latter's reserves on 6 September 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute for field player Luis Poblete in a 1–3 Tercera División home loss against CA Pinto.
He made his debut on 2 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Argentina, a 1–3 home loss.
Historical earthquakes associated with the seismogenic zone have been locally devastating, causing large loss of life.
Government had to pay for the loss.
 Petronas SRT withdrew from the category at the end of the 2021 season following the loss of their title sponsor.
He made his debut on 5 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Germany, a 0–6 away loss.
It was the only conference loss of the season for Slippery Rock, and snapped a 19-game conference winning streak.
Those who live with PTSD may have the reduced ability to work, with a total estimated loss of $3 billion dollars yearly in the United States.
Wells-Jankovic syndrome is a rare neurologic disorder characterized by spastic paraparesis presents in late childhood along with hearing loss.
The team had managed an astounding 21 wins, four draws and only one loss.
He made his professional debut for Caen on the 11 September 2021, replacing Johann Lepenant in a 2-1 home Ligue 2 loss against Pau FC.
He finished his collegiate career with 144 tackles, 8.5 tackles for loss, six interceptions and 24 passes defended in 40 games played.
On February 18, 2021, he scored a career-high 33 points in a 68–63 loss to Loyola Marymount.
He played his first game with the club off the bench in a Round 9 loss against the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles.
On April 29, about a month into the strike, ATI announced that they had sustained a $7.9 million loss for the first financial quarter of 2021.
He made his debut on 31 March 2019, playing the full 90 minutes of a 3–1 loss to West African Football Academy in the 2019 GFA Normalization Committee Special Competition.
As a sophomore, he recorded 183 total tackles with seven tackles for loss and nine interceptions.
He finished the season with 17 tackles, three tackles for loss, one sack and one quarterback hurry.
Smith played in a round 10 loss for Devonport against City Rovers in the first grade championship which Devonport had already secured and was then named in a North Island side to play England in Wellington.
On 28 March 2021, Bah made his debut for the Guinea national team in a 2–1 loss to Namibia in Africa Cup of Nations qualification.
As she was a sitting city councilmember, she returned to her work following her loss.
On 7 November 2020, Zeng scored his first goal for Hunan Billows during a 1-2 loss to Shaoxing Keqiao Yuejia.
He represented the DR Congo U18 side in a friendly 8-0 loss to the England U17 in October 2015.
Sarmiento made his first start for The Seagulls on 27 October, playing 69 minutes of the eventual penalty shootout loss away at Leicester City in the EFL Cup.
He made his professional debut for Altay in a 2–0 Süper Lig loss to Fenerbahçe on 29 August 2021.
He made his senior debut with the C-team on 26 August 2017, playing the last 20 minutes of a 0–2 Tercera División away loss against SCD Durango.
Magunazelaia made his professional debut with the reserves on 18 September 2021, starting and scoring the opener in a 1–1 away loss against Real Zaragoza in the Segunda División.
The loss of fluids over time leads to the cementation of silicified woods through late silica addition.
He scored his first career try in Canterbury's 17-28 loss to Newtown in Round 8.
He logged a career-high nine catches for 136 yards in a loss to Arizona State, his third career game with 100 yards or more.
Mincham then played 4 matches for Richmond including the Roope Rooster final loss to Newton Rangers and then the Stormont Shield match against the same opponent a week later on 14 September.
Ishikawa's latest book Sherpa (2020), featuring portraits of sherpa, was sold to raise funding for sherpas who have been financially impacted by the loss of travel during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The language of the petition called for peace and expressed sadness over the loss of life on both sides, and described Hamas as a terrorist organization determined to try to destroy Israel.
| Legend:       = Win       = Loss       = PostponementBold = Padres team member
Crowe would not play another game after Souths' Semi Final loss.
He made his professional debut with Wigan in a 2–0 EFL Trophy loss to Crewe Alexandra on 5 October 2021.
| 2016-10-02 || Loss ||align=left| Chuchai Hadesworkoutgym || HOOST CUP KINGS OSAKA, Tournament Quarterfinals || Osaka, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
In addition to the vault units' destruction and the total loss of their contents, there were varying degrees of damage across the Lubin property as well as liability expenses for neighboring properties.
He made his debut on 26 April 2017, by coming on in the 72nd minute of a 2–1 loss to West African Football Academy.
The complex undergoes substitution readily by Lewis bases such as tertiary phosphines and isocyanides, concomitant with loss of CO.
On a  plot of Wielkopolska, tawny owls are thought to remove an estimated 2,213 rodents annually, or 15 rodents per ha each year, which was about the same rate of loss of striped field mouse (Apodemus agrarius) per ha in the Warsaw area as well.
Hall faced stronger opposition in 2019 champion Braunschweig who didn't play to their pre-Covid levels in their meetup at Hall's Optima Sportpark turning the ball over five times in their loss to Hall.
He signed for  in 2016, making his debut on 1 October 2016 in a 54–17 loss against , scoring a try on debut.
He made his Série A debut on 3 October, replacing Carlos Eduardo late into a 0–3 away loss against Flamengo.
The total loss in this unsuccessful business outside of football should have amounted to 300,000 D-Marks.
10 points for a win, 5 points for a draw, 0 points for a loss
NFC Wild Card Round; fifth postseason meeting; the Saints' season ends on the final play of a playoff loss for the third straight season, with two of the three against the Vikings.
Maghnes Akliouche made his professional debut for AS Monaco on the 16 October 2021, coming on as a substitute in the 2-0 away Ligue 1 loss against Lyon.
Because there was initially resistance to the establishment of a higher court, especially in Hamburg and Lübeck, in particular due to the feared loss of power of the senates vis-à-vis an independent judiciary, it took 14 years from the original initiative of Bremen in 1806 to its implementation.
In September 1776, after the loss in the Battle of Fort Lee, Major General Nathanael Greene and his troops went back to Pennsylvania.
First rider across the line without a net lap loss won.
In early 1938 she took a paid position at Dunlop which resulted in the loss of her amateur status.
The following league match on 4 October 2010, she scored her debut goal in a 3–2 loss to FC Utrecht.
The number of air victories at the end of 1941 was 52 aircraft, with a single loss in battle.
She was last seen off Port Austin, Michigan, struggling in a storm, and eventually sank with the loss of all 33 people on board.
Led by eighth-year head coach James Franklin, the Nittany Lions entered the game coming off of a bye week as well, with their lone loss (at No.
The team's only loss was to Division II .
They brought collective renewal in times of loss through transformational magic.
He substituted Davide Biraschi at half-time of a 0–4 away loss.
He made his professional debut with Leverkusen as a late substitute in a 2–1 DFB-Pokal loss to Karlsruher SC on 27 October 2021.
Total loss was estimated at more than $40,000 (), and there was no insurance.
| 1999-10-29 || Loss ||align=left| Tananchai Nakonthongpakview || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
On 5 September 2019, Otodjibaye made his debut for the Chad national team in a 3–1 loss to Sudan in FIFA World Cup qualification.
RAIB will examine how Network Rail managed the risk of loss of adhesion at the track site and also any SWR policy for preventing or mitigating wheel slip on their trains.
He made his professional debut with Giresunspor in a 2-1 Süper Lig loss to Antalyaspor on 1 November 2021.
Cummings made her senior debut for Gibraltar on 24 June 2021 in a 1–4 friendly away loss to Liechtenstein.
After already making the professional squad for the early La Liga games, Serrano made his professional debut for Atlético Madrid on the 3 November 2021, replacing Ángel Correa at the 74th minute of 2–0 away loss against Liverpool, during the group stage of the Champions League.
Secondly, the loss of blue belly patches correlates with a lower chance that lizards have evolved arboreality or viviparity.
Ishizawa rebounded from his first professional loss with a sixth-round technical knockout of Masashi Tada on October 13, 2020.
Two days later, he made his debut, recording 21 points, seven rebounds and four steals in a 95–77 loss to Auburn.
Dissociation refers to the loss of information associated with an object, such as provenance or location information, without which the object loses significance or is lost.
On March 11, 2020, he scored a career-high 35 points including 11 three-pointers in a 71–69 loss to Oregon State.
According to Vest, Bull's suicidal lashing out in the final moments of the novel suggests a much deeper despair that cannot be accounted for by the loss of the medicine bundle.
Whatever the event is, she was a total loss and was sold for scrap in August 1940.
A direct impact of widespread adoption of automated vehicles is the loss of driving-related jobs in the road transport industry.
He was named a U Sports First Team All-Canadian and the OUA Stand-up Defensive Player of the Year in 2019 as he played in seven games where he had 44 tackles, four sacks, seven tackles for a loss, and one fumble recovery.
On January 5, 2021, Pippen scored a career-high 34 points to go with 16 rebounds and four blocks in an 84–82 loss to Toledo.
Following the loss of most of his army in the snows of Russia, Napoleon sought to raise a new Grande Armée, and his attention turned to the veteran troops of the four regiments of naval artillery.
His final game of the Elite 1 season was the 18–36 loss to Villeneuve before joining up with the first team for what turned out to be the final game of their aborted season.
He debuted with the El Salvador national team in a friendly 2–0 loss to Guatemala on 24 September 2021.
However, Rowley and colleagues suggest that it would qualify as "endangered" because of its restricted range (extent of occurrence likely less than 1000 km2), within which deforestation leading to habitat loss is occurring.
On November 28, 2020, Noel scored a career-high 35 points in an 82–72 loss to Illinois State.
On 18 February, Ngoma scored his first goal for the Central African Republic against Burkina Faso in a 1–3 loss.
Cook Islands played their first international match on 11 September 1971 in a 16–1 loss to Papua New Guinea in French Polynesia.
A group of 45 of those "hard-core" prisoners, including Sumiyarsi, were transferred from Plantungan to Bulu prison in Semarang in December 1976; the loss of her medical clinic sorely worsened the conditions of the remaining Plantungan prisoners.
Then in Week 3 of the 1983 season Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino made his NFL debut against the newly-relocated Los Angeles Raiders, throwing his first touchdown passes in a 27–14 loss.
He played against Grammar Old Boys in a 9-8 loss which eliminated them from the competition.
The first game in Harding football history was a 0-38 loss to College of the Ozarks.
The plans were met by fierce backlash from local residents, threatened by the loss of treasured countryside and who rebut the justifications for expansion.
As a redshirt senior, he had 10 sacks, 18 tackles for loss, and three forced fumbles and was named second team All-American Athletic Conference.
| 2008-07-03 || Loss ||align=left| Singmanee Kaewsamrit || Daorungchujarern, Rajadamnern Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
The properties of the minor ionic species such as He+ and He++ relative to the major constituents of the energetic magnetosphere plasma were also studied in order to evaluate the relative importance of the different sources of the plasma and of various energization, transport, and loss processes that may be mass-or charge-dependent.
On November 25, 2019, he posted a sophomore season-high 32 points, nine rebounds, four assists and four steals in an 81–77 overtime loss to Cincinnati.
The Eagles took an early 7-0 lead in the game much to the dismay of fans, who wanted an Eagles loss to ensure a good draft pick.
For this proof we follow Lieb and Loss.
Samaha died of a heart attack during a trip to London, when he went to pay his respects to Hazem Sagieh on the loss of his wife, Mai Ghoussoub.
Andrei Szilard played one game for Romania on 25 August 1935 under coach Constantin Rădulescu in a friendly against Germany which ended with a 4–2 loss.
To everyone's surprise, Cauliflower reveals that he was only kissed and that without a formal sex education, he assumed kissing led to loss of chastity and birth of children.
On 3 March 1918, in the aftermath of the October Revolution the Russian SFSR ceded the entire Kars Oblast including the Olti Okrug through the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk to the Ottoman Empire, who had been unreconciled with its loss of the territory since 1878.
Hanna (lost on Lake Huron in 1919), remained the largest shipwrecks on the Great Lakes until the loss of the self-unloading freighter Carl D. Bradley in 1958.
In February 2004, he scored 40 points in a loss to Louisiana-Lafayette.
This marked the Breakers' third final loss in as many tournaments, each time after topping the ladder.
President of Azerbaijan along with several domestic and foreign officials mourned the loss and shared condolence messages.
On the other hand, the people who hold these beliefs are in an environment where even the slightest carelessness in the rugged terrain and natural environment can lead to the loss of life.
Baddock made his WHL debut on November 19, 2011, in a 5–2 loss against the Lethbridge Hurricanes.
It is experiencing habitat loss and fragmentation across its range, and is considered Endangered.
Wilson would blame Democrat straight-ticket voting for the reason of his loss.
When he then answered the sports question incorrectly his loss was minimal and he also stole a potential chance for his competitors (who might have more sports knowledge) to make a substantial gain.
Following an incident which saw the loss of one of the statue's hands, it was boarded up for over four years.
On 11 September 2015, Somppi made his QMJHL debut and scored first QMJHL goal in a three point effort against a 4–3 loss to the Charlottetown Islanders.
He was a starter in their 0–13 loss against the Chicago Cardinals, and returned to the Boosters afterwards.
The UNH offense failed, with Flaishans assisting on their only goal in a 1–2 loss.
The dark colouring points to existential experience and the loss of romantic illusions (Man with a Beer, 1964).
This forced the developers to directly upscale the original graphics of the game, which were low resolution and dithered, causing a loss of detail that is evident in the final product.
While "The Comeback" is now considered one of the proudest moments in Bills history, as they would go on to their third of four consecutive Super Bowl appearances, the Oilers arguably never recovered from this loss, with Houston fans now calling this game "The Choke".
He scored a try in a 19–14 loss.
Two were against the Johnson City Athletic Association, with a 0–6 loss in the first matchup, and a 0–0 tie in the second.
In addition to the 18 million assessed loss attributed to Faulkner himself, in pre-trial detention hearing the FBI asserted that Faulkner had stolen another 2 million dollars during his time as a fugitive in Mexico.
Following her loss in the arbitration, Baderow filed a new case in Louisiana state court, asking the state court to vacate the arbitration award entered against her.
He scored another try in a Round 7 loss to the St. George Dragons.
When asked to describe the purpose of the march Pat Denton, chairwoman of Louisiana's women's political caucus, state, "The tradition of a jazz funeral is that although there is a loss, life goes on and with renewed hope."
He first appeared with the reserves on 5 September 2021, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 1–2 Segunda División RFEF away loss against Terrassa FC.
Weight loss methodology in preparing for Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitions
He scored the first try of his career in a round 13 loss to Newtown.
In 1977 he took Australian Open champion Mark Edmondson to five sets in a first round Wimbledon loss and had a win over British Davis Cup player Richard Lewis at a Grand Prix tournament in Brisbane.
| 2021-07-18 || Loss || align=left| Kyo Kawakami || Rise World Series 2021 Osaka || Osaka, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)  || 3 || 3:00
He made his professional debut with Auxerre in a 3–1 Coupe de France loss to LOSC Lille on 18 December 2021.
Butzke made his senior debut on 26 August 2018, starting in a 0–2 home loss against Atlético Mancha Real.
Pubill made his first team – and La Liga – debut on 20 December 2021, starting in a 3–4 home loss against rivals Valencia CF.
| 2022-01-01|| Loss ||align=left| Phetpangan Mor.Ratanabandit ||Suekjao Muaythai, Omnoi Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5||3:00
He appeared in nine total games, and also made a brief appearance in the 2017 Peach Bowl, in a 7–24 loss against Alabama.
He made 69 total tackles, ten for loss, and recorded a fumble return touchdown against Minnesota.
However, the loss of many ancient manuscripts due to the war led to the formation of a new Shinto theory called Yoshida Shinto.
In his first ever professional game, he recorded 19 points and 10 rebounds in a 74–107 loss to WWE Muenster.
They would get swept 0-3 against Blacklist International and would unfortunately be eliminated from contention after a 1-3 loss against Nexplay EVOS.
The cuts saw the loss of 200 jobs and the end of the City Programme, Thames Reports and Thames Action on the south-east network.
After suffering his first professional loss, Kano rebounded by winning four of his next five fights, with three victories coming by way of stoppage.
Oyster stocks have declined by 95 per cent in Europe due to over-harvesting, habitat loss, pollution and disease.
Informal and formal measures were used to negotiate with whites, which ultimately resulted in the loss of Ute land and establishment of the Ouray and Uintah reservations.
The buyer of a condor earns a profit if the underlying is between or near the inner two strikes at expiry, but has a limited loss if the underlying is near or outside the outer two strikes at expiry.
Booklist provided a mixed review, stating that "this first novel may try to cover too much," while noting that the "immediate, present-tense, first-person narrative stays true to a teen’s daily experience, and ... the metaphors of loss and recovery are rooted in the surprising dramas of daily life."
The town of Baie-Saint-Paul was seriously damaged by the event, with the loss of six lives.
The book states that dietary fiber fuels gut microbiota by creating short-chain fatty acids that have proven to promote weight loss, lower cholesterol, improve brain function and prevent cancer and diabetes.
Aguirre made his professional debut with the B-side on 31 December 2021, replacing Luca Sangalli late into a 2–3 loss at SD Eibar in the Segunda División championship.
The following week he scored again in a 24-18 loss to Ponsonby United.
He made his La Liga debut three days later, starting in a 0–2 away loss against Levante UD.
On 25 June, the king with the Drabants reached Byerazino, from where they observed 600 Russian dragoons standing across the river; when Charles reconnoitered with his small bodyguard, 200 of them swum over and attacked him, but were soon driven back with a loss of 40 men as Swedish reinforcements arrived.
In his NFL debut, a 3–35 loss against the Chicago Bears, he intercepted a pass and returned it 13 yards.
They also reached the quarter-finals of the FA Cup, a run which ended with a 1–0 home loss to Grimsby Town.
And instead of resorting to the sexually explicit lyrics that define so many reggaetón hits today, Tiago’s themes lean more toward love and loss and his own journey from the housing projects of Buenos Aires to nascent fame."
Even the Isonzo, hit by a torpedo under the bridge and another in the stern, sank more slowly with the loss of 22 men, while the Entella avoided a torpedo but ended up accidentally running aground near the coast (according to another source it was hit and led aground to avoid sinking).
Carter finished his Clemson college career with 81 tackles (62 solo), 8.5 tackles for loss, 19 passes defended, four interceptions, one forced fumble, one fumble recovery, one sack, and one touchdown.
The loss of Colenbrander seems to have led to Chelmsford being relegated to the role of a minor character in the film.
He earned his first under-19 cap on 5 September 2020 in 3–0 loss against Bulgaria U19.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on sporting events, Bender did not make his Maryland debut until February 19, 2021, starting in a 2–3 loss to Penn State.
A loss to Ateneo dropped them to 1–1.
Barno finished the season a team-high 6.5 sacks and led the Atlantic Coast Conference with 16 tackles for loss.
Holden played in the 2022 College Football Playoff National Championship game against the Georgia Bulldogs and he finished the game with 6 receptions for 28 yards in the 33–18 loss.
As a senior, Paschal had 64 tackles, nine tackles for loss, and 5.5 sacks.
After joining the under-19 in the early 2021–22 season, he made his professional debut for Dijon on the 8 January 2022, replacing Mattéo Ahlinvi at the 63rd minute of a 1–2 Ligue 2 home loss to Nîmes Olympique.
| 1991-06-14 || Loss ||align=left| Jaroenthong Kiatbanchong || Lumpinee Stadium || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 5 || 3:00
He made his professional debut for Benfica B on the 10 January 2022, replacing Tiago Gouveia for the last 15 minutes of a 1–2 home Segunda Liga loss to FC Porto B.
In Sri Lanka, verses of lament from the text Vessantara Kāvya are often recited at the corpse of a relative who just died, especially the verses of Madri mourning the loss of her children.
On the social media platform, where she has more than 500,000 followers, she shares openly about her experiences with depression as well as sobriety and hair loss.
Omer made his international debut with the Sudan national team in a 3–2 friendly loss to Ethiopia on 30 December 2021.
In order to produce the observed emission, the progenitor star underwent mass loss at an average rate of ·yr−1 at a typical wind velocity of .
He played in the Roughriders' West Semi-Final win against the Stampeders, but was on the injured list for the team's West Final loss to the Blue Bombers.
The loss of crops had implications for the local economy.
Destan was called up to Turkey national under-21 football team for the first time against friendly fixtures against Croatia and Serbia, making his debut against the former in a 4–1 loss substituting for Ali Akman in the second half.
The Director of the University of Waterloo's Cross Border Institute stated to CBC News that the economic loss from the Ambassador Bridge blockade was between $3 billion – $6 billion.
He went unbeaten in his first six Kalamata FC fixtures, winning three and drawing three, before ending this unbeaten run in a 2-1 away loss to GS Kallithea.
Although Goldenvoice survived the loss, based in part on Tollett's history of "fair dealing with bands and venders", it was a struggle;  Tollett sold his house and his car.
On 6 October 2021, he made his debut as a substitute in a 2–0 loss to Levadiakos in the Greek Football Cup.
He debuted with Malawi in the tournament in a 2–1 quarterfinal loss to Morocco on 25 January 2022.
She moved to St Abbs where she helped establish the lifeboat station after witnessing the loss of the Danish Steamer Alfred Erlandsen with all its crew.
Having made his first team debut during the pre-season and signed his first professional contract with the club from Molenbeek in December 2021, El Ouamari made his professional debut for RWDM47 on the 25 January 2022, replacing William Togui during a 2–0 1B Pro League loss against Westerlo.
In Old Dominion’s season-opener against Albany, Fox recorded seven tackles (four solo), 1.5 sacks, and 1.5 tackles for loss.
The season came to an abrupt end in the round of 32 with a 102–77 loss to No.
After the break, John Cooney returned to action for a 20-10 away win over Leinster, with the back row of Marcus Rea, Nick Timoney and David McCann impressing, but this was followed by a disappointing away loss to Ospreys, in which wing Craig Gilroy made his 200th appearance for Ulster.
Getting hit by enemy fire or colliding against solid stage obstacles will result in losing a live, as well as a penalty of decreasing the ship's firepower and loss of the weapon that was currently in use, and the game is over once all lives are lost, though the player has unlimited continues to keep playing.
Atkinson, a highly respected, widely sought-after, and constantly gigging yeoman at the other rhythm post, not only powerfully and dynamically paddles this furthership, but allows Cyrille to circle back and forth inside the main flow without the least loss of drive."
The opposition criticised the push to transfer the control over universities to foundation as attempt by Fidesz to extend its control over the universities even in the even of an electoral loss.
He first appeared with the main squad on 25 September of that year, starting in a 1–2 Série C home loss against former side Novorizontino.
Ruiz remained a third-choice behind Jiménez and José Aurelio Suárez for the 2021–22 campaign, but on 4 February 2022, after Jiménez left for CD Leganés and Suárez moved to Tokushima Vortis, he made his professional debut by starting in a 1–3 away loss against Burgos CF in the Segunda División.
Local businesses objected to the loss of wharfage for goods-bearing ships and petitioned to have her moved.
They wanted to retain the full market value in their portfolio and that is the basis upon which the loss to them should be assessed.
He finished the 2019 season as the Dinos’ leading tackler by a wide margin with 88 tackles, including 65 solo tackles, (second-highest Calgary tackler registered 52 tackles) and tied for the team lead in both tackles for loss (8) and sacks (4.5).
His lone loss came on points in the Ultimate Boxxer tournament in December 2019 when he was outpointed over three rounds by Danny Whitaker.
| 2011-04-17 || Loss || align="left" | Urakami Shanghai  || New Japan Blood 4 || Okayama, Japan|| Decision (Majority) || 2 || 2:00
As a result, many of the species in the genus are at risk of habitat loss due to damage of mangroves as a result of rising sea levels from climate change.
Abrefa made his professional debut with Reading coming on in the 87th minute for Tom Holmes in a 3-2 EFL Championship loss to Coventry City on 12 February 2022.
He made his 2,500th career hit on May 19, an RBI single in a 4-1 road loss to the Kansas City Royals, but the Red Sox released Buckner on July 23 after he recorded a .273 batting average, 2 home runs, and 42 RBI in 75 games.
Van 't Loo made his professional debut for Heerenveen on the 5 February 2022, replacing Anthony Musaba during a 2–0 away Eredivisie loss to Fortuna Sittard.
The estimated loss is 665 million reals from the municipality's gross domestic product (GDP), equivalent to 2%, in data that considers only the direct impact.
With the loss of first-class status for the Texaco Cup, first-class cricket has not been played at the Park since.
Sultans, who were sent into bat by Qalandars posted 163 runs for the loss of 2 wickets.
He made his professional debut with Paços de Ferreira in a 2-1 Taça da Liga loss to Boavista on 23 September 2021.
On 20 February 2022, Kasparavičius debuted for Cherno More during a 1–2 loss to Ludogorets.
Multiple people who knew the Staudtes had observed that Diane was not expressing any grief for the loss of Mark and Shaun; instead, Diane frequented the social media platform Facebook and appeared aloof about the deaths.
Ramani, and documented her career in dance as well as her later struggles with memory loss.
Other reasons include the perceptions of traditional and state authorities, the general acceptance of domestic violence in Timorese society, the loss of traditional rules and also defensive reactions by men against new freedoms for women.
 E – Profit and Loss Account (net revenue),
On 17 June 1638 he suffered a considerable loss of 2,000 men, including his son Maurice Frederick, in the Battle of Calloo.
The same hurricane resulted in the loss of .
considering the loss of sight and that delirious talk , i 'm going to have the lab come up and do some more tests right away . ''
the gun was affixed to the harness with a three-foot nylon rope to prevent an inadvertent loss during the nocturnal descent .
it then dawned on me that despite my terrible loss the world had continued to revolve , and no matter how wretched i personally felt , things were happening in both mine and my childrens lives that needed my immediate attention .
was i mortified over the loss of sandra ?
im not sure why she would have killed ohara ... ... ... ... ..not that hes any great loss .
no stranger to loss , the precariously balance world she has constructed begins to fracture when ben starts asking questions about her past .
west was not a large man , but despite his recent loss of weight he was a heavy burden for a fellow with a game leg who was not particularly athletic .
our limbs will be cut and our thoughts will be wandering , and we will always stand at the margin of the living ones we will not know any more a real relief of joy- until we will be ourselves pushed into our graves , and unite with our loved ones somewhere in the universe of loss and nothingness .
if you aint , its yore loss cause im cut from the same cloth .
your loss might have been too much to bear .
however , to the families of the fodder , no amount of money and power was ever worth the loss of their loved ones lives .
in the past allison had contested the parroted comments of the millions of mindless listeners of such unmitigated horse crap and cautioned that our concerns might be better placed if we instead asked our leaders questions regarding the loss of millions of good paying jobs to foreign manufacturers owned by multi-national corporations .
id read theories claiming the loss of those three legions was one of the earliest precursors to romes downfall centuries later .
he felt great pity for her familys loss .
only jan knew what the loss meant to his mother , and none there knew what it meant to him .
her face reflected confusion , puzzlement , loss of assurance and suspicion .
since she takes little , you may keep the furnishing to cover your loss .
probably the chicks would be missing through the natural food chain and the parents wo n't bother to look for them , but would endure the natural loss and prepare to make new ones .
even the bone clubs i had discarded prior to my run would have proved of some utility against the rapidly approaching animals , and i regretted their loss .
the three royal guards who had remained on the pyramid grabbed the high-priest before he fell backwards from the sudden loss of blood .
the faith had killed martin , and the people were rallying to avenge their loss .
the subsequent trial took into account his loss and grief , and the judge only sentenced him to fifteen years .
a serious glass-cockpit blackout can cause the loss of half of a planes electronic centralized aircraft monitor ( ecam ) system .
poor grandmas eyes rarely smiled anymore though , on account of her difficulty in accepting the loss of little coes parents , but recently they seemed more at peace - her old self re-appearing in them .
these ships are believed to be connected with our loss of communications with vinland station .
a sense of personal loss and dread flowed through him as he looked for rachael .
seeing stars , the boy is at a complete loss concerning what to do next , standing uncomfortably before the blushing woman .
she was completely at a loss for an explanation .
i believe the $ 10 million i paid congress for the loan of the plutonium will help compensate for its loss , added ryan sarcastically .
since her conversations with mason and jack , she had been at a loss for what to do .
although beppe was devastated by the loss , he knew the risks associated with lucas choice of career : after all luca simply followed in the footsteps of his father .
at this time admiral macalary , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , has pushed back against her request , ordering many combat ready battalions to retreat from cities that may be on the verge of loss in order to mass forces .
i am truly at a loss .
gankas parents were at a complete loss : it was quite impossible for them to refuse such an important personage but to give their daughter away in marriage to a turk would be to go against all tradition .
in gans mind loss fought with love , pain with pride .
our sensors are detecting major trauma and blood loss .
his mind was racing with thoughts of how a situation like that would occur but , he was at a loss for logical explanations .
my loyal servants , frizland has suffered its greatest loss and humiliation at the hands of darkspear and its leader , dakar .
granted , the contract involved two targets , but the guild still had a much higher level of acceptable loss than he would have thought , and he said so .
wordlessly , alyrin strode from the chamber , back arched high and steps steady as one who had maintained her honor even at loss of faith and , likely , soul .
he regretted the loss of the red roan , but returning the palomino to don estoban would now be like losing a part of himself .
bill was at a loss for what to do , so he did nothing and just waited for the tears to subside .
i felt sorry for celias loss , wishing her scarlet mask could hide her trembling lip , not just her eyes .
she came to one article that reported on the tragic loss of his parents .
over a third of the gang was not present , and after questioning some of those that were , it became apparent that they had absconded in the early hours of the morning out of a combination of fear of the coming battle with the trade caravan , and a loss of respect for their leader .
we can just tack the loss onto the crystals price .
danny was at a loss for words .
and finally , on the public broadcast channel they were already lamenting the loss .
the anchorman , sensing the young up-and-comers consternation immediately leapt at the chance to whack the mole causing him face-time loss .
the snack-food truck was parked on the shoulder parallel to the road , as if the driver had been prepared for the sudden loss of power .
she knew the woman was mourning the loss of her lover , but she wasnt sure how she could comfort her without admitting to knowing her situation .
it had been as though the creature was mourning the loss of a close friend .
but at least its not a total loss .
we were not only compromised and could have got into a serious exchange with , without doubt , loss of life but we have also compromised our target .
he would not be reporting his total loss .
enders nodded , `` i 'm sorry for your loss . ''
the loss was incomprehensible ; the pain like a blow to his stomach and he eased the ache by imagining her still there , aglow and full of life .
seconds before he had been celebrating and now he had to digest the tragic loss of his great friend and ally .
he was distraught at the loss of genuine contact with the spirits , spending night after night out on the veld waiting for a sign that he had not been abandoned by the world beyond this one .
between here and there is reines loss , lucas added .
andrew swayed , weakened by the battle and his loss of blood .
the aircraft banked into a shallow left turn and started to descend with a sudden loss of engine noise .
he looked down at the soldier he had just killed and the painful nausea returned to his gut flooding in on top of his unbearable grief over the loss of the general .
tla and ultn were particularly upset at the loss of that girdle cake .
the loss , grief , despair and even the blinding fury she had felt when fred was thrown over the fence to them .
he had not expected her to be so eager to participate in the loss her virginity after the way she had acted before .
despite her loss of physical attraction towards her husband , she would always be allured to the rugged masculinity that seeped from his very essence .
theres men in this city that can afford the loss of a few coins .
it pains me even more that she should lose him , that she might suffer for the loss of her son .
he was obviously at a loss for words , so i casually fished my report out of the trash and handed it to him .
so while the tribe will mourn their loss , they will be comforted by the knowledge that their two pups gained manhood and will most assuredly be welcomed into heaven .
korean army faced a big difference of surrounding the supermarket , if forced to scoring may cause loss of life , but if ceased , once those gods secretly kill the hostages , the military might face fierce criticism .
im very sorry for your loss .
some of the things the older people talked about seemed no loss to grace ; she could certainly live without them .
how ... wh- she was at a loss for words .
in the coming years we will miss the loss of that generation .
the loss of that book still bothered him .
ordinarily , a simple healing spell would have taken care of his leg , but the loss had occurred far from such aid , and by the time he reached civilization , the stump had healed to such an extent that the healers were unable to affect a restorative cure .
desire had taken him , dragging him on , helpless in its unyielding grasp and with a sense of wonder , of awe , he knew that an irrevocable step was before him , one that could not be taken without loss .
in moments storm-shadows flight leveled , but remained rocky with the loss of limb .
the loss of my nuke school had left me bereft .
they listened to the wind for some time , the smell of spring was carried on the warm breeze and they watched the mighty horse raise turf into the air as he pranced , galloped and threw himself around , screaming in defiance of loss .
leaving him now would be an unfortunate loss .
nevermind the loss of the edible plants , which at least would make sense , it was the flowers that had sent mr. mitchum clean over the edge and straight to his neighbors where the two men commenced to dredge up every minute offense ever dealt them by the other man .
besides , we do it sometimes ourselves , when the clan needs women from other clans : do we not give presents to their parents to lessen their loss ?
then the fingers stopped talking and the two women wept for all the lost time , the hurt , the loss and the sadness .
i dont know whats wrong with the poor thing , but her flatulence has caused the loss of many meals .
unhappy people who lost their dear ones but could not accept the loss came to her and wished to speak with the deceased dear ones .
but at least my butt has established some kind of relationship with this thing , so maybe im not a total loss .
i looked back at him , a strange conviction fighting to surpass the pain and loss in my heart .
he could not reconcile himself to the loss of the red-headed boy , holding himself responsible .
timothys at a loss for words .
it was possible for humans survive and even thrive if bits of the body were damaged the loss of a toe , a finger , even a leg or an arm .
i know you carry them around for some dang reason , like luck or loss .
the situation was so beyond his previous experience that he was at a loss as to how to react .
the loss of earth-human lives would be inconsequential compared to the number of lives saved .
but the deepest loss was not his to suffer .
i would hate for anything more to happen to them , what with such a loss already this year , said a shrill tone , as sharp as jagged glass .
the enormity of the loss burned the khan up inside .
maybe he should be worried about loss of brain cells .
id imagine the sympathy she had for gabriel grew after being informed of his tragic loss .
i 'm at a loss , indeed .
although we had killed a dozen humans , this was a loss by any way it could be measured .
sitting up , she looked to the pillow beside hers and experienced an incredible sense of loss , knowing he left her .
just as she was hiding and keeping in check her anguish over the loss of her mum .
i am unsure whether to feel joy to see you alive , or sorrow to see you in the face of so much loss .
the dragon mind felt an odd surge of identity , followed swiftly by a sense of loss .
he felt , again , the heat , terror and sense of loss , myme chlo 's image so real he felt he could touch her .
she read there love and compassion , understanding , too , but mostly deep sadness mingled with what she sensed was profound loss and regret .
there have been several well-known men who have suffered great loss to their own reputations because they were willing to speak the shameful truth about his sad end .
only the threat of a loss of job security .
the loss of someone so young is devastating beyond words ; and to lose them because they took their own life leaves us all with so many questions ; questions that will never be answered .
your linear dimensions have shrunk by over 50 % i estimate , and you cube that to figure out the mass loss .
as the host vessel deteriorates , blackouts , memory loss , and uncontrolled manifestations of power become increasingly evident if the siren is not moved into another body .
the loss of an entire town was unfathomable when hunters were there to defend it .
did that kind of hope soothe the ache of an empty stomach or console the loss of home and family ?
he does have a way of making others indulgent with him , valentino said , feeling the loss of weight in his purse .
but for once , she was at a loss for words .
the fairies sensed her loss and scattered .
the woman looked like she was having a seizure , and he was at a loss for both words and actions .
geramn pauses , wishing to physically comfort the large dragon when he breaks the news , yet afraid to go any closer lest maru crush him if he thrashes about when he learns of his loss .
chapter 3 alec graves graves estate sanctuary , utah i left kaleb 's office wobbly on my feet from blood loss and mentally and emotionally exhausted .
she pauses thoughtfully , adding , sorry for your loss .
had you no memory of your name or your past , i would have considered it possible you were he , but you do not seem to have a loss of memory .
something did not seem right and the untimely loss of her memory petrified ailia .
and to know , he continued , that for every person who dies , others are devastated by the loss .
the loss of ones child must be the most unbearable sorrow of all .
once again , celeste was momentarily at a loss to stop him from touching her .
`` the worst of the loss was a box full of very specialized diamond tipped collection rods .
i am sorry for your loss .
you see , moms convinced her death brought the loss of my twin to the surface , without me even realizing it .
once biggy and jon had discerned that even holding a rifle directly against the mans genitals and threatening to shoot wasnt going to motivate him back to work , they gave up the residence as a bad loss and quickly moved on to the next .
he mourned the loss of his friend , and his brother aremi schemed a way to wrestle the power , he had become quite corrupted by the council .
we all understand loss and gain in the same , very primal way .
the duke regrets the loss of a hundred soldiers .
all agreed that it was the best way to limit the loss of innocent lives .
hadge stared at a loss at his loyal friend ; positive the gorgons eye didnt work .
the loss of a child ?
it was a feeling of yearning , of emptiness , and of loss .
brune thinks your mage friend might warn them to prevent the loss of so many human lives .
his pride in her continued research both eased and enhanced the loss he felt .
chapter 13 the raging rescue nicolas didnt take any time to mourn his loss .
everyone has a story of loss to share with me , kaille said more harshly than he meant .
ellie was feeling more and more at a loss .
and yet , despite the sense of loss , of anger that simmered within , threatening to erupt , he had found something truly beautiful and he was damned if he was going to let it go .
but more than anything else , charmaca knew that the lords of the council would be most displeased by the great loss of men their military had suffered .
thirteen people with minor injuries , byerly she seemed to be flustered , searching for a word , soul drained or death touched or whatever , clary lost an eye , sienna with a host of broken bones and severe blood loss , and oh , lets not forget !
he added to slightly sweeten his loss .
it is my humble pleasure to have the chance to meet you , and the loss of time is mine , sir , if i do not at the very least try to aid you in what causes you a heavy heart .
any tears that she might have shed for her family , she hid from me , but it was clear the greatness of her loss , for never had she been apart from her family .
i felt strangled by the loss .
lea did n't see any gain in it , but she did n't see any loss either .
any sort of news was better than none , after all , and time softened the blow of loss .
i grieve for your loss , a rn .
alas , he has not been defeated without great loss , the crowd went silent .
the loss of pru was devastating .
since she seemed at a loss as to why that is important , i wondered if it was just because you guys didnt understand fully what it meant .
shed medicated herself for the blood loss the second time .
im truly sorry for your loss , warlord , the strength of your son at least shines forth already .
i started to the way back home again , conscious of the dying and dead flowers , and then now irritated at myself and the other passing people who were too wrapped up in themselves to realize the unnecessary loss .
i was already struggling with my loss of humanity in finding out about my heritage .
aylan was at a loss for words .
everything here is loss and disconnection , suffering and desire .
chapter twelve loss of magic camon staggered as a bout of dizziness swept over him .
the confusion the anger the sadness the loss the panic all of it .
the femaleshe appeared to be a weakness for william , and yeorathe was at a loss why .
there had to be some good from all this loss .
neste stared at the empty tankard and clenched her fists around her pillow so she wouldnt cry with frustration and loss .
but twice as pretty , andhe paused , looking over at nathanit would lessen the sting of my loss if i got to dance with a pretty young woman .
tiris distracted him from the roaring abyss in his soul caused by the loss of maran .
hed suffered many an embarrassing loss to the woman in the past , but at no time recently and it made him wonder why todays match , of all of them , had to be rehashed just now .
one other telepath in particular insisted on being part of teddies ongoing mission , and knowing of the sad loss in tariqs past , teddie included him from the beginning .
at a loss , cover said finally between heavy breaths , you have to be more careful .
oh , uh i was at a loss for words .
screaming in vain for the loss .
i was at a loss for words .
i was not healing fast enough to stop the blood loss and her concerned face was slowly being replaced by darkness .
i nodded , at a loss for words .
nate turned right onto the main street and drove for a few blocks , discouraged and at a loss for what to do next .
all the power without the loss of control .
i was frozen to the spot , truly at a loss for the first time since coming to the bower , truly realizing the horror of our predicament , realizing we had no way out , realizing that id made a mistake after all , that everything id felt the night before about belonging here had been a trick , a terrible lie .
master melgals is a magus , as is my lady thalla , but he is also an ardnarand if that does not comfort you , then i am , for once , at a loss .
the job loss tipped him over the edge .
it was fear and loss and all the things that happened in dark spaces .
lov laughed , glad to hear a story about his father , then winced at his loss .
but once he pulled his leg off the spike , he wouldnt have much time before blood loss was going to render him unconscious .
`` there are no wolves around these parts , '' dr. redhand informed him , giving the boy a long , hard look , as if he feared his injuries ran deeper than supposed , and the man 's obvious ignorance left tom at a loss as to how he should continue the conversation .
but a greater part , within a deeper place , felt only sadness and loss and a bleak acceptance .
a common loss , a common pain ; an unrealised connection between them .
sorry , i am sure i would have known , though you know , the whole memory loss thing .
perceived through the lens of fiction , sorrow is bittersweet ache , but the pain of steep loss in life is grueling and not sweet at all .
we are sorry to be the bearer of your loss , but we are most grateful for him saving our lives , damaris softly added .
surely i was mistaken , the stress of awaking in a hospital , the loss of my tome and the death of my long time friend were too much for my nerves to cope with .
to witness your loss , santine , would you mind sharing the details of your memory ?
he felt the lurch of loss , all those conversations they had had , he knew , in a way would never happen again .
many a disgruntled groans and audible sighs were heard around the compartment as the screen was displaying a net loss of 11420 to the family !
patricias trick had contributed immensely to noras loss , but she didnt want to mention this , because it would implicate her in no small manner .
his mood was sullen at the loss of so many of his best men .
deterioration of state property entails a loss of from fifteen ( 15 ) to thirty ( 30 ) points , depending on the gravity of the act .
but she cant help reacting to their second , definitive , loss as memories .
if it was some traumatic experience that had caused your memory loss ( i happen to have read the works of doctor freud ) immediately confronting your psyche with the facts of the matter might have had a deletirious effect on you ; it might have damaged an already fragile mental state irreparably .
she was feeling grumpy now over the loss of her beloved pets .
risk a vulnerability ( or exposure ) to potential injury or loss .
`` no , '' she said , a pang of loss tightened her heart .
the loss of the weapon had not been worth the kill .
we would get trapped in our routines , without attachments to humans we never experienced much loss or felt the need to rush though life .
im sorry for your loss , yassap , offered petr .
their sailboat was already a loss because he had no chance of moving the heavy vessel off the beach doing it alone .
he was going to see how far he could go before blood loss overwhelmed him .
the king of myalune would never admit to anyone of the temporary loss of bladder control he experienced at that moment .
the sadness and sense of loss were , however , tempered by a feeling of pride and accomplishment .
solharn had returned and she was now at a loss for what to do .
though mainly comic in nature , the tale still incorporated a sad narrative of adversity , loss , and finally triumph .
he had a terrible shock and loss , elpin said .
for the loss of a mere two hundred warriors he had slain eight thousand of the enemy .
to avoid answering jial , chrissy made out she was responding to the anxiety of sis parents over the loss of zorbielle .
you were wise enough to see with a mere loss of sight .
he tried to block out the day not wanting to think about the loss of karman .
i understand your pain of loss for your only son .
but right now he greatly feared loss of control .
he didnt know when , but at some point , whether through the loss of bailey or jin or worsehe would hand over his body and spirit to a more animalistic nature .
i gaped , at a loss for words .
even if good triumphed over evil , and the race of man continued to exist with immortals at their side , it meant boundless loss for the covens , greater than any of them could fully grasp .
when the dwarf turned back to his companion , he found a fouler mood to greet him , sour at the loss of a prized possession .
she dragged her seat closer to gregory , looked around frantically , put her hand on his shoulder , and then his hair ; stroking it , quite at a loss for words gregory seemed to be mumbling something to himself ; she leaned in closer to hear not fair its not its not fair then make it fair , silly !
as steam , it would not regret its loss of liquidity ; it would just do what steam is supposed to do .
their situation was desperate , but zarinia was at a loss for something to do .
should she have stayed at the temple of ydris , even after the loss of zar ?
your loss would be too much for the city to bear .
this made max feel sad for her loss , as he was an emotional sort , which was a rarity for scientists , and the probable cause for him losing his temper during the mock battle with jennie .
our stories are often brutal , filled with trickery and treachery and great loss .
i could n't afford the sinking sense of loss any more than he could afford the jealousy .
the look on his face was full of an awful loss .
he seemed at a loss for a moment , searching for words .
pity filled him for the loss of dreams , and shattering of faith .
the sounds of the shore would be a fitting elegy : nothing but the murmur of waves and the skittering legs of beach vermin to commemorate the loss of the last of the rhega .
we did n't have a lot of dignity to begin with , so that 's no great loss . '
the truth is , however , that even clever people can be taken by surprise so soundly that they are at a loss for words .
other survivors i 've talked to on the web have a grab bag of symptoms : convulsions , loss of hearing , speech problems , blurry vision , uncontrollable rages , weakness of the limbs , add .
`` lord loss is one of the more powerful demonata , '' drust says .
drust starts to respond , to tell them about lord loss .
he lowers his sword and studies lord loss nervously .
he waves his right hand and lord loss peels away as though blown by a strong wind .
lord loss smiles smugly .
`` dakkar is not a member of the coalition and , therefore , is owed no compensation for any loss not committed as an act of intentional aggression by a member of my pantheon . ''
i hope we may persuade them to heed your advice , now , and if so , we will have repaired a grave fault in tactics , at no more cost than the loss of one skirmish ; as painful a lesson as it has been , we will then count ourselves fortunate it was no worse . ''
at a loss over what to do next , alexia resorted to politeness and proper etiquette .
i was too upset and at a loss for words to manage anything more eloquent .
`` it 's a loss .
the risk of pain and loss was a part of living .
your mother was brilliant , a great loss . ''
the problem was that i was wounded , weak from blood loss , and i was facing another weather warden , which was the worst possible matchup .
together , we baked pies and cookies , cleaned out her attic , and refinished an old wooden dresser-pretty much anything she could think of to keep my mind off my loss .
i did n't want to acclimate to his loss .
but he did not argue : laurence spoke too bleakly of the loss , and temeraire knew it had wounded him very deeply .
the healers in my last legion favored strong wine and rare meat to restore an injury with so much blood loss , but i 've read others who favor an herbal tea and increased vegetables . ''
`` maybe it 's a coincidence , but it 's almost the same loss ratio experienced by herd animals on the african savannah to large predators . ''
`` he 's suffered massive blood loss , not to mention major systemic shock , '' the doctor told them .
in the middle of his depression , he rang her to tell her about his loss .
you 're right-lord loss sent the werewolves .
when the rocks closed , trapping me in the cave with lord loss and his familiars , beranabus went wild with grief .
`` astute as always , '' lord loss murmurs through the unfortunate cadaver .
`` i do n't know who you are and i have no interest in you , '' lord loss says dismissively , and kirilli deflates .
it was loss laced with guilt - soul-sucking guilt .
`` you call the loss of human life a trivi - `` `` no , '' the younger woman interrupts .
`` i 'm afraid it is not only possible - it is true , '' lord loss insists .
only nadia pays no attention , still muttering her spell , gaze fixed on lord loss .
lord loss smiles , misinterpreting the gesture .
lord loss frowns thoughtfully , but it 's a deceptive frown - he knows exactly what he 's going to ask for .
fight if you wish , but without lord loss to protect you , we both know you ca n't win . ''
lord loss asks , surprised .
`` that 's all right , '' lord loss says , floating down from his throne , taking the board from vein , wiping the surface clear of spit and slime .
if art remains with lord loss , and the demon master keeps him alive , will he raise him like one of his familiars ?
lord loss sent you to torment me with hope . ''
i laugh carelessly , wallowing in the mess as though taking a bath , jeering at lord loss , smug at having beaten him at his own game .
lord loss asks , not unkindly .
`` of course , '' lord loss says .
`` two , '' simms continued as if she had n't spoken , `` the pilot will be able to compensate for the loss of the engine and land the plane safely , without incident .
in his opinion , the loss of the whole boiling could only make the world a slightly happier place .
'like the hair loss fairy ? '
with , we believe , the loss of the lives of poor captain swing and at least one of our ... technical people . '
with any normal seagull this would have resulted in the loss of a thumb , but the creature hopped on to it with the smug air of the master returning to the old plantation .
`` and yet , i feel nothing for his loss from this world . ''
only the grim readying for battle and defense , and the painful expressions of those who were feeling the loss of queen annwyl .
at that point , vigholf was at a loss .
when he withdrew from her , she felt a tremendous sense of loss .
the pretty human barmaid would n't easily recover from this loss .
i am very sorry to have to trouble you , but we are quite at a loss where they are to be stowed : we must have them near the dragondeck , in case she should have a fit of sneezing and we must change them out quick . ''
once simon had used up all his magic in the tomb , felicia felt the loss of connection to him -- and she 'd known he was hanging on by a thread .
she 'd gambled with the loss of the katana and rolled snake eyes .
after weeks in solitary , raguel was n't certain he 'd survive the loss of his only companion . ''
while some handlers required time to absorb the loss of a mark , abel found } solace in the act of witnessing the mark 's sacrifice for divine consideration .
i know loss . ''
he seemed at a loss for what to say or do .
if you do n't give enough , the person still has a bit of free will , albeit terrible hallucinations and memory loss .
also he had no trust in chrysophylax after his breaking of oaths so solemn and binding , and he wondered much how to get through a night without death or great loss .
he let go as they sat down next to each other and she felt the loss of his warmth within her supposed-to-be-temperate body .
`` would not the loss of your service greatly hamper your lord in the long term ? ''
grieve with the crown over the valley 's loss .
frankly , i just ... did n't care , in the face of my own loss . ''
no one would have to touch me , there would be no loss of strength .
is n't it the thing i dreaded most about the wedding , about the future - the loss of my children to the games ?
the sense of loss and betrayal .
he suddenly remembered that bill mcgovern would never watch lisette benson again , or forget to lock the front door , and a sense of loss as fierce as a november gale swept through him .
my anger came from the loss of her .
they lovingly presented each moment of loss and abandonment , and each repetition was as exquisitely painful as the one before .
as they were healed of hurt and weariness of body the grief of their loss grew more keen .
'all are weary , and very many have wounds light or grievous , ' said eomer , 'and we have suffered much loss of our horses , and that is ill to bear .
all of one 's anger , shock , and rage at the loss of her cepan-my cepan-floods my system .
`` you could make a clever prot , knowing that renoux is shipping at a loss . ''
`` i am sorry for your loss . ''
i 'm at a loss to explain how he did not sense what you are and vice versa . ''
devastating would n't begin to describe her loss .
the loss of life has been staggering . ''
it was at a loss .
for a moment she was utterly at a loss .
sydney hurt for the man and his soul searing loss .
everyday there 's a new experience , whether it 's as simple as finding something amusing or crying for hours over the loss of my childhood and adolescence-the regret of endless lonely days .
it was obvious that zin cared little for the living and their loss .
`` they need more training , or they 'll be useless-and they need more skills to make up for the loss of milos . ''
my hands started to shake and i was completely at a loss for words .
and we must read the loss of his son first on this man 's face we see incredulity , then the dawn of a terrible understanding .
roshone bellowed and screamed , but the two of them held him down , and he was weak from blood loss .
he would have never been at a loss for words sober , but then , his sober self would have immediately noticed the foolishness afoot .
in fact , they soon all degenerated into arguing amongst themselves , each one making a plea to nanette about how the loss had been someone else 's fault .
not just what my uncle , taranis , had done , but also the loss of frost .
i ... '' she 'd never heard him at a loss for words before .
he 'd never mourn morganna 's loss .
fainting , crying , and so on seemed to leave them at a loss .
nigel still sounded sad about the loss of his eyes .
there was no grief in her now , no sense of loss , no fear .
`` it has been said that the chosen one will fight for the crown only after a great loss . ''
this 'upsetting ' of the sun-ship by melko and the loss of the sun 's 'magic ' is referred to also in ( 4 ) , where it is added that urwendi fell into the sea and met her 'death ' .
and all i feel inside is complete and utter sadness , mourning the loss of what i so briefly had .
'his loss , ' andrew had said , trying to keep the delight out of his voice .
he 'd ordered his squire to bandage his chest , then forced himself to wait for enough regeneration to stem the blood loss .
gollum was in his boat again , paddling wildly back to the dark shore ; and such a rage of loss and suspicion was in his heart that no sword had any more terror for him .
what i have left behind i count now no loss ; needless baggage on the road it has proved .
i dragged him to his feet , leaving jamie rae to whimper in dreamy frustration at the loss of his warm , solid body , and pulled him around the rocks .
`` her loss ... '' he closed his eyes .
`` our first duty is to establish a secure peace with china , and our first hope must be to achieve it without the loss of temeraire 's strength ; on either score there can be no dispute . ''
but with madame lefoux indentured to the woolsey hive , alexia was at a loss as to how to locate an inventor capable of producing work of such complexity and delicacy , not to mention fashion .
so , too , would alexia , as the other vampires in their pain and loss would kill her outright , and baby primrose as well .
the bane could not immediately register his loss .
the loss of his hand , though it was n't his primary sword hand , would leave him vulnerable if he were to face a skilled opponent .
did he blame her for the loss of the other one ?
rare was the man who could release it without a sense of loss .
chapter 29 the loss of a hill `` focus attention on the fades ! ''
their warders charged up the hillside , screaming in rage at the loss of their aes sedai as they were cut down by blasts of the power .
according to the journal , his throat was almost completely torn out , leaving a huge gapping wound and massive blood loss . ''
`` i think lord loss was behind the attacks , '' bec says .
i resign myself to the loss of our leader .
he mourned the loss of contact when it fell away , but when she turned right , he found another excuse to touch her .
he keeps pressing and the blood loss is making me woozy .
still , he could n't stop the part of him that ached with loss .
his heart ached at the loss .
he was already aching from the loss of megeara .
even though they asked and paid for it , some women cried at the loss of their innocence .
he 'd regretted the loss of zephyra every day of his life .
what a wonderful way of looking at things , and it made her ache for his loss .
and it was his loss .
that there were people like sheridan and the senator who could love and who could cry over the loss of the child they 'd brought into the world .
it was n't until now that she fully understood what the loss of his childhood had meant for him .
he caught her when she fell against him , limp from the sudden loss of the unknown power .
it was as if his heart was so broken by the loss of melissa that he could n't bear the thought of spending even a minute with another woman , other than his own mama .
the sorcery expenditure and continued blood loss had debilitated lanthe , but she was in no way safe .
how was he coping with his feelings of loss ?
`` this is catarina loss .
forever does not make loss forgettable , only bearable .
`` catarina loss , '' bat said , by way of introduction .
`` there is that for which there can be no reparation-the loss of life sustained by shadowhunters and lycanthropes in battle , those who were torn from us by the infernal cup- '' `` that was sebastian morgenstern , not the courts , '' kaelie protested .
expected loss of human life is nominal , limited to those with heart disease or other disorders that might be susceptible to an electric pulse of that magnitude ... and currently those whose lives are dependent upon life-support systems . ''
`` the loss of innocence refers to carnal sin and it 's not like you have to do the deed to experience the pleasure of sin .
`` we 've both suffered terrible loss .
how would she take the loss of her best friend of seven hundred years ?
i felt the loss of her again , as if i 'd been kicked and i wanted to say out loud , `` old man , i avenged her , i slew the three assassins with the leader 's pick .
`` i ca n't tell you , '' i had said , feeling suddenly at a loss .
he felt closer to jim , immeasurably closer , and at a loss as to what to say .
which really was n't such a loss .
fiji felt greatly at a loss .
before max , she had never imagined that she would crave that level of vulnerability and loss of control .
i know what pain is , and loss .
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss , '' she said , and she held out the box .
so help me god , i will hunt you and the valkyrie over the earth - `` sebastian disappeared to the sound of the lykae 's roar - not of pain but of loss .
to tolerate this total loss of power ?
it is a dreadful sad wrench , i can tell you , to hear that a neat clipper with her hold packed full and three dozen men aboard has gone to the bottom of the ocean , to be gnawed by serpents , and a clear loss of twenty thousand pounds sterling . ''
if he had kept silent , either from affection or a sense of having received a confidence , or a more practical consideration of the damage the loss of two skilled captains and their beasts would do to the service , he would have felt a painful and bitter guilt at doing so .
he sounded bothered , and i stood , terrified , at a loss as to what to do .
glenn was outraged , sputtering at the loss of fingerprints .
`` i will give you space from my own rooms to compensate your loss , cyclarenadamackitn .
`` um , '' trent said , clearly at a loss .
his hands were gentle , but i was still grimacing when i looked up to find it was al , not quen , standing there-staring at us with the memory of his own loss so clear on him it hurt .
after watching mckell 's blood slowly fade from her hands , and battling a fierce urge to cry about its loss , blaming fatigue all the while , she closed her eyes and let her mind drift-away from mckell , back to mckell , away again , then curse that bastard , back again .
i growled at the loss .
already his body mourned the loss of her .
`` well , i 'm so sorry for your loss . ''
except for that loss of time . ''
he jerked to his feet , away from her , already mourning the loss of her taste .
chapter four lucien was at a loss as he escorted three human souls to the heavens later that night .
blood loss ultimately would weaken him , and he needed to be at top strength for the coming combat .
place her in danger or anger her to the point of total loss of self .
his eyes immediately mourned the loss of her .
`` speaking of memory loss ... i think it 's funny that you and scarlet met again . ''
he 'd held her in his lap , listened to her story of loss , had heard the heartbreak in her voice , and something inside him had broken .
nothing was worth the physical and mental torment that accompanied a loss , and paris was probably better than `` flipping amazing . ''
she 'd disappointed him with her loss , and she had no one but herself to blame .
he landed on the creaking boards with a hard slam and good loss of oxygen .
there was a communion of bodies , a complete loss of worry .
before her mind could fog from blood loss , she wilted into the ground .
i should try to help her with her loss , should act the way she wanted me to act , but ... i just could n't .
he was weakened from blood loss .
viktor had experienced loss .
`` and though i 'm very sorry for what you 've been through , for your loss , you 're not the only one who has a past filled with painful secrets . ''
so why would a college-educated , professional woman of twenty-six mourn the loss of a sadistic , mysterious billionaire who wanted to own and control her like an obedient pet ?
'oh , and what a loss that would be , ' he muttered dryly , rolling his eyes .
i 'd be at a loss where to put things . ''
`` i ... '' it was his turn to stammer and she found herself uncomfortable with his loss of control .
nate heard her soft mew of protest as he pulled out , something she did every time as if the loss of him tore an important part of her away .
the loss and the sorrow .
i was feeling hopeful until i felt the loss of a grip on my gown .
i have shared with him the loss you suffered and he sympathizes as he has suffered his own .
she did n't know what she felt now , just loss and bewilderment .
she felt a burning shame creeping up at her total loss of power .
`` readings , '' jack muttered again , sounding at a loss .
no , it was the absolute loss of control he felt in her presence .
besides , talking about the fact that lucas and i were apparently over before we 'd even started would have made the loss more real .
it felt empty , but i barely had time to process the loss .
it would n't be enough that he would mourn the loss of his friends .
if you leave me , my heart will mourn your loss for as long as i draw breath . ''
any loss of blood might weaken her .
you ca n't have mourned her loss . ''
it did n't seem possible that anything could be worth enduring such pain and loss .
but it was a nasty reminder of his loss of control .
santiago stiffened his spine , refusing to acknowledge the soul-deep loss that flickered through gaius 's eyes .
`` do not punish your own people for her loss ! ''
i wanted to just crumble and give in to the despair that i felt over the loss of four innocent lives , but even as tears flowed down my face , beyond the grief , what i felt was anger .
i was beginning to get dizzy from the blood loss .
the thought of suffering any more loss than we already had was tearing me apart .
as peter continued standing near the doorway , dealing with his hurt and loss as best as he could , i moved through the big room .
she was thinking of the loss of her own son who had died years ago .
although the good news , if there was any in this particular back-from-beyond scenario , was the memory loss .
because the message from the maker had been clear : the war was going to continue regardless of the loss .
that was when the loss of the war hit home .
too much loss in her vovo 's life .
jake imagined that such desert escapes were her way of coping with the loss of her father .
i knew what that kind of loss and loneliness felt like , and if there was anything i could do to stop anyone else from feeling that way , i would do it .
i could n't sit around and not do a damn thing when no matter what anyone else said , i knew their loss would be my fault .
i can tell he appreciates the support , but he is still wrestling to come to terms with the crisis resulting from that loss .
she had overheard a few fairies lamenting the loss of their darkened state .
it seemed a greater loss than the other one jasnah had given her , the book of endless pages , which had strangely been blank .
the kingdom needs to be strong enough to survive the loss of one man , no matter who . ''
roman seemed at a loss for a moment .
jason was at a loss .
just as it should be ; no loss of life beyond their own , no soul stained but hers .
`` i did not mean to remind you of your loss . ''
how can any of us know the heartache such a loss would create ?
people tend to assume minor cosmetic procedures over the summer , weight loss , gym membership .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , '' brahm said softly to ali .
`` what about blood loss ?
`` tonight we mourn the loss of one of our own .
i knew that what she was saying made sense , but i could n't help but feel a pang of loss and longing all the same .
maybe because i was suffering from the blood loss already .
pain stabbed through me at the loss of these last two pieces of my mother and my sister .
it was as if he had skipped the more natural , preliminary stages of confusion and annoyed authority entirely and gone straight to irrational loss of temper .
the loss of the acorn hit him pretty hard .
under the terms of your contract , your assets will be written off as a loss .
the loss of his talent had hit him hard , verity knew .
when it was over , cidra sat feeling dazed by the loss .
a child mourning the loss of everything familiar , a child 's fear of the unknown .
my breath puffed out , as if the loss of his attention left me deflated .
when he slid from me , i felt the loss keenly .
the cocktail was potent and made me want him all over again , but i knew that even though i felt strong , adam needed time to recover from the minor blood loss .
something besides the misery that always plagued him over the loss of amelia .
anterior abdominal stab wound , laceration to the right hepatic lobe , severe loss of blood , hemorrhagic shock .
ellison tasted her sadness-a mother 's loss , maria 's fury , her despair-and the will that drove her to live .
nothing but loss ? ''
if we ignore him , he can hit us at the keep , and the loss of life will be greater . ''
i should 've felt something more , a deeper sadness , a sense of loss , but i just stood there , numb .
that is one thing i prefer about the underground : the loss of self to your environment is almost as profound as orgasm or epiphany , your senses shattered , rippled , as fragmented and wide as the sky .
my vision began to get hazy , which might have been the blood loss catching up to me , because when i blinked next , we were out on the lawn .
it was bringing back all that failure and loss and pretty much making me want to curl up on my bed back at home .
i see now that she 's the one who tommy had gotten his lips from , but if the rest of her is beautiful , i ca n't tell , because her eyes are red and small from loss .
i turned back to granna , caught between anger and loss .
last week , when i had been incoherent from blood loss , i had n't taken a lucid perusal of him .
the sense of loss still flowing through me was unfathomable .
he knew a lot of vampires lived in the past , lamenting the loss of the eras they had known , but thorne was n't one of them .
at a loss for words , i could only nod .
i 'm not sure there 's any connection between your being pregnant and the loss of your powers .
confused and at a loss of what to do , i closed my eyes .
it was lucky i had income other than from the bar , i thought heavily , trying to concentrate on something besides her loss .
hoyt was at a loss to fill his free time , and jason was always up to something .
i tried to keep my mouth shut out of respect for his loss ; i was no stranger to mixed emotions myself .
an exclamation point on the whole awful evening of revisiting our loss ?
but if surreal did n't recover , her loss would leave scars on all of them .
that much decided , she settled in more comfortably , had julien bring her a plate of food and some coffee , and spent the rest of the journey considering how to turn this loss to her advantage .
a lucky break for her , but she wondered if the loss had come before or after the widow had worked on this house .
and he resented the loss because he 'd done nothing to deserve it .
kylie got tears in her eyes at the look of loss that passed on her mother 's face as she gazed at the man she loved so much so long ago .
in spite of the fact that della did n't know the victim , the heavy feeling of loss lodged in her chest .
but when it came time to pick the projectile-the thing we 'd actually use to break the spell-we were at a loss again .
`` if they leave , is it really such a loss ?
navarre house mourned her loss .
i was swamped by the sudden memories of the loss i 'd suffered a few months ago , before ethan had been brought back to me ... ... shakily , i handed the phone to my grandfather , then looked at noah , rose , and elena .
the shifters will feel better if we make this work , and it 's no great loss to any of us . ''
with the loss of all that you love , all that you want , all that you do n't even have the courage to hope for . ''
i will not be taking your lives away as payment for the loss of the scroll . ''
she felt the depth of his emotion , the near loss for each of them and the relief that they 'd survived .
so he was at something of a loss as to what to do with her .
he detailed the loss of the three squads to the warriors of the blood and ended with the inexplicable disappearance of the women .
but i was feeling the loss of your fae frequency and figured you might be experiencing something similar .
regardless of her feelings toward him , he would always represent the loss of that dream .
when she lived with beau , she had kept it tucked away as well because she had n't wanted to explain anything to him , to share the pain of her loss .
she sighed a little at the loss .
we 'd all been rather intimately involved with the family of cherek bear-shoulders , and we felt the sense of their loss more keenly than we had when other , perhaps more casual acquaintances died .
everything in medalia reminded us of our loss .
although the loss of property was enormous , the bulk of the people were saved .
`` a disfigured woman has little chance to attract lovers , and the loss of even an insincere one is most painful .
he knew that once he had cast it away , something very important would be gone from his life and that he would pass the remainder of his days with a vague sense of loss which might diminish with the passing of years , but would never wholly be gone .
the village of lattash is a part of him-so much a part that its loss is more than he can comprehend . ''
at first there was only the sense of uncountable years moving by like a vast sea of ponderously rolling clouds , and then , sharper than any knife , a feeling of endlessly repeated loss , of sorrow .
she could feel the agony that her loss had caused him , the torment that had plagued him endlessly .
he could not live through the loss of her life ; he could not keep his sanity if such a thing happened .
she would not survive his loss either .
she did not think she could survive the loss of everything again .
though she radiated loss and loneliness , he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her .
she did not know how to feel about the complete loss of control she had over herself around him , but in that moment she could n't bring herself to care .
braith 's shoulders sagged ; now that his adrenaline was n't pounding , and the threat had been removed , it took everything he had to stay on his feet as blood loss started to take its toll .
in spite of the application of the topical form of zenith , promoting fast healing , the blood loss , coupled with the tremendous drain on him from using teleportation , had sapped his energy .
let her use him to drive away the terror of their near loss .
there 's aids and death and rape and loss and it 's swamping me . ''
his skin appeared pale , and he was clearly weak from loss of blood .
i thought , from your memories , that xavier was the culprit behind the loss of our women and children , that it was his poisonous microbes in the soil . ''
he did n't like the idea of loss of control and i think we would have lost you then , but skyler is a woman and she is very close to the wolves .
simon might be missing from this century , but amber no longer felt the forbearing weight of loss she did when he 'd first stepped out of this time .
she wanted to add a very colorful expletive , but found herself at a loss .
but with the current state of the country , arthur could n't risk losing any of his highly trained knights to a simple jousting loss .
kritanu , though here , was grieving his nephew , and still reeling from the loss of aunt eustacia .
`` mansur and stanislaus realized too late that they were fighting demons , '' victoria said , her mind back on the loss of her comrades .
as mrs. withers , of course , the recent widow who seeks solace from the loss of her husband .
blood loss or not , he could still take keenan out .
the kiss with paci along with the loss of his hawk , nina , had maybe been too much for him to deal with .
i was still too far away to get there to help , and the loss of blood and earlier fight with dave had made it hard for me to go as fast as i wanted .
when his mouth lifted , she wanted to moan at the loss .
and he 'd been someone who understood loss .
jude 's internal wounds would already be healing and his body would be compensating for any blood loss .
when she 's gone , i drive through the roundabout , struck again by a sense of familiarity-and maybe a bit of loss .
`` no , '' i say , suddenly overcome with loss .
slipping her arms into her jacket , she fought off the chill she felt at the loss .
thoir chaporonos -- nino young adult graduatos of st. lucia 's -- were oach logally blind , moaning thoir contral visual acuity rated 20/200 or loss , though thoy had somo rosidual light porcoption .
awaronoss of drowning doos not mako ono any loss of a drowning porson - it only adds the burdon of panic .
it happoned now and thon but loss ofton than boforo .
the fae doctor who 'd been examining me and discussing various theories with his colleagues answered , `` it appears as if you 've suffered what we suspect is a temporary loss of vision brought on by the power surges you manifested and sent through your body .
i am at a loss as to why you would keep the old knives yet return the jewels-the knives have no value except to us-as heirlooms of our kingdom . ''
the grief over rene and greg 's loss was still fresh for me too , although franklin was gone as well unless merrill had talked him into allowing the turn .
there was no loss of pressure because they were n't actually in space , so the atmosphere of the ship remained stable , but he could tell that the coding had started to break down-he saw glitches and fading color and wavering edges .
for a moment stiv was at a loss .
why should i bear the loss ? ''
`` it will be collected ... but the loss of a few coins will never stay the harpy 's hand .
she looked at the bracelet , still in her hand , and felt loss .
as if having already sensed jai 's oncoming loss of control , red was a blur of movement , binding his arms around jai , holding him back .
he was usually so quick on the uptake , so ready with a plan , that tessa was more than a little unnerved at seeing him so at a loss .
looking away , i breathed a grateful sigh that the sensations were already fading , that horrible loss of an angel who 'd turned his back on heaven because he was angry at the way the powers-that-be let humanity suffer .
even rose , who was rarely at a loss for words , stood there gaping .
`` productivity is up eight percent in the three sectors where we implemented the change , '' haddon continued , `` with no apparent loss of quality . ''
a storm had moved through her , entirely impervious to her will , and the storm had been grief , unfathomable loss , and the full intensity of the remorse she 'd come to know so well .
i feel sparks of strength growing in me , pushing past the weakness of my blood loss and grief .
it also means he 's suffered the loss of a limb .
a total loss . ''
by that , i mean not only the land itself , with the slopes of noble fir trees where i spent my summers in tartary , and the great plains of the south , the flowing of rivers filled with fish , but also the loss of myself .
in any event , people in thompson 's ordinary heard the stramash and rushed out , whereupon the villains fled , leaving fergus somewhat bruised and most indignant at the loss of his hook , but otherwise unharmed , for which god and st. dismas ( he being fergus 's particular patron ) be thanked .
as a side result of the technical murder ( a very unpleasant person , and no great loss to humanity , i assure you ) , rollo was shot and injured ( beyond the superficial bullet wound , he has a broken scapula ; he should recover but ca n't be moved easily .
the loss of the gorget had cost him an unpleasant five-minute analysis of his character , dress , hygiene , and personal failings from clinton 's chief aide , captain duncan drummond , and a ten-shilling fine for being out of proper uniform .
on the other hand , i had a vivid understanding of exactly what jamie meant by `` drifting away '' and of the symptoms of severe blood loss .
for a second , i feel her trembling like a violin string , vibrating out a high note of fear and loss .
a shiver passed through me , as if that feeling of loss was a precursor to the cold emptiness i 'd feel when bo moved on to an eternity with someone else .
i did n't think i could survive that soul-crushing loss again .
a brief taste of his body only made it harder to bear the permanent loss of his love .
you have spared me a great loss .
ezio was silent , at a loss for words , but his expression told her everything .
there is loss here . '
and i feel her silence again , feel the yearning and the loss that i first felt out in the swamp a lifetime ago .
fitzgerald himself was no great loss .
he had functioned at a high level despite little sleepand the crushing loss of general jackson .
she stopped going after her father-in-law died ; she blamed god for both his loss and that of her husband .
in spite of my personal loss , i have too sensible a nature to deny assistance to such lovers as you and dean .
those eyes that raged with loss , blazed with regret .
she smoothed her hands down her only gown , mourning slightly the loss of all the others .
theres a trace of memory , of edward watching william struggle with a complicated case of a broken duty to keep a fence , it cost the loss of a pig .
eadie cried out in her loss and despair .
the deaths of her grandfather and grandmother in the gas chambers meant nothing to her , other than the sadness julia might still feel about their loss , or the way they died .
julias short note , scribbled hurriedly and mailed before she left for egypt , telling angie of her return , turned loose in angie a roiling sea of dichotomous pangs of joy and loss .
3dantes primary importance today is that he wrote in the florentine dialect , a variation on latin that had degenerated badly over the eight hundred years since the fall of the roman empire due to the loss of the written language .
`` i 'm very sorry for your loss - all of you , '' said miss foster , as she approached , one eye on the hutchinson 's , the other on the dirt mound covering lord hutchinson 's casket .
the priest seemed at a loss .
your remark about my great uncle thomas being such a sad loss to the village .
she had come to perros trying to keep gladness in her heart , wanting only to tell her father of her happinessbut now that she was here , standing above his grave , all joy was forgotten as her clouded vision flashed with a thousand memories , each poignant with the loss and grief of the knowledge that her father was gone forever .
an exchange of gunfire continued until both sides , thankfully without loss of life , realized the others identity and a truce was arranged .
krishna warned that this loss of honor could one day lead to the mixture of castes , and then the dharma of the universe , its necessary order , would be destroyed .
he fainted from loss of blood .
he would not let kate or any of the others feel too much loss .
there had been some loss of members that necessitated a cut back in staff .
the easy companionship shed always felt with allan , had always depended on , began to feel strained and awkward , and that loss grieved her as much as his actual departure .
i had braced myself for anger , recriminations , even renewed screamsin short , for my aunt to hold me to blame for the loss of her pearls .
the pain of suffocation by loss .
hasnt it softened our loss , our grief ?
he expressed his sympathies , telling them that he felt their loss very acutely .
otto is at a loss as to what to do next .
surely that was a loss to the colony , but he was just one of many players .
marcus lucius loss was irreplaceable , unrecoverable .
the rope jerked in mehis hands for loss of the two men .
her fathers temporary death , not to mention the loss of mankind and every morsel of her madagascar chocolates , began on a chilly november morning with the squeak of her refrigerator door downstairs .
he crumpled with exhaustion and loss .
he felt sorry for the remembered loss she was dealing with .
the loss of a life is an expensive price to pay for a lesson in manners .
jonas took the loss of clem very badly .
it would be counted as a loss , just as if they had died of exhaustion , heat , or dehydration .
alexander was glad for the victory , but sad for a great loss .
it was one more dolorous note in a time of sadness and loss .
bound by loss needing time alone with his grief , thal stuck to the solitude of his room .
nothing it is not , the loss of your temper was self-evident , and that could not be all that happened .
for whatever reason ; maybe it was her care for him , maybe it was the timing with the loss of victoria marie from his life , maybe it was her beauty , attraction , and obvious unfeigned and heartfelt interest that she had in him , nonetheless he knew .
suddenly , work , michael 's illness and the loss of jake overwhelmed her .
the results will be loss of affection from friends and loved ones .
carlotta felt a slight pain of loss as well as anticipation .
i am not worried about the loss , govind assured him , did you see any woman with him ?
im sorry for your loss , miss bell .
i didnt know she suffered so much , i wanted to believe that she was too young to feel the loss .
he had not expected to be on the losing side that day , and he was surprised by deschlers attitude to the loss .
furthermore , the loss of all four of their horses made it impossible for them to continue without assistance from the greys .
without these controls , mendel would have been at a loss to explain the behavior of his 'elements ' .
crying as only a mother who has just witnessed the loss of two children can cry .
`` my dear wife , please explain why we are attempting such folly , for even our articulate louisa jane was at a complete loss for words . ''
let the damn owner worry about the loss .
he seemed at a loss .
wondered peter , at a loss for the connection .
`` their loss is terrible , but we are a strong nation . ''
his loss of blood and infusion of alcohol rendered him light headed .
the proclamation was like a hammer blow to my wine addled , blood loss affected head .
he was heartbroken over the loss of his wife but never really bonded with you , his son .
although loss of vision is a common companion to growing older , along with white hairs and lined skin , yet treatment of this malady is not impossible ; the ancient physician galen , in his treatise on fluids , advised frequent blood-letting from the neck artery to relieve eye-strain .
coming on top of the loss of a master that he had served for goodness knows how long , what must he be feeling ?
de molay said bitterly and could say no more as he felt the loss of his brothers weigh heavily on his soul .
and although perrins offer to share the loss with huatt made his honesty seem more likely , it was a bit grudging , and might have been made to conceal his wrongdoing .
mr whittle himself seemed to have become reconciled to his loss , for i believe he still harboured hopes that somehow he would be able to arrange what he would call a good marriage for his daughter .
im sorry for that , david , the loss of your sister .
after all the loss and sadness , she found joy .
perhaps on cold winter days in the future -- days filled with loneliness and loss -- shed be able to take out the day shed spent with jase in the wondrous , mysterious hollow and chase away the emptiness inside her .
when he died a few moments later , seraina felt a great saddening within the weave ; a collective tremor that only occurred with the loss of one who had touched a great many .
ordinary awareness is one of the biggest mysteries of our age : scientists are totally baffled by the fact that humans enjoy inner experience along with their behavior , and are at a loss to explain the origin of this experience , although much progress has been made in explaining the behavior .
the loss serenity felt was also for the possibility of the future shed dare to hope for with sebastian .
the bats behavior turns increasingly violent , until they turn on each other , dying from blood loss due to their many wounds .
in without holly , a man tries to hold onto his own sanity as he deals with loss and loneliness during a zombie apocalypse .
the sudden loss of light left him in a complete , uneasing blackness , with his eyes taking several seconds to attribute themselves to the low street light feeding in through the far doors .
so it shall be until the great recorder sums me up and closes my ledger account with a balance to profit or loss .
the final two were much too disturbing to mention ; but it can be said that they reflected her pain and loss of life that had been brought on by the legendary , historic house .
we had no time to register the loss of our commanding officer .
kate stammered , completely at a loss .
i run the conversation back in my mind trying to find out where it went wrong , but i am at a loss .
it says only a woman who suffered great loss will truly accept me .
chuck was saddened by the loss .
they wanted his loss to have meaning and losing a limb in the war seemed to be the most meaningful way to suffer such a thing .
sorry for your loss , '' nathalia said , resting her hand on the girl 's shoulder .
angela hurried for nobody , and was never at a loss in the unlikely event she ever might be , im sure shed fake it so brilliantly nobody could claim to tell the difference .
the loss of meroe , believed by some scholars to be the birthplace of civilization , was what had convinced him there was no hope for the kingdom .
he was at a loss of what to really do to help rachel .
i suffered no loss of consciousness or terrible , gut-wrenching nausea as i 'd feared .
i have duties to address , but i had to let you know legacys services are not in jeopardy because of your loss .
she was at a loss .
he shrugged , at a loss for an explanation .
i turned to face him , our kind-of rescuer , at a loss for words .
i couldnt even begin to imagine what that night must have been like for them , mourning the loss of their protectors and running for their lives with no supplies or weapons .
the loss of maria and her return was one of the lowest and highest times of his life .
you were deeply hurt when i left the human plane because our connection was severed at the loss of life as you understood it .
he was never prepared for the emptiness , the loss of self , as his power drained from his battered body , leaching out , the air swirling around him , shimmering silver .
`` that may be true , '' cyrus whispered , `` but in that case , it is your loss , and yours alone .
`` i take it , josephine , that david is n't upset about the loss of his tinderbox book ? ''
she had n't told stefan , but with the loss of blood , she had to feed , and soon .
wow , duncan , ive never seen nikki at a loss for words .
it was an autoimmune condition in which there was a loss of pigmentation in the skin and hair .
we hate to see him go , but our loss is the lord 's gain . ''
his body began to shake , whether from the hunger or the cold or the blood loss , he didnt know .
in their own way , danniella realised , they would lament the loss of zachery .
or did it have to be a loss ?
but no matter how much starving , running , exercising , or weight loss programs participated in , i and all the rest like me are incapable of growing older , changing weight , or changing physical appearance .
what they did not realize , was that her failure was of an entirely different nature , a loss they no longer could comprehend .
i cant begin to tell you how sorry i am for your loss .
boyd made his way to my side and helped apply first aid as lilly began to slip in and out of consciousness from the loss of blood .
without a functional electrical grid , even with some cell towers up and functioning , anything close to normal cell phone volume would have made cell phones useless , but with the loss of life that had occurred in the last few days , normal volume was not an issue .
she finally said , okay , im at a loss to explain that , but i still dont think you have anything to be afraid of .
at a loss he found the same question .
... ... ... ... ... epilogue as for what happened next , well i 'm a bit at a loss to tell the truth .
i hope so much that she just has memory loss or amnesia or something .
everyone stared as she continued her rant , well at least he 's no loss !
from the start his opponent betrayed a baffling loss of skill .
carmen nodded feverishly at a loss for words ; that had been her very meaning .
brice transformed but he still couldnt break free without the agony and incredible blood loss .
he knew if she had been living now , she would see that boyish smile having become something tempered by pain and loss .
i went so far as to regret the loss of the animal , and to look about me , among the vile haunts which i now habitually frequented , for another pet of the same species , and of somewhat similar appearance , with which to supply its place .
i mean , he looked at a loss .
in a flash , all that had transpired last night came back to her and she felt that delicious pain of loss that is swept away by the relief of return .
for an entire year he had grieved and worried himself over her passing and fought hard to cope with her loss .
she wondered how long it would take for a husband in mourning to get over the loss of his wife .
he was at a loss for how they were expected to beat such an enemy , if the enemy wasnt afraid of dying , if the enemy kept coming mindlessly forward .
more zombies came , staggering on and over their fallen comrades , insensitive to the loss .
i cant pretend that its a loss .
he would mourn her loss when i was just dust in a grave .
he made all-conference in football again , won five and lost one during the baseball season ( the loss coming as the result of two errors and one unearned run ) , and made the third highest merit scholarship score in the school 's history .
then at lord loss .
perhaps lord loss is manipulating a lesser demon . ''
`` lord loss orchestrated the attack .
`` i do not , '' lord loss frowns .
`` lord loss gave me a pouch of poisoned powder .
the way of lord loss and demons .
it was shortly before bill-e turned into a werewolf , before dervish told me about the demonata and lord loss .
we cover all kinds of ground-my past , parents , gret , lord loss , the institute , life with dervish , bill-e changing into a werewolf , slawter .
i let the rage and loss fill me , and there was no lust , no desire , no love , that could win against such sorrow .
he blamed lord loss and bad luck , not you and grubbs .
`` but listen to shark and meera , heed their advice and contact me before you go running up against the likes of lord loss or the shadow . ''
if lord loss does n't turn up , we can match her .
`` but you love her , '' lord loss gasps with mock shock .
the trap lord loss set for grubbs .
`` it is pleasing to see you again after all these years , beranabus , '' lord loss finally says , breaking the heavy silence .
then looks at lord loss with an entirely new expression .
`` tell me what you are interested in , '' lord loss says .
`` do not be foolish , my swift-footed friend , '' lord loss says without warmth .
lord loss chuckles at art or cadaver , i 'm not sure which .
beranabus sighs , then squints at lord loss .
maybe lord loss burnt my eyes out of their sockets and it 's actually bright as day in here .
i asked dervish about them , but he did n't see lord loss or beranabus .
fix on lord loss .
which is broken by lord loss .
`` yet he did , '' lord loss says .
i found it almost impossible to believe , even though lord loss had warned me .
once the symptoms begin to manifest , usually as a loss of short-term memory , a clock begins to run .
the loss does not devalue the souvenirs , however ; when millinocket departs on the team bus , the visitors ' dugout is empty save for a few dixie cups and popsicle sticks .
i 'm sorry for your loss , and for giving you the news in such clumsy fashion .
nobody ever explained , or told you the story of lonely lord loss ? ''
`` i want to know what lord loss has to do with them , how you know gret had it , and how we reverse it in bill-e. '' dervish nods .
lord loss judged it an inadequate trade-off .
`` and so the contests commenced , two or three games per week - lord loss set the rate .
`` if they 'd called in the lambs and not gone to lord loss ... '' `` they 'd be alive . ''
`` lord loss is an accomplished player , and he 's had centuries to work on his game , but he has no supernatural advantage .
`` oh , but dervish , you wo n't win , '' lord loss says , his voice reverberating with gloominess .
he bellows again , as lord loss grins and takes one of dervish 's queens with a bishop .
`` come , '' lord loss says , tapping the middle board .
i ignored lord loss when he spoke of losing with dignity , but now i understand what he meant .
lord loss stares at me , astonished , then down at the board .
lord loss throws everything into smashing the three white irritants .
`` i won , '' i remark , carefully approaching my preoccupied uncle , wary of lord loss - he might have killed the rebellious vein , but i still do n't trust him .
but i wo n't ask anyone to face lord loss for me . ''
he had done pretty well with the book following the loss of his foot - during what annie so mincingly called his convalescent period .
the mitigating factors-my age , my subservient status , my bows to the doctor 's superior intellect and the maturity of his judgment-seemed insubstantial in the presence of malachi 's pain , his unutterable loss .
nothing makes us love something more than the loss of it-i think the monstrumologist would have agreed with that .
the loss to science ... to me personally ... and to you , of course ... to all humanity !
alan felt sadness , and loss , and a strange , cheated grief .
instead , she offered anna hesitant condolences on the loss of her ex-husband , wondering if miss manners had rules for handling such situations .
she felt the loss of the operators .
halfway through the operation he fainted and died of shock and blood loss in the lobby of toby harrah 's gambling casino , where he had attempted the operation .
his insane fury over the loss of his son had for the first time moderated into fear for himself , morgan saw .
the loss would be bad enough ; for the bags under his arms to simply melt away to nothing would probably make him think he really had gone mad .
`` i 'm awfully sorry for your loss . ''
it 's resulted in some superficial skin problems and some hair loss .
countless staid victorian pieces , stored since the loss of riverbend , came out of storage to fill the rooms .
he became aware that people had stopped complimenting him on his weight loss ; when had that started ?
'i 'm so sorry for your loss . '
we- '' `` was it lord loss ? ''
even if we find out that the attack in carcery vale has nothing to do with the demon assault at the hospital , that prae athim is n't working with lord loss , i have to try and stop her .
i never saw him again , and do n't count it any great loss .
she knew that aching loss firsthand and it reeked .
she was humiliated , terribly humiliated like she always is over any excess emotion , any loss of control , and she swallows half a bottle of aspirin , and goes to work like nothing happened .
belinda held his hand as he cried , and then , suddenly and unprofessionally , she hugged him , tightly , as if she could squeeze away the pain and the loss and the grief .
a coalition of scientists and terraforming specialists were screaming that the cascading processes were in danger , and that while the war would be over in a year or two , the loss of supplies would set the terraforming effort back generations .
there was a feeling of loss in that , but it was intellectual .
profit and loss comes later . ''
i would specifically like to commend captain toulouse marwick for his prompt and professional aid , without which we could not have managed this without considerable loss of life . ''
he said he was sorry she 'd suffered , but that it was almost over , that he 'd glimpsed the place where they were going , and there were no words for pain or loss there , and no past .
a total loss of contact .
rage at all the loss .
i was still angry , but in those last days i had become reconciled to my loss , had compartmentalized it so i would not withhold my affection from him .
i looked at the bird , suddenly at a loss for words .
but in `imp , ' as you ovidontly romombor , the accursed bottlo must be sold oach timo for loss than it was purchasod .
visiting this room usually holped oph fool loss alono in this accursed world .
oph had never soon a vampire willingly got that closo to silvor boforo - much loss tako a woapon into its hands .
`` well ... '' mcpherson seemed at a loss .
those who had inherited the right talked of moral decay , of illegal immigration , of the loss of traditional values .
ask the owner for access to the profit and loss statements for the past five years , along with the tax returns .
need another rematch to add to your sons loss column ?
a girl with big earrings the centre of his cosmos , her lighthouse disguising rocks , a sirens illumination no man could resist , the scraping of his keel as the loss of his oars , incidental to the kiss .
i would have missed you of course , but it would have helped me enormously to get over the loss .
similarly in his brain , a panorama of loss and hope and anguish .
`` once he became a constellation , the hunter soon recovered from his loss and spent the rest of eternity chasing the pleiades , seven beautiful nymphs in the constellation of taurus . ''
when he withdrew his cock , she cried out at the loss , begging for more .
now , being as many of you may be at a loss as to how you will fill the entertainment void left by the perfects rightful prohibition , i offer you an alternative .
as much as rico lamented his troubles finding venues to let him play , his life , for the most part , had been one free from sickness , heartbreak , and loss .
they faced the loss of the winery 's good name and that would certainly mean financial ruin .
grey had made a special study of the subject and come to the conclusion that the rate of loss followed the radioactive decay laws .
________________________ chapter thirty : prophets and loss the bible is a tale with two beginnings .
im so overwhelmed that your constant loss of voice has been cured , rupert , so overwhelmed with joy , i do wish there was some lucky person that was responsible for your cure , i should so love to reward them .
side effects may include ( as before a2 enacts the symptoms as they are read once a3 collapses a2 stands focused on the audience ) congestion , neck cricks , joint pain , and loss of toes .
they were doing a great service for him and us since god seemed to have a perpetual loss for words .
so she had too much time to ponder on her bad luck , on her loss , on her unsought though fabulous inheritance .
the neighbours dog got him in the end and while i accepted the loss quite well , finding enough forgiveness to continue sharing my jam sandwiches with him as i had always done , i was never entirely satisfied with the story of how palladium had got into their garden in the first place as i was saying though , customs .
personally i dont see the problem with the loss of one cooler .
im really proud of you guys , except for you stephanie , im sorry for your loss of matriarchy .
i grieved the loss of the love of my life , of the man that i had felt was quite certainly my soul mate .
the captains words and actions had abe and shorty at a complete loss .
the humans wouldnt be the wiser because the violence in the central land had been out of hand for so long the loss of wolves would be absorbed by the ranks of soldiers .
she thought of how upset her son will be over the loss of his binoculars .
garys first roll was a three , prompting a groan from the table and incurring a $ 100 loss for all of its participants .
in many cases they dont know you at all but you feel a loss in varying degrees because of a role they played , great or small , in your life .
even after he crossed back to the american position , and collapsed from loss of blood , no one fired .
also the mother 's corpse , but she was n't as much loss , not likely , anyway .
he tried to give you a normal life after the loss of your folks . ''
tommy smiled back at her , also to devastating effect , gale being as easily influenced by handsome men as men are by her , and said , `` temporary loss .
`` i see that as a partial loss , '' he blurted .
sorry about your loss .
then there was the limp from having his knee clobbered by a golf club and a loss of hearing thanks to a renegade power company scientist .
and as the agreement between agnar and i will be a legitimate transaction , angus mcsvensson would direct any wrath at the loss of the mine to his cousin and not towards me .
even though shed known it would be empty , she still felt the loss of evans warm body beside hers .
activist made a show of sorrow for the grievous loss of goat.activist , jared wilcox and spoke of how she was starting a hydrogen fuel cell initiative .
neither of the two had experienced loss in such a way , but he knew that his friend was young and daft at heart , and he knew that age old saying time is the greatest of healers was perhaps his only hope if he was ever to get ned back to the way he once was .
gwynne , struck as he was by his sisters abrupt loss of colour , was enormously relieved to learn that the plainclothes detective was here to arrest his sister instead .
personally , i think theyre selling the importance of weight loss to modern americans short .
`` the loss column is filled with mistakes and so is this team '' says chessi .
and then when i was at the proverbial loss for words , she laughed and said , relax you are so uptight right now .
fueled by pain and rage from the loss of his mate , hes itching for a fight , but one thing stands in his way , kitara : a beautiful dark-haired woman with unique psychic abilities and an unusual link to the saints .
why mourn the loss of jessie ?
her face was deeply etched with suffering and indescribable loss .
in fact , i see here not an abject loss of hope , but a form of nobility in suffering . ''
for two years i lived in loneliness at the loss of my father .
her father treated her mother then even more tenderly , comforting her for her loss , and this seemed appropriate for a while , but after several weeks , she wanted to shout at them and remind them that they still had her , and it hurt that she had to remind them of the joy they used to feel when they watched her play .
the woman cried on screen about her loss as the doctors consoled her .
lots of people have feelings of sadness , anger , despair , and helplessness after a tragic loss and get counseling .
my condolences on your loss .
had she been asked to detail her movements , from the time the austrian , karl , handed her over to a swiss named freiderich , until she arrived at the cte dazur and met the frenchman called simon , rachel would have been at a loss .
with minnie , who sent her a card , with sympathy for her loss .
mackintosh had stated in his report that the satellite 's reactor had failed , causing a terminal loss of power , but went only so far in explaining the orbital collapse , the spiralling in to earth .
little had he realized then that , with the responsibility of adulthood also came an inevitable loss of freedom .
for a second he confused the loss .
i am so sorry for your loss .
such a pittance for the loss of a father . ''
close up like this , rob observed how his friend 's ears had sprouted a rich growth of hair , presumably to offset the loss from his crown .
although her wounds from being smashed about on the rocks had been substantial and her loss of blood significant , it was exposure , hypothermia , which had killed her .
the loss of his prey was really a relief .
they still couldnt associate the flames that consumed the frame of the house with the loss of everything they owned .
why shouldnt the parent division sell its robots at a loss if it meant gaining a toehold in the prestigious american car market ?
all through the flight i had assumed they would be tears of terror and loss , but now i felt the floating soul next to my body snap back into place .
asaph kneeled beside me , his arm over me and the remaining crewmembers kneeled as well , mourning the loss .
i see you have come a long way from where you must have been a few months ago , following an agonising loss , but i see you crashing up against a great wall of defiance which , candidly , i think you have constructed yourself .
the loss of heather .
he had been a friendstill was a friend , a true friendbut it was a friendship that recalled her own little death , a friendship she had let fade lest her loss would become intolerable .
colin is getting weaker and weaker from loss of his blood if for no other reason .
for even the enjoyment of present pleasure is painful , since we already fear its loss .
when charles , momentarily at loss for words , didnt reply , melissa turned and left him standing in the kitchen , watching her head for my bedroom .
and i did , savoring every bite despite the sadness beneath , the loss to come .
im not , its a nervous habit , but i nod nonetheless , at a loss for words .
he had never known how to use it properly , so it did not strike him as the gravest loss he could incur at this point in this young brown life .
she could hear karl epple saying , in any case , our works of art were not sold at a loss in europe .
my belief that it is men from another world would not be proved , but i am at a loss to think of another possibility .
they had to do it sooner or later , especially since loss of a whole army unit ; nli was difficult to hide anyway .
a loss to posterity .
millport 's loss tonight booted them from state championships two games from finals .
what can offset her five years of loss ?
this was something that had brought mixed feelings within both kingdoms , many preferring to remain separate , believing unity would mean the loss of their identity .
`` such a loss of good fighting material , '' commented the commander although not yet knowing exactly what their fate was to be .
a tragic tale , i add to ashley , in reply to her curious look , about star-crossed lovers , madness , and loss .
he could n't focus on the loss .
it can be very hard to stay committed to a ( marriage ) partner when a person has been with his/her twin soul , because at the level of the self even in another relationship , the loss of the twin will be felt .
her gentle intonations conjured forgotten memories of an old form of happiness , before shadows of loss and sadness began to dampen even the best times .
`` i 'm quite at a loss what to do with you , mr. caldwell , '' she said with some stress .
not with sorrow so much as utter disbelief did beorn and cwen face astigans loss .
really blew a gasket , actuallyguess he couldnt ever deal with loss so hot .
it seemed trivial compared to the loss some of the other residents had experienced , but you do n't want to see any of your friends upset .
but now that it was time to part , the impending feeling of loss over rode our previous reflective mood .
helen searched for something to say , but for once found herself at a loss .
i know your terror , and i know your loss .
carlos and his family were celebrating the return of the hacienda to the rightful owners and , at the same time , mourning the loss of their son and brother .
he was at a loss as to what to do .
however , even mild cases , can later cause a serious eye disease called ocular histoplasmosis syndrome ( ohs ) , a leading cause of vision loss in americans ages 20 to 40 .
do you have any idea of the economic loss to india ? everything has come to a standstill , factories , schools , colleges , offices , transport .
i told her about juliska , my great love and later my great loss .
i only wish tom had known his own mind when the carpenters began , for there was the loss of half a day 's work about those side-doors .
surely the loss of his parents and brother and sister were as much the fault of the medicine man as it was his own .
he knew it then with a terrible certainty and sense of loss .
laura looked into toms eyes and didnt say a word and amanda saw it and was disappointed her mother didnt acknowledge his loss .
it was the musical thunder of loss .
and now look at us , now , look at what we are : scavengers , ducking in and out of the bloody mist of desert trenches making little ground for large loss .
jenkins said he felt for my loss but the war effort must continue and that my 'important work ' will go to making sure that we get revenge on the hun .
i was still mourning the loss of new york , nursing a deep , phantom ache i knew to be irrational but which i couldnt quite shake .
michael , however , who also understood loss , seemed somehow immune to the intensity of grief i was experiencing .
the amount of power stored in it is far more than any previous crystal , so the natural drain of energy constitutes a significant loss .
your previous matrices may stand to lose ground and this shall instill a sense of loss and void within .
how they run along together like train tracks , these paths of pleasure and loss .
but his thoughts darkened at the loss that followed a life that had promised so much happiness .
hugo was not religious and min had never confronted her parents with her loss of childhood faith knowing what their reaction would be .
she shares an unsettled glance with dhadhi , who shrug at a loss .
the twilight , the loss of a companion , the dull sound of splashing water from a nearby river and the echoing call of mountain birds returning home raised a strange sensation in me .
in fact , if not for his very implausible story , deacon storrs may have very well been left alone to mourn the loss of his twenty-nine year old , attractive wife in peace .
steve has no illusions at this point about any of what hes doing , that his chances of finding them improve , or their loss is somehow vindicated , or any of that nonsense .
she didnt realize that her flattening stomach was from the loss of ten pounds due to an exceptionally poor diet .
she would have been at a loss to give a deeper answer .
but a lap-dog would be at a loss to understand the adventures of doghood at large ; and gwendolen had no conception that derondas life could be determined by the historical destiny of the jews .
she smelled like i would never die , or grow old , or suffer loss .
that said , im at a loss to explain this extreme downturn .
their efforts would be at a loss as there were none that could match the radiance of my mother in all her splendor .
parents , siblings , cousins and aunts and uncles blinked in the media glare spotlighting their sudden loss .
it didnt bother sterling that sara once went out with some chess geek , who sterling could beat if he had really tried ( he didnt want to upset sara by doing so ) ; eventually the geek moved away ; sterling was left to console sara over her loss .
he recently got bushwhacked by a reference to zenos paradox , which caused him a grave loss of focus by giving him too much to think about , for which he had no ready answers .
she was at a loss for words .
when they realized the loss of hitler would effectively mean the end of the party , he seized the moment and announced he would return on the condition that he replace drexler as party chairman , with unlimited powers .
who was this once betrothed bride of christ who is now but all lump and bruise ... flesh torn into strips ... body punctured with still seeping wounds ... breasts savaged as if by a wild dog ... face bruised and swollen and black and blue and roughly disfigured with loss of eyebrows and eyelids ?
you mourned her loss .
offered in a minor key , the voices of the guard clear and strong and resonant , melody had no doubt that the words cried out in loss and grief .
if they do option to buy shares in the company at $ 10 and they exercise the option when it gets to $ 20 , that loss is deducted by the company , just as it would a salary .
now hed be stuck with it for a while , unless he wanted to take a loss .
daddy took advantage of mommas brief loss of focus , raised his shield and took a deep raspy breath .
after the medic moved on to lipscomb , who was turning pale from loss of blood , he quietly dismissed himself and found the livery .
bill egan returned to the arizona ranch in 74 still sorrowful over his loss .
but , matt wound up playing the entire second half , while powers split time with three other players in the teams heartbreaking three-point loss .
and over the years he had learned that he could hide almost anything , including fear , behind hearing loss .
perhaps it is even greater than the loss of a child , because even then you still have the memories .
that was a major loss , but i learned that the two most valuable books were n't with the others .
mitch shrugged , i have a lot of talents but im at a loss when it comes to decorating and such .
the conversation , company , and cleaning would have made up for any privacy loss .
she failed to add that another unpleasant defection had contributed to the loss .
the recent loss was inevitable , enough said .
we would rather just write off whatever our loss might be and never see mr. harrison again . ''
even if anthony ortega was a monster , i owed it to hilario to expose the killer , and was still dreading talking to his widow , seeing that look of loss in her eyes and being unable to offer a solution , unable to offer an answer that she could pass on to her child when he asks why his father is gone .
she woke to find herself crying for the loss darren , and she now knew , hundreds of others had suffered .
its loss caused much suffering amongst us .
her writing career began by writing operations training manuals for both corporate and franchise weight loss centers .
i was at a loss .
i shivered as i recalled what carmine said about making a girl die with excessive loss of blood .
people mourn in different ways , and sara had an unusual way of coping with the loss of the man she loved with all her heart shortly after the tragedy .
all the crying and the fake caring , and the usual sorry for your loss line , which always sounded so disingenious .
it was our loss because the four of us had a wonderful evening and i felt a little guilty when i turned the conversation to matthew .
adam nodded instead of chancing on making a verbal mess out of his loss for words .
then loss of speech .
until an official determination is made , we will proceed as though this is a covered loss .
i cant refinance because the lenders would never take the loss .
the average loss was 20 % .
after congratulating craig on a well-played match , pete sat alone on the bench slumped over in despair , realizing the significance of this loss .
he was stunned at the intensity of the anger and loss he felt just thinking about another man wooing callie .
id needed several months of therapy to overcome it , and id learned that it was a common reaction to loss of sight .
the loss to professor mathisons family , the university , the students , and to our community is profound .
nitrite causes a loss of tone of the vascular bed and pooling and trapping of blood in the veins of the lower extremities , resulting in marked arteriolar constriction and the induction of anoxemia in vital tissues , causing death .
for all her city ways , nettie really is at a loss when it comes to handling mundane everyday matters .
she worried that something was wrong with her and was at a loss of what to do about it .
`` morning was n't a total loss .
i 'm showing a fifteen-thousand-dollar loss from an investment last year .
i left him to his fate with amelia , only the smallest tug of regret haunting me over the loss of her sizable dowry , for certainly such involvement in criminal affairs would be my undoing .
he could smell her body wash from this close and see her eyes were blood shot from loss of sleep and staring at a screen for too long .
he could only feel the loss of his sisterthe one person in this world who cared about him had died .
the smoke was n't clouding my thinking i was just at a loss .
everything was going well now and i was so preoccupied with the mammoth task of bringing up a child that i had very little time to dwell on the loss of maggie and have the mourning time which id felt i needed .
the huey hovered with the sudden loss of weight , and the pilot let it happen , lest there be a landmine under the bird .
eyran 's loss is the main focus .
there had been a great-aunt that had died , and eleanor had made a big fuss over explaining that she was in a better place , but chelsea had barely known her , so it was n't much of a loss really .
the blood loss had been too dramatic .
`` look , son , i 'm sorry for your loss .
too , love something conversely means fearing its loss .
they could care less if tom was still mourning the loss of his father .
i am very sorry for your loss .
i may end up working disaster detail for the claims department , taking loss reports .
she was handling this as a straight fire loss , but some things have turned up that made her think it might not be that simple .
father said hed even been promised his own sword , too , so it was a double loss for him .
she had seen him in the following days and months as he mourned the loss of a favorite student .
they can be killed off without risking the loss of a sequel .
a lot of blood loss .
oh dear , im sorry for your loss .
we wont and as soon as we get back , ill speak with grant about reuniting with his son and not shutting out the rest of his family in trying to deal with this new loss .
the suspect blew himself up in the middle of the sidewalk in front of the recruiting station , but by some miracle no one else got it bad , only some minor flesh wounds and some shock , what looks like temporary hearing loss in a few pedestrians .
we could always wait it out , but we all know that means more loss of innocent life .
the aching of loss caused by his daughter 's death had risen within him again , and the thought of chrissy in possible danger had turned into a haunting fear .
staring out the window at the grey sky , perhaps it was only reflecting the sense of despair and loss he had begun to feel all over again .
no great loss , if it was the job at embys surgery , said cosmo , and i thought i saw meaningful glances exchanged between mother and son .
he gave me a copy of last year 's balance sheet and profit & loss account , together with some supporting documentation .
all my thoughts go to you and your daughter for this sudden loss and i know that the death of isaak has cast sorrow into this home .
humans felt sadness , loss , a sense of protection over their offspring .
so i join you in recognizing his contributions and mourning his loss .
the loss that has come upon everyone in this room is deeply felt .
at a loss as to what to say next , she pushed the menu back to me .
i reached back outside the door , found it and flipped it on , suddenly enraged at the loss of liberty for the residents of the rooms .
i suppose he played on the loss of his kid , knowing im a sucker for a bloody sob story .
chase was at a loss .
but , a part of him did , in fact , want to get over the loss .
you and detective sanchez will probably get off with a suspension and loss of pay .
the love must have gone elsewhere at some stage in the marriage , because right now , she did not seem to be too broken-up by her recent loss .
im very sorry for your loss , sir .
imagine the loss of trust the company will suffer when it suddenly takes some , but not all , planes out of service shortly after a fatal crash and then puts them back in service , saying there was never anything wrong with them in the first place , which is , after all , the likely outcome ?
slowly and with an heir of loss we made our way home .
`` my condolences for his loss , '' i said .
he could cut the phone and blame it on a loss of signal , but he doesnt .
im at a loss as to motive , but opportunity and means are there .
there was something inherently regal in her manner of coping with the tragedy ; it was she who was providing reassurance to the awkward mourners by appropriate comments for those who were at a loss for the proper words .
the loss hurt me so much , that i considered quitting the force , but friends eventually talked me out of it .
when asked about what he anticipates for the future , he states that this depends on variables he has no control over , how long he will spend in prison , money , uncertainty on how he will earn money in the future , since he anticipates loss ofhis medical license .
terrance always experienced a sense of loss whenever he and jess parted .
she was doing well and he spent a few hours talking with her about the loss of loved ones and getting on with life .
she was not mended , she would always have the scar of her loss , but in that moment she knew happiness once more and felt rejuvenated , as if she too had been born that day .
he loved his family more than anything and was shattered by the loss of three of four daughters and then his wife .
i know youre upset at the loss of your girlfriend but you cant go around butting into an official investigation .
`` i 'm sorry about your loss , '' charlie said automatically .
`` yes , it must be , '' i said , pretty much at a loss as to how to carry my end of the conversation .
he added , `` i 'm at a loss for what to offer you .
not really marseaux 's fault , but the drug lord owed favors and his loss in this would balance out another debt .
maybe the loss of her body had n't destroyed her completely , but it had weakened her .
memory loss , blackouts ... ? ''
`` anita said she was sorry for your loss ; is n't your wife who you lost ? ''
the loss of her sibling had left her drifting , searching for a new identity when her old one had been shaken at its core .
`` quite a loss . ''
peering over his reading glasses , with his eyebrows arched in disbelief , he said , `` a loss of $ 300,000 ! ''
when she left patrol duty to become a criminal inspector , it was a great loss to uppsala street safety .
`` you must have worked four to midnight , '' i said , pretty much at a loss for conversation topics .
he was more likely to make a loss than if he tried his hand at gambling .
for perhaps the first time in her life , shauna was at a loss for words .
the loss of her computer was depressing but not disastrous .
in movies , it was always the kids who were , a la old yeller and its subsequent ripoffs , devastated by the loss of a pet .
i 'm very sorry for your loss . ''
electro-serve and micro ware , will immediately result in the loss of thirty thousand jobs .
he scanned the room , at a loss as to what to do next .
it 's not cavemanlike to want her to deal with the loss instead of burying her emotions in work . ''
i 'd cried for the loss of someone i 'd just met , someone who 'd nevertheless saved my life a dozen times by then .
as if not sleeping with him was some great loss .
head trauma , blood loss .
zane stared up at ty , at a loss for a long moment .
zane shook his head , at a loss .
this was because witnessing loss was impossible to get used to .
my mom , slower , unfolded out of the car , her eyes on my house , her face not communicating hideous loss like my dad 's but registering dislike .
i started walking to the door at a loss for what to say .
the loss of his body felt like a cold slap .
his loss , '' i said gently .
i felt that sense of `` lost '' and loss , so much so now that i suspected his wife was nearby .
after the loss of her mother , her father had hovered over her , kept her close , seldom out of his sight .
sam remembered the years following the loss of his parents .
in his face , she saw the mix of joy and loss .
despite her terror , a part of her feared the loss of all her hard work .
there were even a few weeds , which touched a well of loss she had n't known was so deep .
`` if it was ever there , '' vigor said , weak from blood loss .
it represented loss without a name , a life laid down in service to the country .
after the loss of her husband , monk , she 'd been adrift for many weeks .
painter could only imagine the pain of his loss , followed by such a betrayal , but at the moment painter did n't need someone flying off half-cocked .
the last dna sequencing showed significant pna loss in the child .
some people got sick if they were exposed too long to power lines or cellular towers , showing symptoms of headache , fatigue , tinnitus , even memory loss .
bobbie felt a pang of remorse for the loss of her faithful old suit .
eight people had been arrested in connection with the pressure loss on the tube system and were being actively questioned about the bomb in salton .
cutter searched inwardly to judge how he felt about this loss , but he discovered no strong emotional response .
and memory loss can be a natural defense mechanism to protect us from psychological damage .
snowbound forthcoming june 2010 from minotaur books description : for will innis and his daughter , devlin , the loss was catastrophic .
when they finally break , he will have no means by which to stop the loss of blood flow to his hands .
emma and max made his loss jagged , new .
and i ca n't afford the loss of two weeks ' pay .
the weight loss told him that much .
he had already seen too much loss in his life , knew he could n't bear the answer if it was no .
he 'd been doing well lately , adjusting to the loss of raelynn .
but the confusion and loss she felt now brought a fresh flood of tears .
she wondered what he 'd been like before the loss , the bitterness , the life-altering decisions .
he 'd attempted to turn it into a casual statement , but rod sensed that the breakdown of bruce 's marriage was hurting him almost as badly as the loss of his son .
five years of loss to pay race back for , and it did n't seem to matter that he was buck naked .
the entire crime scene reflects a loss of control . ''
evidently archer was equally at a loss for words .
`` everyone handles this kind of loss in a different way , ma'am , '' was the response .
so long ago , and still the loss cut her deeply .
`` i 've never seen you at a loss for words before . ''
she felt both the good -like making love with ty and renewing friendships and making new ones-as well as the bad -the fear of her uncle and the loss of her parents .
`` wow , a doctor , '' kane finally said , still at a loss for words .
`` memory loss is common after rohypnol ingestion , '' dante explained .
michael was at a complete loss for words .
he could sustain a great many things , but not the loss of her .
sorry for your loss , '' she said .
so she 'd come in here , where last night she 'd seen jimmy holding katie 's pillow to his face , breathing her in , and she 'd opened the windows to clear the room of the musty scent of loss .
she became an insomniac , suffered drastic weight loss , and rarely spoke as much as a full sentence on any given day .
and then he remembered this train did n't run past manhattan , only albany , but he still felt a loss .
the article claimed the building was a total loss .
by refusing to celebrate , it put all the focus on my loss instead of my life .
without chyna , lexi desperately felt the loss of close friends .
he slid his fingers out and she whimpered at the loss of pressure .
the butterfly was explained to not only represent the deceased , who in their ultimate transformation changed from their human body to the eternal soul bound for heavenly bliss , but also the bereaved , who struggled to deal with loss and unwelcomed life-altering adjustments .
our first time should n't happen after i spent the day mourning the loss of my father .
seeing bethy buckled over , sobbing at his loss , made me realize that kind of pain would be unbearable .
< br/ > i sighed and hoped my mom would n't have to hear too much about it , that people would be kind to her over her loss .
we had worked hard to overcome our loss , even going to therapy a few times to talk about things that were still painful .
felt a tug deep in her heart at the loss of his warmth around her , inside her .
and i 'm tired of mourning the loss of a beautiful , f**ked-up man who haunts my thoughts everywhere i go .
so much loss in one place .
i nearly whimpered at the loss of his touch .
could i handle that kind of loss ?
for too long the loss had weighed him down .
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss , celia . ''
god , gage , i knew you had a healthy appetite , but i thought you 'd at least mourn my loss for a while .
they would n't know the utter devastation of betrayal and the loss of self that ensued .
he seems at a loss for words .
the loss of calloway couture will hurt me , but knowing that i ruined someone else 's dream-that 's unforgivable .
scary because of the fear of loss .
i felt really alone for the first time in a long time and the loss of my twin was really pressing down heavily on me .
my heart squeezed in painful loss .
i was responsible for the loss of more than one life ; i was n't good enough for a woman like scarlett , but she made me want to be the person she deserved .
their loss was very hard on matt .
i wanted to tell him it was okay to live his life , to have days that were n't weighted by her loss , but i 'd feel like a hypocrite if i did .
i mourned the loss of my second home , a city that was so opposite from where i was from , but filled my heart in much the same way .
i mean , after a suitable time has passed , during which i will grieve for your loss and also curse your existence ? ''
then without warning , that loss of control takes over and he 's kissing me violently .
instead of grieving with my children , comforting them and being there to help them through their loss , i pushed them away completely and threw myself into my work .
with every loss , jett requested that i remove one piece of clothing , and with every protective layer removed , his smug grin widened .
there was so much loss for everyone that we all clung to each other for one reason or another .
`` oh , '' i say , at a loss for words .
dom slapped the car affectionately and i felt a funny little pang in my gut for the loss of jose .
you would have to prove that your character was defamed , by say , a loss of job or income due to the things she said . ''
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss , '' i say .
as i mourned their loss , i was interrupted by a four-wheeler 's lights meandering down the snow-covered dirt drive .
i felt a split-second of loss that he had n't held his hand out for me .
that made me think of tristan , and how , if i was feeling this unendurable , overwhelming pain at the loss of jared , i could n't even imagine what he must be going through .
i laid there , and felt as though my very soul seeped out of me with that loss .
but i recognized grief and loss and sorrow and pain .
i felt him slide out of me and i could n't help the mewl sound that i made at the loss of him .
i worked for hours , becoming utterly absorbed in that image of him , that picture of an outrageously beautiful child with the sorrow of loss and the weight of the world on his shoulders .
i was at a complete loss as to what to do .
the man did n't respond , just staring at the complete loss of his life 's work .
and then josie 's own inner loss of control would begin its lonely process .
calculated loss was the cornerstone of his success , especially at his casinos .
`` naked and alll ... '' my hand waved since i was at a loss for words .
the rage that was inside him about things he could not change , and the fact that he would n't let himself grieve over the loss of his parents , had me fearing he was ruined .
`` you 've had so much death and loss that you just want a little life in you . ''
between the tense moments during seven minutes of heaven to his accidental but steamy caress after i took a tumble off the trellis , i 'm totally at a loss .
for her ... for me maybe ... for the loss of what could have been if she 'd just stayed .
each of us felt the loss of my father everywhere .
the loss of this season stung , and the idea that i might not get to sail with cora next year only made it worse .
all i could hear were the tightness in his voice and the loss and pain that echoed through in the pauses between his words .
staffan had lost a child , too , and whatever their differences may be , it did not stop silver from seeing that staffan felt the loss just as deeply as saffi did .
here i was mourning the loss of my relationship and i got tingles from my friend .
she looked at a loss for words ; i had to pull her closer and then kiss her forehead .
i saw the pictures and even then i felt an indescribable loss .
he 's known pain and loss and anger , just as i have .
`` marcus , i ... '' at a loss for words , she lightly shook her head , in an attempt to clear her mind .
without it he suddenly seemed at a loss for words .
before i could protest the loss of his hands on my core , he licked along the lips of my vagina .
i take advantage of her loss for words .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , jack .
i 've had a lot of loss .
i 'd never seen him at a loss for words , so that was a first .
i threw up my hands , not angry at my friend but at a loss for answers .
i pulled out of brynne slowly , relishing even that final slide of sensation , feeling the pang of loss because it was so good being inside her .
i had n't realized just how much his love and support had protected me until i experienced the loss of it .
i was at a loss , and i was n't handling it well .
it was a glorious loss of control , it was valentine roth giving in and abandoning all hold on himself .
her memory loss is disconcerting , however .
he obviously understood loss , fear , fighting against things unseen .
utterly at a loss for what they 're both doing here , i step aside to let them in .
i listen , numb , while elan relays a story to me about his parents and how they lost a baby-a baby meant to be his younger sister-when she was just a newborn , and how the loss was so devastating , so tragic that they never recovered .
this would explain her being out of touch , and the weight loss that , though subtle , was still noticeable to me .
i had mourned the loss of him as my body was pummeled .
the magnitude of what had just happened went beyond the loss of life .
could my sudden loss of ability have anything to do with the lilin ?
`` you do look ... different , '' i said , at a loss for what to say .
six jane doe now `` a psychological amnesia with a global loss . ''
`` if we blow up an old bridge-for real-instead of using cgi , '' he said , referring to the computer graphic interface used to render many hollywood special effects , `` we could recoup the loss . ''
too much pain lodged beneath his ribs-the loss of his friends , his team .
and before i was allowed to mourn the loss of it , i had gotten a phone call letting me know my best friend was falling apart .
`` you 're loss , '' i tossed out as i ran my fingers through my hair .
though i can tell she 's lost some weight and she was already too skinny , '' ruby rambled and i felt the guilt for the possibility that i had anything to do with maggie 's weight loss .
his eyes swal owed me , drawing me deeper into his soul , his beautiful soul that held so much sorrow and so much loss .
it coiled as misery and loss in the pit of my stomach and erupted as anguish from my mouth .
`` whatever ... your loss . ''
every emotion i 'd ever experienced boiled just under the surface-the love , the hate , the fear , the loss , and most of all , the betrayal- the turmoil within causing my body to tremble with rage .
but the loss of this breath was not pain as it used to be .
i hope to god your dick does n't fall off , but , if it did , i would n't call it a loss .
`` totally wrecked forever because i 've been mourning the loss of my best friend for five damn years only to find out he 's very much alive and suddenly wanting to play the white knight ? ''
`` good one , must be losing your touch with all that blood loss . ''
`` the memory loss should be temporary , but- '' `` but what , doctor ? ''
but on a mission to treze , everything went south , and i was blamed for the failure and loss of life .
`` rob does n't want to sell the family company , but they are looking at a net loss of another $ 300 million this year and they have seen shares drop by 75 % .
it said `` one breath , one step , one day at a time ... '' little did i know how appropriate this phrase was going to be for all of us as we dealt with this unimaginable loss and went on with our lives like nothing had changed when , in fact , everything had .
i heard `` insurgents '' and `` loss of life '' and my brain went haywire .
i could n't get the girl , the horrible loss from yesterday , out of my mind .
`` the funny thing is , i understand all about loss .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , reeve , but what does that have to do with me or with bax ? ''
like the loss of my memory .
i knew i loved him , but was afraid to say it back , afraid to open my heart up to someone else like that , afraid i 'd lose him , afraid i 'd never be able to endure the pain of loss all over again .
i reckon that 's how you had to deal with her loss , but that ai n't how i do things .
i did n't have time to express my own feelings when she was there , suffering from the greatest loss of her life .
`` her loss was our gain . ''
she saw my pain , my regret , and my loss .
he 'd seen shit and done shit , but the loss of his baby girl had hollowed him out .
he opened his mouth and closed it , seeming to be at a loss for words .
this time they came together , his hardest thrusts timing perfectly with her loss of control .
she had n't known allie nearly as well as i had , but she felt the loss .
i brace my hands on her knees , and i 'm at a loss with her .
and even if she does n't want to admit it , i know that the loss of her mom when she was so young has a lot to do with her avoiding any type of relationship with people .
we were quiet for a moment , seemingly at a loss for words .
realizing that our nightmare may now be over , but the heartache and loss has just begun .
it got me through the loss and the hurt , and helped me put aside the guilt i felt for willing my miscarriage to happen .
`` your loss was my gain that night , '' g.r .
with the loss of the memories , i lose a part of myself , but the rest of me strengthens .
blamed himself for their loss .
i feel a sense of loss because he did n't stop .
i had n't expected it to go this smoothly , so i 'm temporarily at a loss for words .
he 'd never seen anyone so violently ill. candi leaned forward and patted him on the back , clearly at a loss .
he blinks at me , at a total loss , then runs his hands through his hair , and his anger becomes bewilderment .
i was at a total loss .
even though i 'd known it was coming , nothing prepared me for the loss i felt .
`` that was a loss of control , '' i whispered , still languid and dazed .
yet no matter how silly it makes you feel , every time you make a decision to take that different road , you ca n't help that instant of questioning if your choice will end in loss . ''
the teacher glares at me , but does n't seem at all surprised by the loss of everyone 's attention to me .
i could n't make sense of these things or their value to me , when every one of them was linked to the loss of something i did n't want to lose .
everything throbs and the exhaustion is enough to cause a loss of consciousness .
hardy was at a loss .
there is pain and loss and a future without my father .
my pride has been wounded , my heart has been kicked around a little and my self-esteem has taken a hit or two , but all that 's like child 's play in light of what the loss of cash could do to me .
i feel the loss of his touch like ice on my skin .
the crowd sighed with him at the loss of a friend .
i 'm at a total loss for words .
he gapes at me , for once in his life at a loss for words .
sensing the loss , jake popped open his eyes .
`` i feel nauseous at times and have a loss of appetite .
i 'd never had a pleasure pal , so i was totally at a loss about what to ask next .
instead they make me feel drunk with desire and i find myself staring back at him at a loss for words .
`` it 's her loss if she does n't forgive you , because you 're totally worth forgiving . ''
a tear fell down alexander 's face , weeping for the loss of his best friend all those years ago .
sure , i would mourn the loss of all that long , glorious hair , but i 'd rather mourn it than not have her .
i felt a loss of control so complete , a surrender so honest that it became a luxurious indulgence .
she shook her hands as if she was at a loss for words .
i plastered my front to the side of gray 's back and stared down at my brother , completely at a loss of what to do .
and celeste was at the same loss as sam and i were as to what to do about it .
make the f**kin ' call , '' tack clipped and at his loss of patience , everyone in the room shifted .
i 'd felt loss before .
`` you 've suffered a grave loss , '' she reminded me quietly .
shania also spent a great deal of time sobbing , exclaiming about what a loss wild , crazy , full of life neeta was to the world and generally sucking all of the attention she could get .
the loss was too much to bear in the dark before dawn .
we were both victims of cause and effect-pawns in a game of happiness and loss .
she 'd lost so much in her short life , and he could n't imagine causing her any more loss .
their loss hit james straight in the chest .
i could n't bring myself to drink as i hated the loss of control .
she 'd never been more at a loss for reasons to love herself than at that awful moment .
the loss of his heat , of his touch , felt like ramming straight into an iceberg .
obviously , he had dealt with that loss .
and he knew that now he 'd never survive the loss .
someone whose loss could destroy her .
i could not even begin to fathom her loss .
vince 's pain over isabel 's loss was almost palpable when vince cracked open that box .
at a loss as to what to do with the guys , suzanne had jonas writing a guest list for his family and the rest of them competing to see who could download better bridal shower games on their blackberrys .
birds sang outside , babies cooed inside , and she had survived both the loss of her father and the first man she could have seen herself actually marrying .
at a loss for words , riley remained silent .
of course he 'd had to end the kiss to speak , and i whimpered at the loss of contact .
`` i 'm ... at a loss , '' he said .
because home represented roman 's greatest fear-pain , rejection , loss .
at a loss for words , she searched her brain for something reassuring to say , but holly shot to her feet , looking mortified .
`` miss deville , we aim for healthy loss and toning .
`` i have n't threatened them with the loss of important body parts if that 's what you 're wondering .
she was seriously fuming , leaving me at a total loss .
he swears under his breath and backs away , and i gasp at the loss of his heat on my cold shoulders .
it makes you very vulnerable to loss .
the thing i 'd shared most with my uncle was our love of art , and the knowledge that all these wonderful paintings were going to go away only made the pain from jahn 's loss that much more brutal .
anger , loss , fear , denial , hope .
i blinked very slowly , at a loss .
bianca paused for a long moment , clearly at a loss .
a soft whimper of loss vibrated niall 's throat when vic pulled his still ample sex from her hungry mouth .
it felt fantastic ... and yet she 'd never hated her loss of control more .
the loss of contact with her lithe , eager body was a cold glass of ice water thrown in his face .
a mixture of loss , sadness , and regret , it was in everything i said to her .
the roads they 've traveled have been paved with hardship , loss , and tragedy .
i 'm sorry for your loss . ''
he was sort of at a loss , now .
who am i to judge how someone deals with the loss of their father ?
when she finally broke the kiss , i felt the loss instantly , but her attention went to the side of my neck , and that was pretty damn okay , too .
i mourn the loss of his touch .
sophie steps back away from me , the loss of her touch unwelcome and unwanted .
i 've accepted that elan and i are through , but i never wanted my son to suffer this loss .
ronin stared after her , hoping he did n't freak out from the loss of control .
it helped a little that she looked equally regretful at the loss of contact .
as sad as i was for daniel 's loss , i was unmistakably grateful for my own .
`` and you told me you hated that shirt anyway , so no big loss . ''
at a loss of how to deal with his reaction to their economic disparity , she retreated to the opposite sitting area .
i hate that we 've both dealt with sadness and loss , but i love i have you to talk to about it .
and because cooking had been such a big part of what 'd defined her , they 'd kept her loss of skills to themselves .
a life filled with loss and tragedy had long ago turned me away from asking for miracles .
the weight loss had hit her every place but there , and beau massaged her backside like an old friend .
surely over time i wo n't feel this loss and uncertainty , will i ?
edgar was at a loss as to how to keep her from drowning in her own blood , and that feeling of helplessness quickened his step .
i must say that im terribly sorry for your loss , franz said sincerely to her before he and carl left .
that many people have felt the pain of loss simply for being born with a certain skin color .
he headed to the bar , and i realized for the first time in years i felt shy and at a loss for words .
memory loss is not normally a symptom of narcolepsy . ''
ceinwen yanked it so fiercely that it flew over her head and back onto the lawn below landing harmlessly beside two teachers who , for want of anything better to do , were mourning the loss of a fellow traveller .
i paused , took a deep breath in as if i was getting ready to answer her question and then i let it out at a loss for words .
he said hed found out about my job loss from his dad , and he wanted to know why i hadnt asked him for help .
she glances at me and then back at holly , at a loss for words .
so i was at a loss .
matt was also at a loss .
her familys loss is richmonds gain , and they let her know it .
i wont cause you that kind of loss !
the meeting with commander wallis was fraught with sadness at the loss of their men and bitterness at the traitor in camp .
to confess to her horrible , horrible blunder would bring humiliation and scorn to herself , and possibly loss of employment for her aunt .
first , let me say how sorry i am for your loss .
hed already experienced the loss of a significant other .
the primeval definition of gain in terms of negation of loss influenced the concept of joys defined in terms of pains .
the pain of his loss exploded into anger , and the anger was fed by years of resentment and bitterness .
therefore the rest of the day was just going to be at a loss .
neither he nor his mother could comprehend the loss , which they had viewed from radically different perspectives .
i felt a pang at the loss of warmth .
she fiddled with the napkin in her lap , suddenly at a loss for words .
but what about the hair loss ?
he coughed , tired from the blood loss , his injuries weakening him , though hed never show weakness in front of anyone .
tears were still flowing , thinking of the loss of her one true lovewindom .
we blame the eavesdropper reportedly some highlander we managed to put down on a permanent basis after it came out that he was fluent in hammarabbi for the loss of our companions .
at a loss for a response , kali said nothing .
she thinks that not being physically-active is a loss ; that youre not complete without sports or dancing or whatever .
yet , there were times when the kingdom was at war , or maybe at loss at having enough to happily and adequately support the people , in spite of taxation .
adrian choked back his tears and thought of his friend , whom had suffered the greatest loss of them all by her death .
you see , after levi informed me about his familys loss , i feel obligated to pay them a visit .
symptom number two : loss of appetite .
today was the first day tatum had really heard milligan talk honestly about his loss .
she feigned hearing loss on most occasions and was sarcastic the rest of the time .
well , now you know more about what i miss , even if you cant really understand how i come to feel this yearning and loss .
what could she say to sara , after a loss of such magnitude ?
he pulled me close to his chest , made all of the appropriate shushing noises as my silent tears grew to sobs , expanded into great , gasping torrents of loss .
im staring at karris mom , and im suddenly at a loss for words .
is it too soon after the loss of your husband to be considering a replacement ?
jessica knew she should be tied in knots over her loss of memory .
years of heartache and loss rang in his words .
after wednesdays loss to calgary , how are you hoping to bounce back against san jose tomorrow ?
and then theres that dress ) guillaume robbe hallelujah ( piano cover ) ( a special song for jona ) wall.e soundtrack define dancing ( the wingbeat of a bird stretched to eternity ) jervy hou a breathtaking piano piece ( truths , lies , confessions , loss ) lindsey stirling elements ( run .
damn it , the blood loss .
emily was at a loss on how to respond .
i hear stuff about internal injuries and blood loss and then some questions directed at me .
michelle lam , author of the accidental prophetess dreams for stones scheduled for re-release in 2015 indie next generation book award finalist poignant and haunting , dreams for stones is a story of loss and second chances .
he learned that loss affects people in different ways and how circumstances impact people .
even not knowing the full truth in this matter , did you really think that he was going to sit by and take such a loss ?
when he found me i was stark-naked , battered , and pale as the moon from loss of blood rushing from the lashes blanketing my poor person .
in the second place , a mistake doesnt warrant loss of trust .
she was at a loss for what to say , the fact sinking in that they wouldnt meet for gardening tomorrow and that the best and most natural thing for her to do now would be to avoid seeing him again and start thinking about what to do with her new life .
i felt tremendously calm after that , even though its death was a tremendous loss to us in that situation .
it was good to see her smile properly again , even if she had suffered only been a momentary loss of dignity - which he just saw as normal .
and then , that same dance had let her know exactly how deep would be the loss .
laura realized that this man , powerful and self assured in business and with other people , was still mourning the loss , at least to some degree .
i wasnt sure , but i thought he might be hallucinating from blood loss , like a thirsty man seeing an oasis mirage in the desert .
it hit her like a tidal wave as jackson finally let himself feel lilli 's loss .
the loss of their parents , a move to a new town and school , and getting to know their grandmother long term for the first time , was not easy for any of the kids .
im very sorry for your loss , miss buxton , said archie .
was jack right , was she wallowing too deeply in her loss ?
still , any loss of time could jeopardize his chances of securing the painting .
`` so sorry for your loss . ''
and while he struggled with the loss of their ship and its crew , dalton also hoped some type of distress signal had been sent .
carrie was at a loss and didnt really know what to say .
jon was left in the empty room , his heart echoing hollow , and his sense of loss was complete .
i am at a loss .
evidently , whatever childhood immunizations she 'd had were n't enough and the illness left her with memory loss and occasional seizures .
already i could feel the sense of loss , and wanted to say something to prevent it .
here came conversation # 3,524not that im countingabout the lamentable loss of gavin the great .
he wanted to tell her he knew how loss felt .
charlie , i know that you are very worried about him and you have suffered a devastating loss , but he became very anxious worrying about his brother .
gabriel , when you thought you lost martina , did you really feel her loss , because i cant feel it .
even though i dont see anyone coming for it yet , im sure that their side will soon feel the loss or come across one of ours that has been freed , i would like to stay and see your journey through because you may need my help , but i do not feel safe in leaving it lying around .
he was always the one in control of their game , the one who was always leading , but for this particular goddess , his mysterious goddess , he was at a loss .
could she forgive me for the loss she had been forced to withstand ?
samantha could sense he felt a great loss just by the mere mention of his wife .
should that happen , it would be the terriblest loss of her days ever .
im so sorry for your loss .
unlike most people with a hearing loss , granny wouldnt ask for something to be repeated if it didnt come through clearly .
im sorry for your loss , he says in a compassionate voice .
at a loss , she continued fiddling with the chips until he pulled her hands from the bowl and handed her a dry towel .
sadly , both men knew that although luck had been on their side earlier that morning , with the loss of the albatross , then the storm , and now the fog , it seemed that any such luck had long since departed them .
its short-term memory loss spray .
will this loss of all his navy stop napoleon , do you think ?
i am sorry for your loss , his voice was appropriately low and serious .
carmens eyes glinted with mischief and she didnt really mind the loss of her phone since raphael was acting so possessively towards her .
seeing it and knowing that i was headed toward it filled me with a profound sense of sadness and loss .
you had to deal with the ramifications of suffering my loss , but i had no real recollection of you or our children .
but , i must say , you gained from your loss , too .
if only my end-of-the-world-internet-forum brethren were alive to see our victory , because , lets be honest , the end of the world was a victory for us but a loss for the rest of yall .
id never heard of a jinn surviving the loss of their magic , but i found myself desperately praying that luna would be the first .
while i take no blame , i cant help but feel an overpowering sense of sadness and loss , not only for him but for myself as well .
the sting of loss pierced her ability to speak .
images of kira helplessly sobbing in the bed , lamenting the loss of her marriage and betrayal , flashed before her .
the hurt , he begins , but his ability to speak is strangled by loss .
a voice inside her , the voice of loss and reason , instinctively balked at what they were about to do , balked at her confidence .
they were forced to offer endings , which always seemed so contrived , because the song that her mother sang cycled through its phases with hope and with sorrow but never with any sense of finality , moving through loss to new life , through death and sorrow again and again , coming back to seal the beginningless , endless cycle of mighty life .
the hardest transition from watcher to fal en had n't been the loss of her wings ; it had been the surge of emotion that shattered her previously inviolate equanimity .
this was the same millie banning standing before me who i 'd known since i was six years old , the same millie who had helped me stuff my first bra , who had helped me care for my mother , and then bury her , mourning her loss as much as i did .
he now understood the venom that coursed through vash 's veins over the loss of her mate .
they sympathised with each other on their loss .
he was different from the men she had known in baltimore , the ones who shopped at brooks brothers and never seemed to find themselves at a loss for words .
subconsciously , from the moment robin had learned of cole 's loss , she 'd been waiting for him to tell her .
she had for months been bidding farewell to her hair whenever she combed it , quite resigned to its loss , for whether she must sacrifice it immediately , as a postulant , or later , as a novice , plainly it must go .
i knew i was going to talk about the loss of my virginity-as though it solidified the rest of my nefarious acts for the future .
skipping school and chugging mom 's beer , completely at a loss for how to gather the pieces of myself that had been scattered everywhere .
that sounded fanciful , overdramatic , but she was at a loss to explain it otherwise .
steve had n't a clue to what paul was feeling , did n't understand paul 's deep sense of loss .
for every loss , there 's a gain .
i tried to scramble for some shade , but i was weak from blood loss .
she could not imagine how awful it had to be for daniel to have to live in a place that represented so much loss for him .
her body was working in overdrive from the loss of one of her senses .
he was glad to have cleared the air with korbin before this happened , but that did n't make his loss any easier .
his body was consumed suddenly by grief at her loss .
devastated by the loss of suzy .
the others are : to avoid becoming romantically entangled with sea creatures ; to always ask for what you want , because the worst thing that can happen is embarrassment but the best thing that can happen is nudity ; to demand ready money up front ; and to never play cards with catarina loss . ''
as i crossed the threshold into the hallway , i reluctantly let go of her hand , feeling the loss instantly .
i 'm a little at a loss for what to say , unaccustomed of having anyone squabble over me , but bella quickly tides over the stretching moment of silence .
it 's their loss .
he withdraws his half submerged arousal , and i moan at the loss of fullness .
when she felt him lean her back in his arms , she protested the loss of contact .
i recal the loss of him as though it had happened to someone else-some naive , reckless girl i'l never be again .
impressed , i have no problem commiserating at the loss , especially since it went to caren castleberry , one of the industry 's most talentless , well-connected twits .
he lowered himself from his tiptoes and onto flat feet , then pulled his h*ps away until he was nearly out of me and i was whimpering with the loss of him within me .
`` none of us were thrilled to have someone so ... well ... um ... '' trenton trailed off , seeming at a loss for words for the first time in his life .
he knew his mouth was hanging open , but he was at a loss for words .
he 'd never switched drivers in an open vehicle racing fifty mph down the road while being chased by men with guns , but they somehow managed to shift and shimmy and change seats with barely any loss of speed or control .
at the loss of his touch willow 's eyes opened and she saw him rolling a condom down his cock .
massive blood loss from the guy in the truck .
her brother and sister seemed to deal with the loss so much better than courtney .
i 'd never suffered that kind of loss and i was n't sure i could go on .
this was what loss felt like .
in fact , she seemed reluctant to talk about her f iance 's death at all , which told him she was still dealing with the loss .
we 'd both suffered great loss and while that might be a fragile bond , it gave us each a reprieve from loneliness .
had he passed out from blood loss ?
i knew she was mourning her loss , probably for the first time since she 'd learned of her death .
what he could n't take was the enraging loss of control , the helplessness .
cathy knew that , of all the women in their small group , cecilia was the only one who could identify with the trauma and the recriminations that followed the loss of a child .
for each loss , there were compensations , and she reminded herself to keep the good things firmly in sight .
he 'd read that a year was long enough to heal substantially from a loss like his .
and , in the seven months since charles 's death , and to the extent she 'd permit it , he 'd shared with clara her enormous loss .
she did n't know what she 'd expected-certainly not this crush of pain and loss .
apparently , the russian had given him specific instructions on the first few moves he was to make , moves that would guarantee a loss because bobby would find himself in what chess players referred to as the black hole .
troy remembered how hard sandy 's miscarriage had been on both of them , and more recently , how painful the loss of megan 's baby had been .
all of us here grieve at our loss when she steps away from us , as though she has climbed aboard a boat whose final destination is somewhere not of this world but of god 's .
he played of love and loss and years of silence , words unsaid and vows unspoken , and all the spaces between his heart and theirs ; and when he was done , and he 'd set the violin back in its box , will 's eyes were closed , but tessa 's were full of tears .
as the great mundane military strategist sun tzu said in the a rt of war , 'if you know your enemies and know yourself , you can win a hundred battles without a single loss . '
he 'd placed the blame on lily for the loss of their daughter , and callie had never been more proud of lily than when she went to confront him and tell him how wrong he 'd been .
she wanted to make love with these men , but she was at a loss as to how .
selfishly , i am caught in my own sense of loss ; i take a deep breath and try to let it go , but it 's difficult .
i did n't think so , but these folks are to blame for your loss .
for once at a loss for words , chuch shifted back and forth on his heels .
we were at four and one , and the one loss happened during the first game of the season before i forced jude into joining .
and vaughn seemed at a loss for words .
pike swiveled his amber gaze onto the blonde , who now drooped in the booth between them , narcotics and blood loss leaving her dazed and unaware of what was happening .
he did n't want to feel as though a huge hollow had opened up in his life , as though he 'd lost something so important he could n't even begin to imagine the depth of that loss .
he snarled , frustrated by the loss of control .
for al she knew he was screaming on the inside , rough , ragged screams of pain and loss .
malkom was so damned accustomed to loss , yet he knew he would never recover if he lost her .
he was weak from loss of blood , and he could barely move his left arm and leg .
she had worked her ass off -- though all that hard work had produced not a pound of weight loss ( there was something cosmically wrong with that ) -- to get a piece ready for tonight .
of everything , the loss of her spectacles worried her the most .
`` aedammair is helping poor vigholf forget his tragic hair loss . ''
but at the time , eibhear had been so filled with rage and pain about the loss of his friend , austell the red , he was n't sure he 'd know the dragon if he tripped over him in the market .
shane had known cactus all of his life and he 'd never known the man to be at a loss for words .
odd that i should find that again here , when i 'd thought this wolf thing was the cause of its loss .
i am truly sorry for your family 's loss .
bloody hell , he wished he could send her into this climactic bliss with him , but she could n't afford the loss of energy .
he released a breath of air on my face , and suddenly i was overwhelmed with a strange feeling of loss .
the feeling of euphoria had disappeared with him and my body ached from its loss .
such loss of control was foreign to him .
i wanted to ask more questions but the sadness and loss that washed over me as i realized i would n't be sleeping in his bed tonight or any other night stopped me .
parlors are for sipping tea and laughing at flat jokes , not mourning the loss of a loved one .
he was still grieving his loss , and she had lost interest in every male except ronan .
feeling at a loss with nothing but time on his hands , ryan wandered down the hall towards fin 's room .
is this my new life , this constant rediscovery of loss ?
i see the love she has for all of us-me , her husband , her children , her parents-and how that love is shiny with both hope and loss .
they know that loss hit me hard and , yes , damaged me .
i saw the anger kindle in dimitri 's eyes , and for a moment , i thought i might have seen the loss of control i 'd teased him about .
they were kind and open , yet he saw traces of sadness and incalculable loss .
the loss of grace was testament to that .
she lifted her head , and he groaned at the loss .
although she tried to hide it , there was an aching note of loss in her words .
her dearest friend and most agonizing loss .
although she was making light of it , each broken fingernail was like a small loss .
he hung his head , apparently at a loss for words .
she felt pain and overwhelming loss .
surely i can surely go a few hours without nick 's texts , though i already feel their loss keenly .
at that , she realized the gravity of it all , the looming loss , and she closed her eyes , thinking , come back .
`` i know your family has been through quite the ordeal and i 'm sorry for your loss . ''
unfortunately he was n't carrying any , so he was left with the uncomfortable task of listening to rawlings , drunk as he was , lament over the loss of some chit .
the peril to mr. shipwash and the fate of her father 's operatives back in india were surely of more import than her personal loss .
`` do you ... are you ... '' i 'd never seen him at such a complete loss for words before .
she found herself relaxing , slipping back into a place and time that had no heartache , no loss .
the loss is going to sting , but i can manage .
`` megblinked in amazement , seeming at a loss for a moment ; thenshe sighed impatiently .
now that the funeral was over , the reality of harry 's loss was starting to sink in .
it was another loss to his family .
it was as if his mind knew he could n't handle the full magnitude of her loss .
seven years ago , she 'd run back to her father 's house and accepted the loss as inevitable .
the sight of her proud father at a loss for words , even temporarily , touched jeisa 's heart .
even with magic , it would be too much to travel with , and all it could be now was a painful reminder of her loss .
such a sad loss ... '' the doctor was stumbling , flushing with embarrassment .
he felt a pang , wondering if he would see dunsany alive the next time he came-and a deeper pang of concern , realizing what the old man 's death might mean to him , beyond the loss of a dear old friend .
i 'm at a loss about what it is you want , '' i admitted , folding my hands in my lap .
he was at a complete loss .
she had always found her work engrossing , but along with her loss of concentration she had evidently become a clock-watcher , too .
whoever they are , they will forget their loss soon enough .
if you experienced loss more , you 'd be humbled .
ridge : yes , she has mild hearing loss .
he paused in the doorway , knowing exactly who she was but finding himself at a loss for words .
she could n't really get worked up over the loss of the job itself , but the lack of a paycheck was going to hurt real quick .
slowing down , i kissed her with all the unhappiness and loss inside .
`` i 'm really sorry for your loss , '' i offered instead .
`` you do n't want to claim our daughter , then it 's your loss . ''
for the loss she 'd suffered , for the pain she experienced being forced to rip open the half-healed wounds of her grief .
they 'd allowed their disapproval of her lifestyle to get in the way of loving dexter , which was their loss , but also his .
weakened by fever and blood loss and the ferocity of the battle thus far , caelen stumbled back under the force of cameron 's attack .
i thought about charlie 's reaction when he woke up this morning , ifafter all that life had put him through in the last week with harry 's loss , and then i had put him through with my unexplained disappearancehe were to find my bed empty .
she would have felt an incredible sense of loss , and the sharp , sweet relief of knowing that her kids were okay .
it was his way of dealing with the loss .
if any woman was worth the loss of a fabulous hand at cards , then it was surely the one he now hurried to ... * * * miss eleanor-ellie-rosewood paced restlessly in the vast entrance hall of the house in hanover square as she awaited for word of the response to the note she had instructed be delivered earlier this evening .
'i ca n't imagine how difficult it is to go through the loss of a woman you love at such a young age .
two small words , and yet within them lay a bottomless well of pain and loss , a ceaseless mourning for touches that were never received and words of wisdom that were never spoken .
questions came at her from all directions , and she felt at a loss to answer them .
they became men touched by fire-roused from dull acceptance by the sudden searing recollection of loss .
to his credit , he appeared more distressed at the notion of his patient 's condition than his own loss .
i felt like a dried skin , stuffed to the eyeballs with the tinder of fear , uncertainty , and loss .
and so he had simply abstracted one ingot on each trip-and not on every trip-eventually removing the whole hoard , before duncan innes discovered the loss .
water drops scattered over us with the passing of the wind , weeping for loss and separation .
it washed cool and soft across my skin , momentary balm on the wounds of fear and loss .
fearing lest the miasmas of the tropics prove as fatal to the boy as to his mother , lord john determined that the lad must go to virginia , where lord john 's family has substantial property , and determined to escort him there himself , seeing that the lad was greatly desolated by loss of his mother .
as if to make up for the loss , his eyebrows sprouted profusely from a central point , sporting long grey hairs like insects ' antennae that waved threateningly from the basic brown tufts .
even brianna , who came from what was presumably a more peaceable time , sang songs of fearsome death and tragic loss to wee jem , all with a look on her face as tender as the virgin nursing the christ child .
how did a woman bear such loss ?
scott , however , had gone through a difficult period of teenage rebellion that had left abbey and sawyer at a loss as to how to deal with him .
it will be one hell of a night , ending with him either celebrating his ass off with a win or depressed as hell with a loss .
his cousin 's deadened eyes had been filled with loss .
a month had passed since they 'd parted , and still the pain of his loss ate at her .
holding her in my arms i was at a loss for words .
he released her as quickly as he 'd caught her , stepping back and leaving her to stumble from the loss of his support .
take the loss like a man . ''
feeling the loss , i snap a mental picture of isaiah .
belen 's image was still vivid , the ache of loss still present .
he was making me feel the same loss of power , the same sense of being dependent on someone else for every breath i took .
you know that , it 's a sign of loss of control . ''
*** at a loss for what to say to comfort savannah , cole dropped his gaze and rubbed a hand along the back of his neck .
if you do n't like it , that 's your loss . ''
`` underneath all the uncertainty and the loss of control , are you in any way happy about this ? ''
she winced inside at the thought of going through the box and re-living the years she 'd grown up with diane , because the loss still hurt , but neither could she let him burn diane 's mementos .
`` ah , but my gain must be greater than yours , or your loss more than mine , to make it truly a wager . ''
hed had enough of loss , of death .
biting back the whimper of loss that rose up inside her , billie swore under her breath and got into the driver side of the car .
his ring buzzed in irritation at the loss of the direct link , but he ignored it .
nika 's hand went to her own throat , which was bare and bony , and she felt a sense of loss .
what she had n't seen was herself , this gangly body and the loss of her ability .
a sense of loss so deep it would never heal split him open .
the drop was too steep , her arms too weak from hunger and loss of blood .
the fix would n't last long-only a few days-but it would give her time to rest and regain her strength before those deep , searing feelings of guilt and loss came back to haunt her .
for a moment , jess was at a loss for what to do .
a loss of brake fluid wo n't affect them .
to be able to blink her eyes and recall none of the loss or grief , none of the fear .
he reminded himself every day it was a loss of control , not very macho for a special forces man , and most of all that peter whitney might really have manipulated him in some way , but none of it seemed to matter .
guess a broken nose is n't satisfactory recompense for her loss .
weak and dizzy from blood loss , vel 's not thinking as fast as usual , or he would 've noticed by now .
`` yeah , there was serious loss of face involved .
kai 's loss haunts me .
the crew wants more death to answer for our loss .
our connection grows quieter and quieter with the distance , until the connection snaps , and i take his loss like a knife in the heart .
carvati sits down at the conference table , flattening his palms against the cool alloy surface as if that can assuage the loss .
it is my life , and as such , there is love , loss , war , death , and sacrifice .
i pressed the buzzer in awe of my total loss of cool .
i 'm not sure i can get used to a world without sunshine , but the snow , the friendly footprints of the birds and squirrels stamped throughout the roadside , more than make up for its loss .
he could have dealt with the loss of great sex when tyler left next week .
the physicians concentrated first on the gash because of the heavy blood loss , though in retrospect , travis wondered whether a different approach would have changed things .
in the immediacy of his loss , she never would have believed it possible , but she could n't deny that when she thought of drake these days , it was usually the happier times she remembered .
jane was n't exactly angry with me , but she did n't seem happy , either , and try as i might , i was at a loss as to what to do about it .
my dad sensed that something was changing , but he was at a loss as to what to do about us .
blaise stared , as if caught for once at a loss for words .
she was barely surviving every day , her heart aching with his loss .
and she would have , except that she was suddenly at a remarkable loss for words .
you ca n't rob yourself of that experience just because you 're scared of loss before you 've even given it a try . ''
after a few moments he carefully withdrew and before she could protest the loss of his warmth and possession , cole was there to take his place , his body blanketing hers as he pushed inside her .
he seemed put off by her bluntness , as if she made a very valid point and he was at a loss as to how to respond .
he 's a douche and it 's his loss for missing out on an amazing daughter . ''
`` i ... you ... '' malculinus paused and stared at murie , seemingly at a loss .
`` even if she is just a moroi , it 's no great loss .
gerard had no difficulty seeing how a man could mourn the loss of her attentions .
i could n't real y understand his loss , the pain it stil clearly caused him to feel .
in fact , making his heart lurch with the loss , she suddenly stood five feet away from him , her back straight , that tail following the line of her hip , curled around the front of her feet .
`` but all the money in the world ca n't bring david back , or undo the loss i felt after he died .
perhaps it was foolish , but connor felt that loss created some kind of bond between them .
she seemed at a loss .
i blink twice , just because i 'm at a loss and do n't know what to say .
`` your loss , sugar , but here are my numbers if you wise up and want someone who 's a little more fun than our uptight amigo here . ''
his jacuzzi was built into the bathroom with a skylight overhead , which offered the aura of being outside without the loss of privacy .
it 's your loss .
`` and again , i 'm sorry for your loss as well . ''
there 's nothing but death and misery here , pain and loss .
once on the other side , she closed her eyes , almost collapsing to the floor as a wave of deep loss hit her .
he was thinking this , already feeling the loss of her dazzling light receding when he realized he no longer had the knife .
i swallowed the embarrassing five-minute loss of sanity and began to follow him like a meek mouse .
i immediately felt the loss .
even she was at a loss for what to say to make the truth less painful .
she felt its loss , but there was no time to bemoan it .
she 'd brought it all with her , every loss and heartache .
looking up at it , she felt a shudder of loss .
recognizing the loss in his face , i put a hand on his arm .
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss , cole , and for what you had to see today .
i thought that might have been the worst thing about losing someone , that moment between asleep and awake , when you had to remember and accept the loss again , relive that moment when your life changed , and you lost something dear .
so many pointless details about loss of cartilage and muscle tissue .
strangely my early frustration had given way and i was n't anxious for the loss of his company either .
if you 're trying to avoid loss , there 's no point in taking another breath , or letting your heart beat one more time .
i could n't care less about the scarring , my jaw , or even the loss of hearing .
the trauma you 've experienced since the accident comes from more than just your family 's loss .
the football players were busy bitching about their loss to state , so i tried to relieve their angst by telling them some of my more colorful experiences over break , like watching trenton salivate over cami , and the time that his intrepid broke down and we were almost arrested for public intoxication while walking home .
she seemed to be at a loss for words .
they were both silent for a moment , willa afraid to peer about at him , he apparently at a loss as to what to say to her .
`` i 'm at a total loss , '' she confessed .
only this time , it came with a pang of loss .
the blood loss from the shot to his arm had actually been worse than his fall out the window .
the name earl dooley apparently left them all at a loss for words .
when he looks down to see his fingers almost touching , he frowns at my obvious loss of weight .
the loss of this employment would ruin them .
if roanoke is destroyed , all ten of those worlds are going to be hit hard by the loss .
she knew all the arguments that the suffering was worth the baby , but the pain , the loss of control , and the sheer horror of just imagining the pain , had consumed laura recently .
with a few words he had slammed that door shut again and she refused to acknowledge a sting of loss .
however , her body shouted loud and clear over the loss of his touch .
the fallout would have to take care of itself , because right now , they were both locked in a desperate drive to block out the pain of loss .
`` i suppose that will be my loss , wo n't it ? ''
on tuesday , she 'd been wearing an outfit he 'd been at a loss even to describe .
she 'd survived the loss of her parents , the rejection of her in-laws , the death of her husband , and the realization that his infidelity had been substantial .
the moment he pulled from her , he felt an emptiness - a loss .
how did anyone survive the loss of one so dear ?
for me , it 's the loss of my brother and parents .
sorry for your loss . ''
he 's going slowly , and each withdrawal makes me whimper from the loss of him , and each surge to fill me makes me groan with relief to have him back inside me .
`` it 's his loss , mckenna , '' chris says in this kind of fierce tone that makes my stomach execute a few loop-de-loops .
now he was experiencing another soul crushing loss .
putting a hand out , she touched his shoulder , sure that the stiffness in his manner was because of his recent loss .
he squeezed her hand again , then let go , and she felt the loss .
it was too abrupt , too intense , and there was a sense of loss in her eyes .
so the loss i can relate to .
when his arms left me , i nearly groaned out from the loss .
he wanted to take her to a place where she could play and laugh again , somewhere that did n't remind her of her loss .
the reality of illness , the loss of a patient - this was her life every day that she worked in the palliative care unit .
grant 's laughter drifted across the water as we bobbed in the harbor and evaluated our loss .
the loss of his gaze was almost painful as he turned to walk in the direction i had just pointed .
when he pulled back lorelei almost cried at the loss of contact .
once again , i 'm very sorry for your loss . ''
`` you 're loss , '' was all he said in the end .
would she have cried for her loss ?
`` too late , '' he said , smiling at her loss of control .
his facial expression gave me an idea of what was to come and for the first time , i am at a loss for words .
i 'm just mourning my loss .
i want him to leave this earth knowing he need not worry about me , that i will have a child to focus on instead of mourning the loss of losing him .
`` please accept my condolences on your loss . ''
the loneliness she had felt from the loss of kirsty was somehow appeased with the knowledge that a cycle was being reborn .
though even contemplating that path brought a scary sense of loss .
the poignant sense of loss squeezed her heart unbearably .
he wore navy silk pyjamas , their looseness emphasising rather than hiding the loss of his once powerful physique .
had the love died , or had husband and wife been pulled apart by grief over the loss of their child ?
the sudden loss of contact with him instantly opened her eyes .
but i 'd rather stand by his grave , below a hill , where a sentinel cyprus tree stands guard and mourn a loss love than watch her victorious .
just remembering the old woman made ivy 's heart ache at her loss .
you 'll no ' see me grievin ' o'er the loss o ' him !
so , when she appeared here tonight , thinking you 'd received her note-which i understand hudgins has-i took one look at her and decided that since her loss had done such damage to you , i would restore her to you . ''
the dowager burst out in what was , to stephen 's recollection , her first total loss of composure in her entire life .
`` okay , fine , '' matt said , strangely at a loss as to how to begin now that she 'd agreed .
i was prepared to buy however much stock it would take to gain control of the board of directors so that he could n't threaten you with the loss of the presidency , because i 'd control the board . ''
chapter twenty-six for several minutesafter billy hung up , mitchell stood beside the coffee table , immobilized , his head bent , his forehead furrowed , trying to cope with the flood of grief he felt at the loss of a half brother he scarcely knew , and whose death he 'd only just accepted .
trying to keep her aching sense of loss at bay , she picked up a book .
he lifted his mouth from hers , and elizabeth felt an aching sense of loss that was replaced ' by sweet torment as he slid his mouth down her neck to her breasts , nuzzling them slowly for endless moments before his lips closed tightly over her taut nipple .
`` then it 's her loss , but my computer-simulated eight ball told me that wo n't happen . ''
there was definitely more behind the loss and mourning of her husband .
she was sure there was no humor in this situation , that when it all sank in she 'd be horrified about her memory loss and what it might signify of neurological damage .
all she could do now was never let any of those who 'd loved and lost mel know how unaffected by his loss she was .
all forms of loss .
he was the only man in my mother 's life , and though her psyche must have been fragile to start with , i think his loss and my birth were the catalysts that initiated her descent .
sex was better after her operation , her great loss .
she seemed at a loss for words .
maybe it was even worse than the loss of my mom-not understanding why something like this could happen .
at the kitchen , he dropped his hand , and i sighed at the loss .
and i 'm devastated now , as if the loss has just happened .
such a tragedy and such loss for someone so young .
they argued that defying the laws castaldini was built around for any reason would lead to the very loss of identity we guard against .
antonia looked to be at a total loss .
was this real , or was everything being amplified by the circumstances combined with a dose of blood loss , survival elation and gratitude ?
but it 's clear the loss was always one-sided .
impending loss consumed laylah .
of course , he had had no way of knowing that she had suffered such a tragic loss , but it did n't excuse him for taking his frustrations out on her .
i 'd heard paxan 's treasured clocks shattering , thinking that he would be distraught at the loss .
i regretted that , grieved their loss , because if anyone deserved true , deep feelings , monica did .
after all , had n't she dealt with her loss in exactly the same way ?
but was there really anything so wrong with mourning the loss of an hour of rip-roarin ' , boot stompin ' good sex with a hot race car driver ?
what 's a little blood loss when the night is this beautiful .
if this was a business arrangement only , then it was a shitty thing to be doing to the people in their lives , loss of hamby speedway or not .
she was at a loss how else to help him out of his funk .
he no longer wanted to be a man trapped by the fear of loss .
but until she faced their loss , until she talked it through with him and they grieved together , not separately , he could n't just accept it and go on as if nothing tragic had happened .
but he was coping with a loss .
`` i think i had a minor hearing loss problem there . ''
`` oh , makes sense , '' she said , at a loss of what to say next .
the most loss of life experienced of troops i knew and commanded .
he came right over and put his hands on brynne , hugging her , and offering his fake sympathies for her terrible loss .
nothing would ever change my greatest loss , by bringing my dad back to me .
and though i 'd been absolutely certain that was the right thing to do , now i was haunted by regret and memory , loneliness and loss .
i draw in a breath and fight the urge to cry , mourning the loss of those days when i would have told ollie everything .
her ideas usually ended with my pants around my ankles and a total , if temporary , loss of my brain function .
censure , the loss of his job , his very identity .
it might have led to a loss of control , a prospect he could n't abide .
she gave a muffled protest at the loss of his hard muscles and throbbing cock .
i do n't know why you did n't hire her , but your loss is my gain .
i 'd lived through the loss of him from my life in those messages straight from my heart .
i ask , at a loss .
now i was at a loss because i knew i would n't be able to stop thinking about what she had told me .
i was at a loss for words for a moment , and he let me gather my thoughts .
my dad decided to refund her deposit-against my own advice-and the loss of funds has set us back some more .
`` but the doctor thinks that we might be able to slow down the memory loss if we start treatment soon and up his home care . ''
i head over to the main desk and pay the bill , pulling the cash straight from my pocket , mourning the loss of my wallet , before heading back to karissa .
the loss has been unimaginable .
the moment i saw you , my mouth went dry and i was at a loss for words .
a few more deft strokes then his finger slipped from that tight hole and she whimpered at the loss of fullness ... until he returned with two fingers , stretching deep inside , teasing that hidden gland that made her muscles clamp down even harder around his marauding fingers .
but to deal with that loss at age sixteen when you were just a girl ?
all his family saw was the loss of the land .
jack stood by the side of her bed , hands in his pockets , absolutely at a loss .
there was a massive loss but , as was mama 's plan , theo and ana were suddenly very wealthy without realizing that they 'd been left a legacy in her will . ''
he stands as well , seemingly at a loss as to how to handle my emotional outburst .
it was a staggering wave of loss .
it did n't erase the pain he felt at the loss of his siblings , but it lightened it .
she knew firsthand exactly what he was talking about when it came to loss .
it had been her mother 's solemn vow that no other mother would ever weep over the loss of a child if she could help it .
every day i have sat with your mother while she wept for your loss and ached to have you with her .
the tragedy of her loss was felt throughout the entire were-hunter counsel .
he shivered from the agony of his wounds , and blood loss .
nykyrian was at a complete loss of words as his hormones fired .
the loss tore through her .
the idea of melanthe dying while thronos was helpless to protect her ... would he have sensed the loss , even across worlds ?
there was nothing in this room but blood and death , and the echo of fear , the loss of all possibility of redemption .
the pattern did n't speak of love and commitment to her ; there was something else there , something darker , something that spoke of control and submission , of loss and darkness .
she thought of her power with runes , wishing that she could create one that would soften the blow of loss .
`` your loss , '' he said .
`` i wished to say that i am so sorry for your loss . ''
we 're planning for a complete loss in case the emps fail in some manner . ''
when he finally broke free , i cried out and i was n't sure if it was from the loss of him or from what i knew was surely to come .
i shook my head , at a loss for what to say .
the very idea sparked a great sense of loss in me , one i had not expected .
a heavy sense of loss lingered inside .
that was mainly due to muscle loss .
i 'm still at a loss for what to say , what to do , how much time and space i should give her .
so i was no stranger to loss and to change , and these experiences had taught me something .
her loss is the penalty for your arrogance .
she had loved carin for her very innocence and joy , and these beasts had stolen these things from myst , from the world , which was poorer from the loss ... as lightning painted the sky , she mindlessly slashed her way through them .
she could n't , else she risked a loss of control .
her favorite half sister , lucia , had once told her , `` berserkers are grim , covetous , and possessive , savage when faced with the loss of something that belongs to them .
but the reason i handed him the keys was because i knew trent loved his freedom , loved it so much he was already mourning its loss when the girls came back from ellasbeth 's and quen resumed trent 's everyday security .
`` magic killed them , not blood loss , '' she added , holding her breath when the wind blew and the man 's blood-caked hair moved in the breeze .
i had n't lost my mind , of course , but al and i had been sharing mental space by way of the scrying mirror , and i felt the loss of his background noise when he left .
`` al , i 'm sorry , '' i whispered , kicking myself for not considering that he might feel pain at her loss .
falling out of high society had been good for him and his family , if you ignored the increased number of death threats and his loss of income .
and the loss of his ability to flash ?
sure , they could have hidden cameras , but why gamble on the loss of a business over something so trivial ?
he could have cursed at the loss of that perfect little mound , but consoled himself with the fact that he was about to enter paradise .
no , he wanted the angel here , transformed into a demon high lord , his actions a film of acid on his skin , loss and failure his lifelong companions .
he ... mourned the loss of her warmth and softness .
though she 'd only known maddox a short while , there was something wild inside her that mourned his loss and demanded she avenge his death .
casual though the friendships were , their loss had hurt her , their humanity a weakness she 'd come to despise .
when they 'd split up those few thousand years ago , maddox had sided with lucien , hoping for peace , and sabin had mourned the loss of a great soldier .
he must have been more devastated by the loss than she 'd realized .
and that loss ... gods .
for the others who stil mourned the loss of their friend .
hel , she would want him to lose , even though the loss would bring him days of physical agony .
he mourned the loss of his human female .
as sharp pain exploded through her , her eyesight soon obliterated , her throat soon crushed-and knowing claws were coming next , and with them , the loss of her head-the heat was replaced by a return of her cold determination .
no one ever recovered fully from that kind of loss .
`` such loss ... it 's a terrible thing , something that hurts you on an indescribable level . ''
heat flared through her , sweeping away the silent agony of the past three days , the heartache , anger , and loss of thinking it was over between them .
i am weak from blood loss and too small .
i know she ca n't be alive , but i do n't know if i 'm seeing her now because i 'm delirious from the blood loss or if the death serum has addled my thoughts or if she is here in some other way .
i felt the sharp pang of loss in my stomach .
and , finally , i had an irrational desire to make him mine and never let go , which led to my next emotional dance-off between loss and relief .
their warmth and inexplicable familiarly melted away the sadness and sense of loss .
you thought it was a weight loss group , and i thought i was going to a seminar on investing . ''
`` but everyone says time heals all wounds and i can only hold onto the hope that one day i will be able to remember you father without feeling the excruciating pain of his loss , '' my mom finally said and i was reminded of garrett 's words before leaving maryland .
they are all tangled up with pain and loss .
instead , seeing her was like seeing a reflection of me , a mirror of my pain , my loss , my regret .
~ i collapsed facedown onto my old bed in a heap of exhaustion , my body weary from the long hours of travel , my mind and soul broken and filled with loss .
the kiss was filled with a passion and loss that almost brought me to my knees , but her hold against my face spoke of the buried hope we 'd always clung to .
regret and anger and loss spiraled through me .
my dearest elizabeth , i find myself at a loss to express my joy , my gratitude , and my love for you .
`` hers has been a loss i have never moved past . ''
`` and you think this has something to do with your loss of memory ? ''
to experience loss like that must have been ... '' he did n't finish his sentence .
he shook his head to rid himself of the painful feeling that the attack and subsequent loss had caused and reached out to pat zanes cheek .
ty met kelly 's eyes , at a loss .
`` and as for starbucks , it 's their loss . ''
the electricity in the church blinks on and off as though the very structure were mourning her loss .
my hand is cold not just because of the cool juice but because of the loss of contact .
`` it 's their loss . ''
she seemed at a loss for a moment , clearly her agitation and her recovery from the migraine were slowing her processes .
i welcomed the loss of consciousness .
although it was understandable , it was a loss to all of us when isobel 's mother took her life .
she kept talking , `` sorry for your loss .
so there was no reason to socialize , no one left of gran 's blood to stand around hearing how wonderful she was and thus what a loss it was now that she 'd been laid in the ground .
her loss , '' conner muttered .
`` apollo , i 'm kind of at a loss here .
they 're in a pretty serious muddle but we think we can pull them through without any loss of staff , '' she answered , trying to be short and to the point but really she wanted to talk about it .
rick answered , completely at a loss .
he tucked her face in his throat and went on , `` but even with our loss , after your accident , i still felt lucky because i did n't lose you . ''
i felt his loss like a physical blow and i closed my eyes tight to push it away .
as for preston mason dying , jane had listened ( as she always listened , avidly ) and she knew , although it was n't nice to think , his life ending was not a big loss to the world .
amy was lying in the giant bath tub , bubbles surrounding her body making it impossible for me to see her completely naked but giving me the suggestion that it was my loss i could n't .
then she mourned the loss of her last shred of romantic notion .
`` yes , though i find myself at a loss .
with a sigh , i pried myself away from her , the tingling sensation in my arm reminding me of the loss of her body .
hollow from her loss .
amelia instantly felt the loss of his comforting touch .
refusing to acknowledge the pang of loss , kata stepped backward , wincing at the sting of heat on the back of her legs .
did morgana realize her loss ?
his smile revealed his complete lack of regret at the loss .
it was the distant howls of ingrid who had been driven to her wolf form as she sensed the loss of her brother that at last snapped gaius out of his dangerous sense of unreality .
the same loss that he 'd felt when dara was taken from them .
the night never felt as dark as it did as i sat on the floor of vivienne 's greenhouse , mourning her loss .
i found myself at a loss for words when it came to trying to console rosa .
i managed to smile at him , but the blood loss had finally taken its toll on me .
dread washed over me even as i battled to keep my consciousness , suffering from the blood loss caused by the attack from the elders ' pet .
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss , '' she said , her throat tightening more on every word .
smith did n't miss him every day , but when he did , the sense of loss could be overpowering .
but the loss of their things paled in comparison to the horrifying knowledge that a firefighter had gotten hurt while saving them .
everyone was going through a similar loss of control , desperately waiting for an answer , some news , some kind of hope .
such a silly pastime , running around on the grass for no good reason , squads of teenage girls getting hyped over their score , their plays , their team 's progress in their division and the rival they 'd just had to beat ... all those sleepless nights before big games , the rampant joy after a win , the stinging , lingering burn of a loss .
`` why- '' `` i am sorry for your loss . ''
he 'd wanted to show blay what he meant , what he needed , why this was important : his whole world felt like it was crashing and burning , and the loss that was happening just one door down the hall was going to hurt for a very long time .
no reason to dwell on the near loss .
daric 's heart ached , feeling her loss more acutely than before .
martin corp had a net loss of $ 500 million last year and they sold five tv stations they owned in the midwest . ''
my body screamed for sleep , and with my mind numb from the loss of my mother , i was sure that any attempt to resist would be lost .
at a loss , i stayed put .
she always used that as some sort of trump card , as if he had n't felt the loss of their baby just as deeply .
it 's not as if the director would ever encourage a relationship , but you and i both know it happens and it does n't necessarily mean a loss of employment .
i understand the ... loss of your mother has been hard on you .
he had mourned their loss far more than katherine 's life .
his father had tried to stop him , but he 'd pushed past both his parents and kept going , which was when she knew he was embarrassed and maybe even a little angry that he 'd been asked to speak about a loss that affected him so deeply .
`` in a way , but sometimes pain and loss are worth a moment like that , do n't you think ? ''
let 's just ... '' she swallowed hard , feeling at a loss because she was frustrated , too , even torn .
in the middle of her suffering over the loss of her married boyfriend , maybe .
when he was planning to break away , he 'd thought he 'd mourn the loss of his career more than anything else .
when the song ended and isaac stepped away , the loss of his body heat felt as though someone had stripped her of a warm blanket .
he and hatty had been so close throughout her final years that katie could only suppose his sudden marriage proposal was triggered by his loss .
disgruntled ranchers who are irate over the loss of one of their own , as well as having their property damaged .
`` germany 's loss . ''
i could n't let myself believe it , not yet , not until i felt the sunshine on my skin and the wind in my hair , but the crushing look of loss on his face all but confirmed his offer was real .
i know that love is required to defeat the monster before me , but i am at a loss as to how to manifest that love .
she could ill afford the loss of grunts for the front line , but better to keep the aliens , who were n't utterly awash in prejudice .
the skullface watched silence 's response to the queen 's words , then pronounced , `` your loss is greater than ours .
they had already suffered the loss of one brother , they should be reveling in the fact they still had each other to lean on and give shit to .
my eyes were too heavy and there was too much blood loss and pain meds in my system for me to power through , and i was once again dragged into oblivion .
`` that is a lot of loss . ''
i saw the panic overtake her , saw her start to struggle , but she was already weak from loss of blood .
strong enough to overcome hate , revenge , and loss .
`` for everyone who suffered loss and learned how to live again .
i do n't why anyone could n't love you , but it is their loss and my gain . ''
yep , tragic loss and epic failure definitely seemed to be the stories of my life .
the barest hint of the fury that threatened to consume him could be taken as evidence of loss of control .
the loss of his talent would not matter if he did not make it out of the flooded catacombs alive .
i sighed , mourning the loss of the chocolate , and sipped my coffee .
i did n't know how you were going to respond to the loss of your psychic ability .
but the murders had been too numerous and some of the vampires were destroyed as well , no big loss , and the order of merciful aid got involved .
`` to accept a bribe for the loss of life is forbidden by the doctrine .
i 'm sorry for your loss , and for any pain you might feel .
you could give him a free crate of guns from the broken , and he 'd manage to sell it at a loss .
that was why shifters had agreed to human strictures , so they could recuperate from all the loss of their past .
the queen was a robust woman , but she did not handle loss very well .
already the details of the trial were fading , a trial that would be put down as a loss to him , but sinclair did n't care .
`` your loss , '' she called out , her tone seductive .
kira had always been afraid of heights , so that fear , combined with dizziness , shock , blood loss , and vertigo , proved too much .
it had taken him over a decade to have that same strength of will after his loss .
did they ever really get over the loss ?
i do not think one ever gets over that sort of loss , but in the end , i was lucky enough to meet your father .
i 'd made the bed up , so its loss would not be obvious for a little while .
sorry about your loss . ''
`` mexico 's gain is mexico 's loss , '' i said .
another pang of loss eats me from the inside and i cry .
i just told him that i 'm going to meetings to help with the loss of my mom .
i never experienced it , so i do n't feel the loss . ''
she never would accept a war and the loss of life just to keep her in power .
funny how the eyes stopped seeing the loss .
all too often these small treasures were taken by a stronger slave or by someone in the court who wanted the object ... or simply wanted the slave to feel the loss of it .
slipping out of me with a loss i desperately felt , he turned me onto my side so he could wrap his arms around me , tucking me into him , back to front , with his hands full of me .
managed to control blood loss by getting pressure on it .
i 'm hit with a wave of regret , of loss , then suddenly overwhelming guilt .
we 'd promised that in a few years , when our magic dissipated , we would n't fight the loss .
`` okay , '' i said , at a loss to argue , and a little gushy-hearted that my friends had come to sweep me away to birthday festivities .
i was n't sure if glamour was strong enough to actually sicken a human ; if not glamour , and not blood loss , maybe something slipped into her drink ?
i squeezed my fingers around the hilt of my katana until my nails began to bite into my palm , confident that if i lost control , we 'd lose the fair { loss around ies ... and possibly our lives .
i fell asleep in the car , exhausted by the night 's emotional turmoil and the loss of blood .
my loss , right ? ''
blood loss is a concern and the clotting is the best defense against that . ''
`` i think the real loss is his .
with the loss of its hand , the demon shrank away , disappearing into the black void of sludge .
maybe it was her fatigue or the simple reality of her situation , but the pain of her loss suddenly overwhelmed her .
but the nature of the broken vision had stalled her out , had meant something terrible to her-a personal loss so great that she could n't even speak her thoughts out loud .
if he 'd had any doubts on that score , they were settled by the fact that the most recent bonding had resulted in the loss of his voyeur-link with parisa .
`` i do n't guess you ever recover from a loss like that . ''
that money certainly would help with the loss of that .
they missed jessica , they loved her , but they had accepted their loss and were prepared to focus on the good times .
just angry at her loss , maybe confused that she 's dead . ''
her loss , not mine .
`` i passed out from blood loss .
pain , loss , and regret all radiated off her in waves .
and of course we want to prevent the loss of an innocent life . ''
she still remembered the sense of loss over something so brief but exciting all the same .
`` to be honest , dee , i ca n't explain why you 're suffering a memory loss .
not that he 'd felt any loss over his father being locked up .
no , her body cried at the loss .
she caressed his cheek as if that might somehow heal the loss .
despite the loss , more than enough remained for her to cover her uncle 's cost of living in the house , and for her to start up an odd jobs in hawken 's cove .
she did n't know whether to love him or hate him for that , since it also meant she 'd be facing another loss when they ended .
and she was rarely at a complete loss for words .
`` that 's a lot of loss , '' he said .
when he suddenly pulled back , her entire body protested the loss of his mouth over hers .
without holly and her cheerful voice bouncing around him , derek felt the loss keenly .
no loss for either of them , really .
he walked out on my mother and us kids , which frankly was n't much of a loss .
i now know more about animated hedgehogs and ... '' he lifted a hand to tap his forehead , feigning memory loss as he slowly continued to make his way around the sofa .
but she had n't forgotten the loss .
she felt the exact moment , the sudden loss of footing , the sensation of falling , and knew sheer terror .
indeed , i was afeared that she might starve herself to death , so saddened was she by the loss of her young . ''
she stared at him , completely at a loss for words .
it had taken the man a year and a half to get over the loss of his fiancee , but he was finally on the right track .
there was nothing but anger and confusion inside of me , nothing but emptiness and loss .
i had been deadened since cade had died ; i had blamed my detachment on his loss , but was there something wrong with me ?
i would survive their loss , i had survived worse before , but i still ached for them .
second-generation zenith did n't break down the body and cause it to bleed out as the first generation had done-sam would n't need an antidote , but that did n't mean the blood loss would n't eventually kill him .
his team had the highest loss rate of any team in the service , yet no one had questioned that each downed man was a legitimately explained death .
she 'd been up all night retching from the aftereffects of chemotherapy , helplessly weeping over the loss of her hair , and the other girls had sat with her , holding her hands , washing her face , and sharing her tears .
they knew he was right , but they feared banishment and loss of status if the sniveling prince disagreed with him .
he was weak from loss of blood .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , '' mikhail said sincerely .
he still felt the loss like it was yesterday .
the loss of simon blanketed her with sorrow .
`` a loss of respect is more damaging than a bruise or cut .
you 've experienced an overwhelming loss .
i had lived so long with the sole goal of having my curse removed so that i could live a normal life that i was suddenly at a loss when i realized that it did n't truly matter anymore .
for , despite his earlier comments , cezar would have the loss of a titillating form of entertainment , as well as a bargaining tool , if he did n't have his sister to beat up his friends and enemies alike .
one surefire way to kill a vampire ... blood loss .
with all of those bites and the blood loss , he should be dead .
`` how dare you threaten me with job loss !
he loves her like she 's his own child now and her loss is horribly painful .
he eased away from her , hating the loss of the tight clasp of her body , but he 'd already taken enough risks .
`` cassidy , i- '' `` do n't tell me it was the blood loss or delirium or anything like that . ''
or maybe the feeling was just due to the blood loss .
`` they 're the accepted loss , '' she says coldly .
and if he does n't , no big loss .
it 's a good-bye kiss , one filled with loss and pain .
i do n't want her to experience the heavy loss that 's coming .
the pain of that loss had never left me , and nor had the memory of the look in his eyes just before victor killed him .
i thanked the vines for their help , because without it , i 'd no doubt be mourning the loss of five friends and not just one .
reah and i wish to express our condolences on your loss .
drinking in his scent , i curl around him , trying to ignore the loss and devastation i felt in my dream , and in that moment , i know that my deepest , darkest fear would be losing him .
she called over her shoulder , `` your loss , cowboy . ''
second , there was her loss of weight and radical change in physical appearance .
`` we 're so sorry for your loss , '' the lady says .
they pretty much dropped him off , back to his real life , to let his family deal with the memory loss .
he let go of my hand and i instantly bemoaned the loss of his touch .
mad as hell , i turned on him , feeling all the dislike and fear and loss that was running through me coalesce in his direction .
lucian had claimed justin could talk anyone into anything , but he was at a loss here .
`` adrian- '' began marcus , looking more at a loss than i 'd ever seen him .
`` together we have fought , and together endured the loss of our people .
or perhaps she was made blind by the grief of her own loss .
her reaction was extreme , so extreme that tony wondered if it about more than just her missing horse-perhaps a past loss she felt responsible for .
grey found himself at a loss , both for words and action .
the tears were rolling heedlessly down my face , hot spurts of loss and fury , and my nose was running .
`` my condolences upon the loss of your wife , '' percy said quietly .
it dawned on him suddenly that if hunter meant to join the continental army , there might be excellent opportunity of getting close enough to washington 's forces to gain valuable intelligence of them-something that would go a long way toward compensating for the loss of his book of contacts .
i 'd completely forgotten the loss of my hat , and my hair was standing out in a mushroom-like cloud round my head-what was n't sticking to my sweating face and neck .
i was trying to breathe shallowly , because of the pain , but had an overwhelming need to draw deep , gasping breaths ; i needed oxygen , because of the blood loss .
he 'd seen her , and the knowledge of the immensity of his loss struck through his anger like a lightning bolt .
somehow , this loss of a home was the bond between us and it made me feel less alone .
i 'm at a total loss on how to answer him without giving too much away , without giving him a glimpse of my shame .
i cried for the loss of a friend i 'd known most of my life .
she would mourn the loss of the `` good daughter '' for the rest of her life .
i glance over at jet again , still mourning the loss of what we had in new orleans .
the excruciating pain of loss after my father 's death had been eased somewhat by the arrival of derek .
weakness makes you vulnerable , leaves you open to pain and loss .
i see it all in there-the pain , the loss .
she groaned at the loss of him , already wanting more .
`` and you went through the surgery , the therapy , the loss of your career , and you did n't even fucking tell me ?
his heart lodged somewhere high in his throat , and , in despair , he began to shout , 'frances , frances , ' already grasping the scale of his loss , his defeat .
his sharp mind had been hijacked , its lucid parts shredded , just the steady pulse of loss beating through it , the same relentless beat he had heard back in leopoldville .
there is nothing redemptive about the loss of a child , no lessons of value it can teach you .
glancing up , i find her watching me expectantly , her eyes sparkling , her smile infectious , and i smile back , feeling at a loss for words .
this is our shared loss , the strong connection that has kept us together , that made him search me out when i ran .
i 'm not so old that i 'm having memory loss . ''
for most individuals , the loss of a loved one is an excruciating pain and they grieve , eventually moving on .
she tolerated chronic large volume loss when she was with vincent .
i let out a ragged breath , whimpering from the loss of contact .
she immediately felt sad at the loss of contact .
she trembled with the excruciating pain of complete heartache and loss .
the day that had represented loss and pain for so long now represented something entirely different .
i 'd woken devlin up from my crying and he 'd been at a loss at how to deal with me .
a couple of them had qualms about the loss of life they would be responsible for , but none were worried that their soldiers would disobey orders once the operation was started .
or maybe he was delirious from the blood loss .
if i dug back into my neural code , there would be someone crying out in pain , crippled by loss .
the therapist had pointed them out and did what she could to ease them , but few can affect full healing of such a loss .
the loss of mad annie may have lessened monkeys assault on mortals , but she found herself still quite capable of handling her captives , despite the silliness of that ryan who had tried to distract her by standing with her children ( what was that all about ? ) .
this fleet that system , this loss that triumph .
they spoke of loss and victory , of war and retribution , of pride and humility .
aquarius yelled , stepping over the guard who had apparently succumbed to the blood loss from his neck and multiple gunshot wounds .
those who arent killed right away usually die of blood loss related circulatory shock .
whats caused the power loss ?
frustrated over the loss of the disk and data crystal , kim and kat sat in the back of a limo that had picked them up from the main one hospital .
liao blinked , the wooziness returning twice over , probably due to the blood loss and shock of her wounds .
for once , she was at a loss for words .
president westwood was at a loss of words for a few seconds .
the earthquake that had created it had been a long time ago nowten years perhapseli had been too young to remember it explicitly , but the city had held onto the sorrow of that loss .
shouted kate in a rare momentary loss of control .
a blockhead , phil mourns the loss of his respect for the woman sarah with a long sup of his beer .
i could only hope that the affected area had been unpopulated at the time for i shuddered to think about the loss of life that would have resulted .
due to the loss of half of the key science and command staff in the incident on the rimor , instead of his intended job as a coordinator on l1 , adrian had been pressed into command of the hermine .
the sudden loss of gravity caused it to remain airborne in its flightand it soared directly over kaylor ; even as it passed overhead , the beast still tried to reach down and grab him .
he watched , as the tribe retired to their tents , to mourn their loss .
for a moment jon was at a loss for words , he knew that he should have let the girl die and use his strength to escape because that was how he had been trained and it was the right thing to do , but looking back he couldnt understand why he didnt do just that ?
jess expected the fleet to go after the containers , to destroy them , in retaliation for the loss of their prize .
she would be sure to be aware of it , and that would take away the sense of loss that was afflicting her .
both ships began to roll uncontrollably from the loss of primary propulsion .
he was not terribly interested in his new position and seemed at a loss at what to do about it .
everyone deals with loss differently .
his body language suggested he did not really care about the loss of his hand as he looked down .
his eyes widened as liberty continued , expounding about such things as pus , vomiting , and loss of erections .
he gave all manner of pronouncements , mostly having to do with a loss of this function or that , all pulled clearly more from his rectum than a medical text .
you seemed to have sustained some bruises and minor cuts but the blood loss has ceased .
failure would lead to internment in the labour camps for some ; others would be lucky and merely find themselves in a deep hole of financial loss that would take them years to dig out of .
sorry for your loss .
she could feel her mind slipping into the dark , longing for a place where she was at peace , away from the loss of her children , and her father , and finally henry .
he cant fathom my loss !
as the door clicked shut behind the officers , dean brothius said , keryn , im truly sorry for your loss .
when she snatched it from hitting the ground , she felt a loss of power in the crystal as it slowly stopped vibrating .
where there 's gain , there 's inevitably loss .
he was at a loss to know why .
`` and you 've never come to terms with your loss of lute , have you , dase ? ''
she wasnt looking for a relationship , and alec was trying to forget the loss of one .
at a loss for something to do ?
they seemed to be driven only by emotion and the convoluted expectations of their culture , disregarding even the loss of their own lives .
that loss brought an edge of sorrow to what should have been a celebration .
more people were returning to using boda-bodas , and that was forcing other matatu drivers out of work ; but moses had enough money to hold out even if he had to run at a loss for a year or more .
a loud clang , the distinct sound of metal clashing with rock , and the immediate loss of weight at my back means my sword has dropped to the ground below .
thats less than half your original six-foot-two , close to a sixty percent loss in linear dimensions .
she did n't have time to mourn its loss , not when she could still save the other item .
sadness indeed for the romulan empire to see the loss of such a personage .
he still blamed them for the loss of jim and jen ( and they accepted this blame ) .
my most successful weight loss and good weight times , besides on retreat , are when i am deeply in love , she confides .
others came out of various hiding places as a hundred and seventy stood on the main road intersecting the town , loss again to abreon , why !
the loss of the holey killed any chances of more money , sir keep watching , hunter out .
for the loss of her children , sun grieved , crying tears that became the stars .
`` but in the grand scheme , my loss is very small .
with the loss of most of our tanker fleet at zebra 9 , we couldnt afford to risk any of the remaining tankers .
i hope my son , that you will mourn my loss .
i did n't think that thirty-five was really that old and that memory loss ...
despite the huge loss of life it seemed the entire fleet had arrived on auto-pilot .
two bears , the goths and the future mrs. johnny goth picked up the bloody body of small bear and solemnly carried it down the mountain , their victories and joyful reunions sobered by both his loss and the bitterness of his betrayal .
you were treated for a fully penetrated stab wound with associated blood loss and shock trauma .
when finally signaled to speak , anson explained that the gilsum soldiers would meet much bloodshed and loss of life if they went forward .
the river of loss had no source from which to flow , joseph knew .
he wondered if his uncle had felt this same loss of faith and confidence .
it was the loss of civic engagement that came along with this that got those in power interested .
there is no loss here , she is alive and you assholes are just fucking with me , peter said .
she folded her arms , grimacing at a loss as to how to deal with this information .
both looked forward to the birth of their son ; she knowing how devastated hedron had been over the loss of his first two sons and wife shortly thereafter , heartbroken over their untimely deaths .
the system and three planets were fully dedicated to agriculture ; if the war was going to be prolonged , loss of agriculture colonies would be felt throughout the coalition as the food reserves started to diminish .
he never could have known how i felt at that moment , but as a young woman who had never been touched by grief and loss before , i did feel something .
thats because with the loss of a ubiquitous means of instantaneous communication , you arent even in a position to understand it .
there is no time for grieving my loss .
the black represents loss , or would you deny me that ?
and he had never had a family of his own , had never cared for another human being since the loss of undina and reneja .
stranger yet , he felt a loss .
the blood loss was too great , and the woman was alarmingly cool to the touch .
i shouted at savannah , because while he was sputtering from blood loss and as a result of his steadily increasing proximity to death , she was sputtering because she was breaking down into hysterical sobs .
he was at a total loss .
when in the past a few of us were killed , we grieved over their loss , but we resigned ourselves .
he also made mention of the communication loss ; waite was more interested in what he did afterward .
the virgin soldier was at a loss as to how to answer .
a pang of fear and loss stirred within her as she heard his pounding footsteps in her ear .
the galaxy had been boring for a while , he looked forward to testing himself and his people against the golden ones again , he still carried the desire for revenge after over a hundred years since the last defeats by the golden ones and the loss of a few colonies .
the loss of new york , detroit and boston was a body blow by any measure , the number of refugees was staggering alone and over whelming emergency services .
the streets were entirely deserted when marcus and yin arrived , leaving yin at a loss as to what to do .
from the beginning , treadwell had told us he had no interest in attendanceif we didnt show up , it was our loss .
my biggest loss was jarred hanson , one of my closest friends and my personal pilot .
blood splatter filled the air and i was confident that he would either die from shock or blood loss , so i turned my attention back to the hybrid in gray .
you know that convincing the forgiven to protect the belovores will only result in more loss of life .
the weight loss , the dementia , so much saliva and mucus youd think they were goddam geysers .
they 'd been trained well by dollop and understood their overlord 's defeat meant the loss of everything .
the blood loss was the major concern and had to be stopped first .
hes hurting from his loss .
miya is watching me curiously and at a loss for conversation , i press my lips together into a reluctant smile .
the loss of one thruster changed everything .
his cramping had subsided for the most part , but it could start up again with little warning , which would be even more embarrassing than his first loss .
in the fore of his mind , the sharilan waded through the memories of magens homeland , such a strong sense of loss ...
should she remind everyone of the massive loss theyd endured , of the black hole in their lives from here on ?
but then hed never been an adonis and anyhow the loss wouldnt make much operational difference now .
for the crime of misapropriating forbidden energy , resulting in the loss of innocent life , in clear violation of the covenant , i sentence you , gidget brane , to spend 1,000 revolutions on the plains of tuva , in isolation .
what annoyed me a little about the incident was her quick apology , as though she regarded her loss of control as some sort of violation of the rules of an imposed game , a transgression of an implicit agreement between us to remain on the safe surface of things .
i think theyre a little embarrassed by their prize , jake said with a smirk , still hiding the pain of his loss .
as we get to know them , their loss is felt among us .
because of your actions in your previous assignment , martial court has deemed you responsible for the deaths of more than five thousand of its martials and the loss of the city of nova crimea to the eastern sphere .
despite the loss of fifty pounds of muscle and the baggy jumpsuit he wore , muzar still moved with feline grace and purpose , each step and gesture like an orchestrated dance .
put on your pretty face and accept your loss to lord young graciously .
sorry for your loss , but you could have said something ! ''
they want three-fifty , including interest and damages that resulted from the loss .
so instead of leaves , pine trees have developed needles to minimize their surface area and therefore moisture loss .
one chanted , `` through your loss we grow , your pain makes us strong .
but they knew that they were at a grievous loss .
his loss would now be the xenis as well .
feeling lightheaded from loss of blood , he nearly fell back down .
`` kessa risked the loss of her child , her family by the choices she made to join the sisterhood . ''
we knew that many of the helicopters would be destroyed , but their loss was considered acceptable .
the messenger felt the weight of that loss and took action .
jo had suffered the loss of the love of her life , and she couldnt get through to her family in syracuse to see if they were okay .
probably no loss there , she laughed .
all through the gather we had a continuing loss of a few mavericks who would quit the herd and head for the brush .
the loss of the other lives-friends , most of them-stood muted by the precedent of his own earlier , overriding grief .
raych nodded and found himself at a loss for words .
`` no loss at all , '' said michaels emphatically .
less than one fifth of one percent of earth 's food is exported , and in return we obtain , for instance , fertilizers and farm machinery which more than make up for that small loss by increasing agricultural efficiency .
`` on the other hand , i may be wrong '' - and losten seemed slightly amused at the other 's sudden loss of shimmer - `` but never mind that .
there was a distinct sensation of emptiness , of loss , that came to him when he reached for data that should have been there and it was not .
baley felt a certain loss of confidence .
`` it must be someone , gladia , and your sorrow over jander 's loss is extreme .
a populace that endured the loss of liberty would not endure any sign of irreverence to the emperor-alive or dead .
but that would mean a loss of time for me and unnecessary controversy . ''
she could not escape this feeling of loss .
if we go back on our word ... '' she let it hang there a moment while alia smilingly reflected on the potential wrath among the great houses in faufreluches assembled , the destructive consequences to believe in atreides honor , the loss of religious trust , all of the great and small building blocs which would tumble .
`` we ca n't go after lord loss directly-he 's too powerful , '' i find myself telling beranabus , and although i know these are n't my words , that i 'm being used like a puppet , i ca n't stop .
`` then lord loss is n't one of the major demons ? ''
`` i am aware of cornelius 's efforts , '' lord loss chuckles .
`` leave bec in the clutches of lord loss ?
not a total loss . ''
`` you owe him something for the loss of his jetter , '' david ventured .
she was touched by a feeling of loss : that stubborn fool of an atreides !
sarene was just paying the price for her loss of temper .
once , years ago , when the reynolds syndicate had tried to buy into his show , he had learned to use -- and had carried -- a gun : a barber 's hoop with a range of two miles with no loss of peak trajectory until the final thousand feet .
he would choose one as his assistant , and put the other three in apprenticeship programs , saying that the commission should never again be caught with no immediate backups for the loss of important personnel .
madder loss had opened his eyes to the ebbs and flows of history and economics , and had also planted that seed of personal rebellion that had just flowered .
not a wild creature on all of madder loss .
hari did have a complete loss of memory about what had happened in the hall of dispensation .
she concealed a fiercely angry sense of loss .
any more than she should have had the tragedies that marked her past-the loss of her sisters , brother , and parents .
trina was staring at the floor , her gaze so empty that mark felt another pang of loss .
give a boy the loss of his virginity and much else is forgotten .
people wo n't forget him , and that assuages the loss .
that implies a certain loss of control over our circumstances , but tired as i am , i 'll take it in trade .
my heart should be breaking , too , but there comes a point when you 're so inured to loss that you no longer feel the lash .
once activated , the apparatus self-destructed , resulting in the loss of two key personnel .
in wartime , they talk of acceptable loss ; from my training , i know that commanders are prepared to lose up to 33 percent of their troops , and when the representatives present this as a victory , that 's how they 'll describe the people who died here ; but right now , it does n't feel tolerable to me at all .
it 's not that i mind giving them the credits , but on some level , i feel as though they 're cheapening their loss .
anyone who wished for immortality is out of his head , as it means constant loss .
hearing validation of the strike from both march and vel does n't erase my pain at the loss of life .
i mourn the loss of my dear and dedicated friend .
the first danger was blood loss ; the child 's leg had broken , a compound fracture , and it was spurting red where bone had split the skin .
now that dalinar might escape , the potential loss of a plate and blade was too great , and so the shardbearer had been sent to fight him .
part of her mourned the impending loss , but she 'd had enough adventure in the last forty hovxrs or so to last her for the rest of her life , had n't she ?
other analyses were consistent with blood loss .
this thought inflicted her with a momentary sense of unfocused loss .
i think the granola bars are a loss , though .
only thin rags of kelp remained on the surface , and she found the absence of it a loss which she could not explain .
a tragic , tragic loss , as i have said many times on television .
wool lining a total loss .
something , a disinhibiting stimulus fired at the boy by his own prearrangement , would trigger anamnesis-the loss of amnesia , and all the memories would flood back : his conception on cy30-cy30b , the period in rybys 's womb as she battled her dreadful illness , the trip to earth , perhaps even the interrogation .
someone like evelyn derek might panic , might be cowed , might be backed into a corner-but she would never be at a loss for words .
big jim was at a rare loss for words .
maury and i were at a loss for words .
there are ways the loss of a girl 's virginity can be concealed , i think , but i wo n't use them .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , too . ''
he stared at the photo , trying to sort through all the emotions tumbling through him : rage , pain , grief , loss .
`` she ... '' i shook my head , at a loss as to how to explain what was up with her .
for the loss of my second family , even the ones i had n't known as well .
richard was still in pain ; he was limping , and experiencing a strange mental and physical turmoil : feelings of defeat and betrayal roiled within him , which , combined with the near loss of his life to lamia , the damage inflicted by mr. vandemar , and his experiences on the plank far above , left him utterly wrecked .
i was pretty sure that she 'd come under the influence of the neme around the time her husband died ; a sudden personal loss like that makes you emotionally vulnerable and more susceptible than otherwise .
he had forgotten about the loss of his fortune .
the desire to eat human flesh , the oozing sores that had covered his body , the gray , flaking skin and total loss of hair .
will that help alleviate your sense of loss ? ''
in fact , the only time she ever knew something was wrong was by the bruising-she had that in spades right now-or if she passed out from blood loss .
the loss of his hearing , in short bursts or forever , truly was a pleasure for him to bear .
`` we do not know why , '' says eric , `` and it would be easy to mourn the loss of him tonight .
they 're similar , cara and tris , two women sharpened by loss .
`` you were right , we grieve the loss of our sjofn but we have both come to know why you came to care about finnie in such a short time . ''
what he would not have imagined , after the loss he suffered when he lost ilsa , was that madeleine , it would seem , in a very short time was beginning to surpass all the beauty , intelligence and strength that had been his wife .
tiny tim stared across the gorge at his escaped prey , obviously angered at his loss .
the loss of ralph was like a deadweight in his chest-but now was not the time to mourn .
from the high degree of mitosis and loss of differentiation , i 'd grade it a type one malignancy .
the violation and needless loss of life clearly troubled her , but the pathologist drew her attention .
if there was a mother lode of this antimatter , the loss could be more than such scientific .
but rachel recognized his fury was not at the loss of alberto , but due to the fact that the sudden and dramatic death had frightened him .
the room 's occupants , so focused on the task at hand , had n't noted the loss of power elsewhere .
`` i am sorry for your loss .
truly a great loss .
either way , he felt a nagging sense of loss , a foreboding .
`` and this loss of the prisoner was my fault ? ''
`` either way , his loss is my gain . ''
he wonders if he will suffer permanent hearing loss .
`` you-you bought me , '' i said , at a loss .
he thought of the photograph of kate and alyssa behind the bar as he caught something else in her eyes that she could no longer hide-pain , loss .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss . ''
`` we are sorry for your loss . ''
and every way of responding to his loss of youthfulness made him look petulant .
he panicked for a moment , searching about himself , until he realized that his leg no longer hurt and the fuzziness in his head-from blood loss , shock , and possible hypothermia-was gone too .
her heart was still broken from the loss of her grandmother , and the knowledge that wolf could have saved her .
still at a loss .
she did n't carry the weight of those girls because she had settled the debt that was owed for their pain , for their loss .
when they realized the surviving blood were stunned by the violent loss of queens and courts , they rebelled-and decided that dying by the thousands was an acceptable price to pay in order to wipe out the blood in dena nehele .
here was someone who understood what that loss meant to her .
oh , witches adjusted to the loss of their jewels and their craft .
just the word brought my sense of loss crashing down around my ears all over again .
we grieved his loss , and i 'm happy to say that no member of our little family brightly announced that 'it 's better this way ' .
durnik roared in a voice filled with indescribable loss .
her voice was filled with anguish and insupportable loss .
the loss of a few of his companions might upset our invincible enemy .
what made his grief so sharp this time lay in the fact that the loss of astal was his own fault .
`` it must have been a terrible loss . ''
tears of joy and loss slid down my cheeks as i was spun around and hugged by someone else .
i felt your grief for me , your pain and loss even through the distance separating us .
cade had lost a lot in his life ; maybe not as much as i had , but he 'd also experienced great loss and sorrow .
`` i 'm a virgin of consensual age , and blood shed from the loss of my virginity would give grainna her youth and powers , yadda , yadda , yadda .
i 'll ... '' i looked around me , at a loss for what i could do to prepare us to leave our home .
but it 's no longer panic , it 's loss .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss .
from his tone , she could tell the loss still pained him .
the others seemed at a loss till bronze yohn royce cracked his knuckles , and said , `` we did not come for your signature .
mech6.0 felt a sudden drop in power , but was relieved when it was only a temporary loss .
teren 's face remains a portrait carved from stone , but deep in his chest , he feels a twinge of loss .
he blames me for his loss .
if this were the case , however , i find myself at a loss to account for fraser 's subsequent actions .
`` after all , miss mackenzie has not only been subject to public humiliation and ridicule leading to acute distress of mind , but is also threatened with loss of her chief means of support- '' `` she isna threatened wi ' any such thing , '' jamie interrupted heatedly .
`` oh , '' he said , rather at a loss .
`` ah , '' said denzell , still at a loss but game .
william howe had spoken of it with approval-as a successful engagement in which a minimal number of british troops had routed an entire american division , with a loss of only seven men .
jamie felt the loss of each drop as though it left his own veins , and felt cold ; how much could she lose and still live ?
she grieved for the loss of m. newton 's book , yearned for another copy , and wondered what he had discovered about light , the planets , and gravity during the past five years .
the rtg 's heat ca n't keep up with the total loss from the hab 's impressive surface area .
hed been trying to prepare me for her loss .
for some , obviously , the loss has to be so much greater than others .
after a tragic loss and a deep betrayal , she is kidnapped by a sinister group that will do anything to extract a deadly ability she can barely control-even if they kill her in the process .
it was a strange , lingering ache that he felt , a feeling quite different from his loss of arwena , something he had never felt before .
i want to extend my sincere sympathy for your loss for the great lady rosa .
well , if he 'd really rather hang with trina and her posse than with you , m , it 's definitely his loss . ''
she shuddered to think of the loss of control that move would cost her , and knew that no matter how much she wanted to follow him , she could not permit that .
but from all the wounds he had taken , it felt like a loss .
the whole idea of me comforting strangers over a loss in my family is unfathomable .
sarah had already suffered the loss of her sister ; losing a friend was not an option .
after looking at the pictures , she understood the loss he must feel now .
and thats why her mum had felt such a sense of loss when beth had been born !
he was always at a loss for words when he looked at her vacant stare .
but regardless of a win or loss , there will be a party somewhere .
the old man saw that he was at a loss at how to proceed next .
once again he sheltered me while i grieved the loss of someone i loved .
im sorry too , jake , she said in reply to his concern at leons loss .
i 'd been sad , but i had n't understood the full weight of that particular loss yet .
robin stared at her , at a loss for words .
im sorry for your loss .
i sigh with memory loss .
i felt slightly light headed again and decided i needed to stop thinking of brandon ; he brought on weird feelings that i couldnt explain , not to mention dizzy spells that left me dazed with memory loss .
your powers have all become one , which also means its unlocked an additional power you and morgan have both had since the loss of your twins .
and now it was all clear why i had never seemed to recover from the loss of my mother .
she 'd spent the afternoon trying to avoid him so that she would n't inadvertently remind him of his memory loss .
i wondered if the man downstairs had also suffered the same loss .
the evening played out in my mind , accompanying the sick loss of control gnawing on my insides .
nikolas leaned against a wall , looking at a loss for the first time since i met him .
she was at a loss for another option , what else can i do ?
most of the conference followers were more certain than ever that the loss by the foxes made it almost automatic for the whitetown team to win the conference championship .
at a loss for anything to do about it , he opened the front door , made his way to the kitchen and threw his backpack on the granite counter before turning his attention to his rumbling stomach .
not only had he been placed in the embarrassing situation of having to call in the temporary loss of his target , hed also had to endure the taunts on the other end of the line .
she had been given orders to resolve the situation quickly and smoothly , with no loss of life and preferably without drawing too much attention to the fact that rogue police officers were at large in the hospital .
it was one day in the many to follow , with the sudden loss of one of his boots , that a new thought triggered revelations causing him to look up at the incomprehensibility of this relentless flooding and the devastatingly painful effect it must have had on those not lucky enough to live on the neighboring hilltop .
the company of sonnaghs men made it back to the castle , with not a loss among them .
i sit in the middle of the dark hallway , bury my head into my knees , and sob for my loss .
their loss was merely added to my own .
but it is the shock caused by the sudden loss of blood that concerns me most .
in them i glimpse a hint of loss , a hint of resentment , a hint of hope .
it still took a huge amount of courage to step out of the front door to go to the shops , or to walk down to the bridge and see his other friends , all of whom were also mourning the loss , and together , they started to help each other through it .
jas turned around and stared at the creature that had scared him out of his wits and nearly caused him an embarrassing loss of control of some bodily functions .
`` sorry , boys , that 's a loss .
sally shouted at me , youre a dead loss , clint , as she rushed out of the room .
how much would we mourn the loss , say , of the great thinkers , if they werent able to put their thoughts down in books ?
i watch the houses go by , feeling a sense of loss as we leave the neighborhood i have spent the last twelve years in and venture into a new part of town .
suffer to redeem our loss , al - le - lu - ia !
i knew i should have a million questions for him , but besides the question of how he knew about werewolves , i was at a loss .
`` well , yeah , it 's like selective memory loss .
alias # 6.5 wasnt able to use my redundant lessons and it only resulted in the loss of his life .
thoughts had continually swirled in her mind somewhere between the deep sense of loss over her father to the instability of her pending future , or lack thereof .
i wouldnt be all that upset about the loss of mother-daughter bonding time , but i was terrified for whatever man had to put up with my mother for the rest of the evening .
they let the sting of the world be the measure of their loss .
i feel no loss .
selena was at a loss for words .
she still had a long way to go , down a road she hoped shed never see , one paved with loss and loneliness .
the loss of gel was hard for both of them , and she still grieved .
he kept the bulk of his weight off me , as if he knew id hate the loss of independence .
but you know im going , and youre already grieving the loss .
at a loss of what else to do , he embraced her .
at the same time she hated herself for even thinking the loss of another person could come close to the pain of her parents murder .
she didnt care who heard her as she sobbed loudly , tears falling freely at the loss of her cousin .
the room with its myriad memories brought home a crushing loss , greater than ice 's feelings on the day of great cloud 's funeral .
i stood in the center of them , my arms embracing leah and taylor on either side , our expressions happy despite our close loss .
i shrugged , at a loss for words .
the doctors explained that she could not overcome the emotional pain of the loss of my father , and so she created and clung to alternate scenarios in order to blame someone for his death .
xanders deep loss was reflected in his grandfathers face but the elder man kept a stoic visage in front of the police officer .
the last one was to be expected , since he had given her two months to cope with her loss , but he couldnt leave her alone forever not with the national championship getting closer .
i cant save her from loss when it has become everything she is .
death , loss , pain , fear .
that will drive home his epic loss .
he discovered the worst loss of all after walking the perimeter .
the lack of sleep and my loss of appetite are beginning to show .
hours passed but the events that happened after i learned about my loss barely registered .
common side effects may include dizziness , memory loss , aversion to social environments , difficulty with complex verbal communication and thinning of the hair .
they all harboured the same feelings , sad for their loss of loved ones and anxious for news .
unfortunately virginia had no expressions to match corals miscellaneous murmur ; when she was at a loss for something to say , she simply kept her mouth shut .
stories of knights and princesses , of love and loss , of honor .
ever since then , i have been trying to compensate for the loss of my dear brother and our family , but it never seemed to be enough for guinevere or julius .
i know i havent been there for you to help you deal with the loss of your brother .
he was completely engrossed in mourning the loss of his hardwood floor .
he was now at a total loss .
mick watched him , and hoped the boy would have the chance to get past his loss .
i shook my head , at a loss for words .
they belonged to moms pre-weight loss shopping .
* chapter 34 by the time all the lords and ladies had moved into the great hall to take part in the wedding celebrations and feast , most people were already drunk , singing songs of heroism , of great battles , of love and loss .
she could certainly see why mr. awphel showed no concern over their possible loss .
on the verge of complete loss , i looked up , as if to plead to heaven cause hell told me to fuck off , and i saw my savior .
we let fluky mourn his loss as the cordwainer built up a head of steam .
jayson could hear the profound disappointment and loss of respect for him in the womans voice , but had neither the time nor the inclination to explain himself .
the amalekites wasted no time in dispatching the priests , suffering not a single loss of their own .
i was nothing more than an empty vessel , dead after the loss of my sister and now filled only with turmoil , guilt and mourning .
i wanted to add myself to the list , but i wasnt at all certain i could explain my sense of loss .
haroon spice : an intoxicant , currently banned in the empire , which causes hallucinations and feelings of euphoria butover the long termafflicting the consumer with severe weight loss and , oftentimes , dementia .
grief over their loss will be transformed to anger at what they will convince themselves was stolen from them .
these people were becoming instruments of another birth , that of city growth , consumption of natural resources , benefiting from technological innovation , and in doing so , the loss of individual identity ; their families and forebears somewhere else , and probably , a rural place .
what i mean , '' i say quickly , is that i understand why you have n't been able to do anything about i 'm suddenly at a loss for words .
his blood tests showed no treatable cause of memory loss .
in every loss , not the late , but the rest of people are guilty .
im so sorry , he said at a loss for any other words .
luc smiled with affection but his eyes betrayed his sadness and loss .
he had risked his liberty to blackmail that slippery loss adjuster and recover the insurance money he had been denied after his house had caught fire , only to end up worse off than he had been before .
when she talked of daniel , she did it with a sense of loss .
for the first time , alex frost knew what it was like to feel sadness , to mourn the death of someone she admired , to mourn the loss of a friend .
the army of the potomac must be lured into the trap , no matter the loss of confederate life .
*** back in the vastrick offices there were mixed emotions ; sadness at the unnecessary loss of life , mixed with jubilation that victoria achieved in death what she had been unable to achieve in life .
one of'em was an asshole , probably no great loss .
well , ashley leaving you was her loss .
if diggs is too scared of what people might think to admit hes been in love with you since you were sixteen , thats his loss .
the chairman of the lodge sends his regards , and his condolences for your loss , sir .
memory loss tended to make you grateful for odd things .
carlos was at a loss for words .
my apologies for your loss , he said .
it wasnt the bullet that killed him , but loss of blood .
recently , however , even he has been at a loss to describe the events and behaviour weve witnessed in the astra .
however , i am at a loss to explain what those cells are composed of .
how you doing on that weight loss program , deputy ?
my condolences for your loss , jack , but blaming me will not bring your son back .
specifically the loss of the straciatella-ice had made pieter sad .
for the first time in a long while , i was at a loss for words .
my condolences for your loss .
to make up for loss of family time with shirley and jenifer they always tried to take a couple of yearly vacations .
`` jack , remember the famous hitachi directive that got loose a while back , the one on how to market their 256k memory chips , ordering their salesmen just to keep underpricing american manufacturers till they had the sale , loss no object .
a gun battle resulted in the loss of an additional sixteen assets , giving us a final score of : targets - two dozen dead , home team - zero .
i loved my mother and my step-brothers now that we shared this loss .
buildings collapsing in the hundreds , innocents victims running from soliders with massive guns as thousands of rockets soar through a red sky leading to a tremendous loss of life and destruction all around .
`` we are so very sorry for your loss , '' soothed ben , wishing he could take away their pain .
i 'd say even go as far as to take a bit of a loss and put it on the market lower then we bought it for just to make sure someone buys it .
this would result in additional loss of labor , and perhaps , if my guards could not keep them in line , i would be forced to break my vow .
i had received letters from his sister as to the loss she will have to endure if something goes wrong for him .
the loss of one bunker , each on the north and west sides , had weakened his position considerably against a determined infantry assault .
itd be a great loss to this community if you were to be struck down .
she was at a loss to understand how anybody could keep such a secret from someone they professed such deep feelings for - hold it back , like some shameful secret .
regrettable loss of life , he said , but that is the nature of war : the priority must always be to achieve the objective .
he felt the same sense of loss , but unlike her , he was still in shock and acceptance was a long way off .
lot easier to take the loss of someone youre not that close to .
dr. evon was at a loss .
living with the loss and wake up every morning with the emptiness and the silence .
`` know this , no man will fall in vein while attempting to restore our lives , at the same time no loss of life should ever be considered small .
the trauma he endured was massive and the blood loss triggered a stroke , but he is certainly not unresponsive .
please accept my condolences for the loss of your precious son .
her lethargy from blood loss and her constant weeping made her look pathetic .
olin could have placed another with the newspaper to help his cause in getting reimbursed for his loss , but why ?
satisfied with what he saw , bob returned to his pathfinder and back to the freeway , still with most of a beautiful saturday to do as he pleased , but finding he was at a loss what to do with himself .
a tragic loss for all us , and my sympathies to you , '' pat opened his steno pad as he spoke .
he resolved to work on eliminating or at least reducing that feeling the next time ; absence , he knew , was not the same thing as loss and he didnt want to let the slightest sense of sadness mar even his recollections of those quiet times .
sam was at a loss .
the loss of work at the impartial was a blot on his rsum but he was still an exceptionally strong candidate .
they needed consent to insert a catheter into the epidural space to drain the pus , but without contacting yosef they would be unable to proceed unless the procedure became necessary to prevent loss of life .
he was n't the only one to have suffered loss from a tragedy .
do you remember any other bad things that caused your loss of memory ?
dreams plagued his slumber , images filled with pain and loss .
wow , did she all of a sudden loss all sense of sanity ?
everyone in the lodge is so sorry for your loss we were all very concerned for you that it would affect your contribution .
and im truly sorry for your loss .
i know this is a shock and a great loss to you .
that is the age at which the reality of such a loss sinks fully into the heart .
open mouth.a loss for words.it works .
`` oh , just a loss of power . ''
vince asked rather stupidly , completely at a loss what the boy was jabbering about .
when they found one , he was forced to hand over his money or his portable radio or anything else they might want , and the oke would be lucky if he got away with just the loss of his possessions , because , more often than not , he would also get a klap or a hoof .
dahlia , her cheeks stained with tears tears of sorrow for her childrens loss and tears of joy for her gain .
but i saw one , and now i 've come back to make sure that my share of the booty is still intact , on orders of the captain who i met ashore in tortuga , and on the promise of an extra share to compensate for the loss my eyeball .
the sting of their loss continued to cut his spirit to shreds .
she was closest to linda , but i think we all feel the loss of her and the others as well .
not castro , or prohibition , or the merger , or the money , or the loss of the headquarters building meant nothing .
`` well , mr graham , i am sorry to hear of your loss .
the act of returning would only make the loss seem more real , his breath more still , and leaving would be that more painful .
admitting that i had felt the loss of colins company placed me in a position that i had sworn to myself i would never occupy again .
he had to try to believe that because otherwise he would start to slip a little more into the growing pit of total loss of sanity .
in a rush of sensation and sound , like the bomb that had destroyed her home , sadness and loss overwhelmed her .
are you all right with the loss of space ?
then he pocketed my money and for a second , i felt the loss , heard myself saying in a loud voice , they would never get me to go back .
he knew , for the moment , that his feeling of loss was strong .
being at an even greater loss than gus , ted offered , maybe your would-be assassination is not related to toprak ?
the rector shook his head in despair as he considered the loss of human life , considering of course the millions who will not even see morning .
they were mourning the loss of remons global .
there was a lot of blood loss .
so it wasnt a total loss .
in case of my sudden death or loss of physical capabilities my mansion passes into ownership of kevin evanford a nephew who has never become my son ...
scott and eric had lost track of the two girls amidst all the confusion , though they did counterbalance this loss with a couple key finds .
or maybe it was shock and blood loss .
*** kathy was at a loss for what to do .
i feel as big a loss as you must . ''
one day , i told her of my experience in the hospital and the loss of my wife and unknown child .
her entire body shakes from the blood loss as she slides into shock .
alex was at a complete loss as to her next move .
and it wo n't be just a small loss .
it doesnt happen often , but i was at a loss for words .
angels announcement , however obvious , had finalized the little episode with a loss for the good guys .
they all seemed at a loss to understand what had happened here just a few days ago .
of most concern to quinn and bill was loss of life - theirs specifically - at the hands of the obsessor .
possibly its to do with endorphins or something , but trust me , the high to be gained from a huge loss can be just as intense as that induced by a win .
and even if it was only for a moment , that one moment of pure joy broke through years of sadness and loss .
when you decide to open your mind , to look past your loss , you will see .
keeping busy helped numb my mind to the loss i felt deep in my gut .
in my other life , i would n't let go of my mourning and loss over deidre .
and , again i am really sorry for your loss , '' i added .
everything about her was perfect hair , make-up , clothes but the years and loss of a husband had added weight to both body and soul .
he continues , out of control for a brief moment : youve no idea how much the loss of someone youve never truly known can poison your soul - poison your whole family !
they walked to the nearest moscow substation , and jerrick was at a loss of words .
apu was a measurement of speed that had been rendered obsolete after the loss of faster than light travel and had never been picked back up after its re-invention .
um , thanks , said archie , at a loss at what else to say .
as the bruises on their bodies yellowed , their spirits got more upbeat , despite their remorse for the loss of the treasures and of their three buddhist colleagues .
she did not understand what was happening and was at a loss as to what to say .
i know much about loss .
for once he was at a loss for words : empathy did not come automatically to him .
well eat the loss and poke around .
feeling at a loss , he ran to a pay phone , ducked into an alleyway , and called julia bentley-blackwell .
buckley and the others were startled by this loss of composure .
not surprisingly , they had all commented ; not only was the camerlegno responsible for planning the sacred conclave , but he had to do it immediately on the heels of the loss of his mentor , the pope .
if this is true , then i am truly sorry for your loss .
rs the senator seldom felt totally at a loss of understanding , but as he reread rachel 's words , he had no idea what to make of them .
he 's really upset with the loss yesterday .
then there 's the bowaters ' case against drax for the loss of all that newsprint .
after the loss of his brixham trawler , he had thought out this new way .
in its usual discreet headlines it was still leading with the loss of the vindicator .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , '' reacher said to her .
`` deeply sorry for your loss . ''
wim glanced at the reports once , put them through the incredible computer that was his brain , and almost instantly calculated the percentages of profit or loss to the company .
that was the greatest loss of all .
despite the loss of george morton , there were still lots of people like thesefamous , high-profile people committed to changewho would lead the next generation to a more enlightened future .
i 'm sorry about your loss .
there was no paralysis , but a definite decline in motor skills and coordination , along with severe memory loss and an inability to concentrate .
each new claim brought with it a scant new ray of hope , and , as adam was quickly learning , also the potential for another loss .
then he squeezed the man 's neck just below the jaw between his bicep and forearm , clamping down the man 's carotid arteries and inducing a swift loss of consciousness .
*** epilogue officially , the loss of andros v , the manned spacecraft that burned up as it reentered the atmosphere , was explained on the basis of mechanical failure .
a fractured skull with a great loss of bloodand severe brain damage .
how many times in the past three years had he spoken of the intimate , often painful subject of his memory loss with martin .
having sent the general assembly into a frenzy by presenting the evidence against iran in the bombing of the american airliner and the loss of 181 lives , the president had stopped for an impromptu press conference with the media , clustered around him like hens at feeding time .
since coming aboard the resurrected treadstone , marks had learned quickly that it was a mortal sin to mistake willard 's age for a loss of vigor .
`` there 's no excuse for your loss of faith . ''
`he fornicates indiscriminately , threatening the women he favours with loss of employment for themselves and their husbands , even brothers and cousins .
they were all hesitant their first time , loath to enter a place associated with pain , grief , and loss .
he knew they would watch him carefully but nonchalantly , trying to detect any loss of enthusiasm , or cynicism , or hopelessness .
'you 'd wear that nightgown for roughly five seconds before i tore it off and then you 'd have to charge the government for the loss of personal property .
these homeowners are entitled to compensation for their frustration , embarrassment , loss of enjoyment , and emotional distress .
they filled the woods now , less shrill , but more painful for the loss of power .
nothing will be gained , only a loss of concentration where it 's needed . ''
of course , if the short seller knew that the price of a given security would drop , and even the exact moment when that would happen , any risk of loss would be nonexistent .
but i 'm at a complete loss .
my dear child : i am aware that you are not particularly fond of me and accept the fact as my loss .
the reverend read some scripture and delivered words of comfort for the loss of a loved one , even an old one who had lived a full life .
if a nazi assassin was inside , he would be deterred not by any humanitarian considerations , such as the loss of an innocent life , but instead by practical ones .
`` copying causes detail loss , '' reacher said .
he felt old and tired and at a complete loss .
so , while i enjoyed poppy 's company - she could have made the devil laugh - i held part of myself away from her , afraid of the intimacy that would make her loss even more painful .
`` your loss , brutus , '' ty laughed as they came up to the elevators and he punched the button .
zane chuckled despite the frustration and lingering sense of loss .
she placed a hand on her belly , remembering the pain and her loss .
`` his loss ... our gain . ''
she tried to imagine losing her mother , then her father , but it was a loss she could not comprehend .
the animals ' deaths were a tragic loss , but lorna had also watched three men 's bodies hauled out of the forest , their skulls crushed , their throats ripped out .
she searched her heart for some sense of loss .
kat shook her head , at a loss .
isaak and baldric seemed unconcerned about the loss of electricity .
dr. polk 's death , while a tragic necessity , was still a profound loss .
he finally had to turn back to the window-driven away not by shyness , nor even out of politeness , but from an overwhelming sense of loss for what might have been .
their target also noted their arrival-igniting his already frightened flight into a full rout-but blood loss and exhaustion had taken their toll .
but the car remained , full of happy memories of two brothers ruling the world , along with grimmer recollections of loss , pain , and good-byes said too soon .
the loss had nearly destroyed roosa and left lasting scars .
but now i anticipate the depression , and that allows me to take the despair and sense of loss in stride . ''
he wanted to be sensitive to her loss .
she could n't help it , could n't change that without leaving him open to more pain and loss than he 'd already experienced .
he did n't know what he was doing ; he was just trying to deal with the loss of his father , his fears and basic survival .
my loss of everything .
i 'm truly at a loss as to what to do now .
after all that blood loss , he needs to rest . ''
there is so much loss and mourning around us at the moment , it 's as if there simply is n't room for any more , callous as it sounds .
more than this was the aching of his heart and soul at the loss of mario and the capture of caterina .
but ezio , let my words preserve the message and make a record of our loss . '
`` partial vision loss , dry mouth , fire in the head ? ''
as he noted in his reports , he initially hoped that someone-maybe sean price-would contact him , act on a perception that jay was vulnerable , laid waste by loss .
the captains and lieutenants and inspectors were holding their own memorial across town with fine china and french cuisine at locke-ober , but the foot soldiers were here in roxbury , trying to voice their sense of loss for a man they 'd barely known .
with a complete loss of pressure , most of the water boiled off .
`` and if there 'd been pressure loss there 'd be a starburst pattern in the sand .
we could have closed in on hooky - he was having a hard time , slowed by his injured leg , the pain and loss of blood - but we allowed him to remain ahead of us .
cale still ached at the memory of the mammoth loss .
valerie pressed her hand to the wound , trying to slow the loss of blood , and then spared a glance for igor .
so much pain and loss ... `` we ca n't delay , '' the guard was saying now .
just what you need when recovering from blood loss , but i was bruised , not anemic .
i would mourn and scream and grieve their loss , and i would never get that close to anyone again , but i would not let them suffer needless agony because i could n't let them go .
it still smelled so familiar , and claire felt the loss of shane , of her friends , hit her hard once again .
apologizing profusely on the outside , and cursing at the loss of my afternoon pick-me-up on the inside , i 'd shoved my card in his face and told him i 'd pick up the dry cleaning bill .
`` he bit you , emma ... there was so much blood loss .
monique was rarely at a loss for words .
i struggle every moment against loss of control .
she could n't afford weight loss .
the priest had piled every blanket available over raven 's ice-cold body , but he was certain she had died from loss of blood .
he had suffered tremendous blood loss , and the tainted blood of the vampire contacting his skin through the owl 's feathers was burning deeply into his flesh .
she caught a glimpse of gregori before she closed her eyes and let herself cry for the loss of her two friends .
his strength was waning rapidly from loss of blood and the terrible wounds she had inflicted upon him .
he felt the curious , disorienting wrench , then the overwhelming sense of loss , the black stain spreading across his soul .
she knew his thoughts , his terrible sorrow for the loss of his wife some six months earlier .
she pulled on the clothes , a little shaky from the blood loss and the terrible fear that welled up each time she looked at the shocking hole in his chest .
she was still weak and dizzy with the loss of blood from his voracious feeding .
looking at him , darius was at a loss for words .
her loss of control was terrifying .
stefan seemed at a loss for words .
his heart was shredded , his blood loss too great .
three of the six spear wounds should have killed him , along with the sheer volume of blood loss , but somehow the earth itself is putting them back together . ''
it forced them to sell their stock in hopes of recouping the loss of revenue , and nonno has been quietly buying it .
it was like dating someone with short-term memory loss .
`` i know how to treat severe blood loss , '' she yelled belligerently .
malkom roared with impotent fury , his eyes going wet with loss .
no matter how deep her ache over the loss of kellan , nor her contempt for those she held responsible , her duty to the order had to come first .
he could still feel the sense of panic , of marrow-deep loss , as his connection to mira thinned and stretched ... then snapped , sending him drifting away from her , unmoored , lost in a sea of darkness .
`` no , '' theo said firmly , `` it is quite natural to have some loss of memory around such an event . ''
the difference struck a chord in me i had n't known was there , and my vision darkened when my blood loss could n't cope with the new demand .
it was n't blood loss .
claire flipped another page , wrote down memory loss aft .
`` your loss of family . ''
hugh almost died of blood loss on the way to the hospital .
with the loss of their king , many members of the clan had wanted to leave scotland .
no , she thought , a dark panic rising with the loss .
`` you brought me here for a reason , i assume , '' gabrielle said , trying not to mourn the loss of kendra 's humanity or fear the dangerous being who made kendra what she was .
a surge of loss hit her so hard that she gasped from the pain .
with her symphath senses , the three-dimensional structure of sadness and loss and shame was as real as any building you could drive by , look around , or walk through .
their fury was so well matched that for the first time in his life , he was at a loss .
i understand loss , elise .
`` should n't you be holed up somewhere , crying over your loss of the lovely elena ? ''
`` mr. and mrs. cartwright , i am so sorry for your loss , '' she said warmly , holding their gazes .
lucia could n't fathom the pain and loss he was feeling , the confusion .
kade listened , reluctant to admit the pang of sympathy he had for his father and the loss he suffered .
it was rare that anyone left the earl of woolsey at a loss for words .
she 'd been woozy from blood loss when victor had brought her in here , but aware enough that she understood what the men said as they kept victor updated with what was going on .
`` got rid of ... ... '' for a few seconds , i was at a loss .
his quiet voice , the compassionate quality to it , soothed the ache , gave her an anchor in the helpless sense of loss that suddenly threatened to swamp her and produce more mortifying tears .
`` then i am at a loss .
i know the kind of loss you 're feeling .
and the vampires would be once again lawless , leaderless ... she struggled to care , but all she felt was the weight of loss and fury .
`` i am sorry for your loss , little one . ''
elena , truly at a loss , took it from him , turning it over .
the loss of a friend is a terrible , tragic thing , especially when it happens suddenly , without warning .
`` that you 'll be so weak from loss of blood that you fail during the next challenge and are chosen to die . ''
i can even ken what love and loss drove him tae do .
it did still hurt , and tears were crowding her eyes , but she was nowhere near sobbing with the agony of loss she 'd suffered .
he did n't know how such a deep loss could ever be overcome .
that night , hundreds of lyccans had gathered around the family cemetery , paying their respects to the morettis for their loss .
as soon as she hung up , amanda felt ill as she remembered her loss .
closing his eyes , he felt crippled by the pain of her loss .
then you 'll feel her loss all over again . ''
even so , watching nick with his mother reminded stryker of the loss he 'd once suffered , and it pained him to see nick grieve like that .
he 'd never gotten over their loss .
`` trust me , it was n't much of one , and it was no great loss .
and that made him every bit as sad as the loss of hector .
and still his heart ached at the loss of kody 's friendship .
no wonder his bride dreaded the loss .
he had to be starving , but he was clearly at a loss .
clary had looked at jace with sad eyes , and he 'd known that even though she 'd hated valentine and had never had any reason not to , she still felt jace 's loss .
somewhere simon had heard that yawning was a sign of blood loss .
`` i thought catarina loss was the warlock representative , '' said luke , surprised .
magnus wondered what it was like for luke to look at sebastian , whether the resemblance to valentine , who had once been his parabatai , was painful , or whether that loss had faded long ago .
as long as there is love and memory , there is no true loss .
i had n't even come to terms with the loss of fiona , and caden was pretty much delivering bishop 's death sentence .
i was at a momentary loss , until i recalled something he had said .
she looked up and down witch light road , clearly at a loss as to how her target had disappeared .
he must know that if he removed the metal , the blood loss would put him out of this .
`` only if they 're immortal and ca n't be killed from blood loss .
and weakened from blood loss .
my gaze dropped to jenks , and he shrugged , at a loss as well .
i thought of ceri and the girls , what the loss of trent would mean to them .
he loved , he knew loss , and he would fight to keep what was dear to him , the rest be damned .
she found my own memories of loss , and pain , and failure , learning from them , and i took a deep breath as the sting of a dart found me .
god , i was at a loss .
maybe he 'll grow to resent you , maybe he wo n't , but either way the loss will kill him .
and yet , part of elin mourned the loss of the thane she 'd hoped he was , the man she must have invented in her mind .
god , the loss still hurt .
after the loss of eve , the souls had stopped pushing aden to learn who they were .
in his grief , he 'd hoped to ensure that no female would ever again approach him , that he would never again have to suffer the loss of a loved one .
as the walls closed around him , he mourned the loss of the outdoors .
fainting and blood loss ruined a good torturing every damn time .
but it was n't because of blood loss or pain .
if it were n't for the fact that she knew something even more pleasing to the eye awaited her , she 'd be feeling an extreme sense of loss for not being able to see him wearing those pants .
funny , the victory feels more like a loss .
my grief , my loss , it all happened a very long time ago . ''
it almost felt like petey shared my loss , like he knew her too , or at least knew what it felt like to miss somebody that much .
six months later , fresh out of the sagean st. sapphire 's school and still grieving the loss of my grandmother , i arrived .
the loss of him was immense .
my loss of control upset me enough that i sort of wanted to go back to my room and hide under the covers .
and as the spasms slowly grew weaker , she mourned their loss .
in truth , she did not know if she could bear the loss .
unable to deal with the loss of his daughter .
he was inaccessible to me , and that was a loss greater to me than i was willing to admit .
once in a lifetime was too much for the loss she was sustaining now .
`` i am deeply sorry for your loss .
it burned her , but she did not care-for another suffered far more because of its loss .
when you were born with the mark , i should have treated you equally , but the realization that i would n't have nolan with me for long made me focus all of my attention on him , because i was n't well enough to see anything except another loss .
one of the few childish fancies i 'd allowed myself after the loss of my mother and older sister .
despite her own heartbreak , her own loss , gentry had taken the girl under her wing .
all of those people , their families ... their loss , their pain , their suffering ... it could still be because of me . ''
total loss of control .
not a lethal wound , but blood loss could pose a major problem .
`` but the ritual was n't a total loss .
her loss will be felt keenly for decades .
mine was the c-a-t , military issue , but no matter how good it was , if you kept one on too long , you risked major nerve damage , loss of a limb , and death .
if their loss was permanent , i 'd gained some of the normalcy i longed for , but it might cost me the man i was falling in love with .
`` but ... '' she still seemed at a loss for words .
`` unless one of marie 's people went behind her back - and that 's unlikely - or one of mine did , i 'm at a loss . ''
but what surprised me was how many of them stopped her to say how sorry they were for her loss .
their own loss pulling them into a dark abyss i had hoped they would never find .
`` he can handle the core loss since he 's the most powerful of his four . ''
passing out from loss of oxygen now , however , would not be a good idea .
it had been more than the loss of his freedom , more than the agony of being unable to slake his hellish thirst , more than his desire for a woman .
he had never loved eleanor , but he had grieved for the loss of his child .
alex had fixed a dinner that no one ate , and now they sat there , too numb with loss and grief to speak .
elena woke with an overpowering sense of loss .
if not , bringing her here would not be a total loss .
wiser than most , to be sure , but with the loss of her powers , she had also lost her arrogance .
`` mr. herveaux doing okay after the loss of his father ? ''
there was only a grim resignation , a loss of pride .
he did n't feel any sorrow or regret for a stranger , but he did understand how the loss of kin hurt .
kylie considered telling jane doe-the spirit needed a name , and jane doe was as good as any-that her memory loss might be more about the eight-inch scar running across her head than your average amnesia .
i opened and closed my mouth , completely at a loss about how i was supposed to deal with the fact that i now had proof my mom was on a first name basis with foley-not to mention foley 's perspective on my parents ' careers-so i asked the most basic question i could think of .
but in order to see those nights , i 'd have to figure out a way to deal with loss , to mourn lives that would end , even as mine continued .
you could see the pain in their faces , the shock of their loss .
and i am at a complete loss .
`` our condolences for your loss . ''
`` we 're so sorry to hear of detective jacobs 's loss , '' i said .
because that 's what pummeled him as he made love to lily , as he drove into her again : that he needed this woman , this human , who siphoned his power and behaved at times like a vampire , who responded to his body as though she 'd always been with him , who wept at the loss of her family .
for one of the few times in his life , he really was at a loss .
enough grief and why would anyone go through such terrible loss again ?
as she and lorelei worked to get the blood-feeding-tube down quinlan 's throat , she doubted he 'd succumb to a loss of will , or anything else like that .
but roberto was n't at a loss for words .
`` i do n't mourn the loss of your panties at all , '' johnny murmured into her ear .
she would no more survive his loss than he would survive hers .
`` if it were n't for the fact that i know it would destroy her , that she would not survive the loss of you , i would take her away , '' julian said softly .
though they hated her now , the last thing she wanted was for one of them to get hurt , for one of them to experience the heart wrenching loss that clung to her .
`` the blood loss is from the cuts on her neck , there are to be no more questions .
yet , he could n't acknowledge that loss , not now .
but he sensed these were tears of sorrow and loss , not of joy .
it was n't anger that tore through him now but a sense of loss so profound that it nearly drove him to his knees .
now there was only hurt and loss and suffering .
none of the married couples in their family ever long-survived the loss of a spouse , but riley was determined her mother would be the exception .
her inevitable mourning for the loss of her mother was so deep even the old one tried to comfort her .
he pushed his feelings aside in order to survive the things he had to do , but she felt it , that burning sorrow at the loss of a man he considered family .
`` i have suffered a recent loss myself . ''
she was glad no one had been there to see these moments of insecurity and loss .
victoria looked at verbena , at a loss for how to respond .
the bastard 's loss .
kelly did n't know about her power loss .
too much blood loss for both of them .
`` too much blood loss can kill a vamp . ''
indood , the doctor was considorably loss agilo than many othors sotrakian had oncountorod .
she folt no affinity for hor formor domicilo , no pangs of rogrot or loss as she stoed in hor son 's room .
the hijacking looked to be ovor in loss than ono minuto .
he 'd ultimately paid the price , with the death of his son and the loss of his mate .
gren had increased his power lately and his two disciples were at a loss to explain it .
rene 's loss was a grievous one .
i knew about loss .
i walked toward the door , willing myself not to run-from lucius , from fate , from the loss of bo .
`` yes , i 've lived a long , full life , but now-after all these years-it seems it was full of loss and heartache more than anything else . ''
'what you are n't feeling , ' my mother said offhandedly , 'is the loss of your talent .
`` everyone knows that the transatlantic shipment of slaves will be outlawed here within the next few years , '' he says with a wistful sigh , as if bemoaning the loss of a hallowed tradition , `` and measures must be taken to maximize profit now , while we can .
i 've had losers walk away from their debt before and i 've taken the loss , but you were by far the biggest amount .
the loss of what i thought was love , the realization that it was al a lie , was what ground my heart to a slow stop .
no matter what grief or loss takes place , most of life flows on all around us , as though nothing 's changed .
it 's a cowed and quieted group of ship 's boys that meets in the foretop in the coming days , as the brotherhood mourns the loss of one of its own .
club kids a through d are a total loss , but amber 's sure to be a keeper .
'i am so sorry for your loss . '
the corpses tore at his robe desperately , pulling him down into the abyss of loss and misery .
months of grief and loss swirled inside me , invading every cel , every pore .
wanting nothing more than to take that guilt away , i was at a loss as to how i could .
i was feeling too much-anger , hurt , loss , hate , love , and everything else that had been muted while ares ' sons had been camped out inside my body .
since she can not leave her hive house , this is considered a rude reminder of her loss of freedom .
the part that really scarred me-separate from the guilt and loss of my pet , of course-was that i earned a nickname after the incident .
was she talking about living broken , living with loss ?
there was a sense of distance and loss flooding through us .
numbness flooded my soul , smoothing the ache of collin 's loss .
that strange feeling of loss was n't as bad now .
all the while , mr. givens , who was aware of the autopsy results full well by then , would assume that sylvie , the chairman of the board , was compensating him for the mrsa infection christian had contracted at swithin , that the money was reparation for his loss .
`` i am sorry for your loss , ari . ''
`` the only relative he has left is haven , and i assure you she is n't grieving that loss . ''
`` because of you , i 've found fear and have finally experienced loss .
he does n't tell me he 's sorry or ask how he can fix it because we both know we 're at a loss .
sure , you may have shown me that laura 's not the best friend i 've ever had , which is probably better in the long run , but i still feel the loss .
i know you 've got the whole temporary memory loss thing going on , but how could you forget eleven years ' worth of little miss pain in the you know what ? ''
but , i suppose it is only human failing that is to blame for the loss of punctuality . ''
i 'd rather talk about lenny 's pubic hair loss issues , too .
dee 's tears poured through the bond , her whispered denials kept coming , and god , he would 've given his own life at that moment to take away her pain and loss .
elliott , never at a loss for words , says , `` come along , my love . ''
despite his loss of bodily control , thomas 's mind was clear .
chapter 61 i am not usually at a loss for words , but the sight of jaimy fletcher , dressed in fringed buckskin , sitting alone in a canoe in the middle of the american wilderness , with a look of total amazement on his face , robs me of all power of speech .
the end of monstrumology , the immediate and irrevocable loss of nearly two hundred years of unselfish devotion by men who dwarf all those who came after them , myself included .
sure it 's extra weight that could be better used for cargo , but the piece of mind the guns afford outweighs the loss of freight tonnage , for there are pirates abroad in these waters , some of whom i know by name , and many of them do not hold me in the highest regard .
`` i 'm very sorry for your loss , '' he said .
the surge of adrenaline rushing through my veins makes me feel like i 'm flying high without the loss of control that drugs or alcohol brings .
i imagined edmund standing on the landing upstairs , listening to their old loss , tears streaming down his weathered face .
as i tugged on the dun brown trousers with a tie at the waist , i knew a moment 's regret for the loss of the dresses i had n't even wanted at first .
quite apart from the fact that i 'm at a total loss to understand the way you 're treating me now anyway !
if allie wanted to stay , then she had to accept the loss of her friends , and not even try to rescue nick and lief .
while jill was capricious , jix enigmatic , and moose , damaged by the loss of squirrel , milos was the one she could trust .
she made a needy whimper of protest at the loss of his lips and the sound was like an electric bolt straight to his groin .
he will be upset again and you can not afford the complete loss of his allegiance .
that his parents do n't have to suffer the loss of their second child .
besides the loss of humanity i felt strongly , there was the real possibility i would n't live past my eighteenth birthday anyway .
it was n't possible to feel this much pain , this much loss .
she asked how marion was coping with the loss of her sister and her position at the center .
this is ... '' i was at a loss for words .
`` i 'm sorry , '' i say , breathless , my heart pounding , `` i just - '' i shake my head at a loss for words .
he seemed tired and introspective , and she wondered if it was the loss of a granddaughter he did n't know affecting him so profoundly , or something else entirely .
so she 's like , `` i 'm at a loss , sutter .
that dehumanizing loss of safety .
`` it would be no loss to the navy , for you are the most pathetic bunch of pansies that ever tried to pass for men ! ''
over the loss of your trust , your first love .
in each room and hallway he moves through , cam feels an intense surge of loss , but it 's balanced by the anticipation of the many rooms ahead .
he did n't seem to have any memory loss that they could tell but because he was a football player the doctor wanted to do a ct scan .
she had changed ; she had been reborn an ankh , and yet she suffered her brother 's loss despite his heritage .
if you get half as excited watching it as you did the day it was filmed , i would say that 's a big win , not a loss . ''
i was n't sure if it was at my loss of composure or at bishop 's brazenness .
this could n't be blood loss .
the admission made me feel guilty , like i did n't deserve to be standing in front of all this loss , untouched .
richard was still upset about the loss of his bag .
a chance at getting everything he 'd ever wanted or the loss of everything he 'd ever wanted .
the man she 'd once mourned the loss of had done this .
i 'd mourned the loss of him , and they could no longer use him against me .
until i could see for myself the devastation of his loss .
my mom 's mouth hung open and she was for once at a loss for words .
instantly , my chest burned with the loss .
`` i am at a loss , '' she hiccups , holding the handkerchief to her mouth .
i brushed past her , hating the way her skin felt against my shoulder when i did , the way it lit as need and amplified the loss .
but jared had known so much , so much pain , so much loss .
`` i 've suffered a lot of loss in my life . ''
i drew back , frozen , unable to think ; my heart pounded in my chest as the realisation of the loss that could never be retrieved flooded my angry heart , bringing a cascade of tears down my cheeks .
to have him gone feels like a loss , an absence haunting me every day .
maybe it was n't such a loss after all .
i blame blood loss .
maybe it 's because he was light-headed from blood loss , but probably he was just drunk .
`` i 'm sure you do physically , but emotionally and mentally you have gone through a terribly traumatic experience , and adding that on top of the memory loss , this has to be hard on you . ''
watching with horror as the lives of three of the most important men in my life hung in the balance , i felt an overwhelming sense of loss .
i wanted to feel a sense of loss , but i could n't .
i was at a loss for words , panting as the image faded away and i was back at the blood keep , fully aware of my surroundings , in the presence of the invisible one , the elder , who held my very life in his hands .
and an overwhelming sense of loss crashed over me .
she pulled her hands away from me , and i felt suddenly bereft at the loss of her touch .
no matter how clean dr. p had promised the report had been , or how purely accidental my loss of control on the wheel , it could n't tell me about my general trending behavior , my influences , whatever darkness i might have been going through that dragged us to the deep below .
james glanced at kate , and he must have seen the same thing henry did : that keen sense of loss , as agonizing as it had been for her when she 'd faced the inevitable death of her mother .
perhaps never completely whole , because nothing can fill that gap of loss .
maybe while hanging out with hugo he could finally ignore the loss for a while .
`` no great loss there . ''
`` a foul loss , '' nollin uttered bleakly .
`` how-how did you come back from that kind of loss ? ''
the screens are all destroyed , and judging from the loss of temperature regulation , the generator is-oh , no .
normal weight loss would 've given me a chance to get used to being lighter by increments , but i had to get accustomed to all at once .
i glance over and monarch is doing the exact same thing as gabrielle , both of them at a loss of control of their bodies .
`` well , i remember what i told the police thirteen years ago , which is n't a hell of a lot , since i was six and emotionally f**ked up , '' i say , telling myself not to get my hopes up but i can already feeling the emotions pressing up , the ache connected to the loss of my parents .
even the babies , who did n't know what they were feeling or where that aching , fathomless loneliness had come from , were in a state , mourning a loss they would n't begin to understand for years .
with everything that had happened , the loss of her mother , and now the accident ; i knew i could n't turn my back on her , not now , not ever .
his chest was always broad , so he did n't look too skinny even after the weight loss .
when he realized who it was , i think he was at a loss for words .
the idea , whether it was true or not , made me miss her a little less , made the ache of her loss and my guilt over her death a little easier to bear .
she watched the tear swell then splash to his cheek , and the sour scent of his loss and despair-and , worse , the scorch of his self-contempt-balled in her throat .
i was at a loss for how to say enough without saying too much .
i did n't understand , and now i felt that familiar pang of loss and hollowness inside me .
the loss of the puzzle box still smarted , but at least he had this puzzle of his father 's with him .
there was something honest and raw in our kisses ; a gasp of fear or impending loss that we could n't or would n't acknowledge in conscious thought .
for the first time in recent memory i was at a loss for words .
`` i 'm sorry for your loss , '' burnett said .
it did n't even matter if that loss had just meant that her uncle , and possibly even her aunt , had been turned and faked their own deaths .
and if he does n't , it 's his loss . ''
i did n't want to show up at kylie 's pissed off , so i pictured the way she had looked on the couch , eyes closed , ribs more prominent from her recent weight loss , her br**sts bursting out of her bra cups .
we do n't know how long it 's going to be until torak wakes up , and he 's not going to take the loss of the orb philosophically .
geran had learned to live with the loss of his family , and he now seemed to want to spend most of his time in my library with my copies of the mrin and darine .
we can distract zakath without the loss of a single man-unless we count this issus fellow . ''
the loss of a few ships and a few thousand men is a small price to pay for a real king on the throne of cthol murgos . ''
then she lifted her pipes and began to play a sad song of regret and loss .
the old gray wolf raised his muzzle and howled , a sound of such piercing anguish and loss that garion 's heart wrenched within him .
it would only make me volatile and though i 'd always remained mostly in control , this loss of restraint could get someone hurt .
the ice encasing me was melting ; i was beginning to understand that loss was not an excuse to hide from people , and love .
now that we were stopped , now that i was alone , now that i was n't focusing upon inane little things like cade 's interaction with jenna , i could n't stop the flood of loss and memories that surged through me .
there was still a ragged sense of loss and uncertainty within him , but he was far more at peace now than he 'd ever been in his lengthy life .
apparently , the loss of a family member was enough to bring her a reprieve from the cruelty of her classmates .
cassie 's heart ached for him , ached for the pain and misery and loss she sensed beneath his cavalier tone .
cassie met her gaze for a brief moment , a surge of hope spurting through her at the sorrow and loss that filled her old friends gaze .
she had already dealt with the loss of her son , and was simply just waiting for it to come true .
she sobbed for all of the unfairness in the world , for all the loss and pain she had experienced .
the only thing i could think of was the vast sense of loss that was already welling up in me at the mere thought of losing brennan .
despite great sadness and loss , she will prevail , as she alone holds the noblest and purest of hearts .
they had held off questioning him too seriously up until now , since the loss of blood apparently made him a little woozy and not so lucid all the time .
i shook my head , at a loss for what to call us .
and how i never want to experience the loss my parents have .
how i do n't want to live with the loss .
nothing i ever did or said could help him get over the loss of her .
`` i am most sorry for your loss , my queen . ''
despite it all , despite knowing her friends might be dead , despite the loss of the king , she smiled - a thing of triumph , not glee .
my blurry vision had n't been from tears but from blood loss .
`` i 'm so sorry for your loss . ''
the happiness i 've found has crept in , and rather than just being about pain and loss , it 's a story about what can grow out of that .
maybe have a little hearing loss you 're ashamed to admit to ?
i was at a loss for what to say to comfort him .
her eyes were swollen and bloodshot , making them look even greener , and i thought she never looked more beautiful because i knew the tears she shed were for me and the loss of her hope for us being together .
