Any other answer would cause the mermaid to turn into a raging Gorgon who would drag the ship to the bottom of the sea, all hands aboard.
Kites are aircraft that are tethered to the ground or other object (fixed or mobile) that maintains tension in the tether or kite line; they rely on virtual or real wind blowing over and under them to generate lift and drag.
The two main aerodynamic forces acting on any aircraft are lift supporting it in the air and drag opposing its motion.
Bike Boys, Drag Queens, & Superstars: Avant-Garde, Mass Culture, and Gay Identities in the 1960s Underground Cinema.
Drag racing is two cars head-to-head, the winner proceeding to the next round.
When a diffuser is installed under the car, the amount of drag force is significantly lowered, and the overall aerodynamics of the vehicle is positively adjusted.
Aether drag and aether density 
The latter decision, although puzzling in the context of double refraction, was consistent with the earlier treatment of aether drag.
A drogue is a drag device used to slow or help steer a vessel running before a storm in a following or overtaking sea, or when crossing a bar in a breaking sea.
If the weight is suspended off the seabed it acts as a spring or shock absorber to dampen the sudden actions that are normally transmitted to the anchor and can cause it to dislodge and drag.
It was influenced by modern aerodynamic principles developed for aviation and ballistics to reduce aerodynamic drag at high velocities.
He dropped the hammer and feather at the same time; because of the negligible lunar atmosphere, there was no drag on the feather, which hit the ground at the same time as the hammer.
Fletching that is not arranged to induce rotation still improves accuracy by causing a restoring drag any time the arrow tilts from its intended direction of travel.
He also identified and described the importance of dihedral, diagonal bracing and drag reduction, and contributed to the understanding and design of ornithopters and parachutes.
Base bleed uses a small pyrotechnic charge at the base of the projectile to introduce sufficient combustion products into the low-pressure region behind the base of the projectile responsible for a large proportion of the drag.
However, Bradley's theory was incompatible with 19th century theories of light, and aberration became a major motivation for the aether drag theories of Augustin Fresnel (in 1818) and G. G. Stokes (in 1845), and for Hendrik Lorentz's aether theory of electromagnetism in 1892.
He explained that the aether is generally at rest in the Sun's frame of reference, but objects partially drag the aether along with them as they move.
In order to explain the Michelson–Morley experiment (1887), which apparently contradicted both Fresnel's and Lorentz's immobile aether theories, and apparently confirmed Stokes' complete aether drag, Lorentz theorized (1892) that objects undergo "length contraction" by a factor of  in the direction of their motion through the aether.
Fundamental concepts of continuum, drag, and pressure gradients appear in the work of Aristotle and Archimedes.
Drag theories were developed by Jean le Rond d'Alembert, Gustav Kirchhoff, and Lord Rayleigh.
The differences in airflow under such conditions lead to problems in aircraft control, increased drag due to shock waves, and the threat of structural failure due to aeroelastic flutter.
Theodore von Kármán and Hugh Latimer Dryden introduced the term transonic to describe flow speeds between the critical Mach number and Mach 1 where drag increases rapidly.
In many aerodynamics problems, the forces of interest are the fundamental forces of flight: lift, drag, thrust, and weight.
Evaluating the lift and drag on an airplane or the shock waves that form in front of the nose of a rocket are examples of external aerodynamics.
Along the way, they would drag Europe to the brink of war in 1909.
However, in practice other factors influence the rotational speed, including turbulence produced by the apparatus, increasing drag in opposition to the torque that is produced by the cups and support arms, and friction of the mount point.
Pseudolus convinces Hysterium to help him by dressing in drag and pretending to be Philia, "dead" from the plague.
Britney is a drag queen."
The king had to drag Tassilo out of imprisonment to formally renounce his rights and titles at the Assembly of Frankfurt in 794.
In particular, the feathers create much higher drag, causing the shuttlecock to decelerate more rapidly.
One consequence of the shuttlecock's drag is that it requires considerable power to hit it the full length of the court, which is not the case for most racquet sports.
Air drag, which is proportional to the square of speed, requires dramatically higher power outputs as speeds increase.
Drag can be reduced by seating the rider in a more aerodynamically streamlined position.
The aircraft has a conventional tail and a supercritical wing for reduced aerodynamic drag.
While it was narrower than previous wide-body designs, seven abreast seating with two aisles could be fitted, and the reduced width produced less aerodynamic drag.
This is to minimise drag and lower the lift.
Drag hunting is popular where hunting is no longer permitted or for those owners who do not wish to participate in hunting a live animal, but still wish to exercise their dog's innate skills.
Beavers create trails or "slides" as they drag wood, which then make it easier for the animals to transport new material.
 Ballistic coefficient, a measure of air drag on a projectile
Unlike swim briefs, bikinis are not designed for drag reduction and generally lack a visible waistband.
The aircraft would be stretched (including the upper deck section) to a capacity of 500 seats, have a new wing to reduce drag, cruise at a faster speed to reduce flight times, and have a range of at least , which would allow airlines to fly nonstop between London, England and Sydney, Australia.
Higher aerodynamic drag at low level limited the B-70 to subsonic speed while dramatically decreasing its range.
Despite the perceived conservatism, in 1963 Brabham was the first Formula One team to use a wind tunnel to hone its designs to reduce drag and stop the cars lifting off the ground at speed.
The slow pace of privatization of state-owned businesses and an overreliance on tourism have also been a drag on the economy.
Love said she lacked social skills, and learned them while frequenting gay clubs and spending time with drag queens.
Drag is a special form of performance art based on the act of cross-dressing.
A drag queen may imitate famous female film or pop-music stars.
Trains travelling at high speed create piston effect pressure changes that can affect passenger comfort, ventilation systems, tunnel doors, fans and the structure of the trains, and which drag on the trains.
A multi-plate clutch consists of several friction plates arranged concentrically and is sometimes used in order to reduce the diameter of the clutch or to provide different 'stages' of slippage (for example in a drag racing car) to control the rate at which the engine's torque is transferred to the wheels during acceleration from a standing start.
The introduction of the rear window caused in most models a loss of cruise speed due to the extra drag, while not adding any useful visibility.
Enraged, the previously submissive Cerberus struggles furiously, and Heracles and Theseus must together drag Cerberus into the light.
The thrust reversers can also be used in flight at idle-reverse for added drag in maximum-rate descents.
This radiometer's angular speed was found to be limited by the behavior of the drag force due to the gas in the vessel more than by the behavior of the thermal creep force.
 Mach 2.02 (~) cruising speed for optimum fuel consumption (supersonic drag minimum and turbojet engines are more efficient at higher speed) Fuel consumption at  and at altitude of  was .
The advantage of the ducted fan over the turbojet was reduced airport noise but with considerable economic penalties with its larger cross-section producing excessive drag.
Engine failure causes problems on conventional subsonic aircraft; not only does the aircraft lose thrust on that side but the engine creates drag, causing the aircraft to yaw and bank in the direction of the failed engine.
This could have been countered by the use of trim controls, but at such high speeds this would have dramatically increased drag.
Because of this high angle, during a landing approach Concorde was on the "back side" of the drag force curve, where raising the nose would increase the rate of descent; the aircraft was thus largely flown on the throttle and was fitted with an autothrottle to reduce the pilot's workload.
This is frequently used to move or copy files or other objects via drag and drop; other uses include selecting text and drawing in graphics applications.
Rhyming slang is also used and described in a scene of the 1967 film To Sir, with Love starring Sidney Poitier, where the English students tell their foreign teacher that the slang is a drag and something for old people.
A 23% scale model went through wind tunnel tests to demonstrate its hybrid powered lift, which combines a low drag airframe with simple mechanical assembly to reduce weight and better aerodynamics.
Moreeb Dune in Liwa Oasis, United Arab Emirates, used as an arena for drag motor sports and Sandboarding.
Spin (rotation) has little influence on lift and drag forces but impacts a disc's stability during flight.
Their dangerous nature results not from power of their nature, but from their tendency to drag others into the "void" and the unreal, away from God.
The history of automobiles and motorcycles being used for drag racing is nearly as long as the history of motorized vehicles themselves, and has taken the form of both illegal street racing and as a regulated motorsport.
World War II veterans were prominently involved, and some early drag races were done at decommissioned aircraft bases with landing strips that made them an ideal place for the sport.
The standard distance of a drag race is 1,320 feet, 402 m, or 1/4 mile( +- 0,2% FIA & NHRA rules).
Some organizations that deal with Pro Modified and "Mountain Motor" Pro Stock cars (Professional Drag Racers Association) use the 1/8 mile distance, even if the tracks are 1/4 mile tracks.
Nearly all drag strips are associated with one sanctioning body or the other.
The current electric drag racing record is  6.940 seconds at 201.37 mph (324.0736 km/h) for a quarter mile (402 m).
The Australian National Drag Racing Association (ANDRA) was established in 1973, and today they claim they are the "best in the world outside the United States".
Intended to be the premier Drag racing series in Australia it has never been able
Races were held in West Germany beginning in the 1960s at the airbases at Ramstein and Sembach and in the UK at various airstrips and racing circuits before the opening of Europe's first permanent drag strip at Santa Pod Raceway in 1966.
The New Zealand Hot Rod Association (NZHRA) sanctioned what is believed to have been the first drag meeting at an open cut coal mine at Kopuku, south of Auckland, sometime in 1966.
In 2014, New Zealand's second purpose built drag strip – Masterton Motorplex – opened.
However, the official ASN of the sport, per FIA regulations, is the New Zealand Drag Racing Association.
On the island of Curaçao, organization of drag racing events is handled by the Curaçao Autosport Foundation (FAC)
On the Island of Saint Lucia, organization of drag racing events is done by no-one.
Organized drag racing is rapidly growing in India.
Since then there have been many drag racing events in India.
After the series two riders were chosen to represent the country 2017 initiative to bring 11 times world drag racing champion Rickey Gadson to India.
The Bahria Town housing project recently organized a drag racing event in Rawalpindi with the help of some of the country's best drivers.
Drag racing is an established sport in South Africa, with a number of strips around the country including Tarlton International Raceway and ODI Raceway.
Drag racing in Russia started in 2004 in Moscow when the Russian Automotive Federation (RAF) sanctioned it as an official motorsport.
It was difficult times for drag racing in Russia from 2009 to 2014, but it was supported by enthusiasts in every region.
There are hundreds of classes in drag racing, each with different requirements and restrictions on things such as weight, engine size, body style, modifications, and many others.
SFWD is one of the most common and popular import drag racing classes.
 Mill – any internal combustion engine used in a drag car, or hot rod
Polish Streetracing – Android Drag Racing game.
The Old English  ("carry; pull") developed into a series of related words including drag, draw, and draught.
The dry clutch eliminates the power loss from oil viscosity drag on the engine, even though the engagement may not be as smooth as the oil-bath versions, but the clutch plates can wear more rapidly.
On 12 September 2015, Sheikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Thani tried to claim diplomatic immunity when his Ferrari LaFerrari and a Porsche 911 GT3 were caught on camera drag racing through a residential neighborhood in Beverly Hills.
The lack of turrets simplified production, reduced drag, and reduced production time, with a delivery rate far in advance of competing designs.
W4050 was fitted with a turret behind the cockpit for drag tests, after which the idea was abandoned in July 1941.
This greatly reduced hydrodynamic drag, as the third planing point would now be the propeller hub, meaning one of the two propeller blades was always out of the water at high speed.
He mentioned the case of a Sonderkommando'' who found the body of his wife, yet continued to drag corpses along "as though nothing had happened."
Bobby Joe attempts escape but the demon trees attack and drag her to her death.
Even in his later years, Wood was not shy about going out in public dressed in drag as "Shirley", his female alter ego (a name that appeared in many of his screenplays and stories).
The shape of the disc is an airfoil in cross-section which allows it to fly by reducing the drag and increasing lift as it moves through the air, compared to a flat plate.
Feature film projects would drag out for months or years and might be terminated at any point.
Particularly with the technical development of the drag flick.
The user could drag the image of the floppy drive to the trash can on the desktop to eject the disk.
Nonconservative forces other than friction include other contact forces, tension, compression, and drag.
The main drawback was that the high drag of a pusher type's tail structure made it slower than a similar "tractor" aircraft.
Laminar flow wings, which improved high speed performance, also came into use on fighters such as the P-51 Mustang, while the Messerschmitt Me 262 and the Messerschmitt Me 163 featured swept wings that dramatically reduced drag at high subsonic speeds.
The small size would minimize drag and increase the thrust-to-weight ratio, while the larger wing would minimize wing loading; while the reduced wing loading tends to lower top speed and can cut range, it increases payload capacity and the range reduction can be compensated for by increased fuel in the larger wing.
Willkie supported much of the New Deal as well as rearmament and aid to Britain but warned that Roosevelt would drag the country into another European war.
Therefore, to calculate net forces on bodies (such as wings), viscous flow equations must be used: inviscid flow theory fails to predict drag forces, a limitation known as the d'Alembert's paradox.
Using ultrahigh vacuum and nearly zero temperature (5 K), a modified atomic force microscope was used to drag a cobalt atom, and a carbon monoxide molecule, across surfaces of copper and platinum.
Skin friction follows the drag equation and rises with the square of the velocity.
A kite is a tethered heavier-than-air or lighter-than-air craft with wing surfaces that react against the air to create lift and drag forces.
The resultant force vector from the lift and drag force components is opposed by the tension of one or more of the lines or tethers to which the kite is attached.
The other major drag on the economy was state debt.
FADEC reduces rudder drag needed to compensate for sideways flight from unbalanced engine thrust.
A fairing beneath the rudder often houses ECM equipment or a drag chute.
Following problems during development of its exhaust petal design, including dislodgment during flight, the decision was made to remove them, resulting in a 3% aerodynamic drag increase.
However, they cause less drag than conventional external tanks.
Since less of the total lifting area is variable, the center of lift moves less as the wings moves, reducing trim drag at high speed.
These modifications caused extra drag, but the additional fuel carried by the two drop tanks would still allow the aircraft to fly relatively long missions despite heavy, un-aerodynamic loads.
In addition to the loss of performance due to drag, combat showed the externally mounted cannon to be inaccurate unless frequently boresighted, yet far more cost-effective than missiles.
A drag chute pod can be installed on the F-35A, with the Royal Norwegian Air Force being the first operator to adopt it.
Neither James nor Sunderland trusted Louis, correctly suspecting his support would continue only so long as it coincided with French interests, while Mary of Modena claimed his warnings were simply an attempt to drag England into an unwanted alliance.
This type of chain is called a drag chain.
The first person known to describe himself as a drag queen was William Dorsey Swann, born enslaved in Hancock, Maryland.
This new radicalism is often attributed to the Stonewall riots of 1969, when a group of gay men, lesbians, drag queens and transgender women at a bar in New York City resisted a police raid.
In 1969, Lee Brewster and Bunny Eisenhower formed the Queens Liberation Front (QLF), partially in protest to the treatment of the drag queens at the first Christopher Street Liberation Day March.
However, in all but his final budget, Brown increased the tax thresholds inline with inflation, rather than earnings, resulting in fiscal drag.
 Conrad Brooks as Banker/Reporter/Pickup Artist/Bearded Drag
There is also a shot of Wood in drag, mouthing the word "Cut!"
From time to time, Gailard Sartain would appear in drag as one of the fussy women.
Since those settlements Ellison initiated legal action or takedown notices against more than 240 people who have allegedly distributed his writings on the Internet, saying, "If you put your hand in my pocket, you'll drag back six inches of bloody stump".
Honda has also pioneered new technology in its HA-420 HondaJet, manufactured by its subsidiary Honda Aircraft Company, which allows new levels of reduced drag, increased aerodynamics and fuel efficiency thus reducing operating costs.
The dynamic lift reduces the wetted surface and therefore also the drag.
The flat-bottom hull has high initial stability but high drag.
It has less drag than a flat-bottom boat.
These are fitted on some hulls to reduce the wave making resistance drag and thereby increase fuel efficiency.
As a hydrofoil-equipped watercraft increases in speed, the hydrofoil elements below the hull(s) develop enough lift to raise the hull out of the water, which greatly reduces hull drag.
A new kayak design, called Flyak, has hydrofoils that lift the kayak enough to significantly reduce drag, allowing speeds of up to .
The swept planform, when yawed out of the relative wind, creates more lift on the advancing wing and also more drag, stabilizing the wing in yaw.
However, the Apple work extended PARC's considerably, adding manipulatable icons, and drag and drop manipulation of objects in the file system (see Macintosh Finder) for example.
Hyenas may have occasionally stolen human kills, or entered campsites to drag off the young and weak, much like modern spotted hyenas in Africa.
Hepburn (a teetotaler) fared worse in the difficult conditions, losing weight and at one point becoming very ill. Bogart resisted Huston's insistence on using real leeches in a key scene where Charlie has to drag his steam launch through an infested marsh, and reasonable fakes were employed.
The VRXSE V-Rod Destroyer is Harley-Davidson's production drag racing motorcycle, constructed to run the quarter mile in less than ten seconds.
This meant that the vehicle had to be designed to push the centre of drag as far rearward as possible to ensure stability during the entire flight regime.
The water in the inlet pipe [1] starts to flow under the force of gravity and picks up speed and kinetic energy until the increasing drag force lifts the waste valve's weight and closes it.
Hailstone velocity is dependent on the size of the stone, its drag coefficient, the motion of wind it is falling through, collisions with raindrops or other hailstones, and melting as the stones fall through a warmer atmosphere.
Problems that continue to put a drag on growth include low foreign investment levels, bureaucratic red tape, and widespread corruption which costs Rp.
Thus the drag of catching interstellar dust and the thrust of accelerating that same dust to 0.12c would be the same when the speed is 0.12c, preventing further acceleration.
 Drag from the residual atmosphere.
Atmospheric drag reduces the altitude by about 2 km a month on average.
  1955   – Paul O'Grady, English television host, producer, and drag performer
His role required him to perform 80% of the role in drag.
1992 – Marsha P. Johnson, American drag queen performer and activist (b.
Biographer Phoebe Hoban stated that his first sexual experiences were homosexual while he was a minor in Puerto Rico; he had been orally raped by a barber dressed in drag, then he got involved with a deejay.
Jet engines have propelled high speed cars, particularly drag racers, with the all-time record held by a rocket car.
Also at supersonic speeds the divergent area is less than required to give complete internal expansion to ambient pressure as a trade-off with external body drag.
For a given engine, the lighter the engine, the better the thrust-to-weight is, the less fuel is used to compensate for drag due to the lift needed to carry the engine weight, or to accelerate the mass of the engine.
Some of Cohn's former clients, including Bill Bonanno, son of crime boss Joseph Bonanno, also cite photographs of Hoover in drag allegedly possessed by Cohn.
Modifications that manufacturers made to recover some of the lost distance, by increasing tail drag (using holes, rough paint or dimples), were forbidden at the end of 1991 and marks made using implements with such modifications removed from the record books.
In 2014, she was portrayed in season 6, episode 5 of Rupaul's Drag Race by Dan Donigan, known as Milk on the show, as part of the Snatch Game challenge.
Also shown are angels helping the climbers, and demons attempting to shoot with arrows or drag down the climbers, no matter how high up the ladder they may be.
Stepp noted the increase in drag, which reduced the aircraft's speed to .
If, for example, he did drag his feet at erasing baseball's color line, he was grievously wrong, but then so were many others of his post-Civil War generation.
He instructs the boy to "Tell your old man old man to drag [Bill] Walton and [Bob] Lanier up and down the court for 48 minutes".
In 1900, with a grant from the Academy of Sciences, he made a survey using models of the simplest shapes and determined the drag coefficients of the sphere, flat plates, cylinders, cones, and other bodies.
It can also be narrower for a given displacement, reducing the drag, and it will generally track (follow a straight line) better than a shorter kayak.
The shape of the cross section affects stability, maneuverability, and drag.
The results of the research showed that drag was reduced and range could be increased by as much as 7 percent at cruise speeds.
  "to drag, to pull"
Lift is always accompanied by a drag force, which is the component of the surface force parallel to the flow direction.
A flat plate can generate lift, but not as much as a streamlined airfoil, and with somewhat higher drag.
without a streamlined shape, or stalling airfoils – may also generate lift, in addition to a strong drag force.
Approximate theories for the lift distribution and lift-induced drag of three-dimensional wings are based on such analysis applied to the wing's horseshoe vortex system.Clancy (1975), Section 8.9 In these theories, the bound vorticity is usually idealized and assumed to reside at the camber surface inside the wing.
This generates a lift force vector pointing forwards and upwards, and a drag force vector pointing rearwards and upwards.
The wings of bats are much thinner and consist of more bones than those of birds, allowing bats to maneuver more accurately and fly with more lift and less drag.
In 1951, Challenger II surveyed the trench using echo sounding, a much more precise and vastly easier way to measure depth than the sounding equipment and drag lines used in the original expedition.
  1982   – Katya Zamolodchikova, American drag queen
The shorter wingspan led to better roll, and the reduced drag allowed the diving speed to be increased to .
  1935   – Akihiro Miwa, Japanese singer, actor, director, composer, author and drag queen
Spacecraft requirements included: a launch escape system to separate the spacecraft and its occupant from the launch vehicle in case of impending failure; attitude control for orientation of the spacecraft in orbit; a retrorocket system to bring the spacecraft out of orbit; drag braking blunt body for atmospheric reentry; and landing on water.
It takes but 1/2 inch of ice to reduce the lifting power of some aircraft by 50 percent and increases the frictional drag by an equal percentage.
Sequencing software allows recorded MIDI data to be manipulated using standard computer editing features such as cut, copy and paste and drag and drop.
While the Me 262 V9 Hochgeschwindigkeit I (HG I) flight-tested in 1944 had only small changes compared to combat aircraft, most notably a low-profile canopy—tried as the Rennkabine (literally "racing cabin") on the ninth Me 262 prototype for a short time—to reduce drag, the HG II and HG III designs were far more radical.
, most programs do not support gestures other than the drag operation.
The first Canadian play about and starring a drag queen was his play Hosanna, which was first performed at Théâtre de Quat'Sous in Montreal in 1973.
  1981   – Shangela Laquifa Wadley, American drag queen, comedian and reality television personality
  1960   – RuPaul, American drag queen performer, actor, and singer
Odysseus had to drag them back to the ship by force.
During the Chief Auto Parts Nationals, a round of the NHRA Winston Drag Racing Series at the Texas Motorplex, McVeigh posed as a motorcycle racer and attempted to purchase  drums of nitromethane on the pretext that he and some fellow bikers needed the fuel for racing.
Particularly at each periapsis, the object experiences atmospheric drag, losing energy.
During a solar maximum, the Earth's atmosphere causes drag up to a hundred kilometres higher than during a solar minimum.
  1945   – Divine, American drag queen performer, and actor (d. 1988)
After a planet reaches a mass somewhat larger than Mars' mass, it begins to accumulate an extended atmosphere, greatly increasing the capture rate of the planetesimals by means of atmospheric drag.
TV Guide film critic Maitland McDonagh noted that in the film Cruz "expertly mines the contrast between chic, compliant, white-clad Anna and funky, street-wise Melody, who treats [Martin Freeman's character] Gary like the world-class drag he is".
The waveform response comes from the underlying cyclical motions of the planet, which eventually drag all the transients into harmony with them.
Also known as drag, friction, liquid-ring pump, peripheral, side-channel, traction, turbulence, or vortex pumps, regenerative turbine pumps are class of rotodynamic pump that operates at high head pressures, typically .
The new polyurethane elastic bumpers were integrated into the nose and tail and covered in body-coloured plastic; an unusual feature for the time that aided the car visually and reduced its drag.
Several motorsport facilities exist in Perth including Perth Motorplex, catering to drag racing and speedway, and Wanneroo Raceway for circuit racing and drifting, which hosts a V8 Supercars round.
It was slightly faster (despite having a poorer drag coefficient), was better equipped and more refined than the 924; it had better handling and stopping power, and was more comfortable to drive.
The upforce of this brush, and its added drag require compensation of both tracking force (add 1 gram) and anti-skating adjustment values (see next paragraph for description).
These airfoils generated low drag at high speeds.
The relative lack of dust is due to aerodynamic drag from the extended exosphere-corona of Uranus.
By placing the cursor over the image, the user can drag the cursor to the desired area.
Basal drag (friction): Plate motion driven by friction between the convection currents in the asthenosphere and the more rigid overlying lithosphere.
The bob is traditionally lens-shaped to reduce air drag.
This drag also requires power that could otherwise be applied to extending the time between windings.
In the late 19th century and early 20th century, pendulums for precision regulator clocks in astronomical observatories were often operated in a chamber that had been pumped to a low pressure to reduce drag and make the pendulum's operation even more accurate by avoiding changes in atmospheric pressure.
When deployed at the 8° maneuver setting, the flaps allowed the P-38 to out-turn many contemporary single-engined fighters at the cost of some added drag.
At first, field units tried to paint them, since pilots worried about being too visible to the enemy, but the reduction in weight and drag turned out to be a minor advantage in combat.
The only known U.S. drag quartet is The Kinsey Sicks.
Even after returning to NASCAR once the Hemi was reinstated, Richard continued drag racing the 43 JR until early 1966.
On 2 March, Oates began to suffer from the effects of frostbite and the party's progress slowed as he was increasingly unable to assist in the workload, eventually only able to drag himself alongside the men pulling the sledge.
High-performance rowers tend to be tall and muscular: although extra weight does increase the drag on the boat, the larger athletes' increased power tends to compensate.
The rotary was not able to do the same due to the drag of the rotating cylinders through the air.
This was achieved by the use of bevel gearing at the rear of the crankcase, resulting in the eleven-cylindered Siemens-Halske Sh.III, with less drag and less net torque.
Ed Gein didn't stuff his mother, keep her body in the house, dress in a drag outfit, or adopt an alternative personality.
Hydrogen peroxide rockets are used to power jet packs, and have been used to power cars and a rocket car holds the all time (albeit unofficial) drag racing record.
The deceleration forces for fast-moving rockets are calculated using the drag equation.
During a launch, as the vehicle speed increases, and the atmosphere thins, there is a point of maximum aerodynamic drag called max Q.
where  is the instantaneous mass of the vehicle and  is the net force acting on the rocket (mostly thrust, but air drag and other forces can play a part).
Wraparound boosters will usually generate higher drag than a tandem arrangement.
At last, the missing Collins enters the apartment, presenting Angel, who is now in full drag and shares the money she made and the amusing story of how she killed a dog to earn it ("Today 4 U").
Slow drag – another dance form associated with early ragtime.
Sirenians have a large, fusiform body to reduce drag through the water.
The lack of spin stabilization and the generally suboptimal aerodynamic shape of the shot pellets also make them less accurate and decelerate quite quickly in flight due to drag, giving shotguns short effective ranges.
Rudiments with familiar names—such as the single paradiddle, flam, drag, ratamacue, and double stroke roll, also called the "ma-ma da-da" roll—are listed in Charles Ashworth's book in 1812.
In points of sail from a broad reach to down wind, sails act substantially like a parachute, with drag predominantly propelling the craft.
 Hull drag (rotation about the horizontal axis amidships)
They are usually designed to have the crew stationed midships to minimize hull drag in the water.
Lift and drag on sails
At the onset of stall, lift is abruptly decreased, as is lift-induced drag.
Each sail configuration has a characteristic coefficient of lift and attendant coefficient of drag, which can be determined experimentally and calculated theoretically.
In addition to the sails used upwind, spinnakers provide area and curvature appropriate for sailing with separated flow on downwind points of sail, analogous to parachutes, which provide both lift and drag.
In modern sailboats, drag is minimized by control of the hull's shape (blunt or fine), appendages, and slipperiness.
Reducing interior volume allows creating a finer hull with less drag.
Wetted area of the hull affects total the amount of friction between the water and the hull's surface, creating another component of drag.
The blade's point in leather scabbards is usually protected by a metal tip, or chape, which on both leather and metal scabbards is often given further protection from wear by an extension called a drag, or shoe.
Swimming strokes use this resistance to create propulsion, but this same resistance also generates drag on the body.
1945 – Russell "Jungle Jim" Liberman, American drag racer (d. 1977)
The vertical stabilizer also contained a two-part drag parachute system to slow the orbiter after landing.
The bottom exerts a frictional drag on the bottom of the wave, which decreases the celerity (or the speed of the waveform), and causes refraction.
  1989   – Adore Delano, American drag queen and singer
The first three flights were flown with a tailcone placed at the end of Enterprise aft fuselage, which reduced drag and turbulence when mated to the SCA.
These included the installation of a drag chute, new plumbing lines to configure the orbiter for extended duration, improved nose wheel steering, more than 800 new heat tiles and blankets, new insulation for main landing gear, and structural modifications to the airframe.
In ProSolo, two cars compete at the same time on mirror-image courses with drag racing-style starts, complete with reaction and 60-foot times.
In 1961, Ford introduced the F1 390 in a low drag Galaxie "Starliner", but 1960 and '61 championships were won by drivers in 409-powered Chevrolet Impalas.
On intermediate tracks and superspeedways, drafting is used to reduce the overall effect of drag.
An excess of tubes and connections passing through the water tend to decrease swimming performance by causing hydrodynamic drag.
A ballute is an inflatable drag device.
He also directed the 1990 superhero film Darkman, the 1998 neo-noir crime-thriller A Simple Plan, the 2000 supernatural thriller film The Gift, the 2009 supernatural horror film Drag Me to Hell, and the 2013 Disney fantasy film Oz the Great and Powerful.
Twain appeared as a guest judge on episode five of the 10th Season of Rupaul's Drag Race.
Because of the slow submerged speeds of those subs, usually, well below 10 kt (18 km/h), the increased drag for underwater travel was acceptable.
As early as World War I, it was realized that the optimal shape for withstanding pressure conflicted with the optimal shape for seakeeping and minimal drag at the surface, and construction difficulties further complicated the problem.
Then on third down of the ensuing Patriots drive, strong safety LeRoy Butler powered through Meggett's block attempt and managed to drag Bledsoe down with one arm for a 9-yard sack, forcing a Tom Tupa punt that Howard returned 34 yards to the Patriots 47-yard line.
The missile was fitted with a tailcone to reduce drag while on the pylon, which was ejected shortly after being dropped from the plane.
The space between the road and the bottom of the trailer frame was traditionally left open until it was realized that the turbulent air swirling under the trailer is a major source of aerodynamic drag.
Only a few people in full drag were allowed in by the bouncers.
Some of the men, including those in drag, used their draft cards as identification.
Randy Wicker, who had marched in the first gay picket lines before the White House in 1965, said the "screaming queens forming chorus lines and kicking went against everything that I wanted people to think about homosexuals... that we were a bunch of drag queens in the Village acting disorderly and tacky and cheap."
Both the drag queens and lesbian feminists in attendance left in disgust.
Those appearing at the event included: Geena Rocero, First Lady of New York City Chirlane McCray, Josephine Skriver, Wilson Cruz, Ryan Jamaal Swain, Angelica Ross, Donatella Versace, Conchita Wurst, Bob the Drag Queen, Whoopi Goldberg, and Lady Gaga, with performances by Alex Newell and Alicia Keys.
He comments in his reviews: "Situations of torment, and images of naked horror, are easily conceived; and a writer in whose works they abound, deserves our gratitude almost equally with him who should drag us by way of sport through a military hospital, or force us to sit at the dissecting-table of a natural philosopher.
Satellites in low Earth orbit can use a combination of solar pressure on the sail and increased atmospheric drag to accelerate satellite reentry.
Once deployed, the sail would expand to  and would use a combination of solar pressure on the sail and increased atmospheric drag to accelerate satellite reentry.
The blade's point in leather scabbards is usually protected by a metal tip, or chape, which, on both leather and metal scabbards, is often given further protection from wear by an extension called a drag, or shoe.
He also encouraged France to invade England, and advised Létombe to stall any American envoys sent to Paris by instructing him to "listen to them and then drag out the negotiations at length and mollify them by the urbanity of the proceedings."
In one case, after it had killed an adult gaur, a tiger was observed to drag the massive carcass over a distance of .
In 2006, according to the New Statesman, President Scotty "was allegedly accosted by a horde of screaming Chinese officials who tried to drag him on to a plane to Beijing just as he was boarding one bound for Taipei".
Most turbopumps have a Holweck pump (or molecular drag pump) as their last stage to increase the maximum backing pressure (exhaust pressure) to about 1–10 mbar.
Much of recent turbo pump development has been focused on improvement of the effectiveness of the drag stages.
The turbomolecular pump was invented in 1958 by W. Becker, based on the older molecular drag pumps developed by Wolfgang Gaede in 1913, Fernand Holweck in 1923 and Manne Siegbahn in 1944.
More recently, track bikes have employed airfoil designs on the tubes of the frame to reduce aerodynamic drag.
Recently, these have mostly been at high-altitude locations, such as Mexico City, Mexico or Aguascalientes, Mexico, where the thinner air results in lower aerodynamic drag, offsetting the added difficulty of breathing.
By riding behind the 'lead out' rider, the second rider reduces the aerodynamic drag felt.
Tidal friction is required to drag and maintain the bulge ahead of the Moon, and it dissipates the excess energy of the exchange of rotational and orbital energy between Earth and the Moon as heat.
and Wallmasters are ghostly manifestations of giant hands that drag adventurers back to the entrance of a dungeon.
Pilots would like to take advantage of the low drag at high altitudes to go faster, but a naturally aspirated engine does not produce enough power at the same altitude to do so.
The Tatraplan had a monocoque streamlined 6-seat fastback saloon body with front suicide doors and a drag coefficient (Cd) of just 0.32.
It had a number of firsts for the group: it was the first Stones recording to feature brass horns and the back-cover photo on the original US picture sleeve depicted the group satirically dressed in drag.
The aerospike, a telescoping outward extension that halves aerodynamic drag, is then deployed, and the boost phase begins.
In his memoir, he recalled that the war seemed to drag on "with leaden feet", and that he was relieved when it finally ended.
For example, blue indicolite tourmaline is the only blue gemstone of any kind that will show a drag response when a neodymium magnet is applied.
Many new cabs are very streamlined, with a sloped hood (bonnet) and other features to lower drag.
Film critic Alfred Eaker notes that Chaney renders "the drag persona with depth of feeling.
At San Cosmé, Grant directed his men to drag a disassembled howitzer into a church steeple, then reassembled it and bombarded nearby Mexican troops.
However, long-term unemployment remained a drag until 1940.
Drag Queen Denali Foxx graduated from the University of Utah.
On January 15, 2013, Aviation Partners Boeing (APB), a joint venture between Aviation Partners Inc. and Boeing, announced that United had agreed to replace the Blended Winglets on its Boeing Next Generation 737 aircraft with APB's Split Scimitar Winglet (SSW), significantly reducing drag.
Aerodynamic drag can be reduced by streamlined design features.
A secondary procedure called forward-slip is sometimes used to slow airplanes by flying at an angle, causing more drag.
19th century experiments into this luminiferous aether attempted to detect a minute drag on the Earth's orbit.
But although it meets the definition of outer space, the atmospheric density within the first few hundred kilometers above the Kármán line is still sufficient to produce significant drag on satellites.
The Vermont-based House of LeMay performs several shows a year, hosts the annual "Winter is a Drag Ball," and performs for fundraisers.
It was proposed that this radiation came from a field of orbiting particles with a dimension on the order of a millimetre, as anything smaller would eventually be removed from the system by radiation pressure or drawn into the star by means of Poynting–Robertson drag.
Voro would eventually drag Valencia from the relegation battle to a safe mid-table finish of 10th place, finally ending a disastrous league campaign for Los Che.
Similar figures (Hesitation Change, Drag Hesitation, and Cross Hesitation) are incorporated in the International Standard Waltz Syllabus.
The phrase "what you see is what you get," from which the acronym derives, was a catchphrase popularized by Flip Wilson's drag persona Geraldine, first appearing in September 1969, then regularly in the early 1970s on The Flip Wilson Show.
For flight speeds near the speed of sound (transonic flight), airfoils with complex asymmetrical shapes are used to minimize the drastic increase in drag associated with airflow near the speed of sound.
 Fairings, structures whose primary function is to produce a smooth outline and reduce drag.
Modern ropes are coated with Spectra and Dyneema, which decrease the stretch and drag of the rope.
In Inuit creation myths, when 'Big Raven', a deity in human form, found a stranded whale, he was told by the Great Spirit where to find special mushrooms that would give him the strength to drag the whale back to the sea and thus, return order to the world.
The Whitcomb area rule, named after NACA engineer Richard Whitcomb and also called the transonic area rule, is a design procedure used to reduce an aircraft's drag at transonic speeds which occur between about Mach 0.75 and 1.2.
The area rule says that two airplanes with the same longitudinal cross-sectional area distribution have the same wave drag, independent of how the area is distributed laterally (i.e.
In this case the "perfect shape" is biased rearward; therefore, aircraft designed for lower wave drag at supersonic speed usually have wings towards the rear.
So although the Sears–Haack body shape, being smooth, will have favorable wave drag properties according to the area rule, it is not theoretically optimum.
The shaping requirement of this "near field" approach would also result from Whitcomb's later "far field" approach to drag reduction using his Sonic area rule.
Whitcomb realized that, for analytical purposes, an airplane could be reduced to a streamlined body of revolution, elongated as much as possible to mitigate abrupt discontinuities and, hence, equally abrupt drag rise.
The expectation that it would reach design speed had been based on optimistic wind-tunnel drag predictions.
The reason for using the area rule on these fighter aircraft was to reduce the peak value of the drag which occurs at Mach 1 and so enable supersonic speeds with less thrust than would otherwise have been necessary.
Whitcomb's modified rule reduced the supersonic speed before the shock, which weakened it and reduced the drag associated with it.
The rear fuselage was extended by 3.73m on the production aircraft and reduced wave drag by 1.8%.
Performance hinges on a number of factors, including the waterline length (longer means faster), drag in the water (narrower hull with smooth appendages), hull shape, and sail shape and area.
The Z33 is also popular in import drag racing; one fielded by Performance Motorsport in the NHRA Sports Compact series, with twin turbo claims to put out over 1,700 bhp (1,268 kW; 1,724 PS) and achieved 8.33 quarter mile time with its best speed of .
Negotiations with the Communists to let the ship leave drag on for weeks, during which time the ship's cat Simon raises the crew's morale.
 Russell "Jungle Jim" Liberman, American drag racer (d. 1977)
 Madame Satã, Brazilian drag performer and capoeirista (d. 1976)
 Goddess Bunny, American drag queen (d. 2021)
 Verka Serduchka, Ukrainian Drag queen, comedian and singer, Eurovision Song Contest 2007 runner-up
Owing to the skill of King Evagoras of Cyprus and of Egypt's Greek mercenary general Chabrias, these wars drag on for the rest of the decade.
She is pursued by Philippicus' henchmen, who drag the child from the altar and murder him outside the church.
He nevertheless enjoyed acting during school, often in drag, and was a competent fencer.
On December 7, Rundgren appeared by himself on The Midnight Special performing "Hello It's Me" while dressed in jarringly flamboyant glam attire to the chagrin of some of his bandmates and Bearsville executive Paul Fishkin, who recalled that Rundgren looked "like a fucking drag queen".
If an electric boat has sails as well, and will be used in deep water (deeper than about ), then a towed generator can help build up battery charge while sailing (there is no point in trailing such a generator while under electric propulsion as the extra drag from the generator would waste more electricity than it generates).
But the essence of his argument was somewhat obscured by an apparent dependence on aether and aether drag.
Consequently, a DU projectile of given mass has a smaller diameter than an equivalent lead projectile, with less aerodynamic drag and deeper penetration because of a higher pressure at point of impact.
The EFP is relatively unaffected by first-generation reactive armor and can travel up to perhaps 1000 charge diameters (CD)s before its velocity becomes ineffective at penetrating armor due to aerodynamic drag, or successfully hitting the target becomes a problem.
In more recent times, motorsports has become popular with the Andhra Pradesh Motor Sports Club organising popular events such as the Deccan  Mile Drag, TSD Rallies and 4x4 off-road rallying.
A slight improvement was the dirt-only field, which eliminated the drag from grass.
In addition, the streamlining of the marine turtles reduces drag.
Examples of this include orbit transfers, attitude adjustments, drag compensation for low Earth orbits, fine adjustments for scientific missions and cargo transport between propellant depots, e.g., for chemical fuels.
He asked Zubrin to help him compute the drag that the magnetic scoop would create against the interplanetary medium.
The magsail operates by creating drag against the local medium (planet's magnetic field, solar wind, or interstellar winds), thereby allowing a spacecraft accelerated to very high velocities by other means, such as a fusion rocket or laser pushed lightsail, to slow downeven from relativistic velocitieswithout requiring the use of onboard propellant.
This condition resulted in the drag force exceeding the thrust of the hypothetical ramjet in the Zubrin/Andrews version of the design.
Excess thrust is a vector and is determined as the vector difference between the thrust vector and the drag vector.
If so, the distance between the thrust axis and the drag axis will cause a moment that must be resisted by a change in the aerodynamic force on the horizontal stabiliser.
While the people celebrate, monks drag the condemned to the woodpile.
The re-entry stage begins at an altitude where atmospheric drag plays a significant part in missile trajectory, and lasts until missile impact.
English military engineer and mathematician Benjamin Robins (1707–1751) invented a whirling arm apparatus to determine drag and did some of the first experiments in aviation theory.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky built an open-section wind tunnel with a centrifugal blower in 1897, and determined the drag coefficients of flat plates, cylinders and spheres.
The inside facing of the tunnel is typically as smooth as possible, to reduce surface drag and turbulence that could impact the accuracy of the testing.
With the model mounted on a force balance, one can measure lift, drag, lateral forces, yaw, roll, and pitching moments over a range of angle of attack.
A different class of wind tunnels are oriented vertically so that gravity can be balanced by drag instead of lift, and these have become a popular form of recreation for simulating sky-diving:
Inflation can act as a drag on productivity as companies are forced to shift resources away from products and services to focus on profit and losses from currency inflation.
The Carnival of Las Palmas (Gran Canaria) has a drag queen's gala where a jury chooses a winner.
Kites are aircraft that are tethered to some other object (fixed or mobile) or other means that maintain tension in the kite line; and rely on virtual or real wind blowing over and under them to generate lift and drag.
Drag queens could be seen in performance as early as the 1940s in Provincetown.
His imitations were imitated by other female impersonators, and his roles included Bette Davis, Mae West, Tallulah Bankhead, Gloria Swanson, Carol Channing, Katharine Hepburn, and Joan Crawford, and these roles became the drag queen canon.
Because the Earth's magnetic field's inclination and intensity vary at different latitudes, compasses are often balanced during manufacture so that the dial or needle will be level, eliminating needle drag which can give inaccurate readings.
Despite concluding the Peace of Prague (1635) with Saxony, and hence the internal, or civil, war with the Protestants, the war would drag on due to the intervention of many foreign states.
In the crossover event, original Brady cast members and former Drag Race competitors come together to recreate a Brady Bunch episode.
", also contains cameos by Drag Race judges RuPaul and Michelle Visage, who appear as employees of a wig shop that Jan patronizes.
This minimizes the effect of hydrodynamic drag while underway, allowing for greater speed.
Hubble orbits the Earth in the extremely tenuous upper atmosphere, and over time its orbit decays due to drag.
It is not feasible to deorbit geosynchronous satellites as it would take far more fuel than slightly elevating the orbit, and atmospheric drag is negligible, giving GSOs lifetimes of thousands of years.
The inboard shafts were housed in skegs, which while increasing hydrodynamic drag, substantially strengthened the stern structure.
Conformal antennas are used in aircraft and missiles, to integrate the antenna into the curving surface of the aircraft to reduce aerodynamic drag.
 Tonality (by changing a drag tone to a push tone)
Real pendulums are subject to friction and air drag, so the amplitude of their swings declines.
These chromatophores are found throughout the body of the octopus, however, they are controlled by the same part of the brain that controls elongation during jet propulsion to reduce drag.
The drag caused by relative motion of the fluid and a surface is a measure of the viscosity.
In an interview, celebrity drag queen RuPaul talked about society's ambivalence to the differences in the people who embody these terms.
Some species drag themselves along by means of their buccal tentacles while others can expand and contract their body or rhythmically flex it and "swim".
First, a krill net needs to have very fine meshes, producing a very high drag, which generates a bow wave that deflects the krill to the sides.
This necessitated a wing redesign incorporating a cranked and drooped leading edge and vortex generators to avoid the onset of compressibility drag, which would have restricted the maximum speed.
The port undercarriage leg clipped the embankment at the Moa point or southern end, damaging wing attachments, engine fuel lines, and the main landing gear drag link, which was ruptured and unable to support the aircraft.
Provided the suspension electronics remain powered, the extreme rotational symmetry, lack of friction, and low drag will allow the angular momentum of the rotor to keep it spinning for about 15,000 years.
The water drag on a moving boat converts the boat's mechanical energy into not only heat and sound energy, but also wave energy at the edges of its wake.
Things may drag on perhaps till July, but then a catastrophe must come."
Aftermath: Empire's End A New Republic Star Hawk uses a tractor beam to drag an enemy Dreadnought down to the surface of Jakku.
The water vapor emitted into Saturn's orbit by this activity becomes charged and creates a drag upon Saturn's magnetic field, slowing its rotation slightly relative to the rotation of the planet.
Four of the members appeared on-screen in drag as girls who had grown up as beauty pageant contestants (parodying Toddlers & Tiaras); Mark McKinney's voice was heard off-screen as their mother.
Williams wrote, "Only some radical change can divert the downward course of my spirit, some startling new place or people to arrest the drift, the drag."
Fuel permitting, nothing prevents a vehicle from entering the atmosphere with a retrograde engine burn, which has the double effect of slowing the vehicle down much faster than atmospheric drag alone would, and forcing the compressed hot air away from the vehicle's body.
The configuration increases drag, as the craft is now less streamlined and results in more atmospheric gas particles hitting the spacecraft at higher altitudes than otherwise.
An inflatable aeroshell provides one alternative for enlarging the drag area with a low-mass design.
Drag (1929) as David Carroll
On the following day, Rindt ran with higher gear ratios fitted to his car to take advantage of the reduced drag, increasing the car's potential top speed to .
The gaps, called the boundary layer air discharge slots, controlled the vortices generated by the LEX and presented clean air to the vertical stabilizers at high angles of attack, but they also generated a great deal of parasitic drag, worsening the problem of the F/A-18's inadequate range.
Drag type units designed and constructed by Ontario's Department of Lands and Forests used anchor chain or tractor pads separately or in combination, or were finned steel drums or barrels of various sizes and used in sets alone or combined with tractor pad or anchor chain units.
In 1984, Berle appeared in drag in the video for "Round and Round" by the 1980s metal band Ratt (his nephew Marshall Berle was then their manager).
These adaptations increase their surface area to volume ratio and drag, allowing them to stay suspended in the water column longer.
To minimize drag, these types have a streamlined fuselage and long narrow wings having a high aspect ratio.
The resultant force vector from the lift and drag force components is opposed by the tension of the one or more rope lines or tethers attached to the wing.
At transonic speeds, near the speed of sound, it helps to sweep the wing backward or forwards to reduce drag from supersonic shock waves as they begin to form.
Whereas a flying wing seeks to maximize cruise efficiency at subsonic speeds by eliminating non-lifting surfaces, lifting bodies generally minimize the drag and structure of a wing for subsonic, supersonic, and hypersonic flight, or, spacecraft re-entry.
A visitor to a New York drag show tells of the emcee praising a queen with "cunty, cunty, cunty" as she walks past.
Most had no drag mechanism, but were fitted with a click/pawl mechanism intended to keep the reel from overrunning when line was pulled from the spool.
Most of these fly reels also feature large-arbor spools designed to reduce line memory, maintain consistent drag and assist the quick retrieval of slack line in the event a hooked fish makes a sudden run towards the angler.
There are four main drag systems that are used with the fly reel.
The caliper drag causes the calipers to brush up against the reel spool.
Instead of a mechanical drag, the angler's thumb is typically used to control the fish.
This 'clicker' mechanism was never intended as a drag, but used solely to keep the spool from overrunning, much like a fly reel.
An anti-reverse lever prevented the crank handle from rotating while a fish was pulling line from the spool, and this pull can be altered with adjustable drag systems which allow the spool to rotate, but not the handle.
Drag washers are commonly made of materials such as steel, Teflon, carbon fiber, other reinforced plastics or metal alloys.
A good drag system is consistent (generates the same force over and over), durable and smooth (no jerkiness).
The rear drag stops when the fisherman turns his spool-crank to engage the culprit on the run, and sets the hook.
Often it is a matter of "feel" and knowing the setup to get the drag right.
Depending on the conditions, some anglers may leave their reels in freespool then setting the anti-reverse or engaging the drag on hookup.
Meanwhile, the mesosphere is below the minimum altitude for orbital spacecraft due to high atmospheric drag.
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet is stable so long as the Ross Ice Shelf and Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf are constrained by drag along their lateral boundaries and pinned by local grounding of ice rises.
Orbits of satellites that reach altitudes below  decay fast due to atmospheric drag.
as a minigame called "Virus Buster", which is played by using the system's touch screen to drag the capsules around the playing field.
A parachute is a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag or, in a ram-air parachute, aerodynamic lift.
The drag chute allowed airplanes to land safely on smaller ice-floes.
They also have decreased horizontal drag due to their flatter shape and, when combined with rear-facing vents, can have considerable forward speed.
First, the thrust from the propulsion system must balance the drag of the airplane when the airplane is cruising.
The greater the difference between the thrust and the drag, called the excess thrust, the faster the airplane will accelerate.
Locomotion requires energy to overcome friction, drag, inertia, and gravity, though in many circumstances some of these factors are negligible.
Drag may also present a problem in flight, and the aerodynamically efficient body shapes of birds highlight this point.
The extra drag from the wires was not enough to offset the aerodynamic disadvantages from having two airfoils interfering with each other however.
The biplane does however need extra struts to maintain the gap between the wings, which add both weight and drag.
As engine power and speeds rose late in World War I, thick cantilever wings with inherently lower drag and higher wing loading became practical, which in turn made monoplanes more attractive as it helped solve the structural problems associated with monoplanes, but offered little improvement for biplanes.
Early aircraft used simple wire (either braided or plain), however during the First World War, the British Royal Aircraft Factory developed airfoil section wire named RAFwire in an effort to both increase the strength and reduce the drag.
The arrangement can reduce drag and weight while retaining the biplane's structural advantages.
As the available engine power and speed increased, the drag penalty of external bracing increasingly limited aircraft performance.
Similarly the idle and slow running jets of large carburetors are placed after the throttle valve where the pressure is reduced partly by viscous drag, rather than by Bernoulli's principle.
Wotan and Loge seize him, tie his hands, and drag him up to the surface.
Francis merely continued the incessant wars that his predecessors had started and that his successors on the throne of France would drag on after Francis' death.
The addition of a female performer to the Footlights was a departure; until that time it had been all-male, with female characters portrayed in drag.
As feely ommes...we would zhoosh our riah, powder our eeks, climb into our bona new drag, don our batts and troll off to some bona bijou bar.
Over a dozen train models have been produced, addressing diverse issues such as tunnel boom noise, vibration, aerodynamic drag, lines with lower patronage ("Mini shinkansen"), earthquake and typhoon safety, braking distance, problems due to snow, and energy consumption (newer trains are twice as energy-efficient as the initial ones despite greater speeds).
Key technologies include tilting trainsets, aerodynamic designs (to reduce drag, lift, and noise), air brakes, regenerative braking, engine technology and dynamic weight shifting.
Of those studied, the TIE Fighter scored the worst with a drag coefficient of .98, which is only slightly better than a brick.
These poor results were rationalized with the in-universe explanations that drag coefficient plays no role in space travel, and that Star Wars fighters can use repulsorlifts and deflector shields to give themselves better flight profiles.
The newer T-70 X-wing flown by Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) was more aerodynamically sound with a rating of .24, but still fell short of the F-4E Phantom with its .02 drag coefficient.
Of those starfighters tested the A-wing was among the most aerodynamic designs of all with a drag coefficient of .17, though it was still worse than the real-life example of the F-4E Phantom with a .02 rating.
American black bears often drag their prey to cover, preferring to feed in seclusion.
In 1752, he wrote about what is now called D'Alembert's paradox: that the drag on a body immersed in an inviscid, incompressible fluid is zero.
The firm began using a wind tunnel in the 1950s, helping them to create highly streamlined cars - such as the DS - that were years ahead of their competitors, and so good were the aerodynamics of the CX model, that it took its name - - from the mathematical term used to measure the drag coefficient.
This rotation, through a combination of gyroscopic stabilization and increased drag on the rear of the arrow, helps the arrow to fly straight away.
Without sufficient overpressure, the blimp loses its ability to be steered and is slowed due to increased drag and distortion.
Nasser had initially rejected the plan, but conceded under pressure from the Soviet Union, which feared that escalating regional conflict could drag it into a war with the US.
His deputy von Schwerin managed to drag out a victory, both sides losing nearly 25% of their strength.
Drops can also be used with drag hoses or bubblers that deposit the water directly on the ground between crops.
In a parallel universe featured in the Sliders episode "The Return of Maggie Beckett", the German Wehrmacht breaks through the Allied lines in the Battle of the Bulge in 1944, which causes World War II to drag on until 1947.
Tom McEwen, drag racer, lived in Fountain Valley.
The Revolutionary War would drag on for eight and a half years, the longest in United States history until the Vietnam War.
Further violence in Ireland will only drag down to ruin the land you claim to love and the values you claim to cherish."
Due to their inherent inexpensiveness, strength, and simplicity to modify them for higher performance, many AMC Gremlins were used in drag racing.
The rule changes for the 1972 Pro Stock season opened drag racing for smaller cars fitted with small-block engines and AMC was committed to fielding the Gremlin.
Grant and Mike Randall owners of Randall Rambler/AMC, built a 1972 Gremlin 401XR Drag Car, that they raced at the ARHA Winter Nationals 1972.
This is thought to be an adaptation for reducing drag caused by the tusk.
The aerodynamics package for each manufacturer is homologated after a series of tests which ensure that the different body styles produce near-identical downforce and drag numbers.
The song is about a person who mistakenly takes a drag queen up to his hotel room, who then falls asleep with a joint of marijuana in hand, lighting the room on fire.
At his installation he arrived by helicopter, rode a motorbike and was hauled in an open carriage as part of The Drag.
The angle of incidence of the delta wings could be reduced for greater stability and less drag at high speeds, and more weight carried, such as fuel.
The rotating machinery had become a drag item and the engine thrust at high speeds came from the afterburner temperature rise.
Secretly, a number of advanced features were being incorporated into the new fighter including a significant structural revolution in which the aluminum skin of the aircraft was joggled, fitted and flush-riveted, a design innovation not called for in the army's specification but one that would yield less aerodynamic drag and give greater strength with lower mass.
Finney also appears in drag in a cameo as an elderly female ladies' room attendant.
By contrast, each Gatling gun had to be hauled by four horses, and soldiers often had to drag the heavy guns by hand over obstacles.
The dual planning process provides an opportunity for other market participants to drag out the process legally, not including the other state and/or federal environmental, trade (if an international connection with Canada is requested), and local certification and regulation processes that need to be met.
This was most troubling to Frederick's father, the ageing Christian III, who feared that in the Empire Frederick would develop ambitions that would exceed both his abilities and the resources of his kingdom, and that the trip would ultimately drag Denmark into the maelstrom of German princely politics.
 Heartland Park Topeka, a major drag racing and road racing course just south of the city.
 "Adelaide", a song by the Old 97's from the album Drag It Up
The additional weight and drag made them slow to climb and unwieldy to manoeuvre at altitude, although they were more effective bomber killers.
People partake in the activity of doing drag for reasons ranging from self-expression to mainstream performance.
They occur at events like gay pride parades, carnivals and drag pageants and in venues such as cabarets and nightclubs.
Examples of drag kings include Landon Cider.
Drag has been argued to be an over-expression of the stereotypical female look.
Female impersonation has been and continues to be illegal in some places, which inspired the drag queen José Sarria to hand out labels to his friends reading, "I am a boy", so he could not be accused of female impersonation.
He also said, "I don't dress like a woman; I dress like a drag queen!"
The term tranny has been adopted by some drag performers, notably RuPaul, and the gay male community in the United States, but it is considered offensive to most transgender and transsexual people.
In 1896, Swann was convicted and sentenced to 10 months in jail on the false charge of "keeping a disorderly house" (euphemism for running a brothel) and requested a pardon from the president for holding a drag ball (the request was denied).
Drag queens such as José Sarria and Aleshia Brevard first came to prominence in these clubs.
The Cooper Donuts Riot was a May 1959 incident in Los Angeles in which drag queens, lesbians, transgender women, and gay men rioted; it was one of the first LGBT protests in the United States.
On 17 March 1968, in Los Angeles, to protest entrapment and harassment by the LAPD, two drag queens known as "The Princess" and "The Duchess" held a St. Patrick's Day party at Griffith Park, a popular cruising spot and a frequent target of police activity.
During the summer of 1976, a restaurant in Fire Island Pines, New York, denied entry to a visitor in drag named Terry Warren.
This turned into a yearly event where drag queens go to the Pines, called the Invasion of the Pines.
Launched at the San Francisco Public Library, Drag Queen Story Hour was adopted by the Brooklyn Public Library in the summer of 2016, and has since traveled to various libraries, museums, bookstores, and recreation centers, and parks across the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
In 1973 the first Canadian play about and starring a drag queen, Hosanna by Michel Tremblay, was performed at Théâtre de Quat'Sous in Montreal.
In 1980, for the first time, a police presence protected gay spectators and drag queens from anti-gay harassment at the annual Hallowe'en show at Toronto's St. Charles Tavern.
The hotel chain of Lalit Groups spaced a franchise of clubs where drag performances are hosted in major cities of India such as Mumbai, Delhi and Banglore.
A drag queen may aim for a certain style, celebrity impression, or message with their look.
Drag queens tend to go for a more exaggerated look with a lot more makeup than a typical woman would wear.
Many drag shows feature performers singing or lip-synching to songs while performing a pre-planned pantomime, or dancing.
Produced by Tuckshop and Trafalgar Entertainment it was written by drag performer Holly Stars and starred Courtney Act, Monet X Change, Latrice Royale, Willam, Holly Stars, Anna Phylactic, LoUis CYfer, Don One, Kemah Bob, Myra Dubois and Vinegar Strokes and was directed by Jesse Jones.
 1933 – Victor and Victoria, a German film about drag queens working in musical entertainment, starring Renate Müller and Hermann Thimig.
1937 – Upstairs (Piętro wyżej), the first Polish drag queen style movie, starring Eugeniusz Bodo.
It centers around African American and Latino drag culture surrounding communities such as Harlem in the 80s.
However, RuPaul is a professional drag queen performer and singer.
In mid-2008, RuPaul began producing RuPaul's Drag Race, a reality television game show which began airing in February 2009.
The Netflix show AJ and the Queen, released in 2020, followed "Ruby Red, a bigger-than-life but down-on-her-luck drag queen [played by RuPaul] who travels across America from club to club in a rundown 1990s R/V with her unlikely sidekick AJ, a recently orphaned, tough-talking, scrappy ten-year-old stowaway.
While drag queens are entertainers, they play a role in educating people on gender roles and stereotyping.
He gathered from his students that after attending the drag show they had a new appreciation for gender and sexuality and often become very vocal about their new experiences in the classroom.
Drag has come to be a celebrated and important aspect of modern gay life.
Several "International Drag Day" holidays have been started over the years to promote the shows.
RuPaul received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the television industry on 16 March 2018, making him the first ever drag queen to be given such an award.
In AD 297, the actor Gelasinus converted in the middle of a scene mocking baptism; his public profession of faith provoked the audience to drag him from the theater and stone him to death.
The pilot lay flat on the lower wing, as planned, to reduce aerodynamic drag.
The airfoil and flat plate were made in specific sizes such that, according to Lilienthal's measurements, the lift generated by the airfoil would exactly counterbalance the drag generated by the flat plate and the wheel would not turn.
The devices allowed the brothers to balance lift against drag and accurately calculate the performance of each wing.
Furthermore, when the glider banked into a turn, rudder pressure overcame the effect of differential drag and pointed the nose of the aircraft in the direction of the turn, eliminating adverse yaw.
They used this equation to answer the question, "Is there enough power in the engine to produce a thrust adequate to overcome the drag of the total frame ...," in the words of Combs.
Wings with higher aspect ratios will have less induced drag than wings with lower aspect ratios.
Besides, Don Carlos was a somewhat naïve and easily suggestible man, and Zumalacárregui had therefore to drag behind him the whole weight of the distrust and intrigues of the court.
While kerosene has lower specific impulse, its higher density results in smaller structures, which reduces stage mass, and furthermore reduces losses to atmospheric drag.
For conventional flight the flying wing and blended wing body offer light weight combined with low drag and stealth, and are popular configurations.
In the United States, striptease, burlesque, drag shows, or a solo vocalist with a pianist, as well as the venues which offer this entertainment, are often advertised as cabarets.
Because energy efficiency is so important in bicycles, an uncommon feature of bicycle brakes is that the pads retract to eliminate residual drag when the brake is released.
Another is disc brakes fade less when hot, and in a heavy vehicle air and rolling drag and engine braking are small parts of total braking force, so brakes are used harder than on lighter vehicles, and drum brake fade can occur in a single stop.
From the Stokes equation, when the volume of fluid is sinking, viscous drag is of the order , where  is the dynamic viscosity of the fluid.
Disc brakes rely on pliability of caliper seals and slight runout to release pads, leading to drag, fuel mileage loss, and disc scoring.
The genus name Erysimum is derived from the Greek word 'Eryo' meaning to drag.
This creates a much bolder impression than diamond drag.
In contrast, other marine mammals–such as whales, dolphins, porpoises, manatees, dugongs, and walruses–have lost long fur in favor of a thick, dense epidermis and a thickened fat layer (blubber) to prevent drag.
Stronger flows will increase the lift and drag on the particle, causing it to rise, while larger or denser particles will be more likely to fall through the flow.
 drag and drop of folders
His wife had to drag him to the Isle of Skye, the home of the Clan MacDonald, where the Macdonalds had once reigned as the Lords of the Isles.
They leave together, but Bigger has to drag Bessie around because she is paralyzed by fear.
In addition, clamshell style wings tend to create drag and generate lift at higher speeds.
During ascent, launch vehicles generally avoid going supersonic below 30 km (~98,400 feet) to reduce air drag.
The main key to having low supersonic drag is to properly shape the overall aircraft to be long and thin, and close to a "perfect" shape, the von Karman ogive or Sears-Haack body.
The free-spinning blades turn by autorotation; the rotor blades are angled so that they not only give lift, but the angle of the blades causes the lift to accelerate the blades' rotation rate, until the rotor turns at a stable speed with the drag force and the thrust force in balance.
In order to achieve this, he used the ability of a lifting rotor to autorotate, whereby at a suitable pitch setting, a rotor will continue to rotate without mechanical drive, sustained by the torque equilibrium of the lift and drag forces acting on the blades.
Further aerodynamic refinements were carried out in Exeter with the development of new body shells which produced further reductions in the vehicle's drag.
Most pilots will find that when their hands are vertically under the brake line pulleys they are able reduce trailing edge drag to the absolute minimum.
Although the Typhoon was expected to achieve over  in level flight at 20,000 ft, the thick wings created a large drag rise and prevented higher speeds than the 410 mph at  achieved in tests.
Comets can produce debris by water vapor drag, as demonstrated by Fred Whipple in 1951, and by breakup.
Goebbels is reported to have wept with rage for twenty minutes after he heard the news of the catastrophe, before launching into a bitter attack on Hermann Göring, the commander of the Luftwaffe: "If I had the power I would drag this cowardly good-for-nothing, this Reich marshal, before a court.
However, this retraction must accommodate all compliance in the system (under pressure) as well as thermal distortion of components like the brake disc or the brake system will drag until the contact with the disc, for example, knocks the pads and pistons back from the rubbing surface.
This brake drag can lead to significant parasitic power loss, thus impacting fuel economy and overall vehicle performance.
The carrier's forefoot was of the newly developed bulbous type, sometimes referred to informally as a Taylor pear, which served to reduce the hull's underwater drag within a given range of speeds, improving both the ship's speed and endurance.
In practice, the tension is set such that the bobbin can slip, but with some drag, generating the differential rate of rotation between the flyer and the bobbin.
When the spinner feeds the yarn onto the bobbin, the drag on the flyer slows it and thus the yarn winds on.
The car's weight is reduced for a full competition drag Beetle, further improving the grip and also the power-to-weight ratio.
In conversational contexts, Metcalfe's law is a drag."
Bacque described his other witness, John Foster, as a camp guard "in charge of the work detail of fifty men, Germans and Americans, who did nothing all day but drag bodies out of the camp."
Flight control surfaces include leading-edge flaps, flaperons, ailerons, rudders on the canted vertical stabilizers, and all-moving horizontal tails (stabilators); for speed brake function, the ailerons deflect up, flaperons down, and rudders outwards to increase drag.
The criminals drag Beckert to an abandoned distillery to face a kangaroo court.
Swimfins help the wearer to move through water more efficiently, as human feet are too small and inappropriately shaped to provide much thrust, especially when the wearer is carrying equipment that increases hydrodynamic drag.
Only 8 weeks to go, the band feels that with the constantly shifting goalposts and challenging conditions of the organisers, they can't let it drag on any longer and want to make this announcement, to be clear to Blur fans that they won't be there.
As external testes would increase drag in the water they have internal testes which are kept cool by special circulatory systems that cool the arterial blood going to the testes by placing the arteries near veins bringing cooled venous blood from the skin.
In 1966, Karloff also appeared with Robert Vaughn and Stefanie Powers in the spy series The Girl from U.N.C.L.E., in the episode "The Mother Muffin Affair", Karloff performing in drag as the titular character.
The streamlined boat tail design reduces this form drag by allowing the air to flow along the surface of the tapering end.
VLD – Very low drag
This, in turn, results directly in reduced wetted surface area and drag.
Utica Queen, a contestant on Season 13 of Rupaul's Drag Race
Figures and identities that are present in the LGBT community and LGBT culture, this could include the gay village, drag kings and queens, gay pride, and the rainbow flag.
Her miniature poodle, Sugar Pie, is stolen from her on Halloween by a team of drag queens dressed like her.
Anti-hunting campaigners long urged hunts to retain their tradition and equestrian sport by drag hunting, following an artificial scent.
Supporters contend that while drag hunts can be fast, this need not be the case if the scent line is broken up so that the hounds have to search an area to pick up the line.
Anise can be made into a liquid scent and is used for both drag hunting and fishing.
Following the deposition, Gracchus' freedmen drag Octavius from the Assembly and the Assembly passes the bill.
The effects of wave drag were so strong that engines of the era could not provide enough power to overcome it, leading to the concept of a "sound barrier".
These models were for aerodynamic drag and stability testing, flown to a maximum speed of Mach 1.7+ before intentionally crashing into the water.
Pelicans also fly low (or "skim") over stretches of water, using a phenomenon known as ground effect to reduce drag and increase lift.
Sometimes, just to see him, she would drag a friend or her mother to the restaurant where he worked as a busboy and waiter.
Stephan Elliott's 1994 film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert mixed traditional outback cinematography and landscape with contemporary urban sub-culture: following three drag queens on a road trip to Central Australia.
According to Paul Larkin in his book A Very British Jihad: collusion, conspiracy and cover-up in Northern Ireland, UVF members at Cappagh claimed they had to drag Wright into the car as he became so frenzied once he started shooting that he didn't want to stop.
The Drecht is now supposed to have been derived from '', which means to pull, tow or drag.
This allows the manufacturer to maintain a greater consistency in tip shape and thus aerodynamic properties among bullets of the same design, at the expense of a slightly decreased ballistic coefficient and higher drag.
After they return, Kay goes swimming and is stalked underwater by the Gill-man, who then gets briefly caught in one of the ship's drag lines.
He is said to have had various visions of different deities, including Padmasambhava, black Vajravārāhī, Guru drag po, and the goddess Adamantine Turquoise Lamp (rDo rje gyu sgron ma)
Voellmy used a simple empirical formula, treating an avalanche as a sliding block of snow moving with a drag force that was proportional to the square of the speed of its flow:
an atmospheric drag experiment to study the upper atmosphere 
He jumps off at a prearranged spot to meet Phyllis and drag Dietrichson's body onto the tracks.
William V, leading the pro-British faction within the government, blocked attempts by pro-American, and later pro-French, elements to drag the government to war in support of the Franco-American alliance.
The rising wing generates increased lift, which causes increased induced drag.
Profile drag caused by the deflected ailerons may add further to the difference, along with changes in the lift vectors as one rotates back while the other rotates forward.
Later examples brought the counterbalance in line with the wing to improve control and reduce drag.
In addition, the consequent differential in drag reduces adverse yaw (as also discussed above).
A monoplane has inherently the highest efficiency and lowest drag of any wing configuration and is the simplest to build.
Compared to a biplane, a parasol wing has less bracing and lower drag.
At the river, now running so high they must detour downstream, Anderson lassoes Vandergroat's neck, intending to drag the “sack of money” across.
Taskbar and Start Menu options allowed disabling of the drag and drop feature and could prevent moving or resizing the taskbar, which was easier for new users.
Reduced drag when in ground effect during takeoff can cause the aircraft to "float" while below the recommended climb speed.
The result is lower induced drag on the aircraft.
When the flow separates there is a large increase in drag.
It proved unsuccessful as a drag racing engine, being unable to accelerate rapidly, but "could taxi all day at 150".
What can be said is that Nazimova herself was usually thought of as a lesbian (despite occasional flings with men including Paul Ivano), the two guard characters (who, next to Salomé, have the most screen time) are at least played very stereotypically gay, and several of the female courtiers are men in drag.
Drag (clothing)-related films
Performing in drag, he was cast as a 100-year old, compulsive eater in a Buenos Aires household.
The Me 262 apparently has a higher critical Mach number (the Me 262A's being at M 0.86), from a drag standpoint, than any current Army Air Force fighter."
Some enterprising XCMD authors added advanced features like full color support (ColorizeHC, HyperTint, AddColor), multiple special-purpose windows (Prompt, Tabloid, Textoid, Listoid, ShowDialog, MegaWindows), drag and drop support and various hardware interfaces to the language.
Dumuzid (later known as Tammuz), the god of shepherds, is usually described as Inanna's husband, but according to some interpretations Inanna's loyalty to him is questionable; in the myth of her descent into the Underworld, she abandons Dumuzid and permits the galla demons to drag him down into the underworld as her replacement.
The fluctuation in the height of the exobase is important because this provides atmospheric drag on satellites, eventually causing them to fall from orbit if no action is taken to maintain the orbit.
In an effort to gain better aerodynamics, AP rounds were given a ballistic cap to reduce drag and improve impact velocity at medium to long range.
The hollow ballistic cap gave the rounds a sharper point which reduced drag and broke away on impact.
Once outside the barrel, the sabot is stripped off by a combination of centrifugal force and aerodynamic force, giving the shot low drag in flight.
He soon became the venue pianist at the drag cabaret club Madame Arthur.
Images of the design show revised engine intakes projecting out from the fuselage to swallow the supersonic shock wave to reduce drag and increase thrust.
Without air drag, these movements caused the free corner of the flag to swing like a pendulum for some time.
Descending to the Earth using a parachute, which balances the force of gravity with an aerodynamic drag force (and with some parachutes, an additional lift force).
The terminal velocity depends on many factors including mass, drag coefficient, and relative surface area and will only be achieved if the fall is from sufficient altitude.
As he made a passable breach, the door into the central room came under furious attack from the Zulus, and he had time only to drag two bedridden patients out before the door gave way.
In the chaos, some men drag Dude off to Nathan, who demands a tradeDude for Joe.
 The drag resulting from the residual atmosphere;
Spoilers (sometimes called lift dumpers), however, are devices that are intentionally deployed to create a carefully controlled flow separation over part of an aircraft's wing to reduce the lift it generates, increase the drag, and allow the aircraft to descend more rapidly without gaining speed.
 Miss Coco Peru, actor and drag performer
To measure the drag on objects at different speeds and angles of attack, he later built a "whirling-arm apparatus", a development of earlier work in ballistics and air resistance.
The XH-26 met all its main design objectives but the Army cancelled the project because of the unacceptable level of noise of the pulsejets and the fact that the drag of the pulsejets at the rotor tips made autorotation landings very problematic.
The fins were removed from the rocket as a way to reduce the drag and instead, the launch motor was mounted in gimbals which allowed it to pivot and direct its thrust for steering.
As the satellite continuously orbited, it would deviate from its predicted positions slightly, accumulating greater and greater shift due to drag of the residual atmosphere.
It was determined that atmospheric pressures, and thus drag and orbital decay, were higher than anticipated, since Earth's upper atmosphere does taper off into space gradually.
Since three of the Vanguard satellites are still orbiting with their drag properties essentially unchanged, they form a baseline data set on the atmosphere of Earth that is over 60 years old and continuing.
The proposed F-104G (for Germany) "Super Starfighter" featured a more powerful J79-11A engine, a larger tail with powered rudder (the same used on the two-seat F-104B and D), improved blown flaps with a mode for improved maneuverability, electric de-icing equipment for the air intake inlets, and a larger drag chute.
To limit the Starfighter's landing roll, or distance traveled while decelerating from touchdown to taxi speed, powerful brakes were combined with a  drag chute.
Charlotte can be a dark horse, and we learn that she once had a dalliance with an Orthodox Jewish artist, she dressed in drag for a portrait, and she allowed an artist to paint a picture of her vulva.
The position where the lines exit the wing can compensate for the tendency of the aerodynamic drag of the lines to yaw the model inboard.
With swish featuring extensive use of superlatives, and drag being exaggerated female impersonation, camp became extended to all things "over the top", including women posing as female impersonators (faux queens), as in the exaggerated Hollywood version of Carmen Miranda.
Sontag also distinguishes between "naive" and "deliberate" camp, and examines Christopher Isherwood's distinction between low camp, which he associated with cross-dressing practices and drag performances, and high camp, which he considered as part of a cultural heritage that included "the whole emotional basis of the Ballet, for example, and of course of Baroque art".
Vacuum field perturbations are simulated by fluid field perturbations and the aerodynamic resistance of viscous drag exerted on the interior of the vehicle is compared to the Lorentz force exerted by the zero-point field (a Casimir-like force is exerted on the exterior by unbalanced zero-point radiation pressures).
House of Gunt – alternative drag collective founded in 2013 with monthly shows at Club One on top of other performances around the city throughout the year.
Well over a century after the Clodius scandal, Juvenal describes Bona Dea's festival as an opportunity for women of all classes, most shamefully those of the upper class – and men in drag ("which altars do not have their Clodius these days?")
Often there is a menacing outside force that remains a mystery; in The Birthday Party, for example, Goldberg and McCann confront Stanley, torture him with absurd questions, and drag him off at the end, but it is never revealed why.
Up until the 1880s it was possible to row and drag a dinghy from the city to many outlying farms to the North East.
His most well-known works may be his series of releases on Drag City, which focus on more traditional songcraft: Bad Timing (1997), Eureka (1999), Insignificance (2001), The Visitor (2009) and Simple Songs (2015).
His fourth Drag City album, The Visitor, is named for an album that appears within Roeg's The Man Who Fell to Earth, recorded by the film's protagonist Thomas Jerome Newton.
This separation substantially reduces the skin friction drag on the supercavitating object.
Nina Flowers - Drag queen and disc jockey
They allow the crampon cleats that are under the foot to be kicked into a slope for grip in climbing, but are relatively awkward for stepping sideways and backwards as the tail of the snowshoe can drag.
Being intentionally unstable and employing digital fly-by-wire flight controls to maintain stability removes many flight restrictions, improves manoeuvrability, and reduces drag.
 Antonio Pantojas (1948–2017), drag queen
With the establishment of Christianity, it passed into popular belief that lightning is the fire that leaves behind the chariot of the Prophet Elijah as it runs through the sky, while thunder is the rattle of the feet of the horses that drag his chariot.
They reached the river by May 31, but as they followed its course southward, they had to drag the boat across the river's mudflats and sandbars.
Boeing was also redesigning the inboard flap fairings to reduce drag by reducing pressure on the underside of the wing.
She was raised in a racially diverse neighborhood near the Ocean Beach section of San Francisco, which she described as a community of "old hippies, ex-druggies, burn-outs from the 1960s, drag queens, Chinese people, and Koreans.
Guests have included Queer Eye'''s Jonathan Van Ness, tattooist and reality TV figure Kat Von D, screenwriter Diablo Cody, drag queen Jackie Beat, and comedian and TV host Michael Yo.
RuPaul Andre Charles (born November 17, 1960), known mononymously as RuPaul, is an American drag queen, television judge, recording artist, and model.
He achieved international fame as a drag queen with the release of his debut single, "Supermodel (You Better Work)", which was included on his debut studio album Supermodel of the World (1993).
RuPaul's Drag Race was created in 2009 and has gone on to produce fourteen seasons in the United States.
RuPaul also performed as a backup singer to Glen Meadmore along with drag queen Vaginal Davis.
He appeared for many years at the annual Wigstock drag festival and appeared in the documentary Wigstock: The Movie.
In March 2010, RuPaul released his second remix album, Drag Race, the album features remixes of songs from the 2009 album Champion.
Starting in June 2011, the second season of RuPaul's Drag U aired.
RuPaul made appearances on The Rosie Show and The Chew, and also attended a Drag Race NY Premiere party at Patricia Field's store in New York.
In the fall of 2012, the spin-off RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars premiered after a large fan demand.
Born Naked was released on February 24, 2014 to coincide with the premiere of the 6th season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The release coincided with the premiere of the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
It was released in March 2016, just prior to the premiere of the eighth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Later that same day, the ninth regular season of RuPaul's Drag Race debuted on basic cable channel VH1, home of RuPaul's talk show in the 1990s.
2019–present: Drag Race UK, AJ and the Queen and further TV shows 
RuPaul also created and starred in the Netflix drama-comedy show AJ and the Queen as a drag queen touring the country with an unlikely young sidekick, which was released on January 10, 2020.
In August 2021, RuPaul guest hosted two episodes of the talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live!, where he also interviewed RuPaul's Drag Race season 13 winner Symone.
The weekly show features their thoughts on topics including behind-the-scenes of RuPaul's Drag Race, life advice, beauty tips, and conversations with featured guests from the entertainment world.
His talk show The RuPaul Show was the first-ever national talk show to have a drag queen as a host.
In 2019, Fortune noted RuPaul as “easily the world's most famous” drag queen.
RuPaul's Drag Race has featured a number of contestants who are trans women, some of whom made their identity public while competing on the show, including Sonique, Carmen Carrera, Jiggly Caliente, Monica Beverly Hillz, Kenya Michaels and Gia Gunn.
After facing criticism on social media and from former contestants for his remarks, RuPaul compared trans drag queens who had transitioned to athletes who had taken performance-enhancing drugs.
 It was repeatedly parodied during the 1990s on Saturday Night Live, with male cast member Jay Mohr impersonating Lake in drag, and in a MTV spoof on the series and its title fonts by actress/singer Debbie Loeb.
Wang Newton, drag celebrity
The People, Places, and Things metaphor extends beyond the traditional desktop metaphor and provides the user with GUI tools to easily drag documents between people and things, such as fax machines and printers.
Vincent Perrot, (born 3 August 1965) is a French journalist, radio and television presenter and drag racing driver.
Her Catholic counterpart is the Anima Sola (Forsaken Soul) who can either free one from bondage or drag you back.
In 1885, Michelson began a collaboration with Edward Morley, spending considerable time and money to confirm with higher accuracy Fizeau's 1851 experiment on Fresnel's drag coefficient, to improve on Michelson's 1881 experiment, and to establish the wavelength of light as a standard of length.
However, complete aether drag contradicts the observed aberration of light and was contradicted by other experiments as well.
They can also be used to extend other pieces of protection to avoid compromise due to rope drag.
The engines were cooled by ducted radiators, which were set into the leading edges of the wing centre-sections to reduce drag.
Churchill thereafter argued to Roosevelt that it was "as plain as a pike staff" that Moscow's tactics were to drag out the period for holding free elections "while the Lublin Committee consolidate their power."
 Curtis Smith, World Champion and Hall of Fame Drag Racer.
OLE is also used for transferring data between different applications using drag and drop and clipboard operations.
Dan Leno (1860–1904), an English music hall comedian famous for his drag acts (56 Akerman Road).
The county is also home to Lucas Oil Speedway at Wheatland that includes a major circle dirt racing track, an off-road racing track as well as a large man-made water drag racing facility.
In 2019 he became a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
In February 2019, it was announced that Norton would be a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race UK alongside Alan Carr in a rotating basis.
 RuPaul, an American drag queen, actor, and television personality 
According to Sumerian mythology, he helped protect Dumuzid when the galla demons tried to drag him to the Underworld and he appeared to the hero Ziusudra after the Great Flood.
On the other hand, in Slate in 2007, Ruth Franklin said, "Michael Chabon has spent considerable energy trying to drag the decaying corpse of genre fiction out of the shallow grave where writers of serious literature abandoned it."
Mindarus was forced to flee to a nearby beach, and vicious fighting ensued on land as the Athenians attempted to drag off the Spartan ships.
 "The Conspiracy Guy": During staged audience "question and answer" sessions with Dave, Elliott would approach the microphone and begin accusing Letterman of various plots and schemes, after which "security" would wrestle Elliott to the ground and drag him out of the studio while Elliott yelled threats to Dave.
During the churning, Vishnu 'in the form of a tortoise [Kurma], served as a pivot for the mountain... [and] in other forms, amongst the gods and demons, [to] drag the monarch of the serpent race [to help churn the Ocean]'.
Jacobson has remained Piggy's principal performer since then, openly describing the role as "one of the most famous drag acts in the business."
For efficient steady flight, the ratio of span to chord, the aspect ratio, should be as high as possible (the constraints are usually structural) because this lowers the lift-induced drag associated with the inevitable wingtip vortices.
includes a variety of events such as the Sydney Mardi Gras Parade and Party, Bondi Beach Drag Races, Harbour Party, the academic discussion panel Queer Thinking, Mardi Gras Film Festival, as well as Fair Day, which attracts 70,000 people to Victoria Park, Sydney.
 David Ward King, inventor of the King Road Drag
And neither player should be able to drag the game out indefinitely either to avoid losing or to irritate the other player.
Drag kings often perform as exaggeratedly macho male characters, portray marginalised masculinities such as construction workers and rappers or they will impersonate male celebrities like Elvis Presley, Michael Jackson and Tim McGraw.
While the term drag king was first cited in print in 1972, there is a longer history of female performers dressing in male attire.
Drag king culture in Australia flourished in lesbian bars from the 1990s and 2000s, but began to fade in the 2010s.
Diane Torr began leading Drag King Workshops in 1989 that offer women a lesson in passing as men.
Drag kings have also historically been marginalised in academic LGBT studies.
The British drag king collective Pecs, made up of an entirely female and non-binary troupe, was founded in 2013 and went on to perform at Soho Theatre and The Glory.
Their founder Pixie Truffle gave an interview to the Guardian newspaper in the United Kingdom on her desire for drag kings to close the gap with queens and with male stand-up comedians.
In recent years, some drag king performers have adopted other terms to describe their own performance styles, particularly if they deviate from the more traditional forms of "kinging".
Face: One method drag kings use to modify their facial features is burning a wine cork and smudging it along the jaw to create the illusion of a beard or stubble.
Look: Drag kings also make use of items such as socks and silicone prosthetics when packing, creating the illusion of a male appendage between the legs.
Accessories, rhinestones and elaborate costumes contribute to a drag king's performance.
With aggressive skates, the flat setup obviously leads to better control on the ground when either accelerating on a push or decelerating on a drag because of increased traction.
In theory, the triple spool would produce the same or more power as existing double spool engines while having a smaller cross section that would reduce drag.
The new fairing reduced drag, while the fillet reduced noise in the rear cabin.
The turbofans on twin engined airliners are further more powerful to cope with losing one engine during take-off, which reduces the aircraft's net thrust by more than half (a failed high bypass engine produces a lot of drag which means negative net thrust, while the other engine still has 100% net thrust.
Collaborations on the record include Annie Hardy from Giant Drag on the song "Pink Cellphone" and Serj Tankian from System of a Down on the track "Mein".
Douglas claimed in his 1993 book Unfinished Business that speed was a key strategy for achieving radical economic change: "Define your objectives clearly, and move towards them in quantum leaps, otherwise the interest groups will have time to mobilise and drag you down".
In 2012 she appeared with Downtown Julie Brown as a guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race.
In late 1964, Ford contracted Holman & Moody to prepare ten 427-powered Mustangs to contest the National Hot Rod Association's (NHRA) A/Factory Experimental class in the 1965 drag racing season.
The movie is screened in bars during Pride Month, while the characters of Madeline and Helen are favorites of drag performers.
The winner of season 5, Jinkx Monsoon, has cited the movie as an inspiration to become a drag queen.
He would dress in drag as his former co-star, Jo Anne Worley, including skits where he appeared as a "fairy godmother" imitating Worley's boisterous laugh and offering help or advice to a Cinderella-type character in a conversation full of double entendres.
English military engineer Benjamin Robins (1707–1751) invented a whirling arm apparatus to determine drag.
It has also been used for illegal drag races in the past.
Current racing sports include: drag strip (at Famoso Raceway), dirt (at Bakersfield Speedway), road course (at Buttonwillow Raceway), and a paved 1/2 mile oval (at Kern County Raceway Park), which replaced Mesa Marin Raceway, a NASCAR associated oval track, that was demolished in 2004.
 Sutan Amrull (born 1974), make-up artist, drag performer
 Willam Belli, drag queen, lived in Inglewood in 2015
The Fast and the Furious (2001): Palmdale was mentioned as the location of a drag strip.
 Don Prudhomme, NHRA drag racing driver
 Robert "Top Gun" Hight, NHRA drag racer John Force Racing H
Del Worsham, professional drag racer
In the 1950s and 1960s, Fontana was home to a drag racing strip that was a venue in the NHRA circuit.
 Raven, drag queen and performer
Kurtis "Miss Fame" Dam-Mikkelsen, American drag queen, makeup artist, model, and recording artist
Shirley Shahan – pioneering drag racer; first female driver to win an NHRA title
 Latrice Royale, drag entertainer
Taylor County Fire Chief Ashley Newell rescued two firefighters, abandoning his car to help drag the injured men to safety.
Motion Raceway, a drag strip, was located three miles north of Assumption.
 Jim Holvay, guitarist/songwriter for the band The Mob, known for four hit songs written for The Buckinghams ("Kind of a Drag," "Hey Baby (They're Playing Our Song)," "Don't You Care," and "Susan")
Gia Gunn, drag performer, reality television personality, and trans-activist
The drag days are still celebrated even though the strip has been closed for decades.
Poplar Street, at that time the main drag through town, was crowded with multitudes of persons for its entire length.
To reach the other side of town it was common to be delayed 20 minutes by switching operations or by a long train called a drag to clear the tracks.
Bob Glidden, professional Drag Racer
Izawa described the faults of the series as subtle and minor; feeling that the action sometimes seems to drag a little and that some of the characters are too familiar to those from Takahashi's previous works.
After advice from a drag queen, he chose the effeminate voice.
The geomagnetic storm adds heat to the thermosphere, causing the thermosphere to expand and rise, increasing the drag on spacecraft.
Drag City (record label) artists
The event attracts hundreds of show cars from around the region, and features a police-escorted drag through Whitesburg.
William Dorsey Swann - first U.S. drag artist and the first American on record who pursued legal and political action to defend the LGBTQ community's right to assemble
 Katya Zamolodchikova, drag queen
Connie Kalitta, drag racing driver
The surrounding area of Vorden is known to hold equestrian events periodically including an annual fox hunt, now replaced by drag hunting, in late autumn.
The only commercial building remaining on the main drag is the former James Bigsby general store, later the G.A.
The use of the King Road Drag kept rural roads solid, even when wet, which rendered them passable all the time.
In 2019, the Sparks library started a drag queen story hour, despite opposition from parents and conservative groups.
 Antron Brown (born 1976), drag racer who became the sport's first African American champion when he won the 2012 Top Fuel National Hot Rod Association championship.
 Old Bridge Township Raceway Park operated from 1965 to 2018 for drag racing, after which its owners planned to turn it into space for outdoor concerts.
As part of a January 2018 reorganization, the facility announced that it will no longer be holding drag racing events, retaining kart and motocross races, as well as car shows and concerts.
Members of the Chester Township Council are  Michael Inganamort (R, 2023) Tim Drag (R, 2024), Joseph DiPaolo (R, 2023), and John Butkus (R, 2024) .
 Miss Understood (Alex Heimberg), drag artist, actor and businessperson
The Arts Project of Cherry Grove hosts a flea market, drag shows, and a gala dinner and dance in late September.
There are two annual drag show contests in Cherry Grove: the Homecoming queen show over Memorial Day weekend, and the Miss Fire Island the longest running contest the weekend after Labor Day.
RuPaul's Drag Race Season Six contestant Darienne Lake, aka Gregory Meyer, who grew up in the Poet Section of North Babylon, attending Parliament Place Elementary School, until the early 1980s before moving to Rochester, NY.
The Kinston Drag Strip hosts a variety of motor-sports events throughout the year.
The railroad grade crossing was on 3rd Avenue, which hence became the city's main drag and was provided with extra width.
David Ward King – inventor of the King road drag
Grandview is also home to the Edgewater Sports Park which is a drag racing track.
Shadowy demons emerge from the darkness to drag Willie's ghost down to Hell.
 Jack Chrisman, drag racer, helped develop the Funny Car
Drag racer "Grumpy" Bill Jenkins had a repair shop in Malvern.
The matter was permitted to drag along for six years, during which time the reasons for the official recognition of the separation of the two townships became apparent to all.
Surfactants are used in firefighting and pipelines (liquid drag reducing agents).
The US Air Force also periodically launched short lived satellites equipped with radio beacons of 162 MHz and 324 MHz at much lower orbits to study orbital drag.
York US30 was a drag strip just outside York.
 James Keese Jr, Business owner and East Coast Drag Race Hall of Fame Inductee
This is where the ejection charge of the motor ejects the nose cone of the rocket (usually attached by a shock cord made of rubber, Kevlar string or another type of cord) from the body tube, destroying the rocket's aerodynamic profile, causing highly increased drag, and reducing the rocket's airspeed to a safe rate for landing.
However, "keychain cameras" are also widely available and can be used on almost any rocket without significantly increasing drag.
 Rusty Hall, NHRA Stock Eliminator Drag Racer.
It annually hosts the NHRA O'Reilly Fall Nationals each September, when hundreds of professional and amateur drag racers compete for over $2 million in prize money.
 Eddie Hill, drag racer
 Jerry "The King" Ruth, professional drag racer
's Hello Ross, appearances on Chelsea Lately, Judge on RuPaul's Drag Race
They have oval track racing, drag racing, and road course racing.
 Jaida Essence Hall - drag queen
The resulting drag slows the spacecraft.
Simulations of the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter aerobraking use a force limit of 0.35 N per square meter with a spacecraft cross section of about 37 m2, equate to a maximum drag force of about 7.4 N, and a maximum expected temperature as 170 °C.
Another related technique is that of aerogravity assist, in which the spacecraft flies through the upper atmosphere and uses aerodynamic lift instead of drag at the point of closest approach.
Atmospheric drag lowered the velocity by 1.712 m/s and the apogee altitude by 8665 km.
The nose-high attitude exposes more of the craft's surface-area to the flow of air, which produces greater drag, helping to slow the plane.
For example, he often used "The Lady in Red" and "Oh, You Beautiful Doll" in scenes with attractive women or characters in female drag, and "California, Here I Come" for scenes where characters make hasty departures.
She easily destroys it, and to smooth things over, remarks that she will handle the lawsuit for fraud against Spider-Man (while privately intending to drag it out as long as possible).
The SM was unusually aerodynamic for its era, with Kamm tail and low drag coefficient of 0.26.
Tomlin was one of the first female comedians to break out in male drag with her characters Tommy Velour and Rick.
Its long root chord also allows a deeper structure for a given aerofoil section, providing more internal volume for fuel and other storage without a significant increase in drag.
Pure delta wings exhibit flow separation at high angles of attack and high drag at low speeds.
Here, a shock body beneath the wing creates an attached shockwave and the high pressure associated with the wave provides significant lift without increasing drag.
This allows both improved manoeuvrability and lower stalling speeds, but the presence of the foreplane can increase drag at supersonic speeds and hence reduce the aircraft's maximum speed.
In 2001, Pen responded to the aforementioned diss track with her record "I Got Cha," in which Pen called Brown a "bum bitch," and later made remarks about her being funny and fake "like a drag queen."
From 1972, R.J. Reynolds was a title sponsor of the NHRA Winston Drag Racing Series, the NASCAR Winston Cup Series and until , the IMSA Camel GT for sportscars.
The barnacles add extra weight and drag to the sea turtle, increasing the energy it needs for swimming and affecting its ability to capture prey, with the effect increasing with the quantity of barnacles affixed to its back.
Games produced by Mediatech West include Burnout Championship Drag Racing and XCar: Experimental Racing.
Discussions about Germany would drag on until early June when a joint Austrian-Prussian proposition was ratified.
In her book Digital Countercultures and the Struggle for Community, she focused on the Brooklyn Drag community and their battle for a Queerer Facebook to meet their specific needs of social media utilization.
This gap is further realized through Facebook’s change in the policy from “real-name” to “authentic-name” in 2015 when hundreds of drag queens’ accounts were frozen and shut down because they had not registered with their legal names.
 Summit Motorsports Park, a drag racing facility near Norwalk, Ohio
This effect is called the Zener effect after the man who estimated this drag force to
This produces a phenomenon known as drag stabilization, which helps to counteract yawing and maintain a consistent flight path.
The doodle was designed by American drag artist Sasha Velour, who cites Dietrich as a big inspiration due to her "gender-bending" fashion and political views.
The practice is most useful in long distance swimming, where the effects of drag can cause a significant time difference in races over 400 meters.
Subduction zones drag down subducted oceanic sediments, oceanic crust, and mantle lithosphere that interact with the hot asthenospheric mantle from the over-riding plate to produce calc-alkaline series melts, ore deposits, and continental crust.
This change in the matter's properties manifests itself as a decrease in the energy which can be extracted as work, and as a drag force on supersonic objects; shock waves are strongly irreversible processes.
(3) leading to wave drag of high-speed vehicle which is harmful to vehicle performance,
Some of this type (for instance Erl King) were built with propellers that could be lifted clear of the water to reduce drag when under sail power alone.
The National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics studied the problem, developing the NACA cowling which further reduced drag and improved cooling.
This allowed the cowling to be tightly fitted around the engine, reducing drag, while still providing (after a number of experiments and modifications) enough cooling air to the rear.
In aerodynamics, hysteresis can be observed when decreasing the angle of attack of a wing after stall, regarding the lift and drag coefficients.
Performing in the minstrel show circuit, Richard, in and out of drag, performed for various vaudeville acts such as Sugarfoot Sam from Alabam, the Tidy Jolly Steppers, the King Brothers Circus, and Broadway Follies.
Boarding ladders for boats may be fixed, but are usually portable, and often fold away when not in use to avoid drag when under way.
This results in increased drag, causing satellites to slow and change orbit slightly.
Original estimates had the orbit lasting for 2,000 years, but it was discovered that solar radiation pressure and atmospheric drag during high levels of solar activity produced significant perturbations in the perigee height of the satellite, which caused a significant decrease in its expected lifetime to about 240 years.
Using a graphical user interface the programming is done via drag and drop of predefined template/building blocks.
The term "skid road" dates back to the 17th century, when it referred to a log road, used to skid or drag logs through woods and bog.
Similar to C-1, but featured a recessed underside to the rear sheet metal of each of the two outboard engine nacelles which reduced drag, where a hardpoint for a 250 kg (550 lb) bomb or a 300 L (80 US gal) capacity, standard Luftwaffe drop tank was placed.
Butler employs "the concepts of play/performance, drag, and imitation to describe the formation of gender and sexuality as continually created subjectivities always at risk of dissolution from non-performance."
However, in an attempt to tell the new story—that of Rocky's adjustment to near-success and an attempt to live a non-boxing life—the plot tends to drag and the picture takes on a murky quality."
Boeing fixed the drag issue by introducing new longer nacelle/wing fairings, and improved the airflow over the flaps and slats.
Rolling resistance and air drag will slow the vehicle down so the actual distance will be greater than if these forces are neglected.
This may simply result in the vehicle being derailed, but in some cases a sand drag is used, especially where the vehicle is likely to be a runaway travelling at speed due to a slope.
According to the Gospel accounts he is forced, like other victims of crucifixion, to drag his own cross to Golgotha, the location of the execution.
The butch and femme identities or roles among some lesbians also engender their own subculture with stereotypical attire, for instance drag kings.
Houston Raceway is a motorsports complex featuring National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) races and a weekly drag racing program.
 Tammie Brown, drag queen and musician
He hosted NBC's Saturday Night Live, in which he appeared in drag in a sketch about a man (Kenan Thompson) with a broken leg who accuses his doctor of being dishonest.
Many fully submerged plants have finely dissected leaves, probably to reduce drag in rivers and to provide a much increased surface area for interchange of minerals and gasses.
The more efficient wings had less drag and greater fuel capacity, and were similar in configuration to those on the 767.
This was mainly to reduce drag, and while a wider fuselage had been considered, Boeing's market research found low cargo capacity needs and reduced passenger preference for wide-body aircraft on short-haul routes.
The reduced wing sweep eliminates the need for inboard ailerons, yet incurs little drag penalty on short and medium length routes, during which most of the flight is spent climbing or descending.
Since the pressure in front of the vehicle is ambient, this means that the exhaust at the base of the spike nearly balances out with the drag experienced by the vehicle.
Fans may have phrases taken from the lexicon of drag and LGBTQ+ culture written on them, and may be decorated in other ways, such as the addition of sequins or tassels.
Popular drag comedy webshow UNHhhh has used folding fans as a point of humour, with the sound made by a folding fan unfolding coined onomatopoeically as a "thworp" by the editors.
The drag generated was too great.
Bulldozers are very powerful tractors and have excellent ground-hold, as their main tasks are to push or drag.
The bluebottle's long tentacles hang below the float as they drift, fishing for prey to sting and drag up to their digestive zooids.
This model assumed the man 'o war was advected by the surface currents, with the effect of the wind being added with a much higher wind drag coefficient of 10 percent.
On the other hand, the reduced gravity losses come at the price of much higher aerodynamic drag and aerodynamic heating due to the need to stay much deeper within the atmosphere than a pure rocket would during the boost phase.
Also, the higher inlet and airframe drag losses of a lifting, air-breathing vehicle launch trajectory as compared to a pure rocket on a ballistic launch trajectory introduces an additional penalty term  into the rocket equation known as the air-breather's burden.
Hundreds of troops would drag guns over mountains up to 3,890 m (12,760 ft).
In athletics and performance applications, skin-tight garments, or 'skin suits', provide protection from injury and scraping while dancing, gymnastics, swimming, cycling, skating, skiing, and running by enhancing muscle support and reducing muscle vibration, lessening wind and friction drag, and it also serves as protection from cuts, stings and abrasion, and as effective protection from UV rays of the sun.
The tapes malfunctioned during a performance in Newcastle, prompting Townshend to drag soundman Bob Pridden onstage, scream at him and kick over all the amplifiers, partially destroying the malfunctioning tapes.
A kite was a drag, towed under water at any depth up to about , which upon striking bottom, was upset and rose to the surface.
However, the boundary layer would separate early, as the pressure gradient switched from favorable (pressure decreasing in the flow direction) to unfavorable (pressure increasing in the flow direction), creating a large region of low pressure behind the ball that creates high form drag.
Aerodynamic drag can be explained in large part by the formation of vortices in the surrounding fluid that carry away energy from the moving body.
In 1935, German aerodynamicist Adolf Busemann proposed using swept wings to reduce high-speed drag and the Messerschmitt P.1101 fighter prototype was 80% complete by the end of World War II; the later US North American F-86 and Boeing B-47 flew in 1947, as the Soviet MiG-15, and the British de Havilland Comet in 1949.
It is also common for competitive swimmers to shave the hair off their legs, arms, and torsos, to reduce drag and provide a heightened "feel" for the water by removing the exterior layer of skin along with the body hair.
Otherwise, the head of second year (or delegate) would drag the defendant out of the hall.
Lois MacGiver, a sex-positive activist, drag king, also a book clerk at both stores.
Improving aerodynamics; (part of the reason that SUVs get such bad fuel economy is the drag on the car.
The asymmetric drag that results tends to deflect the trajectory toward the side with the stitches.
Recently, Peter Jenniskens has argued that most of our short-period meteor showers are not from the normal water vapor drag of active comets, but the product of infrequent disintegrations, when large chunks break off a mostly dormant comet.
This gives additional forward thrust as compared with a flat paddle with forward thrust mainly from drag.
In addition, the compact cylinder arrangement reduces the engine's frontal area and allows a streamlined installation that minimizes aerodynamic drag.
In the late 1990s Faeries sustained the New York City Drag March, an activist event held the Friday before the corporate-sponsored NYC Pride March.
The wind resistance caused by the craft moving through the air is called drag and is overcome by propulsive thrust except in the case of gliding.
Therefore, drag opposes the motion of the object, and in a powered vehicle it must be overcome by thrust.
However, this lift (deflection) process inevitably causes a retarding force called drag.
An airplane has a high L/D ratio if it produces a large amount of lift or a small amount of drag.
To create thrust so as to be able to gain height, and to push through the air to overcome the drag associated with lift all takes energy.
The number and size of barnacles that cover ships can impair their efficiency by causing hydrodynamic drag.
Don't It Drag On - Chris Smither
Slow Drag – Donald Byrd
, Lockheed is investigating drag reduction by plasma-heating of turbulent transonic airflow in critical points, saving overall weight by reducing fuel consumption.
However, these introduced aerodynamic drag which limited performance.
To resist horizontal shear stress from either drag or engine thrust, the wing must also form a stiff cantilever in the horizontal plane.
At speeds of around  the drag of the bracing becomes excessive and the wing strong enough to be made a cantilever without excess weight penalty.
Two factors helped avert disaster – the failure of the front landing gear to lock into position during the gravity drop and the presence of a guardrail that had been installed along the centre of the repurposed runway to facilitate its use as a drag race track.
Significant attention was paid to reducing drag – all rivets were flush headed and panels joggled to avoid edges – but camouflage paint probably negated the benefit.
Maxene and LaVerne did appear together on The Red Skelton Show on October 26, 1954, singing the humorous "Why Do They Give the Solos to Patty" as well as lip-synching "Beer Barrel Polka" with Skelton in drag filling in for Patty.
After extending the landing gear to create more drag, the crew piloted the plane using differences in engine thrust and landed the plane with minimal further damage.
His last major guests were former Prime Ministers David Cameron and Tony Blair, as well as drag personality Dame Edna Everage.
From 1985 onwards, the A310-300 introduced wingtip fences which reduced vortex drag and thus improved cruise fuel consumption by over 1.5%.
Bonham's sequence for the film The Song Remains the Same featured him in a drag race at Santa Pod Raceway to the sound of his solo, "Moby Dick".
As she gets into her car, IRA men drag her into a van and call her a traitor; it is implied that she is later killed.
A drag is a heavy harrow.
However, when debate on the treaty began in the Diet, the opposition Japan Socialist Party, abetted by Kishi's rivals in his own party, employed a variety of parliamentary tactics to drag out debate as long as possible, in hopes of preventing ratification before Eisenhower's planned arrival on June 19, and giving the extra-parliamentary protests more time to grow.
In aircraft overall propulsive efficiency  is the efficiency, in percent, with which the energy contained in a vehicle's propellant is converted into useful energy, to replace losses due to air drag, gravity, and acceleration.
The winglets increase efficiency by decreasing lift-induced drag, thereby offering more range.
A steady climb is carried out by using excess thrust, the amount by which the thrust from the power plant exceeds the drag on the aircraft.
 Alaska Is a Drag, US (2012)
 Drag and drop functionality;
The sound barrier or sonic barrier is the large increase in aerodynamic drag and other undesirable effects experienced by an aircraft or other object when it approaches the speed of sound.
To fly faster the engine power required to replace this loss, as well as to equal the increasing aircraft drag with speed, is so great that the size and weight of the engine becomes prohibitive.
The design used very thin wings of biconvex section proposed by Jakob Ackeret for low drag.
The patterns guide their design modifications, aiming to reduce the drag.
(As opposed to forces that act only over a surface (like drag on a wall) or a line (like surface tension around a meniscus).
Mules were bought, at  years, often from Kentucky, and were broken in by having them drag logs.
The construction of the ski resort started in 1975 and was completed in 1976, when the first two drag lifts operated in Fterolaka.
These are often similar to traditional paper dolls and enable users to design virtual dolls and drag and drop clothes onto dolls or images of actual people to play dress up.
In statistical mechanics, the Fokker–Planck equation is a partial differential equation that describes the time evolution of the probability density function of the velocity of a particle under the influence of drag forces and random forces, as in Brownian motion.
The team was on an NYPD case and suspected evidence would present itself at the drag race.
The reasoning is that the riders body is in line with the wheels, reducing drag.
He was given the role of Shell Oil Junior and Frank Sinatra was considered for the role of his companion who both dress up in drag in order to board an all-women train car.
Even though Perkins would end the film in very sloppy drag (wearing a dress and wig in order to look like his mother), Paramount was more disgusted by the idea that the film would feature the first shot of a toilet when we see Marion flush evidence of her embezzlement at the motel.
Perkins, however, was forced to decline the opportunity by Paramount Studios executives, who didn't want Perkins, who was already sexually-ambiguous, in drag for a film.
After an alleged "violent gesture" to one of the cashiers, two security guards were called, proceeded to drag the man out of the store and beat him to death in the parking lot.
Grains of dust in this region are efficiently removed by drag from the stellar wind, while the presence of a planetary system may also help keep this area clear of debris.
At the warm up gig on 26 April 2007, in Pomona, California, they were instead joined by Annie Hardy of Giant Drag.
McCulloch later described the band's mood at this time as "horrible", and de Freitas stated that, in stark contrast to the quick and confident making of Heaven Up Here, he felt that "we had to drag it out of ourselves" with Porcupine.
Variable wing geometry allowed for minimal drag during the low-level dash towards a well-prepared enemy.
Michael Wilmington of the Los Angeles Times noted that as far as drag comedies go, the film "has some bawdy class—but only because of its casting".
She denied the influence of drag, Kabuki or performance art on her new image, a look she affectionately dubbed "Joan Crawford on acid" in an interview with Spin in 1996, but admitted that "it's that combination of being quite elegant and funny and revolting, all at the same time, that appeals to me.
The Slow Drag (1996), by Carson Kreitzer, a "jazz cabaret" with a live band onstage featuring the character, Johnny Christmas, based on Tipton.
In response to these latest discoveries, police decided to drag the entire section of the river which ran through the centre of the city.
Ride height control is especially desirable in highway vehicles intended for occasional rough road use, as a means of improving handling and reducing aerodynamic drag by lowering the vehicle when operating on improved high speed roads.
In the mid-1990s, Weaving portrayed drag queen Anthony "Tick" Belrose/Mitzi Del Bra in the 1994 film Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and provided the voice of Rex the sheepdog in the 1995 family film Babe and its 1998 sequel Babe: Pig in the City.
 Coco Peru, American actor and drag performer
With the majority of the hull clear of the water, there is reduced drag, greatly enhancing speed and maneuverability, so jetboats are normally operated at planing speed.
Sometimes different reference areas are given for the same object in which case a drag coefficient corresponding to each of these different areas must be given.
For smooth bodies, like a cylinder, the drag coefficient may vary significantly until Reynolds numbers up to 107 (ten million).
Of particular importance is the  dependence on flow velocity, meaning that fluid drag increases with the square of flow velocity.
The drag equation may be derived to within a multiplicative constant by the method of dimensional analysis.
 drag coefficient cd and
and the drag coefficient, given by
Dimensional analysis thus makes a very complex problem (trying to determine the behavior of a function of five variables) a much simpler one: the determination of the drag as a function of only one variable, the Reynolds number.
Consequently when a body is moving relative to a gas, the drag coefficient varies with the Mach number and the Reynolds number.
They were supported by Versus the World, Authority Zero, Drag the River and Gasoline Heart.
The aerodynamic drag of the vehicle, which has a frontal cross section of , requires a power consumption, at  or  cruising speed, given by the following formula:
Airships and some bodies of revolution use the volumetric drag coefficient, in which the reference area is the square of the cube root of the airship volume (volume to the two-thirds power).
For low Mach number , the drag coefficient is independent of Mach number.
For a streamlined body to achieve a low drag coefficient, the boundary layer around the body must remain attached to the surface of the body for as long as possible, causing the wake to be narrow.
For other objects, such as small particles, one can no longer consider that the drag coefficient  is constant, but certainly is a function of Reynolds number.
This means that it has attached boundary layers, which produce much less pressure drag.
Due to this, wake formation takes place, which consequently leads to eddy formation and pressure loss due to pressure drag.
This change in design from a blunt body to a more streamlined body reduced the drag coefficient from about 0.95 to 0.30.
 Hoerner, Dr. Sighard F., Fluid-Dynamic Drag, Hoerner Fluid Dynamics, Bricktown New Jersey, 1965.
6(1975): The optimization of body details-A method for reducing the aerodynamics drag.
The Mirage IIIA was also fitted with a Thomson-CSF-built Cyrano Ibis air intercept radar, operational-standard avionics, and a drag chute to shorten its landing roll.
However, Concorde ultimately has a heavier airframe and, due to being supersonic, is less aerodynamically efficient, i.e., the lift to drag ratio is far lower.
While a right-hander could smoothly drag the pen across paper from left to right, a dip pen could not easily be pushed across by the left hand without digging into the paper and making blots and stains.
Recumbent trikes' advantages (over conventional trikes) include stability (through low centre of gravity) and low aerodynamic drag.
The Screws were intended to scrape up a bot, and possibly drag it closer to the Pulverizers due to the corkscrew design.
The trouble with these fixes is that they all increase the drag, cancelling whatever benefit the tapered wing was supposed to deliver in the first place."
However, The Drag never opened on Broadway, owing to efforts by the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice to ban any attempt by West to stage it.
Other modifications include additional fuel tank capacity in the wing tips, added baggage compartment tanks, added wheel pants to reduce drag, or enhanced landing and takeoff performance and safety with a STOL kit.
Today, the car is popular for import drag racing, circuit track, time attack and events hosted by tuning magazines.
Witzel in his article, "The Home of the Aryans", states that the discussion concerning the geographical location of Airyanem Vaejah could drag on for years unless they concede that Airyanem Vaejah is a mythical land constituting, or close to, the homeland of the author of the book in question.
Once the neutron star enters the red giant, drag between the neutron star and the outer, diffuse layers of the red giant causes the binary star system's orbit to decay, and the neutron star and core of the red giant spiral inward toward one another.
One class of demons that were believed to reside in the underworld were known as galla; their primary purpose appears to have been to drag unfortunate mortals back to Kur.
The whole village comes down to the beach to either watch or to help drag the carcass out of the water.
September 18, 1816 – Philippe d'Auvergne, ruined by the succession disputes, commits suicide, but the litigations concerning Bouillon drag on inconclusively until 1825.
It flew slowly enough that the drag from the landing gear was not a serious issue, so fixed gear was used for simplicity.
It showed a notable performance reduction due to the increase in weight and drag, this configuration was not used operationally.
For takeoff, large power/weight ratios and low drag result in a high rate of climb required to clear obstacles.
Based on a flying wing, the Ho 229 lacked all extraneous control surfaces to lower drag.
The added weight of the guns and drag of the 32-dipole element Matratze radar antennas used on its UHF-band FuG 212 C-1 Lichtenstein radar unit slowed the aircraft by a full 75 km/h, although it was still somewhat faster than the He 219.
Although double-backed neoprene is strong, the cloth surface is relatively rough and creates a large amount of drag in the water, slowing down the swimmer.
Some triathlon wetsuits go further, and use rubber-molding and texturing methods to roughen up the surface of the suit on the forearms, to increase drag and help pull the swimmer forwards through the water.
It would be powered by the DB 603JZ engines, and had a revised forward fuselage to increase the field of view of the pilot and reduce drag.
Meanwhile, the data from the V1 factory flights was studied to discover where the unexpected drag was coming from.
The radiator was changed again, this time to a semi-retractable design for reduced drag in flight.
The orbiter began to yaw to the left as a result of the increased drag on the left wing, but this was not noticed by the crew or mission control because of corrections from the orbiter's flight control system.
The drag of the left wing continued to yaw the orbiter to the left until it could no longer be corrected using aileron trim.
Where the Model 123 had Townend rings, the XB-10 had full NACA cowlings to decrease drag.
Spacecraft with a perigee below about  are subject to drag from the Earth's atmosphere, which decreases the orbital altitude.
Armadillo's X-Prize vehicle was unorthodox among modern rockets in that instead of using stabilization fins, which complicate the design and increase drag, Armadillo used an aerodynamically unstable design, where the computer controlled jet vanes based on feedback from fibre optic gyroscopes.
Conducting scientific aerodynamic experiments demonstrating drag and streamlining, movement of the centre of pressure, and the increase in lift from curving the wing surface.
He also identified and described the importance of the cambered aerofoil, dihedral, diagonal bracing and drag reduction, and contributed to the understanding and design of ornithopters and parachutes.
As a result, the Wrights corrected earlier mistakes in calculations regarding drag and lift.
Rolling Stone gave it two stars out of five and said, "The tempos and melodies drag throughout; it's as though we've heard Mann sing these songs before, only here her understated passion comes off more like overstated indifference."
(In old times people travelled in small boats on the lakes and the rivers, but they had to drag the boats over the eids.)
Although corrugating the sheet metal used for the sides and roof contributes significantly to the container's rigidity and stacking strength, just like in corrugated iron or in cardboard boxes, the corrugated sides cause aerodynamic drag, and up to 10% fuel economy loss in road or rail transport, compared to smooth-sided vans.
Other villages include Drag, Innhavet, Karlsøy, Korsnes, Presteid, Skutvika, Tømmerneset, Tranøy, and Ulvsvåg.
Other villages included Drag, Hundholmen, Korsnes, Musken, Rørvika, Skarberget, and Storå.
There is also a ferry connecting Drag south of the fjord with Kjøpsvik on the northern shore.
Saskatchewan International Raceway has been in operation for over 40 years; SIR is home to 1/4 mile IHRA drag racing and holds racing events from May to September.
This forward motion is opposed by the drag of the air, so the forward motion decreases over time.
The drawback was that it flew nose up in level flight, increasing drag.
As the war progressed, the design became outdated due to its limited speed, due in part to the limited horsepower of its power plant and to the greater drag of its fixed main landing gear (a shortcoming shared by the Stuka).
Welch remembered, "I was extremely pissed off, and the set seemed to drag on forever."
Pilots disliked the aircraft, as the drag from the bomb cradle significantly hampered performance.
It works by reducing the build-up of debris and reduces drag across the surface of the aircraft, thus reducing the fuel bill.
These increase fuel efficiency and range by reducing induced drag.
One such proposal is a  wingspan extension to reduce drag and increase fuel efficiency by 4%, though further increase is likely to be seen on the aircraft with new Sharklets like on the A380plus.
With both sides almost evenly matched, it would drag on ruinously for years.
Standard assumptions in astrodynamics include non-interference from outside bodies, negligible mass for one of the bodies, and negligible other forces (such as from the solar wind, atmospheric drag, etc.).
A large portion of responsibility for the encountered temperature issue was judged to have been a product of greater than expected drag resulting from the underwing radiators, which exhausted across the upper wing surface and were relatively inefficient; this arrangement was replaced with a single radiator unit housed under the fuselage in a streamlined fairing.
The remote propeller drive, intended to eliminate parasitic drag from the engine entirely, was tried in the innovative but unsuccessful Do 14, and elongated, tubular drive shafts as later used in the Do 335 saw use in the rear engines of the four-engined, twinned tandem-layout Do 26 flying boat.
Chief designer Bishop chose the Comet's embedded-engine configuration because it avoided the drag of podded engines and allowed for a smaller fin and rudder since the hazards of asymmetric thrust were reduced.
The vector of slip can be qualitatively assessed by studying any drag folding of strata, which may be visible on either side of the fault.
On TV she guest-starred on the NBC sitcom Friends as Chandler Bing's drag queen father Charles Bing, in the third season of Showtime's Californication as Sue Collini, the jaded, sex-crazed owner of a talent agency, and on the Netflix dramedy series The Kominsky Method as Michael Douglas' character's ex-wife Roz Volander.
At the time, it was widely agreed among European designers that an inline engine was a requirement for high performance designs due to its smaller frontal area and resulting lower drag.
Tank felt that attention to detail could result in a streamlined radial that would not suffer undue drag, and would be competitive with inlines.
It is common to see professional racers climbing mountains with the quick-release undone on the rear brake, to eliminate drag from this source.
Older tandem bicycles often employed a rear drum brake as a drag brake.
A drag brake is often employed on a heavy bicycle such as a tandem in mountainous areas where extended use of rim brakes could cause a rim to become hot enough to blow out.
More recently, large-rotor disc brakes are being used as drag brakes.
The UN fears that this would lead to another open-ended process that could drag on indefinitely.
The sails were immediately taken down, a kedging anchor set and an unsuccessful attempt was made to drag the ship back to open water.
However, the drag at this altitude or below makes supersonic travel particularly inefficient, which poses a serious problem.
In 1998, Orgy released their debut album, Candyass, the name inspired by a drag queen they had met.
HP.65 Halifax – project with low drag  wing, turbo supercharged Hercules engines.
These bullets are designed to increase their surface area on impact, thus creating greater drag and limiting the travel through the target.
The disadvantage of flat point bullets is the reduction in aerodynamic performance; the flat point induces much drag, leading to significantly reduced velocities at long range.
A larger diameter bullet is going to have significantly more drag than a smaller diameter bullet of the same mass, which means long range performance will be significantly degraded.
Also, a recontoured wing leading edge was later developed to extend the chord 4% and reduce drag at high Mach numbers.
Likewise, wearing clothes or robes that drag on the ground, seen as a sign of vanity and excessive pride, are also forbidden.
Madera County Sheriff John Anderson said Fossett would have died on impact in such a crash, and that it was not unusual for animals to drag remains away.
The character of Kitty is played by Andrea Martin, while John Candy, in drag, plays the role of matron Harper (called "Schultzy").
The drag force acting on the drop can then be worked out using Stokes' law:
Julie Newmar, Wesley Snipes played Noxeema Jackson, a drag queen whose dream is to play Dorothy Dandridge in a movie about her life and work.
For first stages, dense fuelled rockets in studies may show a small advantage, due to the smaller vehicle size and lower air drag.
The Elite had a claimed drag co-efficient of 0.30 and at the time of launch, it was the world's most expensive four-cylinder car.
The bulb of the Bullet Fin reduces this drag by creating a new (primary) fin wave in front of the original (secondary) wave.
The purpose of winglets, as in airplane design, is to increase lift (horizontal turning force in the case of surfboard fins) while reducing drag, by reducing the fin-tip vortex.
More relaxed rockers help the board to handle better on flatter sections of water, while heavy rockers increase the board's overall form drag but also give true lift when reaching planing speed and have a smaller turning radius.
It occurred to him that if the entire craft were lifted from the water, the craft would effectively have no drag.
When the Sphex emerges from the nest ready to drag in the prey, it finds the prey missing.
The user can create greeting cards online choosing backgrounds, drag and drop images, animations, smilies and write text that look like handwriting.
A unique feature of the Sibelius GUI at that time was the ability it gave the user to drag the entire score around with the mouse, offering a bird's eye of the score, as distinct from having to use the QWERTY input keyboard arrow keys, or equivalent, to scroll the page.
But at perigee (the lowest point in the orbit), CORONA endured drag from the atmosphere of Earth.
Bomb casings for unguided bombs are typically aerodynamic in shape, often with fins at the tail section, which reduce drag and increase stability after release, both of which serve to improve accuracy and consistency of trajectory.
He believed that the flying wing's potentially large internal volume and low drag made it an obvious design for this role.
The design is claimed to offer low wave drag, high subsonic efficiency and reduced sonic boom.
This can actually result in higher drag and thus lower efficiency than a conventional design.
Such a large fin has weight and drag penalties, and can negate the advantages of the flying wing.
On a conventional elliptical lift distribution the downgoing elevon causes increased induced drag that causes the aircraft to yaw out of the turn ("adverse yaw").
An upper surface spoiler that also acts to reduce lift (equivalent to deflecting an aileron upwards), so causing the aircraft to bank in the direction of the turn—the angle of roll causes the wing lift to act in the direction of turn, reducing the amount of drag required to turn the aircraft's longitudinal axis.
The kite and the lines are light, in the range between 2 and 4 kg, but the aerodynamic drag can be significant since the kite can travel much faster than a windsurf sail.
Because kite boards have a small rocker, a deep edge can allow the board to act as a large low drag fin.
The curved shape of an open chin bar and face shield section can cause increased wind drag during riding, as air will not flow around an open modular helmet in the same way as a three-quarters helmet.
A planetesimal is a solid object arising during the accumulation of orbiting bodies whose internal strength is dominated by self-gravity and whose orbital dynamics is not significantly affected by gas drag.
These included the Pyramid Club, which opened in 1979 at 101 Avenue A; it hosted musical acts such as Nirvana and Red Hot Chili Peppers, as well as drag performers such as RuPaul and Ann Magnuson.
To shorten the landing roll, Air Force test pilot Major Guy Townsend promoted the addition of a  German-invented "ribbon" drag chute (thrust reversers had not then been developed).
This combined with solar flare activity affecting the diameter of the Earth's atmosphere might potentially introduce drag that could not only cause premature reentry, but result in Vostok 5 landing almost anywhere on Earth.
In addition, the costs for atmospheric losses and gravity drag are added into the delta-v budget when dealing with launches from a planetary surface.
This configuration proved to generate less drag than the standard "chin" radiator, contributing to an improvement in the maximum speed of some 11 to 14 mph.
 Fairing: a full or partial covering for a bicycle to reduce aerodynamic drag or to protect the rider from the elements
A road racing bicycle is designed for efficient power transfer at minimum weight and drag.
Wheels with fewer spokes have an aerodynamic advantage, as the aerodynamic drag from the spokes is reduced.
A disc wheel may simply be a fairing that clips onto a traditional, spoke wheel, addressing the drag that the spokes generate by covering them; or the disc can be integral to the wheel with no spokes inside.
However, most music producers and record companies were reluctant to work with them because of their vulgarity and onstage fashion as well as homophobia in New York; the group later appeared in exaggerated drag on the album cover for shock value.
During aquatic locomotion, the muscular tail undulates from side to side to drive the animal through the water while the limbs are held close to the body to reduce drag.
Using three or more wheels can have advantages for everyday use, including the ability to stop and start unaided, better stability, cross-wind handling, etc., though there are arguments made that the multiple track machines (three or more wheels) have aerodynamic disadvantages due to the drag of the extra wheels and the surface contact points.
Air drag is most significant for high-speed events; as of 2016, the world record for a 200-metre sprint on near-level ground is about 145 km/h for a two-wheel streamliner and about 120 km/h for any vehicle with more than two wheels, meaning the two-wheel vehicle was about 20% faster.
 the box kite (1893), which greatly improved the lift to drag ratio of early gliders;
In April 2019, a federal court dismissed two years of rulings in pretrial proceedings by the judge overseeing the military trial of Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, the alleged leader of the 2000 bombing of Cole, at Guantánamo Bay; the case was expected to drag on for years.
genre, and noted "It would be funny for a bunch of macho fraternity guys to be singing along and, little do they know, the song's about being in drag."
Solvents may influence the dynamic behavior of solutes via random collisions and by imposing a frictional drag on the motion of the solute through the solvent.
In 2016, the mural was vandalized, leading to a restoration and the addition of drag star Divine.
Its main goals are reducing drag and wind noise, minimizing noise emission, and preventing undesired lift forces and other causes of aerodynamic instability at high speeds.
As early as the 1920s engineers began to consider automobile shape in reducing aerodynamic drag at higher speeds.
Soon highway engineers began to design roadways to consider the speed effects of aerodynamic drag produced sound levels, and automobile manufacturers considered the same factors in vehicle design.
Airflow through the wheel-bays is said to increase drag (German source) though race cars need it for brake cooling and many cars emit the air from the radiator into the wheel bay.
Multiplying Cd by the car's frontal area gives an index of total drag.
drag areas based on manufacturer-reported figures or educated speculation) are indicated with an asterisk (*).
With extreme modification for Drag Racing, the Audi produced 2.2 20V Inline 5 engines (like 3B, AAN, ABY, ADU) is shown to be capable of power in excess of 1 megawatt (1,340 hp).
The fins increase the drag of the bomb, slowing its forward progress and allowing the delivery aircraft to safely pass over the target before the bomb explodes.
By comparison, the International Space Station and Space Shuttle typically orbit at 350–400 km, within the F-layer of the ionosphere where they encounter enough atmospheric drag to require reboosts every few months, otherwise, orbital decay will occur resulting in a return to Earth.
 Celeda, American singer and drag performer
 RuPaul (born 1960), American drag queen, talk show host, film and television performer
Activities on sub-critical paths have no drag, as they are not extending the project's duration.
If a critical path activity has another activity in parallel, its drag is equal to whichever is less: its duration or the total float of the parallel activity with the least total float.
SIR was focused on building community, and sponsored drag shows, dinners, bridge clubs, bowling leagues, softball games, field trips, art classes and meditation groups.
Closely associated with independent filmmaker John Waters, Divine was a character actor, usually performing female roles in cinematic and theatrical productions, and adopted a female drag persona for his music career.
Again in drag, he took a lead role in both of Waters' early full-length movies, Mondo Trasho (1969) and Multiple Maniacs (1970), the latter of which attracted press attention for the group.
He achieved international chart success with hits like "You Think You're a Man", "I'm So Beautiful", and "Walk Like a Man", all of which were performed in drag.
Roman Candles was the first film to star Divine, in this instance in drag as a smoking nun.
When the filming of Pink Flamingos finished, Divine returned to San Francisco, where he and Mink Stole starred in a number of small-budget plays at the Palace Theater as part of drag troupe The Cockettes, including Divine and Her Stimulating Studs, Divine Saves the World, Vice Palace, Journey to the Center of Uranus and The Heartbreak of Psoriasis.
Drag is my work clothes.
 Divine (performer) (1945–1988), American actor, singer, and drag queen
Although Passion Tour was acclaimed in Japan, Korea, and Canada for Cheung's glamour and dignity in using drag performance through Gaultier's costume designs, in Hong Kong it was received with disapproval.
Like all other attempts to detect aether drift or drag, Airy obtained a negative result.
In the last few years, she has attracted LGBT fans, namely gay men and drag queens.
Such debris disks are rare among M-type star systems older than about 10 million years, having been primarily cleared away by drag from the stellar wind.
In 1851, George Gabriel Stokes derived an expression, now known as Stokes law, for the frictional force – also called drag force – exerted on spherical objects with very small Reynolds numbers in a viscous fluid.
The amount of traction required to propel the vehicle at any given moment depends on the load at that instant—how heavy the vehicle is, how much drag and friction there is, the gradient of the road, the vehicle's momentum, and so on.
 UK Subs: Killing Time (McCoy plays guitar on Drag Me Down) (1988)
After calling Jamie a "hopeless failure" Mary warns that his bad influence will drag his brother down as well.
The spin-off was prompted by the insurance unit's drag on Citigroup stock price because Travelers earnings were more seasonal and vulnerable to large disasters and events such as the September 11 attacks.
Gerry Cooper (Alan Cassell) - a new breed administrator recently hired to drag the club into a more professional era.
These window managers do not allow windows to be resized by using a drag action on the border.
These window managers do not allow windows to be moved around the screen by using a drag action on the titlebar.
 Thrush Hermit	Take Another Drag
The most economical method of coal extraction for surface mines is the electric shovel or drag line.
As there was often a shortage of labor in pre-modern Southeast Asia, it was customary after wars to drag parts of the population of the defeated party to the area of the victor.
When the bearing is in operation, the rotating part of the bearing carries fresh oil in to the pad area through viscous drag.
For vertical flight from the surface of Earth Goddard included in his differential equation the effects of gravity and aerodynamic drag.
When the wing tips were drooped, the lifting area of the wings was lessened, moving the lift forward and reducing trim drag.
Seeing it as a fair exchange, Lucifer grabs Constantine and begins to drag him away, but the exorcist's body becomes too heavy for Lucifer to move.
Since BBC Three became an online-only service in 2016, BBC One broadcast some BBC Three programming, particularly such as People Just Do Nothing, Cuckoo, RuPaul's Drag Race UK and This Country.
The machine would then drag the girder behind until on flat terrain, so that it could reverse over them and set them back in place in front of the vehicle.
The proposed solutions include enhanced mass of the disk—a tenfold increase would suffice; protoplanet migration, which allows the embryo to accrete more planetesimals; and finally accretion enhancement due to gas drag in the gaseous envelopes of the embryos.
He derived an expression for the frictional force (also called drag force) exerted on spherical objects with very small Reynolds numbers.
The purposes of the balloon experiment were to study the effects of space on the reflection properties of colored surfaces through visual observation and photographic studies and to obtain aerodynamic drag measurements by use of a strain gauge.
A strain gauge in the antenna canister would measure differences in atmospheric drag between the  perigee and the  apogee.
Winston added arms to the chestburster alien form (since the adult form had arms), explaining how it could drag itself out of a host's chest.
As the plot goes, the officers stop and arrest a black man for no reason, and then proceed to drag him to his death, after tying him to the car.
He then tried to drag her inside but, as he did so, her head struck the pavement, fracturing her skull and killing her.
Beginning with its ninth season, Logo TV original series RuPaul's Drag Race was moved to VH1.
 Acid Betty (born 1977), American drag queen
As speeds approach the speed of sound, the additional phenomenon of wave drag appears.
Supersonic aircraft must have considerably more power than subsonic aircraft require to overcome this wave drag, and although cruising performance above transonic speed is more efficient, it is still less efficient than flying subsonically.
Additionally, the large frontal area taken up by the low-pressure fan at the front of the engine increases drag, especially at supersonic speeds, and means the bypass ratios are much more limited than on subsonic aircraft.
Aerodynamics would benefit from the Boeing X-51 Waverider experience, riding the leading edge shockwave for lower induced drag.
In the Gimli Glider incident on 23 July 1983, an Air Canada Boeing 767 en route from Montreal to Edmonton ran out of fuel and made an unpowered landing on a decommissioned runway (converted to a drag strip) at Gimli Industrial Park Airport, a former RCAF base near Gimli with no control tower and no fire trucks available.
In 1986, Sleze morphed into Alice N' Chains, a band which Staley said "dressed in drag and played speed metal."
Featuring an all-male cast in drag, The Golden Girls: Live!
Goodwin and Caitlin Milazzo highlighted that Farage had been "routinely ridiculed and dismissed", at best being portrayed as "a beer-swilling populist who wanted to drag Britain back to the 1950s" while at worst depicted as "a racist... would-be demagogue" who secretly wanted to overthrow the UK's liberal parliamentary democracy.
The aircraft was then tested in 1938 in the Langley Research Center full-scale wind tunnel, where it was determined that certain factors were contributing to parasitic drag.
Athletes must have an aerodynamically efficient tuck position to minimize drag and increase speed.
In Schneider's appearance with Leno on the July 24, 2007 episode of The Tonight Show, he showed up in drag as actress Lindsay Lohan after the latter cancelled following a controversial arrest for driving under the influence.
Most modern fly reels have an adjustable, mechanical drag system to control line tension during a fish's run.
Once the extra line is on the reel, an angler can use the reel's drag system to tire the fish.
River Medway, a contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race UK Series 3, placing 6th alongside Choriza May.
Nevertheless, if technically feasible and cost effective to build, imparting hyper-velocity escape velocity to a projectile launching at sea level, where the atmosphere is the most dense, may result in much of the launch velocity being lost to aerodynamic drag.
Overcoming the larger drag proved difficult with contemporary designs, thus the perception of a sound barrier.
These are currents that are turbulent, foamy, and those drag things or debris.
The train then started a testing series lasting eight months, covering details of the suspension, braking, curve performance and drag.
This may be done to overcome crosswinds and keep the fuselage in line with the runway, or to lose altitude by increasing drag, or both.
These surfaces are often referred to as drag rudders.
Although the missiles homed on the Mirages, only one R-23R exploded close enough to cause damage to the landing hydraulics of Captain Piercy's Mirage (and, according to some accounts, the aircraft's drag chute).
In planktonic organisms, there is speculation that the periplast increases drag, thereby counteracting the force generated by the flagellum and increasing feeding efficiency.
Sometimes Lan strung the money on a cord (Chinese coins having a hole in the middle for stringing), letting it drag on the ground while walking along, or waving it to the time of their song.
In 1980, the Corvette received an integrated aerodynamic redesign that resulted in a significant reduction in drag.
A rotameter is an example of a variable area meter, where a weighted "float" rises in a tapered tube as the flow rate increases; the float stops rising when area between float and tube is large enough that the weight of the float is balanced by the drag of fluid flow.
In particular, the net aerodynamic force can be divided into components along the wind frame axes, with the drag force in the −xw direction and the lift force in the −zw direction.
It is also possible to get the dependency of the drag coefficient respect to the lift coefficient.
There's a second typical decomposition taking into account the definition of the drag coefficient equation.
is the drag increment with increased speed, it is negative, likewise  is the lift increment due to speed increment, it is also negative because lift acts in the opposite sense to the z-axis.
Roll rate generates fin lift causing a yawing moment and also differentially alters the lift on the wings, thus affecting the induced drag contribution of each wing, causing a (small) yawing moment contribution.
Windfoiling mounts in the fin box a hydrofoil which lifts the board off the water and improves speeds due to reduced drag.
Although the Voodoo was again able to operate at medium altitudes, the added drag and weight decreased the speed enough to make RF-101 vulnerable to the maneuverable (and cannon-equipped) MiGs and thus requiring fighter escort.
This bird will feed at night, often well out to sea, but also slowly patrols close into beaches, occasionally dangling its legs to increase drag.
Oz is pleased to discover Rod is a professional singer, but is shocked to learn he is a drag artist and is homosexual.
The GNOME integration includes drag and drop to and from GNOME Files.
From a drag standpoint, it is advisable to have the transition from laminar to turbulent flow as far aft on the wing as possible, or have a large amount of the wing surface within the laminar portion of the boundary layer.
In high-performance designs, such as gliders and commercial aircraft, much attention is paid to controlling the behavior of the boundary layer to minimize drag.
Secondly, the shear forces at the surface of the wing create skin friction drag.
Such flow separation causes a large increase in the pressure drag, since it greatly increases the effective size of the wing section.
This represents an optimum compromise between the pressure drag from flow separation and skin friction from induced turbulence.
The T-X pulls itself from the wreckage, losing its legs, and attempts to drag itself inside the bunker to follow the pair.
The M.52 had very thin wings of biconvex section, which had been first proposed by Jakob Ackeret, as they gave a low level of drag.
80 on the Rolling Stone's "Top 100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time" list, with author Suzy Exposito concluding that "the result of the album was a manic drag race into a swampy hellmouth of thrash Americana – and it worked".
The bottom of the fuselage bore sponsons or "stub wings" that improved flight performance by decreasing aerodynamic drag underneath the fuselage.
Moreover, increasing the depth of the pool further gives swimmers another advantage, as the added depth assists the lane lines in dissipating water churn from the swimmers, creating less hydrodynamic drag for the swimmers.
In this case, the leeward foil works in conjunction with the leeward ama to provide lift, and the windward foil can be retracted to reduce drag.
Then drag to center crosshairs keeping the same angle and find the degrees on the outer circle
His falling out with Harth had been over designs Harth felt to be dangerously unstable, and the Me 210 displayed instability, too, which could be cured only by enlarging the airframe and the aerodynamic surfaces, increasing drag and weight.
These shapes have superior lifting performance and less drag.
The wing is said to perform even better if it can be constructed of tight mesh, because that reduces its drag, while maintaining lift.
Sponsored by Mobil Oil, the Safari crew would meet with law enforcement and local city officials at each stop to explain their program, involve local car clubs, set up sites,  and run drag races.
The NHRA Sportsman Drag Racing Series originally consisted of seven divisions: Northeast, Southeast, North Central, South Central, West Central, Northwest, and Pacific.
The next step is to break up clods and flatten the surface is done with a spring-tooth or spike-tooth harrow, or with a chain drag harrow, depending on the soil type.
By some accounts, the "muscle car" term proper was originally applied to mid-1960s and early 1970s special editions of mass-production cars which were designed for drag racing, though it shortly entered the general vocabulary through car magazines and automobile marketing and became used generically for "performance"-oriented street cars.
In 1963, two hundred Ford Galaxie "R-code" cars were factory-built specifically for drag racing, resulting in a full-size car that could cover the quarter-mile in a little over 12 seconds.
It could run a quarter-mile in 13.33 seconds at on the drag strip.
Darling I love you – I love you – and had I loved you just a little less I might have remained with you – only after one has created a very beautiful blossom one does not drag it through the mire.
These abandoned runways were perfect for drag racing.
Three years later, he became a professional drag racer.
Over 30,000 people attended the event, the largest attendance at a drag race at that point.
His last qualifying race was in May 2003 at the NHRA POWERade Drag Racing Series, 23rd annual Summit Racing Equipment NHRA Southern Nationals presented by Pontiac in Atlanta, Georgia.
He was inducted in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 1989 as the sole representative of drag racing.
The 1995 documentary Wigstock: The Movie featured an act entitled The Dueling Bankheads whose drag stars emulate the camp icon's exaggerated style.
It was fitted with a drag parachute to shorten the landing distance by up to , since at the time, not many airports had sufficiently long runways.
Några drag ur mitt lif ("Some Excerpts from My Life"), 1899
This speed reduction is accomplished by reducing thrust and/or inducing a greater amount of drag using flaps, landing gear or speed brakes.
Furthermore, their attacks on Northern Ireland could drag the Irish state into an unwanted confrontation with Britain.
The car was restyled on the David Jones original by American designer Wayne Cherry and the result was an exceptionally low drag coefficient for its time.
He noted the "acrid stench" that the structure exuded and recalled how dogs would tear pieces of flesh and bone away from the rotting heads and drag them across Cetinje.
Rorquals generally have streamlined physiques to reduce drag in the water while doing this.
Often it is believed to occur due to a dynamic effect caused by drag, or friction against the moving teeth of the screw rotor.
Some military aircraft are able to achieve controlled flight at very high angles of attack, but at the cost of massive induced drag.
The shape served a purpose though, producing a drag coefficient of 0.34, a significant improvement over the boxy outgoing Taunus's/Cortina's 0.45.
Drag artists: female entertainers dressed as men, such as Vesta Tilley, Ella Shields, and Hetty King; or male entertainers dressed as women, such as Bert Erroll, Julian Eltinge, Danny La Rue, and Rex Jameson in the character of Mrs Shufflewick.
As a joke, Parker and Stone attended the 72nd Academy Awards ceremony in drag.
In order to reduce drag and avoid damage when the engine was not in use, the paddlewheel buckets were linked by chains instead of bars, enabling the wheels to be folded up like fans and stored on deck.
Mattel also plays the autoharp as part of her regular drag performances.
He hinted that the 2014 winner, Austrian drag act Conchita Wurst, was a "freakshow".
Hypersonic flight within the atmosphere generates immense drag, and temperatures found on the aircraft and within the engine can be much greater than that of the surrounding air.
Additionally, the drag of the new configuration must be considered.
For an engine strongly integrated into the aerodynamic body, it may be more convenient to think of () as the difference in drag from a known base configuration.
On the other hand, scramjets spend more time in the atmosphere and require more hydrogen fuel to deal with aerodynamic drag.
A scramjet's specific impulse decreases rapidly with speed, however, and the vehicle would suffer from a relatively low lift to drag ratio.
The Delhi Skirt Game is a Chicago-style softball game between officers of the Delhi Township Police Department and the firefighters of the Delhi Township Fire Department; the teams consist of male officers dressed in drag.
Camaros are a favorite in drag racing, having won many championships, and can be currently found in several series from the National Hot Rod Association, International Hot Rod Association, and United States Hot Rod Association.
The bill is similar in size, function and appearance to the halberd, and might be said to represent convergent evolution to fill a common niche: a pole-arm with a point to thrust with, a hook to drag with, and a spike/axe to cut with.
The area was home to two of Sydney’s most well-established gay and lesbian pubs, the Newtown Hotel on King Street and the nearby Imperial Hotel in Erskineville Road (the famous drag show pub featured in the movie Priscilla, Queen of the Desert).
It is not clear whether the difference in air drag between the probe with the parachute deployed and the back shell of the heat shield is sufficient to guarantee a safe separation distance (see Section 5.4.4 of the Inquiry Report);
Reviewing for Mojo in 2000, Jon Savage said the preponderance of mid-tempo tracks partly explained the album's popularity among Britrock bands, yet this quality made some of the songs drag.
A dog tooth can also improve airflow and reduce drag at higher speeds.
It can also be used for trimming the aircraft, and optimizing the lift to drag ratio during cruise.
When not in use, the boom is stored flush with the bottom of the tanker's fuselage to minimize drag.
Brooke openly envies Anne's ability to have a jolie vie, and tries to drag her down at every chance.
The second run was a so-called drag start, in which the thrust against the brakes is built up and then released.
His power pop/punk band, Varsity Drag, completed a 25-city European tour during January and February 2007, performing their own material alongside several Deily compositions from the first four Lemonheads releases.
For the 1986 season, Murray designed the radical low-line BT55 chassis, whose aim was to significantly reduce the car's drag and lower its centre of gravity.
Transonic drag was much higher than expected, and the aircraft was limited to Mach 0.98 (i.e.
Armand Goldman is the openly gay owner of a drag club in South Beach called The Birdcage; his life partner Albert, an effeminate and flamboyant man, plays Starina, the star attraction of the club.
He dresses them in drag and they use the apartment's back entrance to sneak into The Birdcage where, by dancing to "We Are Family", they make their way out of the nightclub without incident.
This is called a drag bunt.
There have been instances of one-handed drag bunts as well; Rafael Furcal has been known to try such a bunt.
Don Schumacher's Stellantis factory team won all eleven rounds of the 2020 Camping World Drag Racing Series, with the Dodge Charger body.
In recent years, a resurgence of interest in vintage drag cars has created many new "nostalgia" funny cars, which are newly made vintage-style funny car bodies mounted on modern funny car frames or, in certain cases, newly built frames that look close to the originals and are made NHRA legal.
"50 Years of Funny Cars:  Part 3" in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.
"50 Years of Funny Cars:  Part 1" in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.
A drag queen is a man who wears flamboyant women's clothing and behaves in an exaggeratedly feminine manner for entertainment purposes.
GP Yass — Liven up your long trip by adding this mode to your GPS navigation device that uses a drag performer's voice (and attitude) to deliver directions.
At the time, the use of radial engines in land-based fighters was relatively rare in Europe, as it was believed that their large frontal area would cause too much drag on something as small as a fighter.
An aircraft with a smaller wing suffers less drag under most flight conditions and therefore flies faster and may have better range.
West's debut performance was in 1993 at a Drag City festival in Chicago.
While it can be used with some success on any type of model, it is best for speed models where the reduced aerodynamic drag of the single line is a significant advantage.
In general 2/3rds of the aerodynamic drag of the entire control line model systems (Plane, Lead-Outs, Lines/Connectors, Handle) is created by the lines/connectors.
It is however somewhat viscous and the resulting oil drag can rob some power compared to synthetic oil, and can also lead to "varnishing" of the cylinder.
Speed models are usually launched from a "dolly" - a cart that permits a lengthy ground roll for takeoff, but drops away in the air to reduce drag.
According to author Frank Vizard, the Fastskin suits reduce drag by up to four percent.
Speedo advertises up to 16.6% drag reduction and 11% improved oxygen economy.
D-1974 fitted with drag flaps and refitted with a BMW VIIaU
At the end of the power run the blades fold back alongside the fuselage to minimise drag during the glide.
Many F1C models feature folding wings, to minimize the aerodynamic drag during the climb phase.
On the first day, the minutes drag by in silence.
Lord Cornbury was infamously alleged to have opened the 1702 New York Assembly in drag.
He has suggested they be held to standards higher than those mandated by Basel III, and that despite the inevitability of institutional failures, such failures should not drag with them the financial systems in which they participate.
 Sutan Amrull, American-Indonesian TV personality, makeup artist, drag performer
The compression, vacuum and drag phases together may last several seconds or longer, and exert forces many times greater than the strongest hurricane.
The Slow Drag (1997) as June Wedding
This type of tail gives the body a streamlined shape which allows the bowfin to improve its swimming ability by reducing drag.
Top Fuel drag racing and miniature internal combustion engines in radio control, control line and free flight model aircraft.
In this context, nitromethane is commonly referred to as "nitro fuel" or simply "nitro", and is the principal ingredient for fuel used in the "Top Fuel" category of drag racing.
The first female driver in the Top Fuel category is also the most associated female in the drag racing world, Shirley Muldowney, who won three championships during her career.
The engine used to power a Top Fuel drag racing car is based on a second generation Chrysler RB Hemi, but is built exclusively of specialized parts, it retains the basic configuration with two valves per cylinder activated by pushrods from a centrally-placed camshaft.
However, unexpectedly high solar activity in the late 1980s and early 1990s increased atmospheric drag on the station and sped its orbital decay.
The NTSB determined that the loss of one engine and the asymmetrical drag caused by damage to the wing's leading edge should not have been enough to cause the pilots to lose control of their aircraft; the aircraft should have been capable of returning to the airport using its remaining two engines.
Val Lehman (Bea) was critical of the production, questioning why a drag queen would be in a women's prison.
Leading edge sweep is important because the leading edge has to be behind the mach cone to reduce wave drag.
Sweeping a wing forward has approximately the same effect as rearward in terms of drag reduction, but has other advantages in terms of low-speed handling where tip stall problems simply go away.
The results of these tests confirmed the drag reduction offered by swept wings at transonic speeds.
Most business jets use podded engines mounted on the rear fuselage with a cruciform tail or T-tail to reduce interference drag and increase exhaust clearance.
Attempts to reduce wave drag can be seen on all high-speed aircraft.
Augusta hosted the Augusta Southern Nationals billed as "World's Richest Drag Boat Race" for 30 consecutive years.
While Knuckles was still trying to make his way in the New York club scene, Levan soon became a popular attraction at venues such as SoHo Place due to his "diva persona," which he had previously developed in the city's notoriously competitive black drag "houses".
As the bombs would weigh no more and incur no more drag than its regular load of R-40 missiles, its performance was not impaired, leading to some impressive bombing feats; when released at an altitude of  and a speed above Mach 2, a  bomb would have a range of several tens of kilometres.
In 1993, the National Hot Rod Association was officially recognised by the FIA World Motor Sport Council and the FIA Drag Racing Commission was formed.
Dominic arrives in his Mazda RX-7 and initiates a drag race between himself, Brian and two other drivers.
Noel Gugliemi appears as Hector, the organizer of the drag race.
In March French had expected the war to drag on until September 1902, but Kritzinger was captured in mid-November.
On January 26, 2008, Egerton, Stevenson, and Alvarez reunited with Scott Reynolds to play a set of All songs as an opening act for Drag the River at the Aggie in Fort Collins.
Local drag races are common on the circuit, at both  &  distances.
According to Tibetan mythology, the origins of Tibetans are said to be rooted in the marriage of the monkey Pha Trelgen Changchup Sempa and rock ogress Ma Drag Sinmo.
In addition to continuing to serve aviation, the field became an important drag racing center.
Most hypotheses propose that oceanic crust was undergoing flat-slab subduction, i.e., with a shallow subduction angle, and as a consequence, no magmatism occurred in the central west of the continent, and the underlying oceanic lithosphere actually caused drag on the root of the overlying continental lithosphere.
Warrior also illustrates two design features which aided hybrid propulsion; she had retractable screws to reduce drag while under sail (though in practice the steam engine was run at a low throttle), and a telescopic funnel which could be folded down to the deck level.
 Drag (physics), during movement through a fluid (see fluid dynamics)
Its drivers attempted to drag the dead wheel behind Spirit, but this only worked until reaching an impassable sandy area on the lower slopes.
Its lighter weight compared to body-on-frame automobiles and lower air drag helped it to achieve excellent fuel economy for its day.
From exotically hallucinogenic visions of a lunar crucifixion to the claustrophobic realism of a bar-room brawl, via such twisted vignettes as Robert Loggia karaoking to Al Jolson and Moses Gunn in Superman drag, Blatty directs like a man with no understanding of, or interest in, the supposed limits of mainstream movie-making.
On motorbikes their main function is to shield the rider from wind, though not as completely as in a car, whereas on sports and racing motorcycles the main function is reducing drag when the rider assumes the optimal aerodynamic configuration with their body in unison with the machine and does not shield the rider from wind when sitting upright.
Looking for an advantage at the drag races, 1968 had a stripped-down Belvedere coupe, the Road Runner, which featured a bench seat and minimal interior and exterior trim, but was available with Chrysler's big-block engines and a floor-mounted four-speed manual transmission.
The desecration went so far as to drag Kudurru's body through the streets of Uruk.
He also portrayed "Auntie Nelda" in numerous commercials; dressed in drag and appearing to be a senior citizen, the commercials gave off the tone of "Auntie Nelda" as a motherly lady encouraging one to do what was right (in this case, buy whatever product was being promoted).
Only available with a six-speed manual, it featured custom 10-spoke alloy wheels supplied by Italian F1 team supplier OZ Racing in "Dark Silver" finish, mirrors developed to reduce drag, front and rear black mesh grilles, and a rear spoiler to provide more stability at higher speeds.
The final OTM took the periapsis to  where the sensible drag on the spacecraft was very evident.
As the speed of an object increases, so does the drag force acting on it, which also depends on the substance it is passing through (for example air or water).
Drag depends on the projected area, here represented by the object's cross-section or silhouette in a horizontal plane.
 is the drag coefficient,
From Stokes' solution, the drag force acting on the sphere of diameter  can be obtained as
When the terminal velocity is reached the weight of the object is exactly balanced by the upward buoyancy force and drag force.
 is the drag coefficient, and
With only two functioning engines on the port wing, the reduction in power output caused the aircraft to steadily lose altitude from its normal cruising altitude of 20000 ft at a rate of 400 ft/min.A further difficulty was that the propeller on the inboard engine could not be feathered, which significantly increased aircraft drag.
Best known for competing on RuPaul's Drag Race
 Mike Janis, drag racer
 Max Malanaphy, Drag Queen who grew up in Hudson 
However, the evolution of very low rider torso positions to reduce aerodynamic drag for time trial racing and triathlon cycling can also affect crank selection for such events.
Like all other motorsports, drag racing has many safety requirements for the vehicles that compete.
The amplitude analysis suggests a drag of aether.
 Slow Drag (Blue Note, 1967 – released 1968)
The food shortage was a drag on morale, and resulted in a significant level of desertion to the enemy.
It is the sudden and dramatic rise of wave drag that leads to the concept of a sound barrier.
One common solution to the problem of wave drag was to use a swept wing, which had actually been developed before World War II and used on some German wartime designs.
On 6 November 2019, Chisholm released the single "High Heels" which was written with Rae Morris and Benjamin  "Fryars" Garrett and features drag act Sink the Pink.
These were deployed in the field on the so-called dirty birds but results were disappointing, the weight and drag increases were not worth any reduction in detection rates.
The aeronautical terms lift and drag are, strictly speaking, forces across and along the approaching net relative airflow respectively, so they are not useful here.
The new re-entry vehicle uses a triconic aeroshell geometry (or "baby bottle" design) which improves the overall lift to drag ratio for the re-entry vehicle.
Drag of this kind is an unavoidable consequence of the mechanism of slip, by which the tire generates lateral force.
Battlecruiser, a ship with battleship-level armament and cruiser-level armour; typically faster than a battleship because the reduction in armour allowed mounting of more powerful propulsion machinery, or the use of a more slender hull shape with a lower drag coefficient.
A 1999 survey conducted by the San Francisco Department of Public Health observed that, among the transgender community, 3% of those who were assigned male at birth and 8% of those who were assigned female at birth identified as either "a transvestite, cross-dresser, drag queen, or a bigendered person".
The inverted pendulum is related to rocket or missile guidance, where the center of gravity is located behind the center of drag causing aerodynamic instability.
The fuselage, as a result of greater length, changes to the wing design, and attempts to further reduce drag, featured a slight vertical thinning in the fuselage where the wings were, a more prominent wing/body "belly" to carry fuel and cargo, a longer nose, and a refined tail.
Crewed space missions are mostly at  altitude and below, where air drag helps clear zones of fragments.
At higher altitudes, where air drag is less significant, orbital decay takes longer.
Due to the altitude, atmospheric drag decayed the orbit of most debris within a decade.
Rocket stages (or satellites) with enough propellant may make a direct, controlled de-orbit, or if this would require too much propellant, a satellite may be brought to an orbit where atmospheric drag would cause it to eventually de-orbit.
A variation of this approach is for the remotely controlled vehicle to rendezvous with debris, capture it temporarily to attach a smaller de-orbit satellite and drag the debris with a tether to the desired location.
With continued application, the debris would fall enough to be influenced by atmospheric drag.
His most prominent characters developed at this time were Paul Calf, a stereotypical working class Mancunian, and his sister Pauline, played by Coogan in drag.
However, its circular shape means that it can drag dried lymph back into the healing piercing, meaning that barbells are seen as being preferable for certain healing piercings.
She was benevolently referred to as "the ultimate drag queen," and said in her last interview with Larry King that, "When I went — when we lost everything, it was the gay people that came to my rescue, and I will always love them for that."
Since mid-1975 Lotus had been developing the use of ground effect, shaping the underside of the car to generate downforce with little penalizing drag.
The aft-leaning component of this change in velocity is proportional to the induced drag, which is the force needed to take up that power at that airspeed.
The drag coefficient is 0.307 Cd.
However, during the war, the drawings transformed into women playing dress-up in military drag and drawn in seductive manners, like that of a child playing with a doll.
Holding his time trialing position LeMond was able to generate less aerodynamic drag than Fignon, who used a pair of disc wheels but chose to go helmetless and did not use the aero bars that are now commonplace in time trials.
However the Zellers chain was still struggling and was seen as a drag on the parent company and its American owner.
Ice-sailors and land-sailors also usually fall into this category, because of their relatively low amount of drag or friction.
As a sailing craft transitions from close-hauled to running downwind, the lifting force decreases and the drag force increases.
The speed of sailboats through the water is limited by the resistance that results from hull drag in the water.
Raising the centreboard reduces drag and increases the boat's speed.
A New Year's Eve tradition in Ecuador is for men to dress haphazardly in drag (clowny looking make-up, cheap colorful wigs, very hairy legs in miniskirts) for New Year's Eve representing the "widow" of the year that has passed.
In addition to his financial support, he has volunteered to act as a celebrity judge for several years for their annual fundraiser, Best In Drag Show, which raises around a quarter of a million dollars each year in Los Angeles for AIDS assistance.
One change from the 880 was the large anti-shock bodies on the upper trailing edge of the wings, to increase the critical Mach by reducing transonic drag.
Despite the modifications from the basic 880 and those in response to drag problems in testing, the aircraft never lived up to its promise of coast-to-coast nonstop capability from JFK to LAX.
A drag reduction program was instituted during which streamlining of the engine pylon/wing interface and addition of nacelle fairings achieved 0.89 Mn.
NEDRA achieves this by organizing and sanctioning safe, silent and exciting electric vehicle drag racing events.
As the wood-and-cloth wings would begin to settle and sink under the weight of the engine, they could drag him down before he could disentangle himself.
Even with the single ratio, lead–acid models are capable of completing a quarter mile (400 m) drag race in 13.24 seconds.
The ninth generation Impala was  long,  high, and  wide with a drag coefficient of 0.33.
The initial LP400 was fitted with quite narrow tires of the time, but their narrowness and the slick styling meant that this version had the lowest drag coefficient of any Countach model.
Ford reduced the coefficient of drag of the exterior from 0.42 to 0.34 (nearly matching the 0.32 of the Ford Taurus) to enhance aerodynamics and fuel efficiency, giving the first generation Crown Victoria its sleek, wedge-shaped design that would come to be known as the "Aero" look.
The applied force is usually not affected by the particle's velocity, whereas the drag force is a function of the particle velocity.
As the particle increases in velocity eventually the drag force and the applied force will approximately equate, causing no further change in the particle's velocity.
With increasing Reynolds numbers, Stokes law begins to break down due to the increasing importance of fluid inertia, requiring the use of empirical solutions to calculate drag forces.
Obviously, in industrial operations the drag rule is not simple as a single sphere settling in a stationary fluid.
The Pyramid Club, which opened in 1979 at 101 Avenue A, hosted musical acts such as Nirvana and Red Hot Chili Peppers, as well as drag performers such as RuPaul and Ann Magnuson.
Thus, by pulling the rope with a motor, the whalers can drag the whale back to their ship.
General-purpose techniques such as drag and drop are also supported by these technologies.
The Griffon was needed because the Shackleton was heavier and had more drag than the Lincoln.
When she refuses, he tries to drag her out, but Deb comes to the rescue, threatening him with a baseball bat.
An airfoil is a streamlined shape that is capable of generating significantly more lift than drag.
When the wind is obstructed by an object such as a flat plate, a building, or the deck of a bridge, the object will experience drag and also an aerodynamic force perpendicular to the wind.
A lift and drag curve obtained in wind tunnel testing is shown on the right.
Subsequent drag from the torn cowling resulted in a stall on the wing, and the plane cartwheeled on to the airport grounds, just yards from the safety of the runway.
 Amber Room 3D panorama with high-resolution pictures of decor elements and function drag and zoom by Classic Studio
 Drag coefficient, a measure of air resistance commonly denoted 
Aerodynamics improved considerably, with a drag coefficient of 0.36.
A distinguishing feature of the Mk4 is its Whiptenna, a trademark for the antenna on the rear end of the roof, which claims to incur less drag than traditional antennas due to its short length and leeward position.
“I wanted to create a theater that would drag people off the street and seat them not in rows but at tables and give them something to drink, which was unheard of in [American] theater.” 
The four-day event is one of the largest drag racing festivals in the southern hemisphere and has drawn crowds of more than 40, 000 people in previous years.
The Drag in Austin was shut down due to Dylan being in town; Van Zandt drove his motorhome to the cordoned-off area, after which Dylan boarded the vehicle and requested to hear him play several songs.
In almost all cases the graph forms a U-shape, due to the two main components of drag.
At low speeds an aircraft has to generate lift with a higher angle of attack, which results in a greater induced drag.
For this reason profile drag is more pronounced at greater speeds, forming the right side of the lift/velocity graph's U shape.
The varying ratio of lift to drag with AoA is often plotted in terms of these coefficients.
As the aircraft fuselage and control surfaces will also add drag and possibly some lift, it is fair to consider the L/D of the aircraft as a whole.
Also, the faster airspeed means the aircraft will fly at greater Reynolds number and this will usually bring about a lower zero-lift drag coefficient.
At very great speeds, lift to drag ratios tend to be lower.
In the United States, stock car racing and drag racing became firmly established.
Furthermore, Lorne's father, George Campbell, was an ardent supporter of William Ewart Gladstone, and the Prince of Wales was worried that he would drag the royal family into political disputes.
But no, it is not a drag, and it is not a rip-off.
 International Drag Racing Competition
But modern controllers use a mathematical model of the ship that is based on a hydrodynamic and aerodynamic description concerning some of the ship's characteristics such as mass and drag.
Von Teese has been seen in CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, RuPaul's Drag Race, The Masked Dancer, The Curious Creations of Christine McConnell, among other television productions.
This position creates a change of water flow pattern from the infant which minimizes separation between the mother and infant, but also increases the mother's surface area and creates a drag for the swimmer.
The design of the kite balloon, having a shape and cable bridling which stabilise the balloon and reduce drag, meant that it could be operated with more wind than a spherical balloon.
As the case opened in 2009, Judge O'Hagan had instructed both sides to go away and talk about reaching an agreement or else it would drag on for years.
The purpose of the TMS is to lengthen and shorten the tether so the effect of cable drag where there are underwater currents is minimized.
Berman originally planned for the concert to be recorded and aired sometime in February 2009 on Nashville's famed WSM AM radio station; however, the day before the show, Berman posted on the Drag City message board to say that he had "negotiated out of the WSM part out of the deal."
This became known as the area rule, which allowed a significant reduction in the drag felt by airplanes near the speed of sound.
Casting about for other research, he returned to the question of transonic drag, especially on wings.
Aerodynamicists had known for decades that some sort of wingtip barrier could reduce wingtip vortices, and thus the drag.
The need is mainly with regards to the balance of the forces; drag force due to fluid flow and optical gradient force due to arrangement of intensity spot.
The myosin heads tilt and drag along the actin filament a small distance (10–12 nm).
The design of the villainous Ursula was based upon drag performer Divine.
 Aamr C. Bakshi of The Washington Post on Pakistan Drag Queen talk show host Begum Nawazish Ali
Overall, the effect of the Magnus force on a bullet's flight path itself is usually insignificant compared to other forces such as aerodynamic drag.
In August 1996, Elvis Herselvis, a female Elvis impersonator and drag king, who had been invited to take part in the Second International Elvis Presley Conference held at the University of Mississippi in order "to test the limits of race, class, sexuality and property...," was banned from this event by the conservative sponsors of Elvis Presley Enterprises.
The long runways were perfect for drag strips such as at Santa Pod Raceway.
This added to the already considerable drag the launch tube mountings created, and contributed to the Wfr.
Today, the car is popular for use in drag, autocross and road racing events.
Dreuxilla Divine (born Nelson Roldán; January 12, 1974) is a Puerto Rican drag queen character on television.
 1995 Drag Disharmony Hellride
Prior to Unforgiven, several of Victoria's matches were interrupted by a mysterious person in drag, who was later revealed to be Steven Richards, with whom she was previously allied.
Once in safety, Miranda reveals that she had witnessed the murder Joyce claimed she had seen; more precisely, she saw Garfield and Rowena drag Olga's body through the quarry garden and only later realized she had witnessed a murder.
Eco-modding is the reduction of drag, petroleum car adaptation to use renewable energy (generally, changing or adding a new engine or motor), generally hydrogen or electricity.
 pronunciation of the zero-lift drag coefficient „”
The USAAF rejected this proposal, citing increased drag, and hence reduced range for the composite bomber-fighter configuration.
the resistance of the medium) is proportional to Sρv and therefore the ratio of drag to attraction is inversely proportional to Sv.
To reduce drag, superluminal wave velocities were necessary, and they would still be subject to the heating problem.
Thus for a given characteristic strength of gravity, the amount of drag for a given speed u can be made arbitrarily small by increasing the speed v of the ultramundane corpuscles.
Contrary to the drag effect, this component will act to accelerate both objects away from each other.
He notes that the mechanism of "bouncing particles" reproduces the inverse-square force law and that "the strangeness of the mathematical relation will be very much reduced", but then remarks that the scheme "does not work", because of the drag it predicts would be experienced by moving bodies.
Death, from Detroit, was active from 1971–1976, with a self-released limited single in 1976 being their only release until 2009, when Drag City began releasing the band's unreleased 1970s demo recordings and surviving members reformed the group.
While the thick and sometimes rough edge of a wooden pick may create a fair amount of drag at first, wooden picks are generally easy to break in and may even do so quicker than plastic picks.
The most novel aspect of this show was that, except for the Brazilian drag act Les Étoiles, the members of the orchestra, choir and the dance troupe were exclusively female.
Pacer's drag coefficient of 0.43 was relatively low for that time.
It is also useful to show the relationship between section lift coefficient and drag coefficient.
While living in downtown Boston at age 18, Goldin "fell in with the drag queens," living with them and photographing them.
This drag force occurs in airplanes due to wings or a lifting body redirecting air to cause lift and also in cars with airfoil wings that redirect air to cause a downforce.
At practical angles of attack the lift greatly exceeds the drag.
However, there is an increase in the drag equal to the product of the lift force and the angle through which it is deflected.
From this equation it is clear that the induced drag decreases with flight speed and with wingspan.
With  being a function of angle of attack, induced drag increases as the angle of attack increases.
A wing of infinite span and uniform airfoil segment would experience no induced drag, for a given total amount of lift, because the amount of lift generated by each segment of the airfoil would approach zero.
The drag characteristics of a wing with infinite span can be simulated using an airfoil segment the width of a wind tunnel.
More recent aircraft have wingtip-mounted winglets to reduce the induced drag.
Similarly, for a given wing area, a high aspect ratio wing will produce less induced drag than a wing of low aspect ratio.
(Of course, flying higher where the air is thinner will raise the speed at which minimum drag occurs, and so permits a faster voyage for the same amount of fuel.
The power required is equal to the drag times the speed.
This allowed a smaller radiator to be used, which also retracted at high speed to further reduce drag.
Manning subsequently formed Imperial Drag, with Dover, and pursued careers as a solo artist and session musician.
Some of his songs proposed for the potential third Jellyfish album were reworked for his solo records, but none made it into Imperial Drag.
The illumination favours both those who enjoy the merrymaking as well as the fishermen, who use the time to drag their nets in from the sea.
From 2011, the NASCAR Canadian Tire Series, drag racing, and other forms of motorsport began running on the airport's runways and surrounding areas, on what is known as Circuit ICAR.
 2018: RuPaul's Drag Race – as himself
Optimization studies considering weight, drag, fuel volume, cost, and performance indicated that a substantial portion of the new wing benefit could be secured with modifications to the existing wing.
Although there are several types of wing tip devices which function in different manners, their intended effect is always to reduce an aircraft's drag by partial recovery of the tip vortex energy.
Located on the 747's horizontal stabilizers, the devices increase the tailplane's effectiveness under the weight of the Space Shuttle orbiter, though these were more for directional stability than for drag reduction.
A sharp interior angle in this region can interact with the boundary layer flow causing a drag inducing vortex, negating some of the benefit of the winglet.
In testing by Boeing and NASA, they reduce drag by as much as 5.5%, compared to 3.5% to 4.5% for conventional winglets.
Non-planar wingtips provide the wake control benefit of winglets, with less parasitic drag penalty, if designed carefully.
Nathan was unaware of Toomes's true identity, and encouraged the injured criminal to take chances with life and not to let handicaps drag him down (Nathan was a paraplegic).
The great advantage of the Horten designs was the relatively low parasitic drag of their airframes.
This happened while she was drag racing Jorma Kaukonen and both were driving over 100 miles per hour.
A lower, fastback roofline was added mid-year to improve looks and make the big cars more competitive on the NASCAR tracks with less drag and reduced aerodynamic lift at high speed.
The  engine was used in 50 lightweight fiberglass-equipped cars for drag racing.
In the following December a mob threatened to drag him out of his coach when on his way to the House of Lords.
Ethyl Eichelberger (born James Roy Eichelberger, July 17, 1945 – August 12, 1990) was an Obie award-winning American drag performer, playwright, and actor.
A thicker blade will be heavier and stronger and stiffer than a thinner one of similar design while also making it experience more drag while slicing or piercing.
During the ensuing fight, Carnage tries to drag Ashley into Dormammu's realm with him, but Eddie and Venom sacrifice themselves to save her and fall through the portal with Carnage.
The drag pack required either the 3.91:1 or the 4.30:1 axle ratio, and included a 4-bolt main engine block, forged pistons, 780 CFM Holley carburetor, engine oil cooler, and a solid lifter cam.
Super Stock and Drag Illustrated fitted a pair of slicks to the same Torino and ran a 13.39 seconds at .
This front-end extension allowed Ford engineers to taper the front-end to reduce drag.
Because of their power levels, and the fact that Chrysler had showed Bill France that a DOHC 426 Hemi was in the works, it was banned from NASCAR races, though allowed in certain drag racing classes.
 Nostalgia Super Stock, a drag racing class
The engine was obsolete but the low drag of the V.26 and light weight meant that it was still quite fast.
His statements referred to the Saudi deputy crown prince Mohammad bin Salman's threats against the country about a month earlier, in which bin Salman revealed their policy to drag the regional conflict into Iranian borders.
Romney also felt that Goldwater would be a drag on Republicans running in all the other races that year, including Romney's own (at the time, Michigan had two-year terms for its governor).
His technical assignments while assigned to the Astronaut Office included Chief of the Operations Development Branch; lead for improvements to the nosewheel steering, brakes, tires, and development of a landing drag chute; astronaut team leader for the Shuttle Avionics Integration Laboratory (SAIL); and ascent/entry spacecraft communicator (CAPCOM) in the Mission Control Center.
The film stars the countercultural drag queen Divine as a criminal living under the name of Babs Johnson, who is proud to be "the filthiest person alive".
He appeared along with his sister Amy as special guest judges on season 8, episode 8, of RuPaul's Drag Race.
PDF files), sort pages, and drag & drop single or multiple pages between several opened multi-page documents, or into other applications, such as attaching to an opened email message.
The Land Transport (Unauthorised Street and Drag Racing) Amendment Act 2003 is commonly known as the "Boy Racer Act".
The ability to make a small scale model of a ship, and extract useful predictive data with respect to a full size ship, depends directly on the experimentalist applying Reynolds' turbulence principles to friction drag computations, along with a proper application of William Froude's theories of gravity wave energy and propagation.
Kevin Aviance (born Eric Snead on June 22, 1968) is an American drag queen, club/dance musician, fashion designer and nightclub personality.
He moved to Washington D.C. where he worked as a hairdresser and did drag performances.
 How Do I Look website, about the Harlem Drag Balls 
His artistic output embraced a number of media and disciplines, including music, set and window design, and drag performance.
Additionally, this running technique reduces the drag experienced during the run while simultaneously allowing the lizard’s body to be propelled across the water at an average speed of 1.6 m/s.
Lettuce's appearances include MTV, Comedy Central, The People's Court and a cameo on Sex and the City as Samantha's ex-beau turned Bingo Drag impersonator.
Lettuce appeared on an episode of Ugly Betty entitled "Chica and the Man" in which Wilhelmina Slater discovered she had a drag impersonator named Wilhediva Hater.
The series featured fellow New York drag queens Bianca Del Rio, Dallas DuBois, Lady Bunny, Mimi Imfurst, Peppermint, and Sherry Vine.
Lady Bunny, originally known as "Bunny Hickory Dickory Dock" (born Jon Ingle, August 13, 1962), is an American drag queen, nightclub DJ, actor, comedian, and event organizer.
Soon, Lady Bunny became one of the Club Kids and in 1985, she organized the first Wigstock, an annual drag queen festival that lasted until 2005, and was later revived in 2018.
Her style of drag performance is comedic and often involves the parodying of popular songs.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Lady Bunny produced an online drag show called 'Cuntagious'.
Lady Bunny was Dean of Drag and had a role of judge in the first season.
Episode 5 ("Roast in Peace") of the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars features a roast of Lady Bunny at a mock funeral.
Small cross-sectional area allows the adult bird to have a small cross-section and therefore reduce drag when swimming.
Later he began releasing albums with the label Drag City, to which he remains signed today.
Both recordings were released through Drag City, worldwide.
Royal Trux returned to their old label Drag City.
Since then, both have recorded albums for Drag City; Hagerty under his own name and as The Howling Hex, and Herrema under the name RTX.
Dan Koretzky, co-founder of Drag City (to which the band were signed), noted: "If everyone who listened to the Velvet Underground started their own band, then everyone who listened to Royal Trux started reaching beyond their grasp, musical or otherwise".
She was portrayed in the Pedro Almodóvar film Bad Education (2004) by a male actor in drag (Gael García Bernal) as the cross-dressing character Zahara, and a film clip from one of her movies was used, as well.
The Richard Bey Show combined the variety show with the tabloid talk show, not only having its guests talk about their problems but also having them participate in absurdist games, and Sally Jesse Raphael was known for occasionally having music and fashion in the show, especially drag and gender-bending performances.
However, they are quite bulky and this causes increased drag and swimming effort.
Other adaptations of tuna for speed include a streamlined, spindle-shaped body, fins designed to reduce drag, and muscles with a raised myoglobin content, which gives these a reddish colour and makes for a more efficient use of oxygen.
He claimed to have started smoking cigars at the age of seven, saying "My dad gave me a drag on one at Christmas, thinking it would put me off them forever, but it had the opposite effect."
Logo TV, the show's broadcast station, released a statement on April 14, 2014 saying: "We wanted to thank the community for sharing their concerns around a recent segment and the use of the term 'she-mail' on Drag Race.
Tony Schumacher, drag racer, 7-time NHRA champ
In sketches that called for more than one female role, Kenney would usually portray the character that needed to appear the most "feminine", and the other roles would go to male cast members who would wear drag.
Sestre are a Slovenian drag act that represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002.
The planing bottom of the hull had only a slight step in the keel to minimize drag in the air.
Bryant is a frequently portrayed character at drag shows across the United States.
The error would have been larger had Cooper not recognized the problem when the reentry gauge indicated that they were too high, and attempted to compensate by increasing the bank angle from 53 to 90 degrees to the left to increase the drag.
There, a malicious drag queen, Miss Coco, corners Gabriel in the restroom.
In 1971, one leading family sacrificed 350 buffalo over the course of a year in order to feed the 1,000 people necessary to drag the capstone 3 km from the quarry to the tombsite.
The chair is made of Dalbergia odorifera wood, holds 22 rockets rather than 47, and is resistant to atmospheric drag but not micrometeoroid impacts.
In the summertime snowmobilers can drag race on grass, asphalt strips, or even across water (see Snowmobile skipping).
These forces must be strong enough to counter the effects of drag and the weight of the craft.
To minimize drag and maintain the desired shape, choice of a material for the wing surface is also important.
One unique characteristic was the XP-83's refusal to slow down due to its sleek aerodynamic shape and lack of drag brakes.
The cursor also changes in context to show when players can drag or toggle switches, or when certain items can be picked up and carried.
By the 1970s the combination of Helpmann and Ashton in comic drag as the Ugly Sisters in Ashton's Cinderella had become a much-loved institution at Covent Garden in various revivals since its 1948 premiere.
After concluding Reindeer Games in 1999, he contracted Hepatitis C and "had to drag [his] ass" from Canada to Austin, Texas to begin filming of Spy Kids in 2000.
Expense reporter includes date reporting, tax calculation, drag and drop receipts between folders.
These machines can be modified for such racing disciplines as motocross, woods racing (also known as cross country), desert racing (also known as Hare Scrambles), hill climbing, ice racing, speedway, Tourist Trophy (TT), flat track, drag racing and others.
Flight tests revealed a serious drag problem, which was addressed via the adoption of Küchemann wingtips and "beaver tail" engine nacelle fairings, as well as a redesigned basal rudder segment for greater control effectiveness; these aerodynamic refinements considerably elongated the testing process.
To compensate, the lift force must be increased by increasing the angle of attack by use of up elevator deflection which increases drag.
The immediate bank angle an aircraft can achieve before drag seriously bleeds off airspeed is known as its instantaneous turn performance.
Thus, it was necessary to either drag them or to move them on rollers to the construction site.
In September 2010, Airbus confirmed that from 2013 the Airbus A318 would become available with Sharklets, wingtip devices which reduce lift-induced drag and improve efficiency through reduced fuel consumption.
In 1997, Drag, an album of cover tunes dedicated to 'smoke' (specifically cigarette smoking), was released.
There is also slightly less drag from airflow around the rudder interfering with airflow over the elevators, compared to a cruciform tail.
Either situation causes the aircraft to autorotate toward the stalled wing due to its higher drag and loss of lift.
The aileron application creates a differential induced drag that raises the nose toward a level pitch attitude.
Joly Herman of Common Sense Media wrote more negatively of the show, saying that, "Though it looks cool and has an upbeat energy, the show can be a bit of a drag.
Fuel efficiency is dependent on many parameters of a vehicle, including its engine parameters, aerodynamic drag, weight, AC usage, fuel and rolling resistance.
("Tell your old man to drag Walton and Lanier up and down the court for 48 minutes!")
System 7.5's Drag Manager expanded the concept system-wide to include multiple data types such as text or audio data.
In 2021, Ginger Minj portrayed Diller in the Snatch Game of Love on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
 Guest Judge on RuPaul's Drag U, Season 1 Episode 8, "A Star Is Born Again"
But they are intercepted by skekSil, who attempts to drag them to the other Skeksis when they refuse him further.
A straight, unswept wing experiences high drag as it approaches the speed of sound, due to the progressive buildup of sonic shockwaves.
The B-1's variable-sweep wings provide a relatively high level of lift during takeoff and landing, while also generating little drag during a high-speed dash.
Skiing in Val d'Isère has its roots in the 1930s when a drag lift was built on the slopes of the Solaise.
In ballistics or aerodynamics, an ogive is a pointed, curved surface mainly used to form the approximately streamlined nose of a bullet or other projectile, reducing air resistance or the drag of air.
Canada's Drag Race - reality
The sand drag has since been removed.
The next year's Oscars opened with Palance appearing to drag in a giant Academy Award, with Crystal (again the host) riding on the opposite end.
Moving to San Francisco in 1970 at the age of 22, Sylvester embraced the counterculture and joined the avant-garde drag troupe the Cockettes, producing solo segments of their shows which were heavily influenced by female blues and jazz singers such as Billie Holiday and Josephine Baker.
At Los Angeles' Whisky a Go Go bar, Sylvester met Reggie Dunnigan, who invited him to move to the city of San Francisco in Northern California to join the "Chocolate Cockettes"—black members of an avant-garde performance art drag troupe known as the Cockettes.
The success led the troupe to take their show to New York City, a city with a long history of drag culture.
After a brief sojourn in England, Sylvester returned to San Francisco and assembled three young drag queens to be backing singers: Arnold Elzie, Leroy Davis, and Gerry Kirby.
In the film, he plays one of the drag queens singing along to Bob Seger's "Fire Down Below", in a single scene that was filmed in a run-down bar in downtown Los Angeles.
African-American drag queens
Rita is a hydraulically launched steel sit-down coaster that reaches a top speed of 62 mph (100 km) that is now themed around an abandoned drag racer that is used to escape the Dark Forest.
In the former case, connecting directly to a single level car causes drag and connecting door problems.
This altitude is usually where the higher ground speeds, the increase in aerodynamic drag power, and the decrease in engine thrust and efficiency at higher altitudes are balanced.
A lifelong resident of Earl's Court Square and social activist, Jennifer Ware, recollects as a child being taken there to Sunday lunch in the 1930s, when drag entertainers performed after lunch had finished.
Soldiers have noticed Tell and his son in the crowd, refusing to pay homage to the hat, and drag him forward.
To obtain his Equity card, he worked in a drag act called Feeling Mutual.
Her stories often include themes where an alien or supernatural force is either trying to break into the world of the characters, or else trying to drag them into their own unnatural realms.
Whenever lift is increased, induced drag is also increased.
On low drag aircraft such as sailplanes, spoilers are used to disrupt airflow over the wing and greatly reduce lift.
Trimming controls allow a pilot to balance the lift and drag being produced by the wings and control surfaces over a wide range of load and airspeed.
It raised the orbit that had been lowered due to atmospheric drag, and lasted 6.5 seconds.
Notably, Tracy’s mother, Edna Turnblad, is performed in drag during the shows.
In 2018, Jones threatened to come after drag performers with torches "like the villagers in the night".
David Armbruster, swimming coach at the University of Iowa, researched the breaststroke, especially considering the problem of drag due to the underwater recovery.
Swimming under water reduces the drag from breaking the surface and is very economical.
Guardian journalist Penny Anderson criticised the length of certain tracks and noted that the record "doesn't half drag on", while Fiona Sturges of The Independent found Brown's singing and the band's lyrics to be remarkably poor, and objected to the editors of NME voting The Stone Roses the best British album of all time.
Dippers are also dangerously handicapped by ringing because the rings induce drag that makes it extremely difficult for them to catch prey in fast-flowing water.
 Shangela, drag queen, reality television personality
On July 13, 2017, Romero released the first poster for Road of the Dead and discussed the plot for the movie saying "it's set in a sanctuary city where this fat cat runs a haven for rich folks, and one of the things that he does is stage drag races to entertain them," Romero told Rue Morgue.
Such tools can replace many authoring tools as more complicated functions such as creating simulations, drag and drop etc.
In 2009, several drag queens in the city put together "Ravishing in Red", a tribute show to Sexton, as a fundraiser for the Sexton Centre.
Andrés del Real from La Tercera felt she is an icon for the sexual minority, and professor Ramón García in Chicano Representation and the Strategies of Modernism (1997) wrote Thalía is "the dream identity of many drag queens".
The race pits dozens of drag queens against each other in a sprint down 17th Street NW between R Street and Church Street, a distance of three short blocks.
The album includes lyrically transgressive themes like their debut, exploring topics such as sex, amphetamines, and drag queens.
Reed explained the song as "a bunch of drag queens taking some sailors home with them, shooting up on smack and having this orgy when the police appear".
Later, these cars met with some success in drag racing, where their high power-to-weight ratio worked to their advantage.
Form drag depends on the longitudinal section of the body.
Interference drag is greater when two surfaces meet at perpendicular angles, and can be minimised by the use of fairings.
Skin friction is caused by viscous drag in the boundary layer around the object.
While decrease in cross-sectional area decreases drag force on the body as the disturbance in air flow is less.
Marabbecca is a malevolent water monster from the mythology of Sicily that lived in wells and reservoirs and was said to come up and drag children that played too close down into the water to drown.
She felt that it would only drag the suffrage movement down and that all of the other issues could be solved once women had the right to vote.
The goal is to produce maximum thrust during the insweep phase, and minimum drag during the recovery phase.
The knees should not sink too low, as this increases the drag.
The resulting drag coefficient (or more precisely the frontal area) is thus doubled in the thrust phase.
Doing this under water will reduce the drag.
The OpenGL++ effort would drag on and eventually be killed, and SGI then tried again with Microsoft with the similar Fahrenheit project, which also died.
The overall position of the body is straight in the horizontal to reduce drag.
This reduces drag and permits a faster start.
According to Dorin, while filming the episode "The Night of the Murderous Spring", her costume became entangled in machinery used to drag a boat she and Dunn were in under water.
2016: Rupaul's Drag Race (Guest Judge)
In 1927, Mae West wrote a play about homosexuality called The Drag, and alluded to the work of Karl Heinrich Ulrichs.
To further reduce drag, both her funnels were telescopic and could be lowered.
It makes the Nero MediaHome media library also available to non-Nero programs using simple drag and drop.
Sylvia Sidney, "Boston's most (in)famous drag queen", regularly performed at clubs in the Combat Zone.
A drag coefficient of  was achieved for the AR hatchback.
Seaplanes also had poorer performance than other aircraft because of the drag and weight of the floats.
Ideally, with fewer surfaces than a conventional three-aerofoil tail or a T-tail, the V-tail is lighter and has less wetted surface area, so thus produces less induced and parasitic drag.
found that their peculiar skeletal motifs deliver important fluid-dynamic effects on both reducing the drag experienced by the sponge and in promoting coherent swirling motions inside the body cavity, arguably to promote selective filter feeding and sexual reproduction
A two-dimensional model might be used to simulate the drag forces on the cross-section of an aeroplane wing.
 Drag Queens on Trial 1985 Sky Gilbert
It is applied onto the starting line of drag racing courses used to improve traction.
The strong participation by AMC in Trans-Am and drag racing served to enhance its image, and notable was that its motorsports efforts were achieved on a shoestring budget with the automaker racking up a respectable number of points against its giant competitors.
Also, certain ants try to drag queens out of their nests by pulling on the antennae or legs.
The XT-37 was aerodynamically clean, so much so that a speedbrake was fitted behind the nosewheel doors to help increase drag for landing and for use in other phases of flight.
Catholic soldiers enter the cemetery, seize Raoul, Valentine and Marcel and drag them away, wounding all three, after they refuse to abjure their faith.
So I'd drag my cot off in search of a quiet corner ... [only to find] an intense philosophical discussion going on in one corner ... people making peanut butter sandwiches-always peanut butter ... in another ... [And] some soap opera ... romantic entanglement being played out in another ...
The Captain collapses from the cold and Dersu has to drag and stuff him into the shelter.
The vodyanoy would sometimes drag people down to his underwater dwelling to serve him as slaves.
The term originated for the 1960s and early 1970s special editions of mass-production cars which were designed for drag racing.
At Orléans, the duke of Guise was assassinated, and when the Queen's fears that the war might drag on led her to negotiate a truce, Condé negotiated the Peace of Amboise with the Catholic party in 1563, which gave the Huguenots some religious toleration.
The earliest Su-24 had a box-like rear fuselage, which was soon changed in production to a rear exhaust shroud more closely shaped around the engines in order to reduce drag.
With the Phase 1 drag reduction in place then, the aircraft could only achieve its full range with  of payload, or a reduced range of  with a full payload.
However, the NTSB concluded that the compressor surges would not have significantly reduced the engines' thrust, and that the plane's failure to gain speed was due to aerodynamic drag on the aircraft due to the high angle of attack, rather than a loss of engine thrust.
Hoerner estimated the drag of the Bf 109 fixed tailwheel and compared it with that of other protrusions such as the pilot's canopy.
A step increases the drag in flight.
A hull much longer than its width also reduced drag in flight.
Monowheel gear is also used on some powered aircraft, where drag reduction is a priority, such as the Europa Classic.
where  is the lift,  is the drag,  is the thrust, and  is the height of aircraft cg from the static groundline.
Daggerboards also afford an opportunity to reduce drag when racing because they can be retracted when not needed (i.e.
Daggerboard rigs may be faster than fixed keels because fixed keels have so much hydrodynamic drag by the shape.
Early that March morning, the aircraft, a Douglas DC-2, registration NC13727, suffered an explosion in the left engine that, in turn, caused the engine's cowling to open up, creating serious drag on the left wing.
Coincidentally, Peter White, a senior aerodynamicist attended a symposium in Brussels and learned of Whitcomb's conical shaped bodies set on the top of a wing which would add volume while reducing wave drag.
The airframe was streamlined, and fitted with retractable tricycle undercarriage landing gear to reduce drag.
When the jet engines were shut down, louvers closed off the front of the pods to reduce drag and to prevent ingestion of sand and dirt.
This appeared in Super Stock and Drag Illustrated.
The fibreglass body was bonded to its steel chassis for extra rigidity, and achieved a drag coefficient of 0.34.
Notably, Baldwin Chevrolet of Long Island, New York, became famous for offering the "Street Racer Special," a 1968 Biscayne coupe with dealer-fitted high-performance 427 cubic-inch V8, and heavy-duty suspension components, turning the Biscayne into a serious drag car.
The Queen's soldiers act as the arches (or hoops) on the croquet grounds, but have to leave off being arches every time the Queen has an executioner drag away the victim, so that, by the end of the game in the story, the only players that remain are the Queen herself, the King, and Alice.
Non-standard egress systems include Downward Track (used for some crew positions in bomber aircraft, including the B-52 Stratofortress), Canopy Destruct (CD) and Through-Canopy Penetration (TCP), Drag Extraction, Encapsulated Seat, and even Crew Capsule.
Halfway between simply "bailing out" and using explosive-eject systems, Drag Extraction uses the airflow past the aircraft (or spacecraft) to move the aviator out of the cockpit and away from the stricken craft on a guide rail.
Around this time, two of Anger's friends, the couple Renate Druks and Paul Mathiesin held a party based upon the theme of "Come As Your Madness"; Anger himself attended dressed in drag as the ancient Greek goddess Hekate.
On the other hand, if a long train is being started, the locomotive may stall as soon as some of the slack has been taken up, as the drag imposed by the train will exceed the tractive force being developed.
I'm sick of politicians who drag their spouses up in front of the cameras rather than confronting the problem they caused.
Delta could not keep the 747s full without deeply discounting ticket prices; the discounts and increased maintenance required of a four-engine aircraft led to a drag on profits.
Director Jennie Livingston captured the realities of New York's drag balls and houses, and of the people of color who occupied these spaces.
Stylized vogue dancing was also exhibited as central to the drag experience, notably influencing the artistry of pop icon Madonna.
This was followed by news programme The Catch Up, an Eating With My Ex celebrity special, and the premieres of RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World, Lazy Susan, and the documentary Cherry Valentine: Gypsy Queen And Proud.
All three of these mills were constructed on the Drag River, an important river in the county in the center of Haliburton Village used to send lumber downstream.
On April 28, 2011, Lowe was arrested and charged with driving under the influence, reckless driving, and improper lane change after he was spotted drag racing down an Atlanta street with another car.
Drag has been traced back by the Oxford English Dictionary (OED) to the late 19th Century.
It is an important parameter with respect to the ship's drag, or resistance, especially in terms of wave making resistance.
As such these letters represent, "important written documents for drag queen history since most of these types of letters were destroyed out of fear."
As was common on pre-war designs, the line of the rear fuselage flowed straight into the line of the canopy, which created less drag than a bubble canopy, but also blocked direct viewing to the rear.
Traditionally, flight simulators emulate the real-world performance of an aircraft by using empirical data in predefined lookup tables to determine aerodynamic forces such as lift or drag, which vary with differing flight conditions.
Bakshi said that one of the problems with the production was that the film was an epic, because "epics tend to drag.
The flight stabilizes the dart by producing drag, thus preventing the rear of the dart from overtaking the point.
Such concerns include how some parents or caregivers might "tug on the tether or drag the child.".
Morning comes, and Powhatan and his tribe drag John to a cliff overlooking a clearing for execution.
Float is core to critical path method, with the total floats of noncritical activities key to computing the critical path drag of an activity, i.e., the amount of time it is adding to the project's duration.
The aircraft would be fitted with a large engine, and a relatively small wing with a high wing loading for a stable ride at low altitudes, and less drag at supersonic speeds.
Using the Knudsen number an adjustment for Stokes' law can be used in the Cunningham correction factor, this is a drag force correction due to slip in small particles (i.e.
When the Journal called for a reevaluation of the evidence against Frank, Watson, in the March 19, 1914 edition of his magazine, attacked Smith for trying "to bring the courts into disrepute, drag down the judges to the level of criminals, and destroy the confidence of the people in the orderly process of the law."
In these designs, the boosters and first stage fire simultaneously instead of consecutively, providing extra initial thrust to lift the full launcher weight and overcome gravity losses and atmospheric drag.
High speed aircraft may use bleed air which uses compressed air from the turbine engine to remove water, rather than mechanical wipers, to save weight and drag.
Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo, an American all-male drag ballet company
Muñoz specifically draws on the African-American dancer and drag queen performer Kevin Aviance to articulate his interest not in what queer gestures might mean, but what they might perform.
In 2012, Pawar gave up the chairmanship of the Empowered Group of Ministers investigating the 2G spectrum case, days after his appointment by the prime minister, fearing that his association with the decision-making process would drag him into the 2G Spectrum controversy.
The first one he attended after Malone was accepted was on 2 April 1782, and in the period until Johnson's death on 13 December 1784, they saw each other at the club only five times; the last time on 22 June 1784, when Johnson "was in obvious pain and had to drag himself to get there."
Warping the wing did what was expected in terms of lift, thereby rolling the plane, but also had an effect on drag.
Refinements included redesigned front disc brakes for less drag and a translucent plastic master cylinder reservoir.
In order to calculate the drag coefficient, the grain's Reynolds number needs to be discovered, which is based on the type of fluid through which the sediment particle is flowing, laminar flow, turbulent flow or a hybrid of both.
it is Hegel qua philosopher of the "bureaucratic class" or Beamtenstaat that has been definitely surpassed with Hitler's triumph... this class of civil servants—which Hegel in the Rechtsphilosophie deems the "universal class"—represents an impermissible drag on the sovereignty of executive authority.
The design features a unique "feathering" atmospheric reentry system where the rear half of the wing and the twin tail booms folds 70 degrees upward along a hinge running the length of the wing; this increases drag while retaining stability.
Drag marks left on the runway by the left rear landing wheels show the Concorde was veering to the left as it accelerated toward takeoff.
Navigation is presented from a first-person view and complemented with a heads-up display that shows character and weapon information, a map, and a drag and drop inventory.
Many drag racing and road racing organizations had similar rules, which contributed to a wide range of performance parts being made available through Ford dealership parts counters.
In late 1964, Ford contracted Holman & Moody to prepare ten 427-powered Mustangs to contest the National Hot Rod Association's (NHRA) A/Factory Experimental Class in the 1965 drag racing season.
In drag racing, the 427 Ford Galaxie was a winner in three consecutive National Events: the '64 Indy Nationals, the 1965 WinterNationals and the 1965 Indy Nationals.
The 428 Cobra Jet engine (modified to the NHRA Stock and Super Stock technical specifications) made its drag racing debut at 1968 NHRA Winternationals, held from February 2–4, 1968, at the Auto Club Raceway at Los Angeles County Fairgrounds, in Pomona, California.
In 2020, Schiff faced a crowded primary, which included Republican attorney Eric Early and Democratic drag queen Maebe A.
July 23 – Air Canada Flight 143, a Boeing 767, runs out of fuel above Manitoba because of a miscalculation; the crew successfully glides the aircraft to a safe landing at a former Air Force base (and current drag strip) at Gimli, Manitoba; the aircraft becomes known as the Gimli Glider.
 January 21 - Gary Beck, two-time World champion drag racing driver
During the 1970s, the St. Charles in particular was the focus of many attacks by homophobes, especially on Halloween when the tavern held an annual drag contest that had been proceeded by an outdoor promenade until attacks by homophobes hurling eggs and rotten fruit made that impossible.
The sub remained mostly inactive until 2 February 1970, when she began an overhaul in drydock and modifications to prepare her for Project SURPASS, researching the use of polymer mixed with fresh water to reduce drag, sponsored by the Naval Ship Research and Development Center at Carderock, Maryland.
In 1971 the first of three drag lifts was installed, followed in 1972 by the opening of the first ski school.
"He shouldn't continue to drag the image of our state down with his legal problems," Livingston said of Edwards.
Starting his career at age 17, Gefen appeared on stage in drag and heavy makeup, bragged about his evasion of the draft, and sang about drugs, sex and alienation in a hard-rock style reminiscent of Punk Rock.
Feeling a tremendous increase in drag and a sudden deceleration, one of the crew members retracted the flaps.
Larroquette is forced to dress in drag as Bea Arthur, when all four appear in public as the "original" cast members.
When the firing ceased, Candlish managed to drag Evans to shore, where he died.
 Jenny Drag (v), Guri Go-Go (g), Heidi Heelz (b), Lisa Lux (d)
In the 2020s a variant of the hairstyle called the "modern mullet" gained popularity with LGBTQ+ influencers and celebrities such as Miley Cyrus, Crystal Methyd of RuPaul's Drag Race season 12, Euphoria's Barbie Ferreira, and Tiger King's Joe Exotic.
 Sharon Needles, drag performer
Some bodysurfers also use a wooden or foam handplane, which helps to get one's chest out of the water to reduce drag.
Efficient propulsion requires a low drag attitude in the water, and thrust along the direction of movement.
The spoiler increases the overall drag coefficient from  to  and is activated at speeds equal to or above  by brake line pressure.
The F1 GT featured the same extended rear bodywork as the GTRs for increased downforce and reduced drag, yet lacked the rear wing that had been seen on the F1 LM.
17 December – An alliance of Kashmiri separatists, the Hurriyat, begin talks to discuss a unified response to the Indian government's ceasefire but divisions between the factions drag the conference into a second day.
Possibly as a measure to prevent a recurrence of stalling, due to the lowered airspeed caused by the drag of the landing gear, the crew quickly discussed lowering the flaps.
 Pearl, a competitor on season 7 of RuPaul's Drag Race
Drag may also be produced at speed due to truck (bogie) hunting, which will increase the rolling friction between wheels and rails.
If a 'compassionate conservative' was actually a government-shrinking libertarian in religious drag, then fine.
Frictional drag and associated eddy-like structures create the lobed appearance of the fallout.
The  was suitable for both express passenger and fast freight service, though it was not suited to heavy drag freight trains.
In October 2021 it was reported that Tony Stewart Racing would begin fielding entries in the NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series which will be first be made up of a Top Fuel entry for Leah Pruett and a Funny Car entry for Matt Hagan.
Programmers create interactive stories using a modern IDE interface with a drag and drop style of programming.
Mike loves to lure and drag Dagwood into political debates at points where it usually leaves Dagwood frustrated.
Modern formula cars that have exposed wheels and suspension typically use streamlined tubing rather than simple round tubing for their suspension arms to reduce aerodynamic drag.
Noted for its aerodynamic body shape with a drag coefficient of 0.318,
The G6 GXP also raced in the NHRA Powerade Drag Racing Series Pro Stock class for Warren Johnson Racing.
In Steve Sekely's 1962 film adaptation, the triffids (now given the binomial name Triffidus celestus) were designed with flaying tentacles below their stems, which they use as slashing weapons and to drag their dead prey.
In System 7.5, drag and drop was extended to common clipboard operations like copying or moving textual content within a document.
Google Images permits users to drag and drop image files into a browser to perform a reverse image search.
Drag and drop is considered an important program construction approach in many end-user development systems.
Drag and drop is also featured in many shader editing programs for graphics tools, such as Blender.
For example, certain managers have been known to use a "wide target man" on the wing, namely a large and physical player who usually plays as a centre-forward, and who will attempt to win aerial challenges and hold up the ball on the flank, or drag full-backs out of position.
The ballistic model is also detailed, taking into account drag coefficient properties, muzzle velocity, and mass of each individual type of ammunition.
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009)
In a later myth, first attested in the Maṇi bka' 'bum, the Tibetan people are the progeny of the union of the monkey Pha Trelgen Changchup Sempa and rock ogress Ma Drag Sinmo.
During August drag races are held at the Boulia Airport which attracts an enthusiastic crowd.
The war against Napoleon began in 1794 and was to drag on for another 20 years.
 TMD (2000-2008), which was an entertainment event that was marketed towards gays and featured drag queens as guests.
Suppose we parallel transport the vector first along the equator until at point P and then (keeping it parallel to itself) drag it along a meridian to the pole N and (keeping the direction there) subsequently transport it along another meridian back to Q.
These early recordings found a cult audience, which led to record label Drag City issuing his album America's Funnyman in 1996.
Thrust, Lift, Weight, and Drag 
Since the thrust is a force that provides "forward motion" and, lift one that produces "upward motion", the drag opposes both of these forces.
This was the first generation of Prelude to have pop-up headlights, which allowed for a more aerodynamic front clip, reducing drag.
The Prelude featured innovative features for its time such as a 0.34 drag coefficient, roof pillars made of high-strength metal and its signature feature, the available option of the world's first mechanical four wheel steering system available in a mass-production passenger car.
In town, the two remaining worms start attacking the building foundations; they knock over a trailer Nestor is standing on, allowing them to drag him under and devour him.
The drag from the hull growth cut the speed and the shipworm caused severe hull damage, especially in tropical waters.
In 1997 Kenneth Acosta, 21, of Sylmar was charged with involuntary manslaughter after a drag race on the 118 Freeway resulted in an accident that caused the deaths of three people, all of them former members of the Sylmar High School band.
Bono and Muta came victorious, but were attacked by The Esperanza, leading Muta to sacrifice himself to drag Esperanza to the underworld.
There has long been a theory, expressed by historian and former British naval intelligence officer Patrick Beesly and authors Colin Simpson and Donald E. Schmidt among others, that Lusitania was deliberately placed in danger by the British authorities, so as to entice a U-boat attack and thereby drag the US into the war on the side of Britain.
Originally, drag racing had tracks as long as  or more, and included up to four lanes of racing simultaneously.
Big tire - a drag racing car running large rear tires usually over 29" tall and wider than 10.5"
Burndown — intentionally slowly staging a car for a drag race in order to throw the other driver off his game, or to cause the opponent's car to build excess heat.
Door slammer (doorslammer, door car) — A drag racing car that retains its stock body with functioning doors or the appearance of a stock body with functioning doors.
Laundry - parachutes used to slow drag racing cars 
Nitro — Nitromethane, used as a fuel additive in some drag cars
Slick(s) — soft compound tire with no grooves, designed only for drag racing.
Wrinkle walls — drag racing slicks
In 1969 Gabelich established a quarter mile Drag boat record of   This is not the same as the Union Internationale Motonautique (UIM) Water Speed Record (WSR) in which Donald Campbell broke  on 23 July 1955 in the Bluebird K7.
Winter was the best season for cutting timber as trees fell more easily when their sap wasn’t running and ice and snow made it easier to drag the timber.
Longshore drift may also drag Emerita laterally along a beach.
The word was probably coined as a whimsical adaptation of aerobraking, which is the process of slowing a space vehicle by the use of aerodynamic drag in a planet's  atmosphere.
Test flights with the YF-105A soon revealed that the aircraft was underpowered and suffered from problems with transonic drag.
Some tracks feature a  long drag mark probably left by the heel, which may indicate the foot was lifted at a low angle to the ground.
The right foot now stepped on the print of the right hand, and the second claw of the left foot made a drag mark from the first resting position to the next.
To reduce hydrodynamic drag, one of the periscopes was deleted.
Two members of Army of Lovers (La Camilla and Dominika) reunited in June 2011 and appeared as guest vocalists on "Don't Try to Steal My Limelight", a single by Swedish drag artist and blogger Miss Inga.
The event was again staged virtually and was hosted by Canada's Drag Race season 1 winner Priyanka, with performers including Allie X, iskwē and Gary Beals.
As well as the coat of arms, the Stourton family has an heraldic badge: A drag (or sledge) or''.
 1976: Getting a Drag - Best Collection (comp., released in Japan only)
Drag was reduced, with external fittings kept to a minimum and the sail greatly reduced in size.
 I'm Not A Fucking Drag Queen - Peter Outerbridge
The 123 flights of NACA 143 served to validate wind-tunnel predictions of the aircraft's performance, except for the fact that the aircraft experienced less drag above Mach 0.85 than the wind tunnels had indicated.
In addition to adding the nozzle extensions, the NACA flight team at the HSFRS chilled the fuel (alcohol) so more could be poured into the tank and waxed the fuselage to reduce drag.
That's a real drag, because the film's fundamental premise—crossing America's nostalgia fixation with Pirandello and the Oz/Narnia/Wonderland archetype—is so damn cool, the film really should have been a masterpiece."
LePointe, while riding a limousine with local health officials, is attacked by two infected crewmen who use a jackhammer through the vehicle door and drag the driver out to feed on him.
Capable of being deployed at Mach 2.2, the parachute can generate up to  of drag force in the Martian atmosphere.
SPECTRUM - a student organization that provides a safe space for LGBT individuals and has coordinated various drag shows.
In addition, drag forces are continually slowing the plane.
Typically, due to aerodynamic drag, there is a wind gradient in the wind flow, especially in the first few hundred meters above the Earth's surface—the surface layer of the planetary boundary layer.
Following in the slipstream of another motor vehicle, or "drafting", allows for significantly improved fuel efficiency due to reduced atmospheric drag.
Using wingtip devices to reduce induced drag caused by wingtip vortices has been tested for aircraft, and could save 10%–29% fuel.
A four-engine version would have been possible with engines like the Daimler-Benz DB 601 but the four-engine layout would impose higher propeller drag to the detriment of performance in dive bombing.
These resembled, but were larger in capacity than, those fitted to the Junkers Ju 88 A bomber, and added to the He 177's weight and drag.
The primary design issue with aircraft-mounted nacelles is streamlining to minimize drag so nacelles are mounted on slender pylons.
The previous lattice air brake was removed; the drag was too much and it bent the fuselage out of shape, making the aircraft unsafe and hastening metal fatigue.
The aircraft retained the ventral Bola gondola under the crew compartment though individual units sometimes removed this to reduce weight and drag to enhance performance.
It was rejected as the bomb bay "bulge" caused too much drag and a thus a reduction in speed.
The creatures fiercely tear doomed souls from their living bodies and drag them down into Hell.
As with the S.23, he made efforts to produce a fuselage that generated the lowest amount of drag possible, while a much longer nose than had been used for the S.23 was ultimately adopted.
Marine growths on the hull were a problem; the resulting drag could be enough to prevent a fully loaded aircraft from gaining enough speed to become airborne.
Body's music-theatre piece Songs & Dances of Desire (2013), written while Auckland Philharmonia Composer-in-Residence, is based on the life of Carmen Rupe, an anti-discrimination and AIDS activist as well as the first Māori drag performer.
Laminar-flow control was thought to potentially reduce drag by as much as 25%.
The jet engine was only intended for takeoff and maximum speed near the target, and was fed by an air inlet on top of the fuselage that was normally kept closed to reduce drag.
Tests were carried out, and Bell engineers followed the recommendations of NACA and the Army to reduce drag such that the top speed was increased 16%.
In the "as delivered" configuration, a profile drag was measured which was representative of the wing section with boundary layer transition at the leading edge (0% laminar flow).
In flight, this configuration was found to have a profile drag representative of boundary layer transition at 60% of chord.
It was moved halfway up the tail, but its position flush with the leading edge of the vertical stabilizer proved to cause extra drag through turbulence and reduced the effectiveness of the elevators and rudder.
The flag of the British Virgin Islands must never been flown above another flag, indicating superiority, or vice versa, indicating inferiority, nor should it be allowed to drag along the ground.
Buoyancy and trim can significantly affect hydrodynamic drag on a diver and the effort required to swim.
After the wind tunnel tests, two wing fences were installed on a more advanced, longer version of the DFS-346, the purpose of fences was to interrupt the spanwise movement of airflow that would otherwise bring the boundary-layer breakdown and transition from attached to stalled airflow with loss of lift and increase of drag.
Middleton's side project, Drag, had issued an EP, Gas Food Lodging, in 2002.
Saiyuki Kagekiden Go to the West & Dead or Alive, has the same cast and a man in drag playing the role of Kanzeon Bosatsu.
Flying a ship is unlike other space sims as Allegiance uses a linear drag flight model, where the absolute speeds are limited, but ship inertia still plays an important role in maneuver considerations.
Airframe design is a field of aerospace engineering that combines aerodynamics, materials technology and manufacturing methods with a focus on weight, strength and aerodynamic drag, as well as reliability and cost.
This innovation dispensed with external torpedo bulges which would otherwise have reduced the speed of the ships due to drag.
Eagles propeller shaft can also be de-clutched from the engine so the propeller can freewheel, thus lessening drag while under sail.
For example, a nearby conductive surface will exert a drag force on a moving magnet that opposes its motion, due to eddy currents induced in the surface by the moving magnetic field.
The kinetic energy which is consumed overcoming this drag force is dissipated as heat by the currents flowing through the resistance of the metal, so the metal gets warm under the magnet.
Eddy current brakes use the drag force created by eddy currents as a brake to slow or stop moving objects.
D’Alembert, working on a 1749 Prize Problem of the Berlin Academy on flow drag, concluded: "It seems to me that the theory (potential flow), developed in all possible rigor, gives, at least in several cases, a strictly vanishing resistance, a singular paradox which I leave to future Geometers [i.e.
However, when the flow problem is put into a non-dimensional form, the viscous Navier–Stokes equations converge for increasing Reynolds numbers towards the inviscid Euler equations, suggesting that the flow should converge towards the inviscid solutions of potential flow theory – having the zero drag of the d'Alembert paradox.
In order to have a non-zero drag on the body, the wake region must extend to infinity.
But this steady-flow model was studied further in the hope it still could give a reasonable estimate of drag.
The German physicist Ludwig Prandtl suggested in 1904 that the effects of a thin viscous boundary layer possibly could be the source of substantial drag.
To verify, as Prandtl suggested, that a vanishingly small cause (vanishingly small viscosity for increasing Reynolds number) has a large effect – substantial drag —
The torpedo buoys used by lifesavers are sometimes used as surface marker buoys as they are visible, tough, available, and reasonably low drag.
This can be avoided by having sufficient friction in the reel spindle that the drag slows rotation rapidly when there is not enough tension in the line to maintain unrolling, or by holding a hand against the reel to slow it down.
Short grass is reported to give the best experience, due to lower drag and hence higher speed.
It had an aerodynamic body which was designed to minimise drag at high speeds.
Over-the-shoulder arm drag
Power steering is electric, reducing accessory drag.
The wedge-shaped body assists aerodynamics and reduces drag for improved fuel economy.
They seize their prey and drag it underwater to drown it.
The goal was to reduce overall length, as testing had shown that shorter submarines were more maneuverable, especially in depth, and had less submerged drag.
Versions 1.2.1 and 1.2.2 added universal binary support for mac as well as drag and drop for tabs and a built in feed validator.
The creation of downforce by passive devices can be achieved only at the cost of increased aerodynamic drag (or friction), and the optimum setup is almost always a compromise between the two.
A larger surface area creates greater downforce and greater drag.
After that the engines are usually jettisoned, or else they just add to the parasitic weight and drag of the aircraft.
 Envy Peru, Winner of Drag Race Holland Season 1
At high angle of attack, parts of the duct will stall and produce aerodynamic drag.
First shown at the Frankfurt Motor Show in September 1989, the Uno received a facelift with revised front styling and revised tailgate, the latter improving the drag coefficient to Cd 0.30,.
The fuselage of the Buccaneer was designed using the area rule technique, which had the effect of reducing aerodynamic drag while travelling at transonic speeds, and gave rise to the characteristic curvy "Coke bottle" shape of the fuselage.
The accident was investigated by the Canadian Aviation Safety Board (CASB), which determined that the probable cause of the crash was the aircraft's unexpectedly high drag and reduced lift condition, most likely due to ice contamination on the wings' leading edges and upper surfaces, as well as underestimated onboard weight.
King Farouk feared that the Italians might invade Egypt or drag it into the fighting.
As its orbit was perturbed and shortened, the shortening could only be ascribed to the drag of an "ether" through which it orbited in outer space.
Seen against the film's kaleidoscopic backdrop of 1970s glitter rock fashion, magic shows, red-light districts and IRA violence, Murphy transforms from androgynous teen to high drag blond bombshell.
The Norse tended to consider an island to be something that they could circumnavigate, and this included being able to drag a boat over land.
The inner edge is not sharply defined: objects closer than 0.06 AU are particularly susceptible to Poynting–Robertson drag and the Yarkovsky effect, and even out to 0.09 AU vulcanoids would have temperatures of 1,000 K or more, which is hot enough for evaporation of rocks to become the limiting factor in their lifetime.
The plot follows two drag queens played by Hugo Weaving and Guy Pearce and a transgender woman, played by Terence Stamp, as they journey across the Australian Outback from Sydney to Alice Springs in a tour bus that they have named "Priscilla", along the way encountering various groups and individuals.
Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam's, which, in the original plan, is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia.
The Imperial Hotel has hosted drag shows since 1983, and continues to be an icon for Sydney's LGBT community, with its restaurant renamed 'Priscillas' in honour of the film.
Kenneth Turan from the Los Angeles Times wrote "The comic pizazz and bawdy dazzle of this film’s vision of gaudy drag performers trekking across the Australian outback certainly has a boisterous, addictive way about it."
The bus was accompanied by several stiletto heel tricycle floats and drag queens in big wigs in tribute to the film's international success and the local Sydney gay community.
The film itself featured four main songs, which were performed by two or more of the drag queens as a part of their show within the film; "I've Never Been to Me" by Charlene, "I Will Survive" by Gloria Gaynor, "Finally" by CeCe Peniston, and "Mamma Mia" by ABBA.
Initial model basin testing for various stem configurations suggested that the skeg arrangement could reduce resistance, although later testing during the design process of the  battleship would indicate an increase in drag.
The UK version of the Adventureland Red Band trailer (the version shown in cinemas) which showed before Funny People and Drag Me to Hell when it was out in UK cinemas had the profanities bleeped out in order to have a 15 certificate.
Also, the design called for the use of external, rather than internal, belt armor so that a "break in the continuity of the side structure" would not exist, which would minimize drag in the water and any corresponding waste of power.
The women storm the hotel and drag out Malèna, ripping off her clothes, beating her and cutting off her hair.
On 5 November 1918, Glorious was anchored off Burntisland in the Firth of Forth together with the seaplane tender  and the battleship  when a sudden Force 10 squall caused Campania to drag her anchor and collide first with Royal Oak and then with Glorious.
A sudden Force 10 squall caused Campania to drag her anchor, collide with Royal Oak and then with Glorious.
A drag chain or pull chain is a chain shift in which the phoneme at the "leading" edge of the chain changes first.
NHRA Division 7 drag racing venues
There are usually no restrictions on swimwear, however baggy style trunks or shorts are not recommended as they reduce speed and increase drag in the water.
The diver tends to lean forward against the drag of the water when walking on the bottom, and could often not see where he was putting his feet, so the toes are capped, usually with brass.
Yale being an all-male school at that time, he often portrayed female characters on stage in drag, such as Mabel Chilters in Oscar Wilde's An Ideal Husband.
The ablating material imparts a small thrust that lowers its orbital perigee into the upper atmosphere, thereby increasing drag so that its remaining orbital life is short.
Since 2015, Kressley has been a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race.
The free-swimming diver may need to trim erect or inverted at times, but in general, a horizontal trim has advantages both for reduction of drag when swimming horizontally, and for observing the bottom.
The group is suddenly attacked by creatures who kill Duke and drag Sarge and Pinky away.
An approach to lessen this limit is the addition of drag rings to the rocket nose.
The ring is worn on the little finger so that it will drag across any surface on which the wearer writes, providing a constant reminder of the engineer's oath.
 Competition Eliminator, a drag racing class commonly called Comp or Comp Eliminator
Two  wingroot inserts added fuel capacity, reduced interference drag and made the cabin quieter by moving the engines farther outboard; all DC-7Cs had the nacelle fuel tanks previously seen on Pan American's and South African's DC-7Bs.
The result was a significant lowering of the drag in this area and a significant improvement of the wing's efficiency.
This is generally only a concern at low speeds; at higher speeds the effect does not have time to build to its full potential and other forms of drag dominate.
This form of maglev can cause the levitated object to be subject to a drag induced oscillation, and this oscillation always occurs at a sufficiently high speed.
The low rotation speed and flat feathering of the rotor means that it causes little drag, and the company claims that the aircraft would be potentially able to leverage the advantages of fixed wings as well as gyrocopters, giving almost all the capabilities of helicopters (except hovering) but with a relatively simple mechanical system.
Unlike conventional drop tanks, CFTs cannot be jettisoned, thus increased range is a trade-off for increased drag and weight compared to a "clean" configuration.
The Llaneros show their skills in coleo competitions, similar to rodeos, where they compete to drag cattle to the ground.
Several technology research and development efforts exist to integrate the functions of aircraft flight control systems such as ailerons, elevators, elevons and flaps into wings to perform the aerodynamic purpose with the advantages of less: mass, cost, drag, inertia (for faster, stronger control response), complexity (mechanically simpler, fewer moving parts or surfaces, less maintenance), and radar cross section for stealth.
They usually have an adjustable drag facility to prevent overrun, and a lock, but may not have a ratchet.
*The "Low Drag Coupé" was a one-off technical exercise which was ultimately sold to a Jaguar racing driver.
Peter Lindner, the Jaguar distributor in Germany, had his Lightweight modified by competition department to include the low drag roof and rear panels as part of an effort to win the GT class at Le Mans.
One lightweight was modified by Jaguar competition department into a low drag coupé (the Lindner/Nöcker car).
When Reinertson broke her ankle three weeks into the run, Borgeson suggested that school chum Adam Long fill in for her in drag.
Western trade interests could drag the country into an inevitable war with Spain for the Mississippi River.
Devil Woman Doctor tells the story of a female doctor played by Japanese drag actor Peter.
In a separate application, hydraulic fracturing benefits from drag reduction resulting from injection of these solutions.
The year 1970 introduced "the Snake and the Mongoose", a manufactured 'rivalry' between two professional drag racers calling themselves "the Snake" and "the Mongoose" for the purposes of publicity.
These three cars featured "supercharged" engines (featuring large Roots blowers) without hoods, and open exhaust headers, after the style of drag racing cars of the era.
The drag set remained the same.
A rear spoiler reduced drag coefficient to increase the Metro's already good fuel economy, and the hydraulic clutch (often berated as the cause of the Metro's particularly harsh gearchange) was replaced by a cable-operated mechanism.
A carvel boat has a smoother surface which gives the impression that it is more hydrodynamically efficient since the exposed edges of the clinker planking appear to disturb the streamline and cause drag.
 An article exploring Beijing's gay and transgender nightlife, and mentioning Chen Lili, in The Standard: Never a drag
Thus, the Bona Drag project was born.
Bona Drag launched Morrissey's career in the US, and in many ways it marked the turning point after which he became less popular in the UK but achieved increasing success in America.
He might have thought that legal action would drag up matters he hoped were forgotten or at least buried.
Other names used to describe these establishments include boy bar, girl bar, gay club, gay pub, queer bar, lesbian bar, drag bar, and dyke bar, depending on the niche communities that they served.
Because of a raid on a Mexico City drag ball in 1901, when 41 men were arrested, the number 41 has come to symbolize male homosexuality in Mexican popular culture, figuring frequently in jokes and in casual teasing.
These bars often forge a like-minded community in dozens of cities with leather gay bars, line-dancing gay bars, and drag revues.
Among them were the C-140 Jetstar Laminar Flow Control, F-111 Mission Adaptive Wing, F-14 Variable Sweep Flow Transition, Space Shuttle orbiter drag chute and F-111 crew module parachute tests with the B-52, and X-29 vortex flow control.
The weight may drag along the seabed especially if the divers pull on the line as they descend.
Simon is shot, and River dives through the doors to throw back Simon's medical kit and close the doors before the Reavers drag her away.
Nicki Minaj Released a single called “Chun-Li”, British band Arctic Monkeys released an instrumental titled "Chun Li Flying Bird Kick" as a B-side on their 2005 single I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor, while American drag queen Alaska 5000's 2016 song "The T" (2016) has the lyrics mentioning Chun-Li.
 Underwater hull cleaning to remove fouling organisms which increase drag, and therefore reduce top speed and increase fuel consumption.
The look and feel of version 2 mimics Mozilla Thunderbird and provides browser drag and drop capabilities for contacts, events and mail messages.
Countersunk or flush rivets are used extensively on the exterior of aircraft for aerodynamic reasons such as reduced drag and turbulence.
At very low flow settings, the viscosity of the water becomes important and the pressure drop (and hissing noise) vanish; at full flow settings, parasitic drag in the pipes becomes important and the water again becomes silent.
Compared to the Gulfstream V, drag reduction details boost range by  and increase fuel efficiency.
This was blamed on the drag caused by large honeycomb radiators, which were changed to tube radiators mounted on either side of the engine nacelles.
Lamia is the main antagonist in the 2009 horror movie Drag Me to Hell voiced by Art Kimbro.
Compared to the Gulfstream III, a decision to redesign the wing structure for weight reduction presented an opportunity for an aerodynamic redesign of the wing to reduce cruise drag and increase range.
Paul James O'Grady MBE (born 14 June 1955) is an English comedian, broadcaster, actor, writer and former drag queen.
Here  he developed his drag act in 1978, basing the character of Lily Savage upon traits found amongst female relatives.
In London, he began associating with drag queens, particularly a couple who used the stage name of the Harlequeens.
With one of them, nicknamed "Hush", he founded a two-man drag mime act, the Playgirls, although found little work in London.
At the end of the year, he appeared as an Ugly Sister in a drag pantomime of Cinderella.
As Lily, he compered "Ladies Night" each Tuesday, where amateur drag acts would perform.
Tired of appearing as Lily, O'Grady decided to try to make a career for himself out of drag.
Both lift and drag propel the boat forward when moving with the wind.
The first pre-production aircraft with VK-1 engines flew on 8 August 1949, and featured reshaped engine nacelles to reduce drag, while the radome for the navigation radar was moved from the rear fuselage to just aft of the nosewheel.
Most (50–60%) of the drag on an artillery shell comes from the nose of the shell, as it pushes the air out of its way at supersonic speeds.
However, another powerful source of drag is the low-pressure area left behind the shell due to its blunt base.
The gas generator provides little to no thrust, but fills the vacuum in the area behind the shell with an inflow of gas, dramatically reducing the drag.
In late 2012, James became engaged to professional drag racer Alexis DeJoria.
He grabs her from behind and, after she attempts escape and cries out for help, proceeds to drag her to the stairway of her building, where he violently rapes her.
STS-49 logged 213 hours in space and 141 Earth orbits before landing at Edwards AFB, where the crew conducted the first test of the Endeavour's drag chute.
This can be done by applying a force to compensate for air drag.
The sensation of weightlessness is achieved by reducing thrust and lowering the nose to maintain a neutral, or "zero lift", configuration such that the aircraft follows a ballistic trajectory, with engine thrust exactly compensating for drag.
As Papa Joe leaves his house, Smecker arrives in drag and shoots and kills two of the capos before being knocked unconscious by Il Duce, who has snuck into the Yakavetta house and fatally slashed the throat of the fourth and final capo.
General procedures could drag on for years and the decisions are precedent-setting.
Drag racing was removed from the series, but a new type of race called "Canyon Duel" was added, where the closer the player is to the leader, the more points they accrue.
The weight and drag of the floats reduced the maximum speed to .
The fuselage was 8 ft (2.4 m) longer and area ruled to reduce transonic drag, being thinner in the region of the wing roots.
the left side, for a right-handed user) is concave to reduce drag and adhesion so the food separates more cleanly (this concave feature is known as ).
For atmospheric or launcher use, high pressure, and thus high power, engine cycles are desirable to minimize gravity drag.
The No-Vac design and build actually began in 1933, when Malrose conceptualized an airfoil hull surface design which proved to produce far less drag than conventional "V" style boat hull designs of the time.
The Sea Dart proved incapable of supersonic speed in level flight with the J34 engines; not helping was its pre-area rule shape, which meant higher transonic drag.
The train was developed on the basis of the transferred TGV technology, but more advanced technology was used for the new motors, power electronics and additional brake systems, while the passenger cars were made of aluminum to save weight, and the nose was a new design with reduced aerodynamic drag.
The additional weight of the turret and the second crewman plus the aerodynamic drag gave the Defiant a lower performance than conventional single-seat fighter aircraft.
It featured an internal bomb bay that reduced drag when carrying heavy ordnance.
They asked which of three options they should follow: do nothing; drag some dissidents into the bureau to physically assault them; or shoot some of the demonstrators.
Sabrina “Brini” Maxwell is the drag persona of Ben Sander, described as the "prototypical, pre-feminist, 1960s homemaker."
He made his drag racing competition debut on March 10 at the 42nd annual Tire Kingdom Gatornationals in Gainesville.
To reduce drag, the floats could be retracted during flight.
During this period Warhol developed an increasing fascination with trans women and drag queens, and promoted Candy Darling, Holly Woodlawn and Jackie Curtis to superstar status.
A long narrow centreboard produces less drag than a short, wide one for a given amount of lift, resulting in a faster boat that can point closer into the wind.
Indeed, the car's name of CX is to refer to French term for drag coefficient, or coefficient ('C') along the X-axis ('x', being the longitudinal).
Due to the drag that molecules exert on one another, the cup will be emptied.
A wingsuit modifies the body area exposed to wind to increase the desired amount of lift and drag generated by the body.
Having a smooth leading edge is especially important as it is the source of most lift and most drag.
Bill Murray as John "Bunny" Breckinridge: Ed's drag queen friend who helps him with Plan 9 from Outer Space.
This build is common in other large aquatic animals, such as whales, tuna, and other sharks, in order to reduce drag while swimming.
Zach calls Paul San Marco, who has been reluctant to share his past, onstage for a private talk, and he emotionally relives his childhood and teenage years, his early career in a drag act, facing his manhood and his homosexuality, and his parents ultimately discovering his lifestyle and disowning him for it, before breaking down, with Zach comforting him.
60-70% of the filtered sodium load is reabsorbed in the proximal tubule through active transport, solvent drag,  and paracellular electrodiffusion.
Water levels often drop off by mid-summer, making it necessary to drag watercraft over shallow riffles.
He was a truant student and the mullah (teacher) often had to seek him out in the streets, drag him to school, and punish him.
Due to the aircraft's center of gravity being altered by the design modifications, the engine was brought forwards slightly to compensate; while a more heavy-duty cooling system was also installed to aid the engine in coping with the greater power output needed to offset the elevated drag that was induced while towing.
Fuel efficiency is further improved by 6% by utilizing a new front air dam and rear spoiler, along with revised underbody panels, reducing the drag coefficient from 0.30 to 0.28; replacing traditional power steering with electrical power result as reduction in parasitic losses and special lower rolling resistance tires.
The approach that he selected was to build the smallest possible aircraft around the intended powerplant, thereby minimizing weight and drag — the philosophy of the light fighter.
All of these were constructed of aluminum alloy, which was corrugated for added stiffness, although the resulting drag reduced its overall performance.
Long Wharf Drive has attracted drag racers from all over the state.
Furthermore, as maximum RPM increases, higher spring force is required to prevent valve float, leading to larger springs (with increased spring mass, and thus greater inertia), cam drag , and higher wear on the parts at all speeds, problems addressed by the desmodromic mechanism.
The Rhea Sisters—Three male drag queens who Brandy describes as being family.
The redesigned body had a coefficient of drag of 0.28.
In a signature performance, he would appear on stage in outlandish drag or other costume, looking huge.
A  engine was offered to drag racers.
The dynamics may also be described by introducing an effective drag force.
When suspensions of particles are "spun" in a centrifuge, a "pellet" may form at the bottom of the vessel that is enriched for the most massive particles with low drag in the liquid.
The Williams FW07D and FW08B, and the March 2-4-0, had tandem rear wheels, which reduced drag by using the smaller front wheels and tyres in place of the typical larger rear wheels.
 Energy cascade, a process important in turbulent flow and drag by which kinetic energy is converted into heat
An alternative flap arrangement, that was noticeably more efficient and produced less drag while increasing lift coefficient, was experimented with during the later years of the prototype's flying career; it directly influenced the design of several subsequent aircraft.
For example, drag racing automatic transmissions often use converters modified to produce high stall speeds to improve off-the-line torque, and to get into the power band of the engine more quickly.
However, it is impossible to design an aerodynamic small car with a vertical A-pillar because the more vertical the A-pillar is, the less space the door opening has, and the greater frontal area and coefficient of drag the vehicle will have.
These include safety, as narrower pillars cannot be made strong as easily as thicker pillars, and size restraints pertaining to aerodynamics, as taller, more vertical windshields create additional drag and reduce fuel efficiency.
These were of welded tank construction and included side sheets extending from the rear of the tender, which had the effect of reducing drag from eddies between the tender and the leading coach.
A lifelong opera fan, he also portrayed the role of L'Opinion Publique in drag for the Los Angeles Opera's production of Offenbach's Orpheus in the Underworld.
The YF-23 was an unconventional-looking aircraft, with diamond-shaped wings, a profile with substantial area-ruling to reduce aerodynamic drag at transonic and supersonic speeds, and an all-moving V-tail.
Motorcycle drag racing, a standing-start sprint contest between two participants
She remained able to steam at 25 knots despite the increased drag.
At age 7, Davis saw Mozart's The Magic Flute on a school trip to the opera, and credits this experience as a catalyst for her development as a drag queen.
After the performances Tenderloin released the music video for "The Golden One" that featured drag queen the Goddess Bunny and was directed by Glen Meadmore.
Davis has several drag personas, including Princess Sellica the Sensual Psychic, R&B legend Lestar Vartan and Lieutenant Vaginal Davis of the Sexualese Liberation Front.
I had no idea you could be punk and a drag queen and ultra intense and insane and hot and brilliant all at the same time."
The wedge-shaped design gave the Bulldog a drag coefficient of 0.34.
To ensure adequate endurance this tank was large, adding drag that reduced performance, particularly in the climb.
The term "gun slinger" was used in the Western film Drag Harlan (1920).
Drag dissipates kinetic energy, turning it into heat.
For example, Albert Einstein noted in his 1905 paper on Brownian motion that the same random forces that cause the erratic motion of a particle in Brownian motion would also cause drag if the particle were pulled through the fluid.
Private Eye magazine in the 1970s regularly made the comment that he and the Queen Mother had "never been seen in the same room together", referring to the fact that they were about the same age and height and suggesting that the Queen Mother was Askey in drag.
The wind increased until gusts above 75 knots whipped up the sea in the sheltered bay and caused her anchor to drag.
Aerodynamic work gave the B5 Passat a coefficient of drag of 0.27 (saloon model).
He then became an amateur drag racer and sports car racer.
Each different combination of energized windings produces a different torque from the motor, which yields a different equilibrium speed in balance against the drag (resistance to rotation) of the blade assembly in contact with the material inside the food container.
It was suggested afterwards that if Fignon had cut off his ponytail, the reduction in drag might have been sufficient for him to have won the Tour.
Abbott was criticised over his handling of the entitlements scandal as he allowed the controversy to drag on for weeks because of his refusal to sack the Speaker, a close friend and political mentor.
OARE data also supported advances in orbital drag prediction technology by increasing the understanding of the fundamental flow phenomena in the upper atmosphere.
There was some concern that the drag chute could deploy prematurely prior to touchdown, and the decision was made not to use the chute during landing rollout.
Street went on to co-write and produce two further singles for Morrissey which appeared on Bona Drag before the singer ended their association, apparently due to disputes regarding royalty payments and alleged conversations between Street and Johnny Rogan, author of controversial Morrissey texts.
At a set speed, the spoiler/brake automatically raises to 10 degrees (15 degrees in the 722 edition), when demanded via the driver's switch, the elevation can be increased to 30 degrees (35 degrees in the 722 edition) for increased rear downforce, at the cost of increased steady state drag.
The coefficient of drag had been reduced to .
During filming one of the obstacle courses scenes, Reitman told the actors to grab Oates and drag him into the mud without telling the veteran actor about it to see what would happen and get a genuine reaction.
At even slightly lower speeds than maximum, the total drag on the vehicle is considerably less, and the engine needs to deliver this greatly reduced amount of power.
The ventral turret was hydraulically-powered but proved to be hard to operate and added considerable drag, thus the Whitley Mk III was the only variant to feature this ventral turret arrangement.
The Bora was designed by Giorgetto Giugiaro at Italdesign and has a drag coefficient of 0.30.
The engine nacelles were redesigned with smaller cross-sections with less drag.
In 1999, Hoffman starred opposite Robert De Niro as drag queen Rusty Zimmerman in Joel Schumacher's drama Flawless.
His RB7 car equipped with the kinetic energy recovery system (KERS) and drag reduction system devices and an exhaust-blown diffuser produced lots of rear grip.
Northrop advocated a "flying wing" as a means of reducing parasitic drag and eliminating structural weight not directly responsible for producing lift.
By applying input to both rudder pedals, both sets of surfaces were deployed creating drag so that the airspeed or the glide angle could be manipulated.
Surface swimming and foraging are major factors in their high energy expenditure due to drag on the surface of the water when swimming and the thermal heat loss from the body during deep dives when foraging.
The gondola was  long and  wide; its streamlined design reflected contemporary aesthetics, minimised overall height, and reduced drag.
Episode 100, "Who Won" guest-starred Dick Clark of American Bandstand and Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve fame as Benson, the drag strip owner.
Turboprops have an optimum speed below about , because propellers lose efficiency at high speed, due to an effect known as wave drag that occurs just below supersonic speeds.
Adding blades makes the propeller harder to balance and maintain, and the additional blades cause minor performance penalties due to drag and efficiency issues.
A method of decreasing wave drag was discovered by German researchers in 1935—sweeping the wing backwards.
The aim was to create the thinnest and most slender shape possible in order to achieve low drag at supersonic speeds.
The significance of equivalent airspeed is that, at Mach numbers below the onset of wave drag, all of the aerodynamic forces and moments on an aircraft are proportional to the square of the equivalent airspeed.
Jett Racing entered a 3rd generation Eclipse for drag racing competition.
When they walk on land, their tails drag on the ground, which makes their tracks easy to recognize.
In the area around the Kumano River in Yoshino District, Nara Prefecture, the "Oshiroi baa-san" or "oshiroi babaa" is also thought to be a type of Yuki-onna, and they are said to drag along mirrors, making clinking sounds while doing so.
Possible capture processes include gas drag in the protoplanetary disk and many-body interactions and capture during the fast growth of Uranus's mass (so-called pull-down).
This is because it creates a very large frontal section that dramatically increases aerodynamic drag.
When Cobb arrives, the women roughly throw him off his horse and gleefully drag him to their shack.
The categories include inboard, inboard endurance, professional outboard, stock outboard, unlimited outboard performance craft, drag, modified outboard, and offshore.
Each generation of moons might have spiraled into Jupiter, because of drag from the disk, with new moons then forming from the new debris captured from the solar nebula.
To contain and attach the engines to the airframe, Handley Page developed their own design for the power egg instead of using the typical, slimmer Rolls-Royce counterpart; despite generating increased drag, this in-house design was readily adaptable to the alternative Hercules engine on later aircraft.
The cutter head uses a combination of tungsten carbide cutting bits, carbide disc cutters, drag picks and/or hard rock disc cutters.
This kept airflow in the direction of the missile body, and thus the engine intakes, as well as greatly reducing the drag caused by the tilting of the fuselage across the relative wind.
In addition to 4 days of dancing to top callers, other highlights of the conventions include "The Honky Tonk Queen Contest"— a ribald country-western drag queen contest and show, the "Fun Badge Tour""— a bus tour of the hosting town with stops to square dance at the most unexpected places, and the convention banquet.
Following technical issues with the new Cobham-designed High Speed-Variable Drag Drogue when refuelling the Tornado the drogues on the wing tip pods were replaced in early 2012 with standard Sargent Fletcher drogues, delaying the Release To Service clearance required to conduct Air to Air Refuelling (AAR) operations.
Other villages drag a huge wooden car or Noburi Kuruma laden with white stones to the Uji bridge at the entrance of the grounds of the Naiku.
This configuration was designed to reduce weight, drag and radar cross section, and increase range, maneuverability and survivability.
The design of the flame holder is an issue of balance between a stable eddy and drag.
The Laser was sleek, low-slung, and aerodynamic, with a drag coefficient of 0.35.
The next film she starred in, which she also wrote, and in which she also sang and danced, was Connie and Carla, released in 2004; this became a cult-hit musical, and is about two women pretending to be drag queens.
OpenMPT makes use of features common to Microsoft Windows programs, such as context menus for effect selection, "tree" views (for files, samples, and patterns), drag and drop functionality throughout, and the native look and feel of the Windows platform.
Floats inevitably impose extra drag and weight, rendering floatplanes slower and less manoeuvrable during flight, with a slower rate of climb, relative to aircraft equipped with wheeled landing gear.
The purpose of this arrangement was to allow the engines to be kept close together thereby minimizing asymmetrical thrust in the event of an engine failure, although Ursinus later also claimed that this design balanced out the lowering of the centre of pressure as speed increased, and minimised the drag on the upper wing caused by turbulence from the fuselage.
Drag, or the air resistance, decelerates the projectile with a force proportional to the square of the velocity.
Knowledge of projectile drop however is useful when conducting a direct comparison of two different projectiles regarding the shape of their trajectories, comparing the effects of variables such as velocity and drag behavior.
Projectiles are described by a ballistic coefficient, or BC, which combines the air resistance of the bullet shape (the drag coefficient) and its sectional density (a function of mass and bullet diameter).
They assume one invariable drag function as indicated by the published BC.
The reason for publishing data like in this brochure is that the Siacci/Mayevski G1 model can not be tuned for the drag behavior of a specific projectile whose shape significantly deviates from the used reference projectile shape.
More advanced drag models
In order to allow the use of a G1 ballistic coefficient rather than velocity data Dr. Pejsa provided two reference drag curves.
The second reference drag curve is adjusted to equal the Siacci/Mayevski retardation rate function at a projectile velocity of 2600 fps (792.5 m/s) using a .30-06 Springfield Cartridge, Ball, Caliber .30 M2  rifle spitzer bullet with a slope or deceleration constant factor of 0.5 in the supersonic flight regime.
These deceleration constant factors can be verified by backing out Pejsa's formulas (the drag curve segments fits the form V(2 - N) / C and the retardation coefficient curve segments fits the form V2 / (V(2 - N) / C) = C * VN where C is a fitting coefficient).
To obtain relevant retardation coefficients for optimal long range modeling Dr. Pejsa suggested using accurate projectile specific down range velocity measurement data for a particular projectile to empirically derive the average retardation coefficient rather than using a reference drag curve derived average retardation coefficient.
The Manges drag law thereby provides a unifying influence with respect to earlier models used to obtain two dimensional closed form solutions to the point-mass equations of motion.
A Microsoft Excel application has been authored that uses least squares fits of wind tunnel acquired tabular drag coefficients.
For the precise establishment of drag or air resistance effects on projectiles, Doppler radar measurements are required.
With the help of Doppler radar measurements projectile specific drag models can be established that are most useful when shooting at extended ranges where the bullet speed slows to the transonic speed region near the speed of sound.
Analytical software was developed by the Ballistics Research Laboratory – later called the Army Research Laboratory – which reduced actual test range data to parametric relationships for projectile drag coefficient prediction.
Rocket-assisted projectiles employ a small rocket motor that ignites upon muzzle exit providing additional thrust to overcome aerodynamic drag.
Authorities and projectile manufacturers are generally reluctant to share the results of Doppler radar tests and the test derived drag coefficients (Cd) of projectiles with the general public.
In January 2009 the Scandinavian ammunition manufacturer Nammo/Lapua published Doppler radar test-derived drag coefficient data for most of their rifle projectiles.
When used by predictive software like QuickTARGET Unlimited, Lapua Edition, Lapua Ballistics or Hornady 4DOF the Doppler radar test-derived drag coefficient data can be used for more accurate external ballistic predictions.
What causes wind drift is drag.
So, (again from your perspective), the drag is pushing the projectile downwind in a nose to tail direction.
A tailwind will reduce the drag and the projectile/bullet drop.
 ballistic coefficient or test derived drag coefficients (Cd)/behavior of the bullets used
- Siacci/Mayevski G1 drag model.
Quick Target Unlimited, Lapua Edition - A version of QuickTARGET Unlimited ballistic software (requires free registration to download) - Supports the G1, G2, G5, G6, G7, G8, GL, GS Spherical 9/16"SAAMI, GS Spherical Don Miller, RA4, Soviet 1943, British 1909 Hatches Notebook and for some Lapua projectiles doppler radar-test derived (Cd) drag models.
BfX - Ballistics for Excel Set of MS Excel add-ins functions - Supports the G1, G2, G5, G6, G7 G8 and RA4 and Pejsa drag models as well as one for air rifle pellets.
Trajectory Calculator in C++ that can deduce drag function from firing tables
In fluid dynamics, the capillary number (Ca) is a dimensionless quantity representing the relative effect of viscous drag forces versus surface tension forces acting across an interface between a liquid and a gas, or between two immiscible liquids.
Upon muzzle exit, the sabot is discarded, and the smaller flight projectile flies to the target with less drag resistance than a full-bore projectile.
Although the use of cup sabots of various complexity are popular with rifle ammunition hand-loaders, in order to achieve significantly higher muzzle velocity with a lower drag, smaller diameter and lighter bullet, successful saboted projectile design has to include the resulting bullet stability characteristics.
The sesquiplane configuration was adopted by Delage as a compromise between the low drag of a monoplane and the greater strength of a biplane.
The Blackburn B.20 was a radical design that offered much better performance, by reducing the drag associated with a flying boat hull and so a prototype was ordered to test the concept.
In replacing the standard biplane observation aircraft with a more modern monoplane design, Beisel incorporated innovations making it the first production type to be assembled with spot welding, a process Vought and the Naval Aircraft Factory jointly developed to create a smooth fuselage that resisted buckling and generated less drag.
Trolling motors are often lifted from the water to reduce drag when the boat's primary engine is in operation.
When conducting his music, he tended to set fairly brisk tempi, and disliked it when other conductors took his works at slower speeds that, to his mind, made them drag.
In 2010, writer-performer Greg Scarnici released a book titled Sex in Drag, which featured over 70 images parodying photos in Sex.
In terms of thrust vs drag asymmetry, the countering of induced yaw was a more complicated matter.
In addition to protection, radomes also streamline the antenna system, thus reducing drag.
However, in current-day British pantomime, the pantomime dame is a traditional role played by a man in drag, while the principal boy, such as Prince Charming or Dick Whittington, is played by a girl or young woman.
This evolution changed drag in the last decades of the 20th century.
Drag shows were popular night club entertainment in New York in the 20s, then were forced underground, until the "Jewel Box Revue" played Harlem's Apollo Theater in the 1950s: "49 men and a girl".
Romantic opera continued the convention: there are trouser roles for women in drag in Rossini's Semiramide (Arsace), Donizetti's Rosamonda d'Inghilterra and Anna Bolena, Berlioz's Benvenuto Cellini, and even a page in Verdi's Don Carlo.
Dame Edna represents an anomalous example of the drag concept.
The show has gained mainstream and global appeal, and it has exposed multiple generations of audiences to drag culture.
By the 1880s, he was organizing and hosting drag balls in Washington, D.C.
The Progressive Era brought a decline in vaudeville entertainment, but drag culture began to grow in nightclubs and bars, such as Finnochio's Club and Black Cat Bar in San Francisco.
While drag was often used as a last-resort tactic in situational farce (its only permissible format at the time), some films provided a more empathetic lens than others.
In the 1960s, Andy Warhol and his Factory scene included superstar drag queens, such as Candy Darling and Holly Woodlawn, both immortalized in the Lou Reed song "Walk on the Wild Side".
A San Francisco drag troupe, The Cockettes (1970–72), performed with glitter eyeshadow and gilded mustaches and beards.
For many decades, American network television, only the broadest slapstick drag tradition was generally represented.
Gilligan's Island occasionally features men dressing in women's clothes, though this was not considered drag since it was not for a performance.
In the United Kingdom, drag has been more common in comedy, on both film and television.
The League of Gentlemen are also credited with the first ever portrayal of "nude drag," where a man playing a female character is shown naked but still with the appropriate female anatomy, like fake breasts and a merkin.
La Rue's act was essentially a music hall one, following on from a much older, and less sexualised tradition of drag.
In the film version Reg Varney plays a holiday camp comedian and drag artist whose marriage is failing.
The 1977 film Outrageous!, starring Canadian drag queen Craig Russell as a fictionalized version of himself, was an important milestone in Canadian film, as one of the first gay-themed films ever to receive widespread theatrical distribution in North America.
The use of drag in CODCO also transitioned to a lesser extent into the new series This Hour Has 22 Minutes in the 1990s; although cross-gender performance is not as central to 22 Minutes as it was in CODCO, Cathy Jones and Mary Walsh, the two cast members common to both series, both continued to play selected male characters.
OutTV, a Canadian television channel devoted to LGBTQ programming, has aired the documentary series Drag Heals and the reality competition series Call Me Mother.
In the glam rock era many male performers (such as David Bowie and The New York Dolls) donned partial or full drag.
List of drag queens
 Are a Drag (1999)
Subsequently, drag coefficient has become both a marketing tool and a means of improving the sale-ability of a car by reducing its fuel consumption, slightly, and increasing its top speed, markedly.
Around this time,t TsAGI independently discovered the area rule for minimizing transonic aerodynamic drag, and this design was applied to 105.
When the hyena is cornered at the end of its lair, the hunter murmurs the magic formula "turn into dust, turn into stone," which causes the animal to enter a hypnotic state of total submission, by which point the hunter can slip a noose over its forelegs and, finally, drag it out of the cave.
He opened each program with "Greetings to my old friend, Harry in Iowa", and delivered his propaganda messages in the form of advice, such as, "Don't let the British drag America into this thing [the war in Europe], Harry."
 CSR Racing, a 2012 drag racing game for mobile platforms
According to Acura the exterior is more aerodynamic reducing drag by 16% with the new model lapping Nürburgring 8 seconds faster than its predecessor.
In 1993, during the opening of the Oscars, a spoof of that Oscar highlight featured Palance appearing to drag in an enormous Academy Award statuette with Crystal again hosting, riding on the rear end of it.
However, the profile did display lower drag than expected and the initial PZL.37A version possessed a maximal speed 10 per cent higher than the originally planned 360 km/h.
During descent, heat dissipation and deceleration were accomplished sequentially by protective hemispheric shells, three parachutes, a disc-shaped drag brake, and a compressible, metal, doughnut-shaped landing cushion.
The sheriff begins the auction, but the sharecroppers refuse to listen and drag him and Collins off to meet Woody ("This Time of Year").
She kills Spike, Wesley, Lorne, and Angel in confusion, but another time jump sees her drag Angel with her, who sees she will soon detonate, causing enough destruction to wipe out the continent.
A few days later, early in the morning, the police arrived to arrest patrons in drag.
While unconventional, flight testing found that the approach induced significant aerodynamic drag, cancelling out much of the gains in engine efficiency and reducing the aircraft's top speed to only .
Though not a huge success internationally, they are remembered for the music video for "Do It with Madonna", which featured drag queens dressed as Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Pink, Kylie Minogue and Madonna, the song's namesake.
The Pinarello Bolide was released on 2 May 2013 with gains of a 15% reduction in aerodynamic drag and 5% reduction in weight over the Graal.
The Me 262's pre-area rule fuselage would have additionally resulted in very high transonic drag, and its engines were already underpowered and temperamental to begin with.
They sing a musical ever-tuneful song to the crews of the ships that sail near them, so that they fall into the stupor of sleep in listening to them ; they afterwards drag the crews of the ships towards them when they find them thus asleep, and so devour them...
The new body was wider and longer with 20 percent more glass area, more interior space, and a lower drag coefficient (0.35), as well as  at  in the economy models.
For instance, in drag racing, the automatic transmission allows the car to stop with the engine at a high rpm (the "stall speed") to allow for a very quick launch when the brakes are released.
A Co-Flow Jet (CFJ) wing has an upper surface with an injection slot after the leading edge and a suction slot before the trailing edge, to augment lift, increase the stall margin and reduce drag.
 Motorsports Competition (Asphalt, dirt track, drag racing etc.)
Monterey Boulevard, a major thoroughfare which travels from west to east through the centre of the suburb used to be a well-known illegal street drag racing location until traffic chicanes were installed in 1993.
The turbojet's air intakes were moved from the wing roots to the fuselage in front of the wing; they were covered by electrically powered doors to lessen drag when the aircraft was flying only on its piston engine.
Shane Gilberto Jenek (born 18 February 1982), better known under the stage name Courtney Act, is an Australian drag queen, singer and television personality.
Courtney began performing in drag girl-group, The AAA Girls, released several singles and embarked on the North American, Access All Areas Tour (2015).
During the episode, the drag queens had to impersonate a celebrity.
She worked for the campaign Support Artists, Support Ethical Manufacturing from the fashion brand, featuring three limited edition exclusive T-shirts that honour each drag queen's talents and allure.
In 2006, DVD Talk John Sinnott, despite noting that "there are a few parts that drag just a bit", commended the script for allowing the characters to develop and holding tension unlike the previous serial.
It is then hard to find a good setup since cars can have massive aerodynamic drag and understeer on one part of the circuit in the morning, but suffer oversteer at the same part of the circuit in the afternoon.
This causes dust that is small enough to be affected by this drag, but too large to be blown away from the star by radiation pressure, to spiral slowly into the star.
The Poynting–Robertson drag can be understood as an effective force opposite the direction of the dust grain's orbital motion, leading to a drop in the grain's angular momentum.
From Block III on, the typical lifetime of the satellites increased to about 15 years, possibly related to a higher lift-off mass, which facilitates larger fuel reserves for countering atmospheric drag.
Lawrence appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race in the "All-Stars" season as Mama in the skit "RuPaul’s Gaff-In."
The MC12 is slower in acceleration (0–100 km/h or 0–62 mph being achieved in 3.8 seconds), has a lower top speed of 330 km/h (205 mph) due to engine tuning and less drag coefficient (due to a sharper nose and smoother curves) than the Enzo Ferrari.
The tricycle landing gear is retractable, but it remains partially exposed in the retracted position, affording both a useful level of drag in down manoeuvres and a measure of protection should the aircraft be forced to land "wheels up."
However, the perigee needs to be high enough to keep the satellite substantially above the atmosphere to minimize drag (~600km), and the orbital period needs to be kept to approximately half a sidereal day (as above).
From the longboat, the crew watches the Kraken drag the Pearl and Sparrow to Davy Jones' Locker.
A higher volumetric flow rate through a given area increases flow speed and drag force, so the float will be pushed upwards.
Since 2011, it also hosts the races of WTCC and WTCR as FIA WTCC Race of Hungary, a public drag race event takes place every month.
Children in school: "Don't drag your fingernails on the chalkboard, Niles," a teacher with shattered glasses and standing-up hair says.
Like I couldn't quite pull off being in drag convincingly enough.
One day, Max sees Loretta, who tells him "Doing nothing's a drag, kid", so Max writes all of the adventures he and Freak had, in honor of his best friend.
MacNicol wore drag as the nanny for closeups and a puppet was used for wide shots.
The third generation Audi 100 launched in September 1982 with aerodynamic styling, contrasting the boxy styling of its predecessor, and offering a much improved drag coefficient, 0.30 on base model.
It has a drag coefficient of 0.28, and is powered by 1.0-liter 3-cylinder gasoline turbocharged engine with 110 hp, 1.5-litre  with 150 hp, 2.0-liter TDI with 116 hp or 150 hp.
The Audi A2 1.2 TDI had the lowest drag coefficient of any car in the world at the time of its launch.
Pilot and gunner sat close together in two tandem cockpits, with the gunner armed with a Lewis gun on a specially designed high-speed gun mounting that allowed the gun to be stowed to reduce drag, with the pilot armed with a single synchronised Vickers machine gun.
Teensploitation (teen films): the exploitation of teenagers by the producers of teen-oriented films, with plot elements involving parties, hijinks, vandalism, drag racing, drugs, sex, alcohol, and crime.
Kevin O'Keefe and Mathew Rodriguez noted that America's Next Top Model served as "the biggest inspiration" for the show and that season 1 of RuPaul's Drag Race was "a parody of a couple different reality shows ... but more so (of) America's Next Top Model".
They also compared the judging panels, comparing Michelle Visage to Nigel Barker as an "anchor main judge" who is "harsher in their critiques", although contrasted RuPaul's judges with Tyra's, stating that "RuPaul has never allowed a drag queen to sit on the panel the way Tyra would bring in either Janice Dickinson then Twiggy."
Another "artefact" of Top Model's influence on the show comes from Drag Races focus on runway, with season 8 contestant Kim Chi being "criticised for not having a model walk".
Hundreds of 'pixies' (made up of local Cubs and Brownies dressed in pixie attire) capture the St. Mary's church bell ringers and drag them from the church to the square, where a reenactment of the pixies' banishment takes place.
Participants compete in a variety of sports, including Cumberland wrestling, fell running and hound trails (similar to drag hunting).
In automotive parlance, windage refers to parasitic drag on the crankshaft due to sump oil splashing on the crank train during rough driving, and/or dissipating energy in turbulence from the crank train moving the crankcase gas and oil mist at high RPM.
In the year he left the RAF he started his layout Little Long Drag, which incorporated Garsdale Road and a lengthy run in a custom-built shed.
The kit served an aerodynamic purpose—it was wind tunnel tested to reduce drag to 0.29, while at the same time increasing downforce.
This sleek styling gives the LH cars a low drag coefficient which was ahead of its time.
Wax Ectastic was originally intended to be a concept album revolving around the death of a drag queen; instead, only two songs on the album address the subject.
 Alaska Thunderfuck 5000 (born 1985), an American drag performer and recording artist
Drug is traditionally both the past tense and participle form of the verb drag.
In the mid-1950s, they used the T-10, then later adopting the Capewell canopy release which provided a cut-away to reduce the deadly effect of drag.
 Drag Him to the Roof / I Will Remember (released in Japan)
The 1968 and 1969 AMXs with AMC's  engines compete in contemporary Nostalgia Super Stock drag racing.
He considered the most likely candidate process to be a drag effect in which photons transfer momentum to surrounding masses through gravitational interactions; and proposed that an attempt be made to put this effect on a sound theoretical footing with general relativity.
Both were built along Northern Lights Boulevard, which being a section line arterial, was mostly known for illegal drag racing and associated businesses such as drive-in restaurants, as the vast majority of Anchorage's retail landscape was located downtown at the time.
For the  season, Murray designed the radical and highly ambitious lowline Brabham BT55 in an effort to increase downforce without adding excessive drag by lowering overall ride height.
The first production slick tyre was developed by M&H Tires in the early 1950s for use in drag racing.
It was the only company in the world that produced and sold original drag racing tyres.
The development in cheaper slick technology has affected the development of tyres for racing series other than drag racing as well.
Although the bigger Dodges were beginning to appear at drag strips around the country, the "Golden Lancer" of Dode Martin and Jim Nelson was just about the fastest compact on the strips in 1962.
Subsequently, regaining popularity and continuing to pay homage to its historic significance, the Stonewall Inn hosts a variety of local music artists, drag shows, trivia nights, cabaret, karaoke and private parties.
On 11 January 2014, Waters was mentioned by Irish drag queen Panti (Rory O'Neill) on RTÉ's The Saturday Night Show with Brendan O'Connor while discussing homophobia.
Reese appeared as a panelist on several episodes of the television game show Match Game, and Latrice Royale impersonated Reese on season 4 of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars in the "Snatch Game of Love", a Match Game and The Dating Game parody.
 Slow Drag (Blue Note, 1967)
The saint speaks in Latin, in a cross-shaped inscription: "Duritiam cordis vestris, saxa trahere meruistis", which means "You deserved to drag stones due to the hardness of your hearts."
The shape of the bevel is much more efficient in reducing drag than the sabre grind typically found on Western sword blades.
In 1985 the first snow cannon was installed and in the years that followed numerous drag lifts and chair lifts were replaced.
Dumbo appears in the show Orange Is the New Black in the episode "Toast Can't Never Be Bread Again",  the fourth season's finale, as part of a flashback sequence of Poussey Washington's past, in which she is separated from her friends and meets some drag artists who take her to a party in a club in Dumbo.
Schlep: To drag or haul (an object); to walk, esp.
(Release the Prisoners to Spring), in the 1962 cult movie Raggargänget, in Kådisbellan (aka The Slingshot) in 1993 and as the pompous old drag queen Ragnar Rönn in the teleplay Cheek to Cheek (written and directed by Jonas Gardell), 1997.
Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote "The film has begun to drag by the time the climatic explosion occurs, and the climax itself is somewhat less than thrilling.
This bypass ramjet system is designed to reduce the negative effects of drag resulting from air that passes into the intakes but is not fed into the main rocket engine, rather than generating thrust.
Bothwell started wind-tunnel experiments intended to combine the low drag of high aspect ratio wings with the delayed stall at high angles of attack of a low aspect ratio wing.
They drag him to safety.
Generating radically increased downforce with significantly less drag, the Lotus 78s driven by Mario Andretti and Gunnar Nilsson won five Grands Prix in 1977.
Rafael Reina : Drag on ... Claustrophobia.
Glenn Milstead had almost exclusively performed as a woman under his drag queen persona, Divine, performing mostly in the works of John Waters.
The purpose of the high sweep angle was to allow for a thick wing section to be used while still providing limited transonic aerodynamic drag, and to provide a good angle for wing-installed conformal antenna equipment.
JC Chasez is surprised and dismayed to learn that his bandmates have signed him up without his knowledge, and two military police officers drag him away screaming.
The 996 had a drag coefficient of  resulting from hours spent in the wind tunnel.
The stability-control system attempts to stop front-end plow before it happens by squeezing the brakes on the inside wheels which effectively drag those tires enough to pull the car into the corner.
Sliders, date pickers, drag and dropping are just some of the many enhancements that can be provided.
The aerodynamic designer has two primary concerns: the creation of downforce, to help push the car's tyres onto the track and improve cornering forces; and minimising the drag that gets caused by turbulence and acts to slow the car down.
In contrast, high-speed circuits like Monza see the cars stripped of as much wing as possible, to reduce drag and increase speed on the long straights.
This reduces drag and maximises the amount of air available to the rear wing.
On the straights of a track, drivers can deploy DRS, which opens the rear wing, reduces the drag of the car, allowing it to move faster.
The aerodynamics are adjusted for each track; with a low drag configuration for tracks where high speed is more important like Autodromo Nazionale Monza, and a high traction configuration for tracks where cornering is more important, like the Circuit de Monaco.
Should these be removed, various parts of the car will cause great drag when the front wing is unable to shape the air past the body of the car.
In other words, if the throttle is let go, the F1 car will slow down under drag at the same rate as most sports cars do with braking, at least at speeds above .
 Jackie Beat, drag performer and comedian
The system is immune to static and dynamic stylus drag which otherwise cause unwanted speed variances that change the pitch and tempo of the music.
Cohen said he had dramatised the plot element after studying his life; Cadwell said Bruce told her he felt as though a demon was trying to drag him away when he collapsed 10 weeks before his death.
Gore called for opening markets to "spur innovation, speed the growth of new industries, and make [American] businesses more competitive", but also stressed the need to "negotiate worker rights, human rights, and environmental protections", stating: "we should use trade to lift up standards around the world not drag down standards here at home".
Because of their shape, they have a relatively low drag coefficient and therefore require comparatively little torque to spin at high speed.
He was a special guest judge during season 4 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Examples from 2017 are Jogi Löw, the coach of the national football team, for the Green Party in Baden-Württemberg and Olivia Jones, Germany's most famous drag queen, for the Green Party in Lower Saxony.
The other deployable was a small Satellite Test Unit (STU) which was designed to use the drag from the rarified atmosphere present in low Earth orbit and the Earth’s magnetic field for attitude control and stabilization.
The drag strip is available for competition.
The licenser may not make money off the deal but can still stop some type of products or require some type of reciprocity or do more subtle things like drag out the licensing process.
The Drag Race Package is a race model designed for NHRA competition, based on the Dodge Challenger SRT-8.
At least 50 Challenger Drag Race Package Cars were built to meet NHRA requirements.
"Big Daddy" Don Garlits bought the first drag race package car and raced it in NHRA competition.
The tires are targeted for the drag strip, but have enough tread pattern to make them legal for the road.
The SRT Demon contains a system that is used specifically for drag racing called transbrake.
Specially developed Nexen 275/40R20l street-legal drag radial tires are available for better grip.
Andy Warhol said of Curtis, "Jackie Curtis is not a drag queen.
Aubrey notices that the galley is using a drag sail to artificially slow its speed.
The Allison's in-line vee cylinder arrangement allowed for a narrow aerodynamic shape that had less drag than the air-cooled radial engine fighters that predominated in America at the time.
In this mode, the collective pitch, and hence drag, of the rotor could be reduced, as the wings would be taking as much as half of the craft's weight.
Taron and his men find the TARDIS and chip the hardened sap from its doors, then drag a nearly asphyxiated Doctor out.
Instead, it had a completely flat nose which induced drag, thereby slowing the fall of the weapon sufficiently to permit the bomber to escape the danger zone.
 Wild Bill Shrewsberry (born 1938), American drag racer
 Subsidence, drag or landslip
Rupaul (born 1960), actor, author, drag performer, TV show host
Peter Travers from Rolling Stone condemned the film for being over-long and too faithful to the book: "Once again, director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours".
The reality competition RuPaul's Drag Race incorporates lip sync performances into its format.
 Don Schumacher Racing, NHRA Top Fuel drag racing team of Tony Schumacher and other drivers
It has also played host to the IndyCar Series, the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series, and several other auto races and motorcycle races such as the American Federation of Motorcyclists series.
In 2000 Sears Point Raceway gained unanimous approval from the Sonoma County Board of Supervisors by a 5–0 vote to begin work on a $35 million Modernization Plan that included 64,000 Hillside Terrace seats, repaving of both the road course and drag strip and increased run-off around the entire track.
Track changes completed in 2002 separated the road course from the drag strip.
This hairpin is located just past the drag strip control tower and offers a fairly straight run to the start-finish line.
The facility underwent a major expansion in 2004 which resulted in 64,000 hillside seats, 10,000 permanent grandstand seats, a wastewater treatment facility,  of restored wetlands, permanent garages, new retail space, a go-kart track and a new drag strip.
Chukchansi Park is also home to the Drag Kings, the Grizzlies' dancing grounds crew who were given an honorable mention by GameOps as Best Entertainment act.
After a month of work North American engineers finally discovered that rotating the propellers to meet in the center on their upward turn created sufficient drag to cancel out all lift from the center wing section, one quarter of the aircraft's total wing surface area.
In describing the archetypal cop-buddy genre action scene adhered to by the film, Ebert noted "Whenever a movie like this starts to drag, there's always one infallible solution; have a car-chase and then blow something up real good."
It is the only all-concrete, four-lane drag strip in the United States and hosts NHRA events.
At one point during construction, concern by nearby residents led Concord city council to rezone land the drag strip was being built on, preventing it from being built.
The drag strip officially opened on August 20, 2008, and a public open house was held a few days later.
NHRA Division 2 drag racing venues
They will even drag governments into war if this suits their purposes.
This aerospike effectively decreases drag by 50%.
Kwinana also is home to a centre of attraction for Drag Racing, Dirt Track Speedway, Burnout Competitions, Street Machine shows and Super Cross events.
An alternative configuration is side-by-side seating, which is common in civil aircraft of all sizes, trainers and large military aircraft, but less so in high performance jets and gliders where drag reduction is paramount.
The action of bowling a cutter also increases drag on the ball as it leaves the hand, causing the ball to slow in the same way as a slower ball and this can also help to confuse the batsman.
The plane is a heavily modified Boeing 747SP, customized with low-rider hydraulics, spinners, blended winglets to compensate for the drag from the decorations, and a dance club.
Even the rear tail comes up slightly higher on the cabriolets to compensate for differences in drag over the canvas top vs. the smoother coupé shape.
The LOX tank is located at the top of the ET and has an ogive shape to reduce aerodynamic drag and aerothermodynamic heating.
The saboted slug had half the frontal area of the old slugs, which translated to half the drag, and double the penetration.
In class A materials, which have large amounts of solid solution hardening, strain rate increases over time due to a thinning of solute drag atoms as dislocations move.
Solute drag creep sometimes shows a special phenomenon, over a limited strain rate, which is called the Portevin–Le Chatelier effect.
 Solid solution strengthening: adding other elements in solid solution can slow diffusion, as well as slow dislocation motion via the mechanism of solute drag.
The combination of those features increased drag on the cars, counteracting the increased horsepower, keeping the cars close to the speeds they were running prior to the switch to the tapered spacer.
The original intention was to create a 15-turn,  road course, but as an insurance measure against economic problems, the investment group decided to incorporate a quarter-mile drag strip into the long straightaway of the  road course design.
The premier feature of Lucas Oil Raceway is a  long drag strip.
After an insurance investigation of the pit out opening for the road course, which is located along the left lane wall of the drag strip, the insurance carrier demanded the pit out be closed off with a permanent concrete wall.
NHRA Division 3 drag racing venues
A mid-engine layout was originally chosen as a way to reduce both aerodynamic drag and vehicle weight to improve fuel efficiency, and also for its handling, traction, and braking benefits.
There, the facets act as a sharp reminder of one's obligation while the engineer works, because it could drag on the writing surface while the engineer is drawing or writing.
Drag coefficient was 0.31.
The Memphis International Raceway (more commonly known as MIR) was founded in 1986 by Ed Gatlin, who along with a group of investors, bought a 400-acre tract of land within the northeastern section of Shelby County, and built a drag strip with an adjacent road course, including a dirt track and a go-kart track.
American racing also branched out into drag racing.
Shirley Muldowney (born June 19, 1940), also known professionally as "Cha Cha" and the "First Lady of Drag Racing", is an American auto racer.
Muldowney was described by longtime drag racer Fred Farndon as the "best 'natural' driver (top fuel or funny car), no question."
In 1976, she was named Drag News Top Fuel Driver of the Year and voted to the Auto Racing All-American Team for the second time.
She was the recipient of "Outstanding Achievement Award" from the United States House of Representatives on October 14, 1977, and was named the Drag News Top Fuel Driver of the Year for the second straight season.
“50 Years of Funny Cars:  Part 2” in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.
For significant supersonic range improvement the aerodynamic efficiency of the employed bullets has to be significantly improved without sacrificing a lot of practically achievable muzzle velocity - meaning that besides the coefficient of drag of the projectile weight is also an important parameter for its actual downrange flight behavior.
The 2010 version of the LM-105 bullet has an overall length of  or 6.33 calibers and derives its exceptional low drag from a radical LD Haack or Sears-Haack profile in the bullet's nose area.
The movies Sternberg created for Paramount over the next two years – The Last Command (1928), The Drag Net (1928), The Docks of New York (1929) and The Case of Lena Smith (1929), would mark "the most prolific period" of his career and establish him as one of the greatest filmmakers of the late silent era.
Sternberg demonstrates his fluency in the visual vocabulary of love: Dietrich dresses in drag and kisses a pretty female; Cooper flourishes a ladies' fan and places a rose behind his ear.
Born in Phoenix, Arizona, Buddy Rice is the son of a former drag racer.
The fins not only provide drag stabilization, but are designed to impart a slow rotation to the grenade.
The matte silver, teardrop wheels were replaced by polished aluminium 7-spoke wheels that had better brake cooling properties but more drag.
She explains her ability to fly by stating, "When lift plus thrust is greater than load plus drag, anything can fly."
Mopar remains active in drag racing events.
Drivers of the Mopar Dodge Challenger Drag Pak are eligible for a variety of Mopar contingency awards and benefits.
NRLMSISE-00 is a newer model of the Earth's atmosphere from ground to space, developed by the US Naval Research Laboratory taking actual satellite drag data into account.
It is most useful for calculating satellite orbital decay due to atmospheric drag.
A plane can take off even if the thrust is less than its weight: if the lift to drag ratio is greater than 1, the thrust to weight ratio can be less than 1, i.e.
South African drag queens
The Skycrane can hold its cargo up and tight against its center spine to lessen drag and eliminate the pendulum effect when flying forward, as well as winch vehicles up and down from a hovering position, so the helicopter can deploy loads while hovering.
Several technology research and development efforts exist to integrate the functions of flight control systems such as ailerons, elevators, elevons, flaps, and flaperons into wings to perform the aerodynamic purpose with the advantages of less: mass, cost, drag, inertia (for faster, stronger control response), complexity (mechanically simpler, fewer moving parts or surfaces, less maintenance), and radar cross section for stealth.
In 2010, she was also featured as a guest judge on the fourth episode of the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The advanced space-efficient designs, with very compact exterior dimensions and an aerodynamic drag co-efficient Cd of 0.32, were axed because of adverse feedback from potential clients.
This resulted in the names of both Jones and Metteyya to be drag through the mud.
The International Hot Rod Association (IHRA) is the second largest drag racing sanctioning body after the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA).
Another radical change came as a result of Meyer's ownership of the Texas Motorplex, considered then to be the premier drag racing facility in the world.
The IHRA is now the premiere motorsports sanctioning body in Canada, holding three national drag racing events.
More recently, the Australian Government appointed Motorsport Australia organization stated that it does not acknowledge IHRA Australia as a Drag Racing sanctioning body, for numerous reasons.
 Higher efficiency, due to a lower heat loss to friction; instead of fluid friction, the main source of heat is parasitic drag
Luckily there is an element of broad, brawny camp that prevents King Arthur from being a complete drag."
These waves can knock swimmers over and drag them back into deeper water.
To the left of the launch area is a "Christmas tree" light, similar to those employed at the starting line of a drag strip.
The rehearsal calls for Joey to smoke a cigarette, and as Joey is not a smoker and coughs after taking a drag, Chandler, who used to smoke, demonstrates the "proper" smoking technique to Joey.
When the boat is under way, most of each wing will be above the waterline so as to minimize drag.
Involuntary descent might occur from a decrease in power, decreased lift (wing icing), an increase in drag, or flying in an air mass moving downward, such as a terrain induced downdraft, near a thunderstorm, in a downburst, or microburst.
Spoilers fall into two categories: those that are deployed at controlled angles during flight to increase descent rate or control roll, and those that are fully deployed immediately on landing to greatly reduce lift ("lift dumpers") and increase drag.
In the case of a spoileron, in order for it to be used as a control surface, it is raised on one wing only, thus decreasing lift and increasing drag, causing roll and yaw.
The British Aerospace 146 is fitted with particularly wide-span spoilers to generate additional drag and make reverse thrust unnecessary.
His next role was a drag queen (La Miranda) in Nigel Finch's Stonewall.
The next modification replaced the flaps with fully retractable flaps suitable for cruising flight and high drag was obtained with reverse thrust from a J85 turbojet installed in the fuselage behind the cockpit.
While the sabot improved short range effectiveness, the additional drag caused the performance of the shot to fall off dramatically with increasing range.
Once outside the barrel, the pins, centering band and forward petals are released or discarded by projectile spin, the aerodynamic drag removes the pot/base unit.
Both the higher initial velocity and the reduced drag result in higher velocity at impact.
For bodies in low Earth orbit, the most significant effect is atmospheric drag.
During solar maxima the Earth's atmosphere causes significant drag up to altitudes much higher than during solar minima.
 Drag Me to Hell
Rapid or excessive movement of the tiller results in an increase in drag and will result in braking or slowing the boat.
Also in 1968, Chrysler made approximately fifty fastback Barracudas equipped with the  Hemi for Super Stock drag racing.
When the freeze was just beginning, Bartlett would bring up several teams, hitch them to a bunch of stumps and drag through the canal to break the ice so boats could get lumber to his mill.
Known Felons in Drag (1986, New Rose)
second novel, Drag King Dreams, was released in 2006.
Bror Bjurströmer, who was then head of the design department, developed a 1:25 scale sketch and the overall design specifications, which included the following: a wheelbase of  and total length of ; employment of a monocoque design; 50% less drag than other cars; 800 kilogram maximum weight; power from a transverse-mounted two-stroke engine; and front-wheel drive.
In a two-reel projector the feed reel has a slight drag to maintain tension on the film, while the takeup reel is constantly driven with a mechanism that has mechanical 'slip,' to allow the film to be wound under constant tension so the film is wound in a smooth manner.
In warm clouds, larger cloud droplets fall at a higher terminal velocity; because at a given velocity, the drag force per unit of droplet weight on smaller droplets is larger than on large droplets.
Two theater troupes, The Cockettes and the Angels of Light, formed in San Francisco in the late 1960s and focused their entertainment on mocking popular culture through drag, embracing drugs, and free sex in the counterculture of the 1960s.
Director John Waters called the Cockettes "hippie acid freak drag queens", whose first non-San Francisco appearance was at a New York City show with an audience full of celebrities who reacted with complete confusion to the performance.
Both groups employed a sense of high camp: outrageous scenes and sets, fantastic costumes, movie references and bad puns, and intentionally bad acting combined with deliberately bad drag, which diverted from previous female impersonators whose mark of quality was realism.
 community drag icons and activists:
Hence it was common for ships in the roadstead to drag their anchors in strong winds, especially those from north round to east northeast or from the southeast, as these directions were less sheltered.
Drag coefficient is quoted at  for the sedan and  for the liftback.
Due to atmospheric drag, the lowest altitude at which an object in a circular orbit can complete at least one full revolution without propulsion is approximately , whereas an object can maintain an elliptical orbit with perigee as low as about  without propulsion.
This figure is mainly (~7.8 km/s) for horizontal acceleration needed to reach orbital speed, but allows for atmospheric drag (approximately 300 m/s with the ballistic coefficient of a 20 m long dense fueled vehicle), gravity losses (depending on burn time and details of the trajectory and launch vehicle), and gaining altitude.
Many spacecraft in low Earth orbit (e.g., nanosatellites or spacecraft that have run out of station keeping fuel or are otherwise non-functional) solve the problem of deceleration from orbital speeds through using atmospheric drag (aerobraking) to provide initial deceleration.
Roxxxy Andrews - drag queen
The shape was also slippery, with a drag coefficient of 0.355 (very low for the era).
 A simple interactive tutorial on electromagnetic induction (click and drag magnet back and forth) National High Magnetic Field Laboratory
They would drag their canoes across the peninsula as a short-cut for the meander, and therefore the settlement was first called Le Portage.
Riders get to simulate a drag race down a four lane race track complete with "Christmas tree" countdown lights.
High Speed Low Drag Bomb (HSLD) 
As the spacecraft continuously orbited, it would lead its predicted positions slightly, accumulating greater and greater advance as it spiraled lower and faster due to the drag of the residual atmosphere.
It was determined that atmospheric pressures, and thus drag and orbital decay, were higher than anticipated, as Earth's upper atmosphere gradually tapered into space.
As the three Vanguard satellites are still orbiting, with their drag properties essentially unchanged, they form a baseline atmospheric dataset sixty years old and counting.
The objectives of the flight were to measure the Earth's magnetic field, the solar X-ray radiation and its effects on the Earth's atmosphere, the near-Earth micrometeoroid environment, and the drag effects and density of the upper atmosphere.
As the spacecraft continuously orbited, it would lag its predicted positions slightly, accumulating greater and greater delay due to drag of the residual atmosphere.
It was determined that atmospheric pressures, and thus drag and orbital decay, were higher than anticipated, as Earth's upper atmosphere tapered into space gradually.
In a forward slip much more drag is created, allowing the pilot to dissipate altitude without increasing airspeed, increasing the angle of descent (glide slope).
The sideslip moves the aircraft sideways (often, only in relation to the wind) where executing a turn would be inadvisable, drag is considered a byproduct.
The airflow over the fuselage is at a sideways angle, increasing the relative frontal area, which increases drag.
The hare was introduced as a quarry species in 1851; the fox was never introduced, so there are no fox hunting packs in New Zealand; instead all hunts there are mounted hare hunts or drag hunts which hunt with harriers.
Additionally, they argue that the general body shape of Spinosaurus is poorly adapted for this lifestyle, drawing on the amount of water drag and aquatic instability from the sail, as well as the rigid trunk and seemingly scarcely-muscled tail.
A Kammback minimizes aerodynamic drag while maintaining a practical shape for a vehicle.
a rounded nose and long tapering tail) to minimize the aerodynamic drag that is created at higher speeds.
In 1936, a similar theory was applied to cars after Baron Reinhard Koenig-Fachsenfeld developed a smooth roofline but with an abrupt end at a vertical surface, effective in achieving low amounts of drag similar to a streamlined body.
The Kammback, along with other aerodynamic modifications, gave the prototype a drag coefficient of 0.25.
However, researchers including Kamm found that abruptly cutting off the tail resulted in a minimal increase in drag.
The design paradigm of sloping the tail to reduce drag was carried to an extreme on cars such as the Cunningham C-5R, resulting in an airfoil effect lifting the rear of the car at speed and so running the risk of instability or loss of control.
The rigidity gained through the nearly pure unibody platform combined with the suspension's low unsprung weight and near-ideal geometry provided sound handling, braking, and acceleration; the latter especially with the mid-year  "Ramcharger"  V8 which was aimed primarily at sanctioned drag racing, where it quickly broke performance records.
The cars were designed to meet street legal requirements, but due to the modifications, the cars came with disclaimers that they were not for street use, but rather "supervised acceleration trials", or drag racing.
The shortcomings, such as the increased weight and reduced speed would be addressed in the upcoming Tejas Mark 1A aircraft by increasing the use of composites in manufacturing and reducing the supersonic drag by using more aerodynamic pylons.
When launched on 10 June 1989, the Calibra was the most aerodynamic production car in the world, with a drag coefficient (Cd) of 0.26.
The 147 had a drag coefficient (Cd) of 0.32.
In her book April Ashley's Odyssey she stated that Amanda Lear was assigned male at birth and that they had worked together at Le Carousel where Lear had used the drag name Peki d'Oslo.
This enabled the new canard to be designed with less span, reducing wetted area and thus drag.
UKC began to license Drag Racing in 2004, at the time called Terrier Racing.
Areas from the control room (featuring push-button control of pneumatic and trim systems), to the anchor (streamlined to reduce drag and flow noise) were changed in the development of the new submarine.
Drag shows often include lip-syncing, dancing, and live singing.
Drag balls themselves have a long history for gay men in the United States.
The men, who co-authored The Young and Evil, described the drag ball as "a scene whose celestial flavor and cerulean coloring no angelic painter or nectarish poet has ever conceived .
Nevertheless, in drag performances and at gay pride events, many gay men continue to embrace a camp aesthetic.
Another reason might be to remove barnacles or small sharks such as remoras that, when attached, increase drag during swimming.
Items are collected with a tow cable that makes flight more difficult due to the drag of the item, and are released over the mothership or deposited in small wormholes deeper in the caverns.
The increase in stability which well-designed fins give is worth the extra drag, and helps to maximize the height to which the rocket will fly.
A typical elevator is an open skeletal frame, with a chain that has dull  spikes every few feet along the chain to grab bales and drag them along.
immediately before the disk stops spinning), air drag (specifically, viscous dissipation) is the dominant factor, but prior to this end stage, rolling friction is the dominant effect.
"Greta Garbo" (Gerhard) – an Anglo-German telephone engineer and drag queen, has suffered much at the hands of the Nazis.
Colorado band Drag the River has a song called "Mr. Crews" on their 2006 album It's Crazy.
In 1976, with his health failing, he felt compelled to communicate to NASA his belief in the low drag high lift concept inherent in the flying wing.
Darrell J. Russell (September 20, 1968 – June 27, 2004)  was an American National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racer.
However, since the larger sizes of adults mean a higher drag coefficient, using this type of propulsion is more energy-efficient.
Eurypterid trackways have been referred to several ichnogenera, most notably Palmichnium (defined as a series of four tracks often with an associated drag mark in the mid-line), wherein the holotype of the ichnospecies P. kosinkiorum preserves the largest eurypterid footprints known to date with the found tracks each being about  in diameter.
In 1977, writer Roberto Querejazu would claim that "if the Catavi massacre was the flag raised by the MNR and the RADEPA in their revolt against Peñaranda, the 'crimes of Challacollo and Chuspipata' became those of the PIR and the traditional parties to drag public opinion against Villarroel."
Assuming Stokes' law, the drag force in the outward radial direction that is opposing the outward velocity on any particle in the inlet stream is:
For this show, Jorden takes on the drag persona of "La Cieca", a gossipy commentator.
Charges stemmed from an incident where Unser reportedly drag raced his Chevrolet Suburban SUV at speeds of over 100 mph.
The open shell of these ammonites would have made them poor swimmers because of drag, but beyond that fact, very little is certain about their mode of life.
The design used fixed landing gear, so in order to reduce their length and their resulting drag, the wings featured a sharp inverted gull wing bend at about ¼ span.
In this paper, he described the boundary layer and its importance for drag and streamlining.
Prandtl showed that an elliptical spanwise lift distribution the most efficient, giving the minimum induced drag for the given span.
The Alumnae ("Bruzers") and UH Law Student ("Etes") teams are composed entirely of female students, while cheerleaders are composed of male students dressed in drag.
As Mike, RuPaul made a rare appearance out of drag.
Most operational conversion aircraft retain the full functionality of the operational version with slight degradations to performance due to increased weight and drag, and possibly reduced range due to a reduced internal fuel load.
He tried streamlining the shape of the disc to reduce drag, but this resulted in a disc that was more unstable in flight.
 Pandora Boxx, American drag queen and comedian
 Robert Goddard added terms for gravity and drag in vertical flight
Australia was playing the New Zealand All Blacks and while Catchpole was trapped on the bottom of a ruck New Zealander second rower, Colin Meads, tried to drag him out by one leg, splitting him like a wishbone.
After the Treaty of Dresden, the daily routine of peacetime military service began to drag his spirits down.
Aerodynamic covers were initially placed over the D-21's intake and exhaust to reduce drag, but had to be removed after the first few tests, as no way of discarding them at Mach 3 without damaging the drone or carrier plane could be devised.
Na+ entering the cell will tend to drag the membrane potential toward the reversal potential for sodium ENa.
The live axle suspension is still used in some sports cars, like the Ford Mustang (model years before 2015), and is better for drag racing, but generally has problems with grip on bumpy corners, fast corners and stability at high speeds on bumpy straights.
Slow Fade, published 1984 by Alfred A. Knopf, reissued in 2011 by Drag City
This intake is integrated into a wider and shorter front cowling from Kawasaki Aerospace Company division, lowering the drag coefficient by one point from 33 to 32.
Most Pro Mod and some Pro Street drag race cars use three stages for additional power, but more and more are switching to pulsed progressive technology.
He is also shown to be a self-taught mechanical genius in various episodes, like building an entire "Road-Ready Drag Racer" out of his bed, turning his bed into a trampoline, welding together various junk to create an Egyptian-style temple or taking good care of the Junkyard when Joe's out of town.
Practically speaking, phonon drag is an important effect in semiconductors near room temperature (even though well above ), that is comparable in magnitude to the carrier-diffusion effect described in the previous section.
Drag Racing League, AHDRA, and the Super Chevy Show.
The car had a drag coefficient of 0.41, which was better than contemporary Corvette (0.45), and performed well on the big high speed tracks, with Morgan Shepherd (driving Buddy Arrington's Imperial) qualifying for the 1985 Daytona 500 at a speed of 197 mph, despite the lack of suitable high-performance race engines.
However, the weather had deteriorated, and when the rescue vessels began to drag anchor and the telephone cable to the sunken wreck parted, the attempt was abandoned.
Frankenstein Meets the Beatles / Dracula Drag – DCP International 1126 — 12/12/64
 Ethyl Eichelberger — born James Roy Eichelberger, a famous drag queen, playwright and actor, for whom a prize was founded by downtown Manhattan theatre institution P.S.
Fiscal drag happens when the government's net fiscal position (spending minus taxation) fails to cover the net savings desires of the private economy, also called the private economy's spending gap (earnings minus spending and private investment).
One cause of fiscal drag may be bracket creep, where progressive taxation increases automatically as taxpayers move into higher tax brackets due to inflation.
Ireland is an example of a country in which, in recent years, the progressive income tax system has allowed government revenues to swell due to both nominal and real fiscal drag without either increases in the tax rates or decreases in the thresholds.
Rather than use snake-like undulations, their bodies probably remained stiff to reduce drag through the water, while their tails provided strong propulsion.
A limited number of trucks utilize a Lenco transmission, which traces its roots to drag racing.
The effect of the two body collisions slows down the galaxy, and the drag effect is greater the larger the galaxy mass.
It is now known that the effect of dynamical friction on photons or other particles moving at relativistic speeds is negligible, since the magnitude of the drag is inversely proportional to the square of velocity.
Methanol fuel is also used extensively in drag racing, primarily in the Top Alcohol category, while between 10% and 20% methanol may be used in Top Fuel classes in addition to Nitromethane.
Used as part of cock and ball torture within a BDSM relationship, the parachute provides a constant drag, and a squeezing effect on the testicles.
The 25 was one of the first cars designed from the start for aerodynamic efficiency giving a drag coefficient (Cd) of 0.31, a key factor in improving fuel economy.
He performed "festival" and "plantation" dances in formal attire with Thomas F. Briggs on banjo, and dressed in drag to perform the role of Lucy Long in the song of that name, sung by Pell.
The tracks where both events are held (Auto Club Speedway and Auto Club Raceway at Pomona, respectively), along with a drag strip in Bakersfield (Auto Club Famoso Raceway), all have naming rights held by the Auto Club.
The tall, square body utilising a Kamm tail achieved a drag coefficient of 0.34, and it won much praise for an airy interior space and fuel economy.
Three gangsters — Rhodes, Travis, and Sykes — force their way into the RV and drag Teddy outside.
"Karla Faye" (Mary Gauthier/Crit Harmon) on the album Drag Queens in Limousines [Munich Records BV]
For example, at  the lift to drag ratio is 200:1, far higher than any aircraft but much lower than classic steel on steel rail which reaches 1000:1 (rolling resistance).
Depending the application, lift to drag ratio at low speed or higher speed are favored.
In 2013, the Drag Reduction System identical to the system used in Formula 1 was introduced by ITR to improve racing in DTM.
Driver aids like ABS, traction control, launch control, active suspension, cockpit-adjustable anti-roll bar and partial car-to-team radio communications are currently prohibited except fuel mapping and Drag Reduction Systems, which can only be used for 12 laps in 2018 when near enough.
Another downside is that the EDS system naturally creates a field in the track in front and to the rear of the lift magnets, which acts against the magnets and creates magnetic drag.
The drag force can be used to the electrodynamic system's advantage, however, as it creates a varying force in the rails that can be used as a reactionary system to drive the train, without the need for a separate reaction plate, as in most linear motor systems.
This has the potential to increase speed and efficiency greatly, as most of the energy for conventional maglev trains is lost to aerodynamic drag.
The force used to overcome air drag increases with the square of the velocity and hence dominates at high speed.
But due to the lack of physical contact between the track and the vehicle, maglev trains experience no rolling resistance, leaving only air resistance and electromagnetic drag, potentially improving power efficiency.
The Lichfield canons decided to appeal to Pope John XXII over the issue, initiating a case that was to drag on for twelve years.
Among them were drug addicts, a drag queen, Hare Krishnas, and bikers.
However, drag and drop placement of GUI components in a manner similar to Windows Forms is still provided in XAML by replacing the root XAML element of the Page/Window with a "Canvas" UI-Control.
He hosted a jazz radio program in Troy, New York, and owned a small restaurant for a short time near a drag racing track in Vermont.
He does a fairly good job at controlling his habit throughout the series' run, although a few times he cannot resist temptation and has a single cigarette or just a single drag off someone else's.
The majority, in fact, add weight and increase the drag coefficient of the vehicle, thus reducing its overall performance.
Drag car: Cars modified for straight-line speed and acceleration.
It is also typical to see many drag queens or women and men (mostly the latter) scantily dressed.
It was almost entirely new, with a more sporting, aerodynamic look—the coefficient of drag went down to 0.34 compared with the previous generation.
The crowd started to drag him away.
The design featured numerous improvements including a redesigned wing with a new low drag section, a larger fuselage and bonded rather than riveted construction.
The release and relative success of Slay Tracks was significant to Pavement's subsequent signing to Drag City, and later to Matador Records.
Dan Koretzky, founder of Drag City, ordered 200 copies of the EP for the Chicago Reckless Records store he worked for at the time.
Kannberg remembered expressing reluctance to sign to any label, but Drag City producer and session musician Rian Murphy recalled that "We asked, they said yes.
Koretzky ordered 200 copies of the EP for the record store, and asked Kannberg to sign to his newly started independent label, Drag City.
Between the release of Slay Tracks and the recording sessions for Demolition Plot J-7, Koretzky formed Drag City with Dan Osborn.
Demolition Plot J-7 helped define the early "messed-up, art-steeped guitar noise" sound of Drag City, which would become a seminal independent label.
These design changes primarily involved aerodynamic improvements, aimed at achieving a 10% reduction in drag and a significant reduction in overall weight, increasing the AW609's performance and capabilities.
The engine may be near the top or bottom of the mast, and newer designs have the engine fixed in the fuselage to reduce noise and drag.
For types that use a pylon, lower drag and sink rate are achieved with the pylon extended and the motor not running, as there is no radiator as required to cool a gasoline engine.
The supercritical design promised to greatly lower transonic drag, as much as a swept wing in some situations.
However, it was found that the YC-14's drag was 11% higher than originally predicted.
This wing design dramatically lowers transonic wave drag by as much as 30% compared to more conventional profiles, while at the same time offering excellent low-speed lift.
Both types had higher drag than expected, which decreased performance.
It angular in form, with little attention paid to obvious avenues for drag reduction.
Features could also be integrated onto the EA-18G Growler; using CFTs on the EA-18G fleet was speculated as useful to releasing underwing space and drag margin for the Next Generation Jammer.
 Drag Coefficient: .31 to .36 (variable).
The "G" model also saw a new short-stroke nose oleo introduced to reduce the drag created by the nosewheel assembly.
To prevent further delays to the production aircraft, a large cowling was adopted, which increased drag and reduced the MB.152's flight performance.
To attract consumers, the site developed a new Internet virtual technology with which consumers could drag their intended clothes onto a virtual 3D body model, and then view it from whatever angles and distance they wanted.
Atmospheric drag took its toll, however, and the station reentered over South America 55 months later.
All but S1 and S2 5.25 inch turrets were almost unmanageable, a factor compounded by the list, rendering their crews unable even to drag them around manually using chains.
The Garrett brand competes in numerous motorsport series and supports sports car racing, drag racing, rally racing, and open-wheel racing.
The lyric "You're keeping me around, until I finally drag us both down" details a dysfunctional relationship.
That is an aspiration with which the Tulsis cannot deal, and their decaying world conspires to drag him down.
The Amitron was designed to minimize power loss by keeping down rolling resistance, wind drag resistance, and vehicle weight.
After this discussion about the girls running away, the two notice Grandma’s corpse and drag her into the field to dig her grave and bury her.
Canadian drag queen Brooke Lynn Hytes’s name comes from the neighborhood.
Likewise, tracks are available in various types, from true racing circuits to drag strips, mountain roads, and even a car park.
Balshofer hired her again to costar with early drag performer Julian Eltinge and newcomer Rudolph Valentino in Over the Rhine, for which she was awarded the title of "Best Dressed Girl in Pictures".
However, a recent trend in road bicycle frame design is tubing claimed to reduce aerodynamic drag, adopting many design features from time trial bicycles, and the majority of top-level teams use bikes with aerodynamic tube shaping at least some of the time.
Tess -  One of the 3 Furies of Ai-Land, she was sent to search out and drag Ai back to her planet.
Revised single-seat fighter for Yugoslavia, powered by  Kestrel XVI piston engine, and fitted with low drag radiator and Dowty cantilever undercarriage with internally sprung wheels.
Dizzy Draztik introduced Joey Jordison to the music of the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13, a horror punk band from Charlotte, North Carolina, fronted by vocalist Wednesday 13.
Most of the tracks on the Murderdolls debut album were covers from his previous band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
The latter two had previously been recorded by Wednesday 13 with the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
Frames for sprinting seek to maximize rigidity, while those for general racing seek to reduce aerodynamic drag.
In 1962, a special version known as the "Max Wedge" was made available for drag racing and street use; this version produced  at 5,000 rpm.
The engine performance that met the mission requirements for the CIA and USAF over many years was later enhanced slightly for NASA experimental work (carrying external payloads on the top of the aircraft), which required more thrust to deal with higher aircraft drag.
Even minimum afterburner would not balance the drag.
It was available in the Dodge Dart only, and the car so equipped was called the "D-Dart", a reference to its classification in NHRA D-stock for drag racing, which was the car's only intended purpose.
The party had two sledges, but the poor surface of the ice due to the extremely low temperatures meant that they could not drag both sledges as intended during parts of the outward journey.
Pre-Stonewall "closet" culture accepted homosexuality as effeminate behaviour, and thus emphasized camp, drag, and swish including an interest in fashion and decorating.
These formulae ignore aerodynamic drag and also assume that the landing area is at uniform height 0.
When a state of dynamic equilibrium is attained under vertical free fall, the opposing forces of gravity and drag are equalized, i.e., 
This approach also allows to add the effects of speed-dependent drag coefficient, altitude-dependent air density and position-dependent gravity field.
This sleek styling gives the Concorde a low drag coefficient which was ahead of its time.
According to the 2013 National Speedway Directory, the total number of oval tracks, drag strips and road courses in the United States is 1,262, with 901 of those being oval tracks and 683 of those being dirt tracks.
 The Drag Net (1928) as Two-Gun Nolan
In aviation, however, drag chutes were used for the first time only in 1937 by the Soviet airplanes in the Arctic that were providing support for the famous polar expeditions of the era, such as the first drifting ice station North Pole-1, launched the same year.
FINA and International Marathon Swimming Hall of Fame do not keep records for swims that employ thermal insulating material, drag reduction fabrics, buoyancy aids, breathing apparatus, propulsion prosthetics, etc.
A Crack Up at the Race Riots, an experimental book of fragments which he jokingly described in press appearances and interviews as his attempt to write "the Great American Choose Your Own Adventure novel", was published in 1998 by Drag City.
a chain to drag fallen exiles to safety).
Tommy Ivo (born April 18, 1936), also known as "TV Tommy" and "Instant Ivo" is an actor and drag racer, who was active in the 1960s racing community.
It was unique in appearance and won numerous races, including NASCAR's first National Drag Race.
In the late 1980s, she created a character named Margo Howard-Howard, a 50-year-old drag queen with a scandalous past, for her performances.
Satellite Drag Atmospheric Density 
In the second episode of season 1 of Canada's Drag Race, the main challenge is based on parodying Heritage Minutes as "Her-itage Moments"; the parodied ads were the one on Nellie McClung and the suffragist movement in Manitoba, and the one about Dr. Wilder Penfield's advances in neuroscience research.
Agincourt only made  under sail mainly because the ship's propeller could only be disconnected and not hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag.
He goes in search of the drag queens.
One by one, they confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion to Spartacus).
The opening and closing scenes were filmed in New York City featuring dozens of its local drag performers and underground stars in small roles or as featured extras.
The ending scene, the Miss Drag Queen USA contest, was filmed at The John Shaffer Phipps Estate in Old Westbury, New York, now known as Old Westbury Gardens.
Emanuel Levy of Variety wrote: "A politically correct comedy about drag queens?
The basic concept of compression lift is well known; "planing" boats reduce drag by "surfing" on their own bow wave in exactly the same fashion.
Marsha Rosenbaum, who headed the West Coast office of the Lindesmith Center, a drug policy reform organization, provided an opinion for a 1999 Village Voice article, "In DARE's worldview, Marlboro Light cigarettes, Bacardi rum, and a drag from a joint are all equally dangerous.
The casemate-mounted secondary armament was one deck below the main deck and provided the majority of the complaints from shipping water from the forward positions and breaking the flow of the bow wave imparting extra drag on the design.
It was designed with help from drag racing legend Warren Johnson.
This was a special package created for drag racers, as well as NASCAR, and it consisted of a  engine with aluminium body parts, and a cowl-induction air intake system.
During development, a single-engine endured more than 200 simulated drag strip passes on a dynamometer.
Introduced in 1963 on Pontiac's  drag racing engines, General Motors fitted it to the 1967 Z/28 before they used it on the L88  Corvette.
Modified versions of this engine were extensively used in NASCAR stock car racing and drag racing competition.
However, in the June 1974 issue of SUPER STOCK AND DRAG ILLUSTRATED, a new 1974 Trans Am with the SD-455 motor ran 14.25 @ .
It has a curb weight of , with a low coefficient of drag of 0.195.
The XL1 has a curb weight of , and a  (a similar drag coefficient to the General Motors EV1 electric car).
A patent was granted 1860 to reduce drag on the recoil shield applied to this revolver as well as the lipfire revolvers.
The body has a drag coefficient of 0.44.
A tune called "Slow Drag Blues", composed by Snowden, was recorded c. 1915–19 by Dabney's Band.
Asia O'Hara (born 1982), American drag queen
A higher top speed of  was obtained thanks to the higher gear ratios, a lower drag coefficient of 0.31, and standard 15" wheels on the more powerful model.
When they separated because the extreme drag made by the rings all around the missile, the solid fuel sustainer Deerhound started to burn its  of propellant (390 kg for the Mk 1) and gave about  for 38 seconds.
The ships were also equipped with a bulbous bow to reduce drag on the hull, the first time the feature was used in the German Navy.
A brake was originally a heavy drag chassis with slowing capability hooked to spirited horses,  It is also possible that the word 'brake' has its origins in the Dutch word 'brik' which means 'cart' or 'carriage'.
In 1993, Bond hosted the first San Francisco Drag King Contest at the DNA Lounge with Elvis Herselvis.
By using aerodynamic components, a bicycle can be designed to minimize its drag coefficient, allowing a rider to drop his or her time by minutes during a long course.
Despite the channel’s shutdown, the Speed brand continues to be used on Fox Sports’ social media platforms for coverage of AMA Supercross, the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series, the ARCA Racing Series, International Motor Sports Association, and other non-NASCAR motorsports.
It receives its holding power by plowing into the bottom sediments using the boats mass to drag it underneath the soil.
| tęsti || tęsiu || tęsi || tęsia || tęsiau || tęsei || tęsė || to continue, proceed; drag, carry
Arcuites bertiensis is an ichnospecies that includes a pair of crescent-shaped impressions and a short medial drag, and it has been found in upper Silurian eurypterid Lagerstatten in Ontario and Pennsylvania.
It had a marginally increased drag coefficient of .31 compared to the Z31's .30.
Although he praised its campaign mode as superior to those of other real-time strategy games, and considered its interface an improvement upon Shadow of the Horned Rat, he summarized that "a few nagging flaws still manage to drag Dark Omen back from the brink of greatness."
In 2008, she was awarded the Wine Personality of the Year 2008 award by the International Wine Challenge, which said, about her efforts to drag the European wine industry into the 21st century, that "family vineyards might have been pulled up and the family winemaking tradition lost had it not been for the intrepid heroine from the north".
Simon Sherry-Wood appeared as a member of the Scruff Pit Crew during season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
 Ray Price (motorcyclist) (1937–2015) motorcycle drag racer, designer and engineer
He is also remembered for performing as a drag queen at the Black Cat Bar and as the founder of the Imperial Court System.
In consultation with attorney Melvin Belli, Sarria countered this tactic by distributing labels to his fellow drag queens (hand-made, in the shape of a black cat's head) that read "I am a boy".
Fastbacks provide an advantage in developing aerodynamic vehicles with a low drag coefficient.
they say he "has got a lot of a fight for a ninety-year-old" and drag him into the building.
Competitors compete in a drag race (although in the original Pinks, there was a stepladder shifter kart race in Series 1, and the original franchise was based more on illegal street racing) in the franchise.
As is the case for a regular drag race, the cars are allowed to perform a burnout, after which they are staged according to the negotiated starting positions (if any).
Next, Christensen raises both arms, waits for 2 – 5 seconds and then lowers his arms to start the race, which eliminates a popular tactic in drag racing, the delay box, from being used by the car.
As in drag racing, the following are declared fouls on Pinks and the offender loses the round:
The standard timing points in drag racing, excluding the 60-feet time (which Pinks does not use because of the nature of head starts), used by officials are at:
In 2008, the American Drag Racing League was forced to a Pinks-style arm drop start for the final two rounds of their 1/8 mile races when lightning damaged the Christmas tree at US 131 Motorsports Park in Martin, Michigan.
The construction of this base was to drag on through much of the Nineteenth Century.
But Hole is already on notice to quit the force and is left with little alternative but to drag himself out of his alcoholic stupor and get to work.
Even though every panel was changed and most details were considerably smoother, the drag coefficient remained a fairly high 0.39.
1892 – Oliver Lodge demonstrates that aether drag is invisible around rapidly moving celestial bodies.
Miller presents his positive results of the aether drag.
The new version includes a new drag and drop interface, more customizable themes, and simple social media integration.
There are several tCs in drag racing.
In 2007 and 2008, the Jotech Motorsports team won back-to-back Pro Import Class titles of the Battle Of The Imports drag series.
Also, the 935 now had extended "long tail" rear fenders, similar to the low drag setup seen years earlier on the Carrera RS.
The new car body was changed significantly to lower drag, resulting in a 10 km/h higher top speed at Paul Ricard, where it covered 3,500 km in tests at speed, lapping three to four seconds faster.
The distinction is that, in a normal river or stream bed, particles of rock are carried along by frictional drag of water on the particle (known as tractional flow).
Wilfrid Brambell played the White Rabbit, Michael Gough (who later appeared in Tim Burton's 2010 film adaptation) and Wilfrid Lawson were the March Hare and the Dormouse, Alison Leggatt was the Queen of Hearts, and Leo McKern did a drag turn as the Ugly Duchess.
The three Barris copies all reside in private collections, including the exhibition drag racing version driven by wheelstanding driver Wild Bill Shrewsberry.
Super giant slalom, downhill, and speed skiing poles are designed to bend around the skier's body while in a tuck position to minimize drag.
Lane also regularly encounters two Korean drag racers, one of whom learned to speak English by listening to Howard Cosell.
Growing up is a Drag
The FRC distributed video tapes of a television interview with Hormel at the 1996 San Francisco Pride parade in which Hormel laughed at a joke about the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, a group of men who dress in drag as nuns to mock religious conventions, as they passed by.
The game also simulated the ball hitting the net if it did not achieve a high enough arc as well as changes in velocity due to drag from air resistance.
Because the film was put together so quickly, some plot decisions, such as the character Z-Man being revealed as a woman in drag, were made on the spot, without the chance to bring previous already-shot scenes into alignment with the new development.
Male swimmers wore full body swimsuits up until the 1940s, which caused more drag in the water than their modern swim-wear counterparts.
The smaller frontal area compared with a radial engine also results in less drag.
They leave their burrows at night to forage for leaves and stems, which they drag underground before consumption, as well as consuming roots underground.
Also featured are the string quartet Ethel, and three guest vocalists: Iranian diva Sussan Deyhim, drag performer Dale De Vere and Marianne Faithfull, who sings vocals on "Love Got Lost".
Later versions of the Islander offer various options, including enlarged bay doors, 3-bladed scimitar propellers, low drag fairings, modern interior, ergonomic leather seating, in-flight entertainment systems, and alternative seat arrangements; underwing hardpoints can also be installed for carrying pod, spray booms and other external stores.
If deceleration is not detected and aquaplaning is suspected, the nose should be raised and aerodynamic drag utilized to decelerate to a point where the brakes do become effective.
Typically, due to aerodynamic drag, there is a wind gradient in the wind flow ~100 meters above the Earth's surface—the surface layer of the planetary boundary layer.
At the other extreme, when the snow is wet and warm, heat generation creates a thicker film that can create increased capillary drag on the ski bottom.
The album also features the singles "When the Angels Sing," which is said to be a tribute to Ness's grandmother, who was an avid supporter of the band, and "Don't Drag Me Down".
The Cooper Do-nuts Riot happened in 1959 in Los Angeles, when the lesbians, gay men, transgender people, and drag queens who hung out at Cooper Do-nuts and who were frequently harassed by the LAPD fought back after police arrested three people, including Rechy.
One of the most notorious events performed at Wiesbaden was Maciunas' interpretation of Philip Corner's Piano Activities, the score of which asked a group of people to 'play', 'scratch or rub' and 'strike soundboard, pins, lid or drag various objects across them.'
After total reconstruction of 2011–2012, the track hosts a number of racing events, such as Formula Alfa series, Legends championship, BMW Annual Festival, drag and drift competitions, amateur races and many more.
To increase production, he attracted a ménage of adult film performers, drag queens, socialites, drug addicts, musicians, and free-thinkers who became known as the Warhol Superstars, to help him.
Holly Woodlawn and Jackie Curtis were noted drag queens who were part of the Factory group, as was transgender woman Candy Darling.
He also gave a copy of the CD to the owner of Drag City, his record label.
In December 2004, she performed with Smog and Weird War at the Drag City "It's a Wonderful Next Life" Christmas party.
The album features orchestrations and arrangements by Van Dyke Parks, engineering from Steve Albini and mixing by Drag City label-mate Jim O'Rourke.
The need to make the collisions between ordinary matter and the aetherial corpuscles inelastic implied that Fatio's aetherial corpuscles must also exert a drag resistance on the motion of celestial bodies.
Music was her secret consolation against his cruelty to her (he would often drag her across a room by the hair during his rages).
A drag chute would have been released from the rear of the X-38.
They  may have used timber rollers beneath the sledges, in order to reduce the manpower needed to drag the sledge.
The idling water jet does not cause drag, and since its nozzle can be placed further aft and higher it does not affect the size of the propellers.
Efforts were made to minimize surface-area, possibly to reduce drag.
This event is usually done on the same course as the Carry and Drag and is conducted as a race, but one competition in Sanya, China saw the competitors compete individually carrying the weights up a small set of stairs.
In contrast, in a displacement, or non-planing hull, the bottom is curved in side view (the curvature is called "rocker") all the way from bow to stern, in order to minimize wave drag.
It has six separate tracks, including a test oval and a drag strip.
These characteristics led to lower drag at high speed compared to other ships of similar length, as well as great stability which translated into the ability to carry sail in high winds (more power in extreme conditions).
It had a 0.36 to 0.34 drag coefficient from upgraded body panels and a 12V/300V battery system.
The body featured a drag coefficient of 0.35, with a frontal area of  giving aerodynamic resistance of .
The X-8 recovery sequence was normally started as the rocket descended through about  feet when the fins were blown off to induce a drag producing tumble.
The pipe, which is fitted with a dredge drag head, loads the dredge spoil into one or more hoppers in the vessel.
This is achieved principally using self discharge bucket wheel, drag scraper or excavator via conveyor systems.
In 1970, the drag queen caucus of the GLF, including Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera, formed the group Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR), which focused on providing support for gay prisoners, housing for homeless gay youth and street people, especially other young "street queens".
Sedan models had a drag coefficient of 0.32, while coupes were only 0.30.
It hosts one of the largest drag racing events in Europe, known as the NitrOlympx, and was one of the last Top Fuel circuits to race to  before the FIA switched the nitro categories to the now-recognised  distance in 2012.
The drag strip is only used for two events in August, the Public Race Days and the  main event a week later.
The drag strip in 2008 was christened Rico Anthes Quartermile after the German former Top Fuel driver and long-time organizer of the NitrolympX had retired in 2007.
They do not consume their prey in the open; rather, they drag it back to their burrow and begin the digesting process.
Mooneys derive their performance from a clean airframe, small cabin cross-section, and drag reducing refinements over the years.
The effects of drag and changing the engine thrust may also result in pitch moments that need to be compensated with the horizontal stabilizer.
Formula One cars are set up with one of the smallest wing angles on the F1 calendar to ensure the lowest level of drag on the straights.
The V40, with a drag coefficient of 0.32, was the first whole model to be introduced under the direction of the British designer Peter Horbury, Volvo’s design director, and was marketed in Australia, South America and the Far East.
Also in 2020, she appeared as a guest host in an episode of Canada's Drag Race and started webseries titled COXtales with Deborah Cox during the global COVID-19 pandemic.
The ships' propellers could be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail.
Both the Phantom and the Tornado carried the Skyflash in semi-recessed wells on the aircraft's underbelly to reduce drag.
Drag queens have sometimes adopted shaved heads to express a genderqueer image.
Fred blackmails Mary Lee into being his partner in deadly "hands-off drag racing", then prepares to take her to Tijuana to sell her into the slave trade.
It had a drag coefficient of 0.36.
Drag Coefficient: 0.31
In 1980 she put a man in a skirt on the stage as a matter of fact, rather than as drag.
An exceptional drag coefficient of 0.29 was achieved with the body design.
In such uses, fluidics is desirable for lower: mass, cost (up to 50% less), drag (up to 15% less during use), inertia (for faster, stronger control response), complexity (mechanically simpler, fewer or no moving parts or surfaces, less maintenance), and radar cross section for stealth.
Extensive modeling and wind tunnel tests resulted in a low drag coefficient for a conventional production vehicle of the time (Cd 0.29).
Speed along the fall line can be controlled by adjusting the angle of the slice; with the tails far apart more drag is created, slowing the skier.
During design, the body underwent extensive wind tunnel testing, to meet a planned 20 MPG fuel efficiency target (on its own, the standard front bumper spoiler added 1 MPG); its 0.45 drag coefficient bested that of the two-door Ford Mustang.
Where a conventional parachute could get caught in itself while unfolding or fail to inflate properly (thus not slowing the falling object as much as it should), the drogue parachute will inflate more easily and more reliably to generate the expected amount of drag.
When used to shorten an aircraft's landing, a drogue chute is called a drag parachute or braking parachute.
Árran, the Lule Sámi center in Drag, Norway
During the 1970s, it was owned by the drag artist Danny La Rue.
The Fuego was the first mass-produced four-seat sports model to be designed in a wind tunnel, resulting in a drag coefficient (Cd) factor ranging from 0.32 to 0.35.
Their lyrics made frequent reference to sex, drug overdoses, drag racing, boys, girls, dogs, cats and good times.
This design simplified rigging and reduced flying wire vibration, reducing drag.
Because of the terrain and the incorporation of a road course and drag strip, designers had to build a "dogleg" into the backstretch.
Drag coefficient was lowered, despite growing in overall dimensions to the benefit of interior space.
If other forces such as drag or thrust are significant, they must be added vectorially to those of gravity when performing the integration to determine future position and velocity.
Because even satellites in low Earth orbit experience significant perturbations from Earth's non-spherical shape, Solar Radiation Pressure, Moon Tidal Effects, and Atmospheric Drag, the Keplerian elements computed from the state vector at any moment are only valid for a short period of time and need to be recomputed often to determine a valid object state.
The Pro Stock Showdown is a preseason drag meet held for the Pro Stock teams held at The Strip at Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
The user interacts with the user interface (GUI), including file transfer by drag and drop and notifications via Growl.
The dust is constantly being removed from the main ring by a combination of Poynting–Robertson drag and electromagnetic forces from the Jovian magnetosphere.
These particles initially retain the same orbits as their moons but then gradually spiral inward by Poynting–Robertson drag.
The ring is almost devoid of dust, possibly due to the aerodynamic drag from Uranus's extended atmospheric corona.
For spacecraft in a low orbit, the effects of atmospheric drag must often be compensated for, often to avoid re-entry; for missions requiring the orbit to be accurately synchronized with the earth’s rotation, this is necessary to prevent a shortening of the orbital period.
Due to atmospheric drag the space station is constantly losing orbital energy.
GOCE which orbited at 255 km (later reduced to 235 km) used ion thrusters to provide up to 20 mN of thrust to compensate for the drag on its frontal area of about 1 m2.
... Best of all, it moves quickly, avoiding the tendency to drag out the foreshadowing that afflicts many manga of this type (and even CLAMP's own series X)."
 Optimizing the use of Active Grille Shutters to reduce aerodynamic drag under more driving and temperature conditions including cold weather, during air conditioner use and when the engine coolant temperature is higher
During the bombardment of the island Haviland sent Rogers' four ranger companies as well as light infantry and a force of Indians to drag three cannon through the forest and swamps further down to the rear of the French position.
Ho Ho Ho, also known as VH-1 Presents RuPaul: Ho Ho Ho, is a 1997 Christmas album and the third studio album by American singer and drag queen RuPaul.
In an interview with Queerty, American drag queen Hedda Lettuce revealed that RuPaul's cover of "Hard Candy Christmas" was her least favorite Christmas song of all time; Lettuce said that the song "makes [him] want to shove a candy cane in [his] eye".
Before the release of this album, he had done some modeling work as a drag queen, hence the album title.
RuPaul speaks about society and the state of drag as performance art
While doing a stand-up comedy act, Rhodes said on March 22, 2008:"Geraldine Ferraro turned out to be the David Duke in drag ... What a whore Geraldine Ferraro is!
By late morning, a total of 113 bodies and two wounded had been found, while numerous drag marks and blood trails indicated many more casualties had been moved the previous night.
In both cases heavy chains are attached to the ship and the drag effect is used to slow the vessel once afloat until tugboats can move the hull to a jetty for fitting out.
After 51 Series 1 aircraft had been built, production switched to the Series 2, featuring retractable landing gear, which reduced drag and fuel consumption, and increased the top speed marginally.
Limitation of the bow of sticks to limit the increasing use and power of drag flicks.
Mrs. Wick (Richard Chamberlain) – Nigel Wick's "Mum" Maggie, played by Chamberlain in drag.
In Portraits (1993–1997) she presents a variety of identities among the queer community such as drag kings, cross dressers, and F-to-M transexuals.
In order to reduce weight and drag some of the production aircraft were fitted with a normal "V" type undercarriage.
By closing in the open grille of the first generation Z-car and through other improvements taken from wind-tunnel testing, the drag coefficient was reduced from 0.467 to 0.385, and the lift coefficient from 0.41 to 0.14.
The motor itself is still popular today in Australian and New Zealand motorsport and drag racing in VL Commodores, R31 Skylines and swaps in other vehicles.
Total production for 1966 was 1,373 fastbacks, including two prototypes and four drag cars, and the 252 early production models with Ford Mustang 1965 bodies.
It includes a Kenne Bell supercharger, a modified air intake sticking out of the hood in the tilt front end, a five-point Impact safety harness, a Borla side exhaust system, front and rear adjustable BMR racing suspension and drag tires with optional street tires.
According to Ford, the changes have resulted in a 14-percent reduction in drag and a 66-percent increase in front-end downforce.
The GT350 now gets the grille from the GT350R, which has fewer openings, creating less front-end drag.
In addition, szlachta did not think highly of the Swedes, and did not expect this war to drag long or be difficult.
See also gravity drag.
On drag slicks, it ran an 11.83-second pass at 123 mph (198 km/h) in 70 °F (21 °C) weather.
These were described as funny cars and a new genre of drag racers.
This testing of the car, as well as the Junior Johnson team's testing, revealed that while it looked fairly aerodynamic, the bodystyle actually had a very high coefficient of drag that made it incapable of speeds over 185 mph.
A launch and whaleboat side by side, connected to the other launch and whaleboat by a rope with a chain drag in the center, swept the channel.
 James "Jimbo" Insell, Canadian theatrical designer and drag queen
Fluid bearings, where the axial thrust is supported on a thin layer of pressurized liquid—these give low drag.
Tabs may be organizable by changing their order through drag and drop or creating a separate window from an existing tab.
Flaps also cause an increase in drag so they are retracted when not needed.
Extending the flaps also increases the drag coefficient of the aircraft.
The higher lift and drag associated with fully extended flaps allows a steeper and slower approach to the landing site, but imposes handling difficulties in aircraft with very low wing loading (i.e.
This reduces the balancing load required on the horizontal stabilizer, which in turn reduces the trim drag associated with keeping the glider in longitudinal trim.
Interference in the go-around case while the flaps are still fully deployed can cause increased drag which must not compromise the climb gradient.
When not in use, it has more drag than other types, but is more effective at creating additional lift than a plain or split flap, while retaining their mechanical simplicity.
Spoilers are intended to create drag and reduce lift by "spoiling" the airflow over the wing.
Many of the 31st Division were too enfeebled to drag themselves further south than Ukhrul (near the Sangshak battlefield), where hospitals had been set up, but with no medicines, medical staff or food, or Humine  south of Ukhrul, where Sato vainly hoped to find supplies.
Its performance was little better than the S.E.5a, with the extra drag of the big upper wing offsetting gains from the more streamlined fuselage.
Adding items to increase drag can convert this to a sea anchor.
While the purpose of the anchor is to provide drag to slow the vessel, there are a number of ways this can be used:
In August 2004, Richards began appearing in drag as "The Mystery Woman" during Victoria's matches, helping her win.
Barges were equipped with roped weights, which were thrown overboard to increase the drag thereby reducing the barge speed when needed.
Advanced moves include rolling under shots, jumping on and biting off enemies' heads, temporarily scaring other enemies, and digging underground to drag enemies down with them.
The cross-shaped version used longer plates to lower drag resistance but needed more clearance under the fuselage.
A staple gimmick present in lucha libre since the 1950s is exótico, a character in drag.
 Yellow Contraband (1928) - Drag Conners
In book II he presented the theoretical derivation of the essence of the drag equation.
Blameless in Abaddon (Harcourt Brace, 1996), a modern-dress version of the Book of Job, turns on the plight of Martin Candle, a small-town, small-time magistrate who, sorely afflicted with cancer, resolves to drag God before the World Court and prosecute him for his seeming indifference to human suffering.
It hosts two FIA European Drag Races per year.
She also performed in New York City as a drag queen under the moniker Miss Y, including at the Wigstock festival.
ʉl            1. a lobster                  2. to pull, drag
/ Even if one manages to get out, others will immediately drag him back in!"
Wind tunnel experiments have demonstrated that sustaining a high-lift coefficient at the expense of high drag was likely the most efficient strategy for Microraptor when gliding between low elevations.
The feathers not directly employed in the biplane wing structure, like those on the tibia and the tail, could have been used to control drag and alter the flight path, trajectory, etc.
Typically, mounting the tail was done with a complex wire-braced framework that created a lot of drag.
Efficiency can be gained by mounting a propeller behind the fuselage, because it re-energizes the boundary layer developed on the body, and reduces the form drag by keeping the flow attached to the fuselage.
The increased weight and drag degrades performance compared with a similar tractor type.
Flair once again intervened (this time in drag to avoid revealing his presence) and managed to cost Vader the match by getting himself carried by Hogan as he touched all four turnbuckle pads.
The Apex's wing was designed by Dr Mark Drela of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and mounted a "wake rake" containing sensors to measure drag behind the wing.
 Celebrated Queer/gay drag performer Divine: As a part of their performance, they constantly swore at the audience, historically, and often using their signature line of "fuck you very much."
This decreased trim drag, thus improving range.
The cockpit design originally featured a canopy, but low drag requirements for high speed suggested that it be removed.
The TB48DE engine is easily modifiable and is shown to be able to handle over 2,000 hp (1,491 kW) for several sand hills and sand drag challenges in the region.
The wheels were incorporated into wingtip fairings without much drag penalty and the tandem layout gave safe stalling characteristics.
In 2010, she appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race.
He tried streamlining the shape to reduce drag, but this resulted in a disc that was more unstable in flight.
Cross-gender casting was common, as was casting non-professional actors, such as drag queens or other "street stars".
In my opinion, John Vaccaro was more important than Charles Ludlam, because Ludlam followed theatrical traditions and used a lot of drag.
Vaccaro made a distinction between theater people and gay people using the theater for camp and/or drag performances.
Marcius and Aufidius meet in single combat, which ends only when Aufidius' own soldiers drag him away from the battle.
Drag My Body 7" - Uncle M (2012) Picture Disc.
Your Sinclair said it was "all great fun for a while but being a monster can become a drag.
Drag (Cd) is at 0.33.
It tells the story of a transgender drag queen with the stage name Zahara, whose birth name is Ignacio.
Above Re on the order of 105 at the drag crisis, vortex shedding becomes irregular and turbulence sets in.
Similarly, the written Torah prohibits plowing on the Sabbath; the Oral Torah prohibits carrying a stick on the Sabbath to ensure that one does not drag the stick and accidentally engage in prohibited plowing.
The coupling between two carriages of a Ballymena to Belfast train broke and a first class coach fell on it side but fortunately did not drag other vehicles with it.
After re-evaluating the design, and noting that the insignificant drag decrease was not worth the added weight and ducting problems, the second prototype, which was assigned the model number V-48X and registration NX19999, was modified with a conventional cowl and the first aircraft were similarly modified.
As the different investigations cross paths, their rival and nemesis (Isabelle Huppert) tries to drag their clients into her own views on the meaning of their lives.
It relates the thrust, weight, aerodynamic drag, wing area, and other flight characteristics of an aircraft into a quantitative model.
The other parts of this model (thrust, drag, and weight) may say that a plane is excellent but a good fighter must also go fast.
As with the gliders, the pilot flew lying on his stomach on the lower wing with his head toward the front of the craft in an effort to reduce drag.
Because they sing their own songs (a rarity for queens), they are hired, and their variety show (at first titled What a Drag (Pun Intended!)
With the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience (who think it is part of their act), Connie and Carla take them down.
Funny Girl – Connie and Carla sing "Don't Rain on My Parade", part of their performance in What a Drag (Pun Intended!)
A drone swarm may undertake different flight formations to reduce overall energy consumption due to drag forces.
Close-ups were used to finish the fight, as Bruce struggled and had to drag his leg, which was covered up with, and contributed to, his character's worn out, exhausted appearance.
This configuration, which can be stable without a horizontal tailplane and a conventional vertical rudder, is now a standard in later stealth unmanned aerial vehicles such as the X-45 and X-47, tailless aircraft which use drag rudders (asymmetrically-used wingtip airbrakes) for yaw control.
The BT55 was a lowline car with a reduced frontal area, the idea being to have a cleaner airflow over the car to create more downforce, while at the same time reducing the car's drag.
Drag curl: Hold the barbell with shoulder-width underhand grip in a standing position.
As a result, the smaller wheel weighs less and causes less parasitic drag.
Monowheel gear is also used on some powered aircraft, where drag reduction is a priority, such as the Europa XS.
Several weeks after they first met, Harris traveled to the small town of Beaver, Utah and filmed Gary, an Olivia Newton-John obsessive, as he staged a talent show that featured Gary dressed in full drag singing the Newton-John song "Please Don't Keep Me Waiting".
 Cheap or poorly aligned dynamos produce noticeable drag
Julie Newmar (1995), which is about drag queens, and Smoke Signals (1998), which is about two Indigenous men.
It has a drag coefficient (Cd) of 0.26 for the sedan/saloon, slightly higher for the hatchback.
Bemelmans's first novel, Madeline, was briefly satirized on a February 2020 episode of Saturday Night Live by comedian and drag performer Ru Paul.
The administrators announced that they were aiming to keep the company as a going concern over the crucial Christmas period, although analysts feared that any heavy discounting would create a domino effect and drag down other high street retailers.
He is one of the most dominant drag racers in the sport with 154 career victories.
His nickname among several of the drivers, as well as several announcers within the sport of drag racing is "Brute Force", a nickname he earned by his dominating wins during his run of ten straight NHRA championships.
In 2001, John had longtime friend and fellow drag racer Gary Densham drive a third car.
 Selected as "Driver of the Year" for all of American motor racing in 1996 by a national panel of motorsports journalists, the first drag racer ever so honored.
Ashley Force Hood (born November 29, 1982) is a former Top Fuel Funny Car (TF/FC) drag racer for John Force Racing.
The ski area comprises 15 aerial tramways, 45 chairlifts and 28 drag lifts.The White Ring, the world's longest ski circuit (22 km), is located within the Ski Arlberg area.
Some of the drop tank's fuel is used to overcome the added drag and weight of the tank itself.
CFTs produce less drag and do not take up external hardpoints; however, some versions can only be removed on the ground.
commercial break that Testaverde was so dumb that he would drag the electric cord through his swimming pool while trimming the hedges, and claimed himself to be a better quarterback (Upshaw was a retired offensive guard) than Testaverde.
The role of apparent weight is also important in fluidization, when dealing with a number of particles, as it is the amount of force that the "upward drag force" needs to overcome in order for the particles to rise and for fluidization to occur.
Previous entertainment has included various local and international DJ's, performers such as Marcia Hines, Operator Please and TV Rock as well as drag shows.
The cars' backlights were also laid down at 60°, and the rear deck was raised, reducing drag and resulting in greater fuel efficiency.
The four door returned a drag coefficient of 0.37.
The F-111C and F-111F carried the Pave Tack pod on a rotating carriage in its internal bomb bay, retracting it when not in use to reduce drag and protect the sensors from damage.
Conformal fuel tanks are mounted above the wings to replace the drag of underwing tanks.
I'd have a theatrical revue with four drag queens.
On Our Death Day b/w And It's Such A Drag (2019, Need To Know)
Nike worked with the aerodynamics expert Robby Ketchell at the University of New Hampshire to experiment with and select a formation of pacemakers that would best minimize drag on the professionals it sponsored in the project it termed Breaking2.
The combination of running downhill and running across the zone of lowest aerodynamic drag allows the trailing car to carry extra speed and pass on the inside of the leader.
The drag force is proportional to the cross-sectional area of a body (e.g.
The motor naturally stops accelerating when the drag of the train matches the torque produced by the motors.
If the train starts to descend a grade, the speed increases because the (reduced) drag is less than the torque.
Such cores, sometimes reinforced by wires, are used to create under-cut profiles and cavities which cannot be molded with the cope and drag, such as the interior passages of valves or cooling passages in engine blocks.
The drag is made in the same way (without the sprue and pouring cup).
In 2021 "I Love Myself Today" was used as a lip sync number in a second season episode of Canada's Drag Race, in which Bif Naked appeared as a guest judge.
In an effort to overcome the restrictive exhaust-port design of the Nailhead, Buick drag racing enthusiasts in the 1960s adapted superchargers with a custom camshaft to feed intake air in through the exhaust ports; the larger intake ports became the exhaust outlets.
The turbulent boundary layer is able to remain attached to the surface of the ball much longer than a laminar boundary with less eddies and so creates a narrower low-pressure wake and hence less pressure drag.
The Sniper is a single, lightweight targeting pod with much lower aerodynamic drag than the systems it replaces .
1986 What a Drag
A travois (; Canadian French, from French , a frame for restraining horses; also obsolete travoy or travoise) is a historical frame structure that was used by indigenous peoples, notably the Plains Aboriginals of North America, to drag loads over land.
He said the "annexation of the Golan Heights was another step which could eventually drag the U.S. into a nuclear war."
 Video: Steve Lockett's 10.9 pass beats a Camaro at the drag strip
This formation of scales allows efficient drag reduction and enhanced high-speed velocity capabilities, a morphotype seen only in the fastest known sharks.
However, small-scale conflict continued to drag on; as of November 2007, it had spread across other parts of the Russian Caucasus.
During its design, an emphasis had been placed on minimizing drag by making the vehicle as small as possible.
Hendrick began drag racing at age 14 in a self built 1931 Chevrolet.
Several plans for her future were considered, including floating her enough to drag her ashore, where she would be dismantled.
The redesign had the after effect of lowering the WK's drag coefficient to 0.30.
 Bona Drag (compilation, 1990)
Turbomolecular pumps (especially compound pumps which incorporate a molecular drag section and/or magnetic bearing types)
This minimizes water contact with the torpedo, significantly reducing drag.
This design had the effect of reducing drag and increasing the handling capabilities of the board; the new surfboard fin, which Greenough called a "high aspect ratio fin", was an elegantly functional piece of equipment, but took around three years to become popular.
Commonly known as a "rail", "digger", or "slingshot", it is now considered obsolete, and is used only in nostalgia drag racing.
Since then the name Santa Pod has become synonymous with the sport of drag racing in Europe.
Santa Pod is the venue at which the current world drag racing record, a time of 3.58 seconds at 386.26 mph (621.61 km/h) was set by Sammy  Miller in his Vanishing Point rocket-propelled funny car in July 1984.
In 2019, Richie starred as retired drag queen Hugo Battersby/ Loco Chanelle in the hit musical Everybody's Talking About Jamie at the Apollo Theatre.
The difference in results between Delaware and Utah may be due to the higher, thinner, drier air found in Utah providing less resistance and drag, thus greater range.
As Pantsdown, he is a drag queen whose taste in fashion parodies Hanson's, and is best known for the songs "Backdoor Man" and "I Don't Like It".
Paul and Nichole arrive on the scene searching for Jennifer just as the police drag her, in hysterics, out of the strip club.
The model, developed by Mike Picone, Alan Hedin, and Doug Drob, is based on the earlier models MSIS-86 and MSISE-90, but updated with actual satellite drag data.
Female Figure includes trans women, cisgender women and drag queens, while Male Figure includes  butch queens, butch women and cisgender men.
 Drag and drop to download and upload.
Vector paths are constructed of anchor points and path segments by using the pointing device to click and drag.
Art and Walt continued their drag racing partnership with a series of Green Monster cars until the late 1950s, parting amicably but competing against each other.
He held the Unlimited Drag Racing Record and was a champion Tractor Puller.
The Exige Cup 380 generates  of downforce at its maximum speed of ; the top speed is reduced due to excess downforce and more drag.
Once clear of Migault it quickly became clear that Lauda lacked the pace to keep with the leading duo without a tow, and so he tactfully allowed Scheckter past to claim his tow and drag himself back into contention.
Stefan Johansson had managed to drag the Onyx not only through pre-qualifying but also onto the grid and drove a steady race to be running in 7th place just outside the points before having to retire on lap 50 with suspension damage from a previous puncture.
It has a length-to-diameter ratio of about 8:1, and results in minimal drag for the carrier aircraft.
When 'Big Raven', a deity in human form, found a stranded whale, he was told by the Great Spirit where to find special mushrooms that would give him the strength to drag the whale back to the sea and thus return order to the world (Siebert 2011, pp.
For over a thousand years after this, paper aircraft were the dominant man-made heavier-than-air craft whose principles could be readily appreciated, though thanks to their high drag coefficients, not of an exceptional performance when gliding over long distances.
Innovations include functional wheeled undercarriage which does not contribute to the drag budget while permitting good landings.
Origami types will have 'ludicrous' or very high cambers in comparison with more marginally performing scale types, whose escalating masses demand higher flying speeds and so lower induced drag from high camber, though this will vary depending on type being modelled.
The Vita states that "out of hatred of her father that kings, queens, and even priests... wished to drag her from her place" and steal Wulfetrude's property.
From this point on, the drag element was de-emphasized and the show moved closer to the creators' original concept of a regular buddy comedy.
First, water striders' motion was assumed to rely on the generation of capillary waves, since the propulsive force was thought to be that associated with wave drag on the driving leg.
Animal locomotion requires energy to overcome various forces including friction, drag, inertia and gravity, although the influence of these depends on the circumstances.
Drag is also an energetic influence in flight, and the aerodynamically efficient body shapes of flying birds indicate how they have evolved to cope with this.
No One Rides for Free marked the beginning of the band's heavy focus on muscle cars and drag racing, common themes in the stoner rock genre.
Moreover, the need to reduce the extreme drag encountered at high speeds determined the Hayabusa's entire bulbous, and much-criticized, bodywork design.
The low aspect ratio of square-rigged sails (usually  to ) produces much drag for the lift (motive power) produced, so they have poor performance to windward compared to modern yachts, and they cannot sail as close to the wind.
This is especially common in the Western Indian Ocean on drag nets made from mosquito nets.
Generally, drag effects are minimized by doing tasks slowly in the water.
In order to master Drag mode, players must employ good timing and reflexes for gear shifting, redlining, overtaking, and the use of nitrous oxide boosts.
The only complaints critics had were the repetitive tracks, unbalanced rubberband AI, especially in the game's Easy mode, and the lack of free roam and damage in the game, with the latter only confining to detachment of licence plates and side mirrors from cars during collisions, especially during Drag races.
Following the encountering of greater-than-anticipated drag on early production aircraft, various aerodynamic improvements were implemented upon the next variant of the fighter, designated as the P.24C, which made up the majority of the Turkish order.
Riccardo Patrese returned to Brabham, where he was joined by Elio de Angelis; Gordon Murray produced for the team the unusual BT55, which had the BMW engine tilted over to make the car very low to reduce aerodynamic drag.
Historian George Chauncey, author of Gay New York: Gender, Urban Culture, and the Making of the Gay Male World, 1890–1940, wrote that during this period "perhaps nowhere were more men willing to venture out in public in drag than in Harlem".
The N1s, as a low-speed drag hauler, was limited to , while the I1s was capable of  or greater.
Many of these engines remain heavily used to this day in Drag Racing, Hydroplane racing, and Land Speed Racing at places like the Bonneville Salt Flats.
Based on the Volvo P2 platform, the second generation shared major mechanical and styling commonality with the Volvo S60 saloon, offered frontal area of  and a coefficient of drag of .30.
Drag racing is also heavily featured there.
Fearing a riot, the owner persuades the reluctant actor to perform in drag.
At low gas velocities, aerodynamic drag on each particle is also low, and thus the bed remains in a fixed state.
Further increasing the velocity, it will reach a critical value at which the upward drag forces will exactly equal the downward gravitational forces, causing the particles to become suspended within the fluid.
It was released on March 23, 2004 through independent record label Drag City.
In between his drag performances, his days as a hustler and his convictions of murder, his image as the legendary cabaret performance artist Madame Satã meaning Madam Satan having been influenced by the 1930s film by Cecil B. DeMille about a woman disguising herself as a notorious temptress to win back her errant husband.
Shade has an active part in an adventure of Jack's involving a demon hidden within a poster that can snatch innocent people and drag them into Hell.
Drag City (record label) compilation albums
They hatch a plan that involves Paul in drag.
The remaining enemy combatants then opened fire on the small party, wounding the two men with the lance corporal who, under heavy fire, made three journeys into the open, two to drag his comrades to safety and one to retrieve their Bren gun, with which he charged down and killed many of the enemy.
With styling by Daihatsu chief stylist Hiroshi Aoki and colleague Hideyuki Ueda, the more rounded design was able to reach a drag coefficient of .
There is significant evidence indicating that import drag racing first started in Southern California in the mid-1960s, with modified Volkswagen Beetles, Ford Populars and Austin A40 Devons: Documentation of quarter-mile passes were published in Hot Rod Magazine as early as August 1965.
eventually arose from the original Meiji Market Location, and then came huge drag racing events at Palmdale, California often packed in over 10,000 spectators per day.
Hydrofoils require significant speeds to work, but once the hull is lifted out of the water, the drag is significantly reduced.
Still, others maintain military expenditure is a drag on development.
She was designed to allow the ship's propeller to be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail, but the hoisting gear was never fitted.
Because her propeller could only be disconnected and not hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag, Minotaur only made  under sail.
The fins kept the clean downforce-inducing air on the top of the tail and allowed the angle of the deck to be reduced, reducing the drag in direct proportion.
For the French circuit's long, high speed straights, the factory developed special long tail bodywork that was designed for minimum drag and thus highest maximum speed.
Also, a new low drag version of the 917 was developed for Le Mans with support from the external consultant Robert Choulet.
The original specification of the car included a detachable long-tail (Langheck), that was designed using experience from the previous 907 long-tail coupes for minimum aerodynamic drag (with suspension controlled moving flaps).
Tight ends prior to Winslow were primarily blockers lined up next to an offensive lineman and ran short to medium drag routes.
Earl also bursts in, furious over the car and the credit card, threatening to drag Kyle back with him.
He wrote and starred in his early plays Off-off-Broadway beginning in 1978, generally in drag roles, and also acted in the works of other playwrights.
When I first started drag I wasn't this shy young man but a powerful woman.
As in his plays like Vampire Lesbians of Sodom and The Lady in Question, the skit illustrates Mr. Busch's skill at taking pop kitsch and using drag to give it several extra jolts of silliness.
Ben Brantley, in his The New York Times review, wrote that "Christopher is portrayed by the play's author, Charles Busch, a fabled drag performer who has hitherto seldom set foot on a New York stage without a glitzy dress and heels high enough to induce vertigo.
Mr. Busch, a popular crossover cross-dresser since his first hit spoof, Vampire Lesbians of Sodom, a decade ago, holds a special place in the world of drag.
"I'm an actor playing a role, but it's drag.
During his run in The Tribute Artist, Busch revealed that he also found inspiration in drag performers Charles Pierce and Mr. Lynne Carter.
However, the high drag caused by the launchers reduced the speed and maneuverability of the launching aircraft, a handicap that could prove fatal if Allied fighters were encountered.
Joe DiMaggio said he was a "Red Rolfe type of hitter," noting that Dark could "bunt or drag, hit behind the runner, or push the ball to the opposite field," which made him useful in the number two position in the batting lineup.
The wingtips are situated at the forelimb wrists and serve to form an airfoil which minimizes the effect of induced drag due to the formation of wingtip vortices.
This is particularly useful during landing as the flying squirrel is able to widen its pitch angle and induce more drag so as to decelerate and land safely.
Furthermore, the amount of drag on the wing of the robot was reduced by the use of retractable wingtips thereby allowing for improved gliding abilities.
The coefficient of drag (Cd value) of the four-door hardtop is 0.38.
Over the next 30 years he toured the UK in male revues and drag shows, as well as in variety shows at venues including working men's clubs, regional theatres and the Metropolitan in London.
Wingtip vortices are associated with induced drag, the imparting of downwash, and are a fundamental consequence of three-dimensional lift generation.
Wingtip vortices are associated with induced drag, an unavoidable consequence of three-dimensional lift generation.
For a given lift distribution and wing planform area, induced drag is reduced with increasing aspect ratio.
The NHRA drag strip ran south to north on the backstretch from the runoff to the Bosch Bridge (not shown in diagram), which crossed over the track about halfway between turns 8 & 9.
Defunct drag racing venues
The first full year of racing included the Indy-style open wheel Inaugural California 500 on September 6, 1970; the Miller High Life 500 stock car race on February 28, 1971, the NHRA Super Nationals drag race on November 21, 1970 and the Questor Grand Prix on March 28, 1971.
Blair St. Clair (born 1995), American drag queen
Turkish foreign minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu claimed Trump's wish to let the current US-Turkish tensions to drag on to the November 2018 US elections so to appeal to his Christian base and gain some points for his party.
Inspired by the New York City drag shows, it functioned as a dinner theatre featuring burlesque shows and plays with all-male casts.
Wigstock was an annual outdoor drag festival that began in 1984 in Manhattan's East Village that took place on Labor Day.
While home in Ohio over a summer break, he met local drag racer Raymond Beadle through lifelong friend Fred Miller.
Drag hunting is conducted in a similar manner to fox hunting, with a field of mounted riders following a pack of foxhounds hunting the trail of an artificial scent.
Like fox hunting, in the United Kingdom and Ireland the drag hunting season usually starts in mid-October and continues through autumn and winter, finishing in the spring.
Drag hunting soon became popular with the British Army, with the Household Cavalry establishing a pack in 1863 and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst and the Royal Military Academy Woolwich both establishing packs in 1870.
Hound trailing uses specially bred hounds to race over an approximately  course, with the hounds racing along a drag line.
Taking his cue from the Aetolians, Taurion agreed to drag Demetrius' ships across the Isthmus to bring them into play in the Gulf of Corinth, in return for Demetrius' assistance against the Aetolians.
Drag is a cover album by k.d.
There is a nursery slope with a free drag lift.
It features a 1.25-mile (2 kilometer) oval that hosts the NASCAR Cup Series, NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, and the NTT IndyCar Series, a  infield road course used by the SCCA, Porsche Club of America, and various car clubs, and a quarter-mile drag strip that hosts the annual National Hot Rod Association Midwest Nationals event.
One of the drag strip grandstands is named "The Darrell Russell Stand" in his memory.
Flounder and mullet are also plentiful using drag nets.
Additionally, SWATH vessels cannot operate in planing or semi-planing modes and thus gain no drag reduction when operating at speeds normally associated with such modes, require a complex control system, have a deeper draft, and have higher maintenance requirements.
Beanbag rounds may be wide and flat, designed for close range use, or elliptical in shape, with a fabric tail to provide drag stabilization, for longer range use.
Phylidia Featherbottom is an alter-ego of Tobias Fünke, dressed in drag and speaking in falsetto with an English accent.
In aeronautics, air brakes or speed brakes are a type of flight control surface used on an aircraft to increase the drag on the aircraft.
When not in use it conforms to the local streamlined profile of the aircraft in order to help minimise the drag.
In addition, the form drag created by the spoilers directly assists the braking effect.
Mines, then called "torpedoes", remained a danger to shipping in waters near Mobile, so Metacomet returned there to drag the Bay and Blakely Channel from 9 March-12 April.
His character was fully drawn, and behind the drag performer, the audience could see "a person driven to take a stand for himself – a notion that all people could relate to."
Albin is a drag queen and the star performer of La Cage aux Folles under the alias of "Zaza".
Georges then introduces the Dindons, dressed in drag as members of the nightclub's revue, and they escape the paparazzi with Jean-Michel and Anne behind them.
Les Cagelles, 12 ensemble drag performers who work at La Cage (six in the 2010 Broadway Revival) – Angelique, Bitelle, Chantal, Clo-Clo, Dermah, Hanna, Lo Singh, Mercedes, Monique, Nicole, Odette, and Phaedra.
According to his Hindu school of thought, as one cannot trust one's eyes before a trained magician, also the human five senses draw and drag us further into illusions and false conclusions.
His next design featured a host of advanced design features, not the least of which was a revolutionary winged keel, intended to lower the drag and to make the boat more stable and maneuverable in the water.
The leading end is usually rounded or pointed for reduced drag.
This is normally catastrophic for larger ships, and smaller yachts can be dismasted (i.e., lose their masts and rigging) due to the drag as the boat is forced to roll over.
To select multiple units of different types, the player can either "shift click" (hold down the shift key and click on each individual unit) or use "band-selection" (click and hold the mouse button on a piece of ground, then drag the cursor across the screen.
Mark 81 Snakeye fitted with a Mark 14 TRD (Tail Retarding Device) to increase the bomb's drag after release.
Later, the travois, a frame used to drag loads, was developed.
The Chionoecetes Family is Oregoniidae this order uses a drag power for their locomotion.
The officially reported drag coefficient was 0.35.
The Hare's subsequent performance in the drag is a parody of one of her songs popular at the time.
Additional, new features include a power lift-gate, active grille shutter system to reduce aerodynamic drag, Android Auto/Apple CarPlay on a 7-inch touch screen display with volume knob, 7-inch TFT instrument display and LED headlights.
Built at Novosibirsk, where Su-24s were constructed, this aircraft was visibly different from the original prototype; it had modified vertical stabilizers, twin tandem main undercarriage and a longer "stinger", which houses an N012 rearward-facing warning radar, plus the drag chute and as well as fuel jettison outlet.
Having developed the AC Cobra/Shelby Cobra into a successful GT race car, he realised that the weakness of the open-cockpit sports cars at Le Mans was the aerodynamic drag which limited top speed on the  long Mulsanne Straight to around , nearly  less than the Ferrari 250 GTO, which itself could hold speeds of circa .
They wrote, "in Oobi's Bubbles, kids drag a bubble wand next to Oobi's 'mouth' so he can blow bubbles.
The explosion destroyed the aircraft's drag chute and damaged the hydraulics.
Unfortunately, demon Lucifer Jr. (the son of Satan himself), is determined to drag Little Joe to Hell.
Ziegfeld's/Secrets was a dual-themed nightclub in Washington, D.C., with Ziegfeld's featuring drag queens, and Secrets featuring strippers.
The shows lasted approximately an hour and featured five drag queens doing various performances for packed crowds.
As mayor, he appeared at the 2010 Gay Pride parade as a drag queen, posted a video holiday greeting wearing a Darth Vader mask and a Santa Claus cap, and suggested a merger with neighboring municipality Kópavogur.
 "Lady Luck", by Drag from The Way Out
Previous US submarines had small fairwaters to reduce drag and improve submerged speed.
Ly Tong dressed up in drag to escape security and pepper spray the singer in the face as he was being handed a flower on stage.
 Mado Lamotte – drag queen and author
They are thus often used as thickeners, emulsifiers, conditioners, clarifying agents, and even drag reducers.
A dry-sump system removes oil from the crankcase, along with the possibility of such viscous drag.
A sailboat or motorsailer when voyaging on sail alone will benefit from reduced drag, and just like an aeronautical propeller, a marine VPP may be "feathered" to give the least water resistance when sailing without using power.
Beyond this point the nozzle diameter becomes the biggest diameter and starts to incur increasing drag.
Ichthyostega and Acanthostega had paddle-like polydactyl feet with stout bony toes that also would have enabled them to drag themselves across land.
Because air-launched projectiles experience friction with air molecules, drag increases proportionally to increased projectile surface area, which results in slower velocities the larger the surface area of a projectile is.
He competed professionally in motorcycle, sports car, CART, IndyCar, Formula One, and drag racing.
Ongais came into the pits on lap 63 as the leader of the race, but problems during the stop caused it to drag on for a disastrous 46 seconds.
Rebeca goes to see Letal's final drag performance.
The arrestor hook was changed to a dorsal hook that would diminish the drag from the apparatus.
In a conventional aircraft, these wingtip vortices carry a lot of energy with them and hence create drag.
This caused less drag than having no waterbottle at all.
Another light engine had been sent from Hawes Junction and its crew tried to drag the rear coaches away from the fire but could move only the brake vans at the rear of the train.
The ballute is an inflatable device used to generate drag.
For the 2E, Hall used a symmetrical wing that would create minimal drag in the neutral position, but substantial downforce when tilted downward in the turns.
On March 21, 2006, political consultant Matt Towery of Insider Advantage released a poll showing Reed represented an eight-point drag on the Perdue ticket.
He also drove a Lotus 23-BRM sports car at the Drag Festival.
National Hot Rod Association racing: Aaron's sponsored Don Schumacher Racing in the NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series.
Reducing aerodynamic drag was another primary design goal.
The facelift results in a drag coefficient of 0.27cd.
The rear hatch gets a larger glass panel in the hatch with the change of wing, which combines to raise the coefficient of drag.
Craig Revel Horwood (born 4 January 1965) is an Australian-British author, ballroom dancer, choreographer, conductor, theatre director, and former drag queen in the United Kingdom.
For example, both OneWeb and SpaceX have committed to the FCC regulatory authorities that decommissioned satellites will decay to a lower orbit — a disposal orbit—where the satellite orbital altitude would decay due to atmospheric drag and then naturally reenter the atmosphere and burn up within one year of end-of-life.
New bumpers, side skirts, rear lip spoiler and underbody panels lowered the drag coefficient by 0.02 to 0.33 and simultaneously reduced lift.
For lunar flights, the Apollo command and service module did not require retrorockets to return the command module to Earth, as the flight path took the module through the atmosphere, using atmospheric drag to reduce velocity.
The drag strip was originally a runway built for training British Commonwealth pilots during the Second World War.
The roots of the lowermost corm in a chain are contractile roots and drag the corm deeper into the ground where conditions allow.
The uniqueness of its design was in the combination of a small, aerodynamic, highly maneuverable plane, with sophisticated, software-rich systems, low armed drag, and the ability to carry a large payload at high speed and over long distances.
Gayle originally manifested as moffietaal (Afrikaans: literally, "homosexual language") in the drag culture of the Cape Coloured community in the 1950s.
Its elliptical shape and comparatively small cross-section provided torsional rigidity and reduced drag.
Laminar-flow control is a technology that offers the potential for significant improvement in drag coefficient which would provide improvements in aircraft fuel usage, range or endurance that far exceed any known single aeronautical technology.
The frictional force between the air and the aircraft surface, known as viscous drag, is much larger in a turbulent boundary layer than in a laminar one.
He developed an interest in music at a young age, and was involved in several short-lived bands, as well as briefly performing in the backing band of drag performer Divine.
This can reduce drag while swimming when the bladder is deflated.
The new spitzer bullet style was partially responsible for the cartridge's improved performance as it significantly reduced air drag within normal combat ranges and withstood higher accelerations in the barrel.
The Long Beach circuit was not particularly suited for cars that generate much downforce, and the new Lotus, with its higher aerodynamic drag, could not match the straight line speed of Scheckter's Wolf; Andretti continually closed in through the corners, but could not find a way past.
By assisting the tractor to maintain traction from a combined drag and rotary force to the axle, which kept the rear driving wheels on the ground, the front steering wheels had improved contact with the ground.
The "SpeedHawk" aircraft includes an SPU (third engine), high forward-swept wing concept, a 45-inch "fuselage plug" cabin extension, and several other drag reducing and performance-oriented improvements, including a rotor hub fairing, landing gear streamlining, and a fly-by-wire flight control system.
Simulation of water flow on 3D models showed that more elongated necks, such as those of elasmosaurids, did not increase drag force while swimming compared to shorter necked plesiosaurs.
In 1988 Royko wrote of Shiller, "her main motive was that she was building a political power base, which included as many winos as she and Coleman could drag to the voting booth."
Since wind tunnel tests showed that a 16-side transverse section had about the same drag as a circular one, both R100 and R101 used a smaller number of longitudinal girders than previous airships to simplify stress calculations.
Some sleds are faired to reduce drag on the diver.
The effect of swimming with a head up angle of about 15°, as is quite common in poorly trimmed divers, can be an increase in drag in the order of 50%.
dB Drag Racing Website
Don't drag me to Petrograd.
Male drag queens have traditionally been called "female impersonators", although this terminology is now considered outdated.
In North America, Castrol has been an active sponsor of NHRA drag racing.
Castrol was the title sponsor of Team Bray, owned by Australian drag car legend, Victor Bray for 17 years.
Much of the operating cost of a drop tower is due to the need for evacuation of the drop tube, to eliminate the effect of aerodynamic drag.
Both hardpoint-mounted and conformal-mount gun pods also cause substantial drag on fast-moving vehicles such as fighter aircraft.
One brother is a professional stand-up comedian and another brother is a performing drag queen.
In 2010, Nunn appeared as a guest judge on season two of RuPaul's Drag Race, mentoring the contestants in a rock-themed singing challenge.
The drag coefficient has been reduced to 0.35.
In 2012, he appeared as a celebrity judge on RuPaul's Drag Race (season 4, episode 2).
The space between the teeth is filled with nonmagnetic material, to give the rotor a smooth surface to decrease aerodynamic drag.
While traditional drag racing separates cars into a wide variety of classes based on power and weight, bracket racing classes can be simpler, and can accommodate any vehicle with basic technical/safety inspection.
Basics of Drag Racing: E.T.
When the bomb has reached a 40° angle due to the parachute's drag, it fires a rocket booster that accelerates it into the runway surface.
In labriform locomotion, seen in the wrasses (Labriformes), oscillatory movements of pectoral fins are either drag based or lift based.
Predominantly BCF swimmers often incorporate movement of their pectoral, anal, and dorsal fins as an additional stabilizing mechanism at slower speeds, but hold them close to their body at high speeds to improve streamlining and reducing drag.
This suggests a minimization of overall drag and maximization of volume.
They grab such prey in their powerful jaws, drag it into the water, and hold it underneath until it drowns.
He later became involved in the new sport of drag racing.
 Lions the Greatest Drag Strip Part One at nhramuseum.org
According to Dunning, "The 1824 Presidential election was notoriously malicious, and it seems hard to believe that his opponent would have overlooked the opportunity to drag him through the mud for having lost a fight to a witch."
In the episode, Davidson sings in drag while impersonating such notables as Carol Channing, singing "Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend."
V tail: A V-tail can be lighter than a conventional tail in some situations and produce less drag, as on the Fouga Magister trainer, Northrop Grumman RQ-4 Global Hawk RPV and X-37 spacecraft.
Though still used and taught by drummers and drum teachers in practice, the 3 Stroke Ruff and 4 Stroke Ruff are not officially listed on the NARD or PAS rudiment sheets and the term Drag has eclipsed Ruff (or Rough) for the double stroked rudiments, in both open or closed execution, according to the current PAS standard terminology.
He was instrumental in establishing drag racing as a legitimate amateur and professional motorsport.
The Pritchards' dog Old Blue joins the fight, provoking Old Dan and Little Ann to attack Old Blue to drag him away from Billy.
They get hit by a motorcyclist that they drag home with the intention of having their mother avenge them.
He is reduced to performing bawdy songs in drag in music halls, while Maria's career thrives, although her ability to emulate Kynaston falls short because, as she says, Kynaston never fights as a woman would do.
Bob Atchison (born 1941), Canadian drag racer
The third generation ES was also slightly longer (overall length increased by ) but weighed less than the previous model, and its drag coefficient was , improved over its predecessor.
The drag coefficient was Cd 0.28.
 Adore Delano (born 1989), US drag queen, singer/songwriter, television personality
Because many people thought that Twain wrote in The Union building, whenever The Union was struggling financially during the turn of the 20th century, the owners would drag out an old desk and sell it for a princely sum as "the desk where Mark Twain sat."
It was tested by Top Gear's The Stig along with James May and achieved a lap time around their test track of 1:17.8, beating the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 tested during the same episode, but lost in a quarter mile drag race against the Veyron by nearly 2.5 seconds.
Moltke hoped that if a European war broke out, it would be resolved swiftly, but he also conceded that it might drag on for years, wreaking immeasurable ruin.
In May 2021, she said: "I will do everything I can to ensure that [Trump] never again gets anywhere near the Oval Office" and "we cannot let the former president drag us backward and make us complicit in his efforts to unravel our democracy."
It takes nearly seven 49ers defenders to finally drag him down, some of which are carried for almost 20 yards, including future Hall of Famer Ronnie Lott.
Divine also nailed a difficult outdoor stunt involving crossing a real river in drag in the sleet and rain.
The show is free, but the various performers must persuade and even physically drag reluctant passers-by to attend.
In 1999, Ammiano came into conflict with San Francisco's Roman Catholic community when the Board of Supervisors, at Ammiano's request, granted the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, a charity group of drag queen nuns, a street-closure permit for Castro Street for their 20th anniversary celebration on Easter Sunday.
A hook-studded apparatus was used to drag the bay, with no success.
Some swimsuits are designed specifically for swimming competitions where they may be constructed of a special low resistance fabric that reduces skin drag.
The tight fits allow for easy movement and are said to reduce muscle vibration, thus reducing drag.
The history of competitive swimwear has been dominated by concerns over public nudity in the first half of the 20th century and by efforts to reduce water drag in the second half.
This allows the swimmer to get more out of their training than they would without a drag suit.
The more worn-in, torn or ripped the drag suit, the more resistance it provides the swimmer.
Kneeskins are normally made of technologically advanced lycra-based fabrics designed to hug the body tightly and provide increased speed and decreased drag resistance in the water.
Swim caps are worn for various reasons: they can be worn to keep hair out of the swimmer's face, reduce drag, protect hair from chlorine or sun damage, keep hair dry, keep the head warm, or (sometimes in combination with earplugs) to keep water out of the ears.
Guests boarded an unusual 5-seat Rocket Rod before moving forward to a staging area similar to one used for drag racing.
All bays were equipped with electrically operated, inward retracting doors designed for minimum drag and camera lenses were electrically heated to prevent frost build-up.
When the sliding cowl ring was closed during flight, the cooling air was ducted through the nacelle to the rear exhaust orifice increasing thrust, rather than adding drag as is usually the case.
It should drag those Western fans out of their homes.
Moll and Lora encounter Ghidorah, who hypnotizes the latter and forces her to attack Moll, attempting to drag both into the dome, but Fairy saves Moll.
An in-studio guest question was asked by RuPaul's Drag Race UK finalist Baga Chipz and winner The Vivienne.
Oversize pistons for early drag racers or blown 430s were made, including sets by Jahns Pistons at 13:1 and  over standard bore.
Kade Gottlieb, Gottmik, finalist on RuPaul's Drag Race (season 13)
His soldiers had to trudge through mud to the forest to chop wood, then drag their mules out of the mud and head home.
Drag and lift were limited at the envisioned ground clearance for road use, but the design allowed for additional downforce when the car was set up for racing.
In 2021, contestant Symone wore an outfit with a durag, which extended to a train, on the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The Mk.1 featured an innovative design, using very small wheels for low drag and, although the car was quick, it was not the most reliable car in the field
He also has his own studio where he has produced such bands as Trigger Point, Giant Drag, The X-Ecutioners, the Deftones fifth record (Saturday Night Wrist) released by Maverick Records and most recently Will Haven´s fourth record The Hierophant.
While Mui Mui agrees with the idea, unfortunately for Love Heart, she is drag along by her teammates much to her annoyance.
Rough weather during the first night of the voyage forced Voyager to drag anchor and run aground, but she was pulled off soon thereafter.
 Janey Jacké (born 1992), Drag Queen
Some cutdowns have been used for drag racing.
The arboreal specialization of these terminal phalanges makes it impossible for the sloth to walk on the ground where the animal has to drag its body with its claws.
In the case of comets, nongravitational forces, such as radiation pressure and gas drag, must be taken into account.
In early 1976, spurred on by a disappointing lack of pace of the ageing Lotus 72 the previous season and the indifferent performance of the current Lotus 77, Lotus’ founder and principal design engineer Colin Chapman wrote a 27-page document detailing some new ideas on low drag air penetration.
Unfortunately after first tests were done, the low pressure area under the car was found to be too far forward, requiring a very large rear wing to be designed resulting in a lot of drag at high speeds.
Granville reasoned that a teardrop-shaped fuselage would have lower drag than a straight-tapered one, so the fuselage was wider than the engine at its widest point (at the wing attachment point[s], within the length of the wing chord).
It was taken up by drag racers, and Sperex soon began producing formulations specially made for the sport.
Bristol's concrete surface uses the treatment similarly to the launch pad for the drag strip, which is concrete.
The outdoor drag festival Wigstock, held in the park, is now part of the Howl Festival.
Paul Hirsch, the film's editor, agreed with the decision to obscure the incest theme, noting "I thought it was a mistake to drag incest into what was basically a romantic mystery, so I suggested to Brian 'What if it never happened?
Collectors, also known as drag members, transfer the diaphragm shear to shear walls and other vertical elements of the seismic force resisting system.
However, the thicker leg ropes has more drag in the water.
Week 7: Vicki tests the new Ferrari F12 Berlinetta, Jonny attempts to become the fastest drag race passenger, Tiff and Jason race each other in a dog fight find to find out which of the latest entry level hot hatches is the greatest, and the team test the latest car safety systems.
Joe Amato, five-time NHRA Top Fuel Champion Drag Racer
Sidney Gilliat has four great grandchildren: Charles (a drag queen named Miss Evie Lake), Jack Eliasch, Lara, and Alicia Horn.
Danny La Rue,  (born Daniel Patrick Carroll, 26 July 1927 – 31 May 2009) was an Irish singer and entertainer, best known for his on-stage drag persona.
 Drag reduction system, an adjustable bodywork component in motorsport
In July 2010, EMI announced that the label would be resurrected to release an "expanded 20th anniversary" release of Morrissey's Bona Drag.
Once it became apparent that the war against the Soviet Union would drag on much longer than expected, Heydrich revised his plans to concentrate on the Jewish population then under Nazi control.
Michael Okuda and Rick Sternbach submitted technical memos regarding the type of anomaly that might drag the Enterprise-C through time, and suggested interstellar, super-dense strings as a possibility.
Edmunds' Insideline managed to acquire an LFA from Lexus for one week and tested the LFA on the track including an impromptu grudge match on the drag strip.
Tanner Foust explained there was no way to retract the LFA wing spoiler (deploys automatically at 80 km/h (50 mph)) at high speeds increasing drag substantially, which had cost him 6–10 km/h (4–6 mph).
"Bracket style" has sometimes been referred to as a "gun drag race".
If the slug begins to yaw in flight, drag will tend to push the lightweight rear of the slug back into straight flight, stabilizing the slug.
As Mado Lamotte she was MC and DJ of Ciel Mon Mardi at Sky in the 1990s, before opening her own drag cabaret, Cabaret Mado, in Montreal's Gay Village in 2002.
She has made cameo appearances in the films Saved by the Belles and Cadavre Exquis premiere edition, and starred in the 2007 play Saving Céline, in which she (credited as Mado Lamotte, not Luc Provost) portrayed a drag queen obsessed by Céline Dion who becomes embroiled in a murder plot against the singer.
Using the Media Browser, users can drag and drop movies, photos and music directly into documents within the Pages application.
Users can drag and drop music, movies, and photos directly into Pages documents from the Media Browser window.
It was directed by David Mallet in February 1987, and also featured fellow Queen member Roger Taylor and actor Peter Straker in drag.
The police then drag Lee away and interrogate him.
The Strela-1 also had a warhead more than twice as heavy as the Strela-2, a proximity fuze, and more effective control surface configuration to provide better maneuverability at the cost of increased drag.
Daijiro Inada (founder of the Japanese D1 Grand Prix), the NHRA Funny Car drag racer Kenji Okazaki, and Keiichi Tsuchiya gave demonstrations in a Nissan 180SX that the magazine had brought over from Japan.
Extremely long lengths of chain are required for any appreciable drag effect from the chain alone.
Aja (born 1994), drag queen and performer
Outboard skids to provide friction drag on one side.
He disguises himself in drag, as Francesca, as a means to continue his search.
Crick makes a pass at Matthew in drag while he fights with Patty.
High-technology swimwear is designed to reduce drag and improve swimming performance.
This high-technology swimwear is designed to minimize drag while maximizing support to muscles.
High-technology swimwear is often made using bonded seams, to reduce further drag.
On some planes the landing gear retracts during flight to reduce drag.
As a supersonic wing, it combines high strength with low drag and so is often used for fast jets.
Fossil impressions show that the skin was relatively smooth, not scaled, and this may have reduced form drag.
The width of the ploughed strip is fairly narrow, to avoid having to drag the plough too far across the headland.
In 1995, he played a confused Highway patrolman searching for a car with three drag queens (played by Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes, and John Leguizamo) in To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything!
The larger bodywork with spoilers was able to provide more downforce for the turns without increasing the drag, allowing cars to maintain high speeds.
A music video featuring drag queens was shot to accompany this single and it aired heavily on television.
Meanwhile, Mr Rock is accosted by several of the girls who first want to dance with him and later drag him downstairs into the cellar of the building where they take turns kissing him and where they introduce him to the "Institute Inn", their secret club.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times, said the film "contains conversations that drag on beyond all reason.
As the sheet is eased, the aft end of a boom would drag in the water, making the rudder ineffective and a capsize inevitable.
Pro Stock Motorcycle, a drag racing class of motorcycle that is the two-wheeled equivalent of Pro Stock
They often came up with get-rich-quick schemes, ways to humiliate the kids, or simply to cause trouble where they would often drag Dudley into their schemes.
Initial publicity material showed an abandoned cover of Who's Next featuring Moon dressed in drag and brandishing a whip.
The warden suggests that they drag it by the front legs.
Mark Suknanan, television personality and drag queen
The drag increase has been seen to decrease speeds by up to 10%, which can require up to a 40% increase in fuel to compensate.
With this, the user can then drag sliders in the user interface to make glyphs taller or shorter, to make them fatter or thinner, to increase or decrease the size of the serifs, and the like, all independently of one another.
Kim Gordon was an admirer and Will Oldham said Dime Map of the Reef inspired him to send recordings to Drag City.
Berman wished to "distinguish his brand of songwriting from the depressive-narcissistic strain of 1990s rock" and later sought to break away from Drag City's "cryptic and prankish" style.
During his rehabilitation, Berman embraced Judaism, choosing to study the Torah and sought to be a "better person" who was "easier" to Cassie and staff at Drag City; he would soon consider Judaism as an integral aspect of his life, which he intended to continuously labor over.
His once-passion for Judaism made him eager to tour Israel; there he met Yonatan Gat and helped get him signed to Drag City—"[The] shows we played in Israel were pretty much the most amazing experience of my life".
He reportedly refused to let Drag City promote his music.
Callahan described his and Oldham's collaborative album Blind Date Party as "all of Drag City coming together for David".
He has appeared in several films, including his portrayal of Cha-Cha, the drag queen, in 1999's Flawless, where he worked opposite former Rent castmate Daphne Rubin-Vega.
People would tie a rope around the necks and drag them over to a ditch."
Jean said it "got pretty far along in the animation, and then we got scared that the movie began to drag in that section."
From a technical perspective, at hull speed the bow and stern waves interfere constructively, creating relatively large waves, and thus a relatively large value of wave drag.
Low Drag Racing Shells
She appeared as a guest judge on the "From Farm to Runway" episode of season 11 of RuPaul's Drag Race alongside model and actress Amber Valletta, which aired on April 11, 2019.
 Lypsinka (born 1955), drag performer and model (Hazlehurst)
Ed Donovan introduced the specialized aluminum engine block for nitro drag racing in 1971; the "Donovan 417" was based on a 1958 Chrysler 392 hemi.
While still continuing to use the Dallara GP2/11 chassis introduced in 2011, this season saw the series introduce the Drag Reduction System (DRS) used in Formula One.
Pepé would later appear in the episode "Is Paris Stinking" (voiced once again by Greg Burson), where he pursues Sylvester who is unintentionally dressed in drag.
The comic "wenches" and other female roles in most skits are typically performed by men in drag.
The Australian National Drag Racing Association and IHRA have a  maximum displacement engine limit.
One major change was to replace the warhead area with a dart-like version, which was separated from the main rocket body at engine burnout to continue on without the drag of the airframe and thereby reach higher altitudes.
The drogue itself caused a great deal of drag and could be dangerous, particularly to less-powerful aircraft.
The effects of a boundary layer turned turbulent are an increase in drag due to skin friction.
A Royal Air Force Avro Vulcan bomber aborted its landing when it touched down short of the runway, rupturing its left main landing gear drag link, the wing attachments and engine fuel lines; the aircraft flew to Ohakea air base where it was stranded for several months being repaired.
He points out that the live-action shots of Lady Hazlewell in "More Haste Less Speed" used a stuntman in drag – an "unintentionally hilarious moment that illustrates beautifully why the live-action inserts didn't work."
Particles experiencing repulsive and weak attractive DEP forces are eluted by fluid flow, whereas particles experiencing strong attractive DEP forces are trapped at electrode edges against flow drag.
Inspired by that episode, Jinkx Monsoon and Peaches Christ mounted a live 90-minute musical drag parody of Grey Gardens titled Return to Grey Gardens.
Annie Hardy from Giant Drag is featured on several of the tracks on Wildlife, and also appeared on organ for some of the Los Angeles live performances surrounding the record release.
One Dead Drag Queen (2001)
Physics – Presented to Jack Harvey, John Culvenor, Warren Payne, Steve Cowley, Michael Lawrance, David Stuart, and Robyn Williams of Australia, for their irresistible report "An analysis of the forces required to drag sheep over various surfaces".
Schnatter also said that people in his home state of Indiana used to drag African Americans from trucks until they died.
Spurred on by the success of this, he had the idea of forming "villages of co-operation" where workers would drag themselves out of poverty by growing their own food, making their own clothes and ultimately becoming self-governing.
Figures and identities present in the LGBT community; within LGBT communities in Western culture, this might include drag kings and queens, pride parades and the rainbow flag.
Despite some early problems, it was reliable and so rugged it was widely used in drag racing during the 1960s.
The force accelerating a pinewood derby car is gravity; the opposing forces are friction and air drag.
Friction due to air drag is a minor, although not insignificant, factor.
The car has received aerodynamic adjustments which have achieved a reduction in drag coefficient from 0.32 to 0.28, which Škoda claim makes it "the best in the small car segment".
This requires less control deflection and its resulting drag to change the planes attitude.)
It is common to leave landing gear off smaller planes (roughly 36" or smaller) in order to save on weight, drag and construction costs.
V-Tails have the advantage of being lighter and creating less drag.
Lohman was signed to lead Sam Raimi's critically acclaimed horror film, Drag Me to Hell, replacing Elliot Page who dropped out due to issues with scheduling.
In 2003, Mitchell played Erica Enders-Stevens in the Disney Channel original movie Right on Track, based on the early career of the 2014 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock champion and her sister Courtney Enders, who was played by Brie Larson.
In an Earth-normal atmosphere or in a sizable gravity, her speed is limited by friction & drag.
Several LMLK stamps may have had additional inscriptions incised over them containing marks resembling the letters "I V" (hence "Ivy incisions"); however, one or more of these handles may just contain stray Drag marks resembling the letters "I V" with no literate semantics intended.
In many cases, the front suspension is mounted a considerable distance forward of the radiator, a practice that may be derived from the construction of early drag racing cars.
Although the band's name is a spoonerism of the late Chuck Berry, the group said it was inspired by a drag queen acquaintance of theirs named Buck Cherry.
Ice is hazardous to flight as it disrupts airflow, increases weight, and adds drag.
Besides the major monasteries in Tibet, there are also now various Nyingma institutions of the Tibetan exile community in India including Thekchok Namdrol Shedrub Dargye Ling, in Bylakuppe, Karnataka State; Ngedon Gatsal Ling, in Clementown, Dehradun; Palyul Chokhor Ling, E-Vam Gyurmed Ling, Nechung Drayang Ling, and Thubten E-vam Dorjey Drag in Himachal Pradesh.
They walk with an uneven gait, and their arms dangle and drag the ground when running.
These features reduce drag when it digs and when it moves through tunnels.
There is evidence that the steam carriages' brakes and their wide tyres caused less damage to the roads than horse-drawn carriages because of the absence of horses' hooves striking the road and wheels which did not lock and drag.
Tu-2 Two  Shvetsov ASh-82 (air cooling) with bigger drag, 1942.
After the first prototype (under the development name Andrei Nikolayevich Tupolev fighter 5 | ANT-5), the I-4 was redesigned with a new engine cowling to decrease drag, with added rocket launchers on the upper wing and a larger tailfin.
The engine nacelles were streamlined to reduce drag and increase speed as the engine radiators were mounted in the wing center section, fed by slits in the leading edge of the wing.
Butler proposes the practice of drag as a way to destabilize the exteriority/interiority binary, finally to poke fun at the notion that there is an "original" gender, and to demonstrate playfully to the audience, through an exaggeration, that all gender is in fact scripted, rehearsed, and performed.
For improved performance the aircraft featured both a V-tail and retractable landing gear in order to reduce drag.
The low drag implied excellent performance; with the 40 hp engine it was expected to reach "nearly" , while the larger  engine allowed it to cruise at 200 mph with the  "B" wing, and have 1,215 miles range.
Rolling resistance, sometimes called rolling friction or rolling drag, is the force resisting the motion when a body (such as a ball, tire, or wheel) rolls on a surface.
It is also called rolling friction or rolling drag.
While the engine installation of the SB 2-M103 initially retained the drag inducing frontal radiators of the M-100 powered aircraft, an improved engine installation was developed with the radiators slung under the engines.
Wilson Jermaine Heredia as Angel Dumott Schunard, a drag queen and street musician who is suffering from AIDS; Collins' love interest.
The oar can be used to provide a drag force (a force acting against the forward motion) when the system is brought to rest.
Their album, Drag King, came out on Catcall Records, which was run by Liz Naylor.
The boat's long length and semicircular cross-section reduce drag to a minimum.
Some of the activists, who led or participated in the direct-action that was key to the movement for marriage equality, included Alan Bonville, Iana Di Bona, Bob the Drag Queen, Honey La Bronx, Jake Goodman, Rich Murray, Natasha Dillon, and many others.
Until the late 17th century in England and the late 18th century in the Papal States—although not elsewhere in Europe—women were conventionally portrayed by male actors (usually adolescents) in drag because the presence of actual women on stage was considered immoral.
The Changing Room: Sex, Drag and Theatre.
Paul O'Grady – (born 1955) British comedian and actor best known for presenting the daytime chat television series, The Paul O'Grady Show and his drag queen comedic alter ego, Lily Savage.
He also nobly resisted the attempt of Phocas to drag the empress Constantina and her daughters from their sanctuary in a church of Constantinople (ibid., A.M. 6098).
The 2H broke new ground, seeking to reduce drag but did not achieve much success.
Maucksch managed to drag the team safely from relegation, and finished the season in 12th place.
The heavier-duty A727 Torqueflites became — and remain — wildly popular for drag racing, off roading, and monster truck applications because of their controllability, reliability, ease/cheapness of repair and brute strength.
Frequently used today in drag racing.
Many of the Buick, Cadillac, and Oldsmobile THM400s produced between 1964 and 1967 were equipped with a "Switch-Pitch" torque converter with a variable-pitch stator, which is sought after by collectors and drag racers.
Drag lines extend from the wings, and are long so they can surround an area.
A drag line is paid out, followed by a net wing.
Next the drag lines are hauled in using rope-coiling machines until the catch bag can be secured.
Manohla Dargis disliked the screenplay, writing "It's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women—or at least this working woman—for whom she shows little understanding; there's a puritan, even punitive, cast to the way she sees her character, whose pathology she digs at with the tenacity of a truffle hound."
The first-ever Ladyfest took place in Olympia later that year; Carns organized and emceed the punk cabaret-style Dude-Looks-Like-A-Lady drag show.
This causes the drag force to reach its maximum value and the whirligig to reach its terminal speed in less time.
Although it is a very old design, the Powerglide still has a strong following in drag racing due to its strength and simplicity.
Not only did he perform both male and female roles, but he wrote and directed three "smoker" productions and composed the totemic song "The Queen of the Yale Dramat" (1911) satirizing drag roles.
Earliest prototypes showed a drag coefficient of just 0.26, making it the most aerodynamic Rolls-Royce ever created.
The letter led to tension among the student body in response to the letter's reference to the student body president dressing in drag for a skit used during his campaign.
Fin and rudder tip fairings Fin and rudder tip fairings reduce drag at low angles of attack, but also reduce the stall angle, so the fairing of control surface tips depends on the application.
 Strut end fairings reduce drag at these junctions.
 Wing roots are often faired to reduce interference drag between the wing and the fuselage.
 Wing tips are often formed as complex shapes to reduce vortex generation and so also drag, especially at low speed.
 Pinewood Derby Drag Racing
Photographers Robert Laliberté, Oscar Ochoa,  Perry Senecal, StudioFotofusion's Dominic Brunet as well as Montreal’s high camp drag queen Mado Lamotte, wine critic Olivier de Maisonneuve, local DJ Louis Costa, Andre Roy (one of Quebec most notable poet and critic) are part of the magazine's eclectic panel of contributors.
The car is then taken out onto the drag strip.
While the track itself closed for competition in 2005 (only to reopen in 2009) and again in the 2013, MotorWeek'' continued to have access to the drag strip.
The EMD SD60 is a , six-axle diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors Electro-Motive Division, intended for heavy-duty drag freight or medium-speed freight service.
Building on the AMC Gremlin's ease with which they could be modified for higher street performance, as well as their inherent inexpensiveness and strength, AMC Spirits were used in drag racing.
Some owners of Spirits have also heavily modified their cars for pro-class drag racing using AMC engines.
The streamlining extended to the undercarriage as well to reduce drag.
In Sand, teams had to drag 40 branches  to a marked sand dune, an activity known as "brushing the beach" which helps to prevent erosion, to receive their next clue.
This streamlines the fish and thereby reduces drag.
The soldier takes the princess's hand, and together they drag the devil away, then fall into each other's arms.
Fox uses the time also for the PBA Clash bowling event starting in 2018, and in 2021 will feature the NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series in a similar manner (early game markets will air the race on tape delay, late game markets will air the race live).
St. James published a second book, Freak Show in 2007, a comedy/romance about a teenage drag queen who attends a new school and forges a relationship with the football team's quarterback.
When the Guelph Dam is open, water levels in the river become so low that paddlers are forced to frequently disembark and drag their canoe across its shallowest sections.
In late 2017, the drag strip was expanded to four lanes.
 The Strip: /(402 m) drag strip
In flight a powered aircraft can be considered as being acted on by four forces: lift, weight, thrust, and drag.
In addition, if the aircraft is not accelerating, thrust is equal and opposite to drag.
In addition, if the aircraft is not accelerating, thrust is less than drag.
As well as ailerons, there are sometimes also spoilers—small hinged plates on the upper surface of the wing, originally used to produce drag to slow the aircraft down and to reduce lift when descending.
In her book April Ashley's Odyssey, Ashley recalls Lear performing drag acts under the stage name "Peki d'Oslo".
Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 were a horror punk band from North Carolina.
The following year, in 1997, the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 reformed.
In 1998 original drummer Sicko Zero rejoined and the band set to record their second album, Night of the Living Drag Queens.
The Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13 recorded their fourth album, Viva Las Violence.
13 felt that after six years and four albums, the Frankenstein Drag Queens were not garnering much success and wanted to try a new project.
This would cause relationships to fray between 13 and former members of the Drag Queens, who had formed a new band themselves, the Graveyard Boulevard.
These forces are primarily of three types: propulsive force provided by the vehicle's engines; gravitational force exerted by the Earth and other celestial bodies; and aerodynamic lift and drag (when flying in the atmosphere of the Earth or other body, such as Mars or Venus).
Lift and drag are modeled as the products of a coefficient times dynamic pressure acting on a reference area:
Controlled entry, descent, and landing of a vehicle is achieved by shedding the excess kinetic energy through aerodynamic heating from drag, which requires some means of heat shielding, and/or retrograde thrust.
 Route 66 Raceway, a drag racing strip in Joliet, Illinois, U.S.
When Homer refuses, Moe and a gang of ghouls drag him from the pantry.
Ground resonance is usually precipitated by a hard landing or an asymmetrical ground contact, and is more likely to occur when components of the landing gear or damping system are improperly maintained, such as the drag hinge dampers, oleo struts, or wheel tire pressure.
Peel also produced the album Always Was, Is and Always Shall Be, and in the unreleased song "What a drag it is to be dead" performed with GG Allin on the drums.
The aircraft features a low drag nose and tailcone design, minimum fuselage wetted area and optimised wing aerodynamics.
The 2003 April Fool's Day episode was hosted by Marc Summers and featured Elwood in drag as Miss Pickwick.
The purpose of this was to conduct research on the friction and drag produced by a ship hull in real-life conditions.
According to Haisch and Rueda, inertia arises as an electromagnetic drag force on accelerating particles, produced by interaction with the zero-point field.
„”, the lift-induced drag coefficient
The next day, seeing that the Ann Alexander had not yet sunk but was on her beam ends, Deblois went on board to cut away the masts with a hatchet, in the hope this would lessen the drag.
In the fifth episode he takes it upon himself to dress in drag in an effort to save a failing skit only to find that he had no reason to because Betty and a talking piece of wood without an upper lip had already had the same idea.
Likewise, making it more aerodynamic decreases drag, which acts as a load on the car as well.
Junior drag racers may choose to participate in programs run by the NHRA, IHRA, or at an unsanctioned facility.
Carburis directed workmen to wait for winter, when the ground was frozen, and then had them drag the large stone over the frozen ground to the sea for shipment and transport to the city.
Using the mouse, the player must squash Bill and drag discarded operating systems back to their computers.
In foundry work, the terms cope and drag refer respectively to the top and bottom parts of a two-part casting flask, used in sand casting.
In the simplest sand casting procedure, the drag is placed upside down on a board, around a pattern of the part to be cast.
The sand is then struck level with the top edge of the drag, using a wooden or metal strake.
The critical part of the operation is to separate the cope and drag to remove the pattern.
In some cases the part design is more complicated, and intermediate flasks and mold sections are needed between the cope and drag.
The band became The Drag Set, who released a little-known single in February 1967, "Day and Night" / "Get Out of My Way".
Lola Lola's nightclub act has been parodied on film by Danny Kaye in drag as Fraulein Lilli in On the Double (1961) and by Helmut Berger in Luchino Visconti's The Damned (1969).
A spoiler is an automotive aerodynamic device whose intended design function is to 'spoil' unfavorable air movement across a body of a vehicle in motion, usually described as turbulence or drag.
Front spoilers, found beneath the bumper, are mainly used to decrease the amount of air going underneath the vehicle to reduce the drag coefficient and lift.
This may reduce drag in certain instances and will generally increase high-speed stability due to the reduced rear lift.
Active front spoilers have been implemented on certain models as well, in which the front spoiler or air dam extends further towards the road below to reduce drag at high speed.
A retractable front spoiler can reduce scraping of the car on curbs or other road imperfections, while still reducing drag at high speeds.
Trains may use spoilers to induce drag (like an air brake).
That, combined with adverse winds and the increased drag of the damaged engine, means that the airliner will eventually run out of fuel and be forced to ditch.
Meanwhile, Dudley's excitement about being part of a victorious drag race team reaches new heights when Jimmy gives Dudley his Knight's jacket to safeguard while he is away.
They drag him off the street and into a garage, where they hold him down as Boad rapes him.
Another variant called Sidekick Drag One was introduced in 1997, this variant was placed between the basic Sidekick and Escudo.
Since there is no atmospheric drag in space to slow the swing, a small bottle of fluid with baffles may be mounted in the spacecraft to damp the pendulum vibrations via the viscous friction of the fluid.
During one of the takes, a crosswind sprang up and the drag from the dummies caused Hughes to fear that she would lose control if the plane connected with the motorway.
According to Shinoda, he was recruited for GM design chief Bill Mitchell's "special styling projects" Studio X after beating Mitchell in an impromptu drag race from a stoplight in 1958.
It is infested with monkeys, but these are too narcotic-addled to be a real problem and workers drag them out of the way by their tails.
 Descents, with and without turns, using high and low drag configurations
As Griffith had originally noted in 1929, the large frontal size of the centrifugal compressor caused it to have higher drag than the narrower axial-flow type.
Walter Charles Arfons (December 10, 1916 – June 4, 2013) was the half brother of Art Arfons, his former partner in drag racing, and his competitor in jet-powered land speed record racing.
They were the first drag racers to reach 150 miles per hour in the quarter mile.
As a result, the Wrights corrected earlier mistakes in calculations of lift and drag and used this knowledge to construct their 1902 glider, third in the series.
The existence of the aberration of light was inconsistent with aether drag hypothesis.
Atoms must be able to throw it into vibration, if they are oscillating or revolving at sufficient speed; otherwise they would not emit light or any kind of radiation; but in no case do they appear to drag it along, or to meet with resistance in any uniform motion through it."
Although this effect was initially understood as giving evidence of a nearly stationary aether or a partial aether drag it can easily be explained with special relativity by using the velocity composition law.
(1989), as well as the Sex Tours of the Church-Wellesley community hosted by Gilbert's drag persona Jane.
According to the customs of feng shui, the Buddha statue must be taken indoors, so Chinese guards drag him into the nursery.
These rockets were fired from a streamlined pod made by Matra (giving it the alternative name) rather than individual rails, which greatly reduced drag and dramatically increased the number of rockets that could be carried.
The bouncer fancies one of the acts, 'Vera' and has no idea that she is a man in drag.
In 2008, Stuart took his live drag stand-up comedy show, "The Adventures of Pink Peter", to the Edinburgh Fringe festival.
At the end of platform 9 in 1975 was a red warning light atop a post, situated in front of a  sand drag placed to stop overrunning trains.
The crash had thrown soot and dirt into the air from the sand drag, and from between the two metal layers of the tube carriages.
At 7 pm, he sent away most of his artillery, but the roads were so deep in mud that mule teams had to help drag the guns.
A narrow axle track means that the vehicle does not require as much pavement and may experience less aerodynamic drag because of a smaller cross-sectional area.
The fatigue life of an extreme performance spring (NHRA, IHRA) can be as short as two passes on a 1/4 mile drag racing track before relaxation or failure occurs.
The Thieves and Hassan are chained and made to drag a cart filled with the stolen loot, Popeye, Olive, and Wimpy, back to town, where the townspeople, jubilant at their liberation from Hassan's reign of terror, await them with open arms.
Some examples include instances where singer Marc Almond would smear his body with cat food, simulate sexual intercourse with a full-length mirror, or appear onstage in drag.
The combination of the fan and ejector thrust from the exhaust balanced the total internal engine drag.
Since then, Om has released the two full-length studio albums God Is Good and Advaitic Songs on the Drag City label, a 7" for Sub Pop entitled Gebel Barkal, and the live vinyl-only LP Conference Live on Important Records.
The band's fifth studio album, Advaitic Songs, was released by Drag City on July 24, 2012.
Later, during the evening of 1 November, heavy winds at Brest caused the destroyer to drag anchor: and she struck the breakwater.
Dear Straight People is known for its coming out stories, which includes notable LGBT+ figures such as Paralympic medalist Theresa Goh and the host of Drag Race Thailand, Pangina Heals.
Unlike conventional powerboats, which have a single keel, with an indent, or ‘step’, cut from the bottom to reduce drag, a hydroplane has a concave base with two sponsons fitted to the front, and a third point at the rear of the hull.
In the event of power loss, autorotation was found to be difficult due to the drag from the ramjet nacelles.
His first act in this post was to drag a large sofa into his office, tacked a notice on it saying 'Commissariat of Finance', and lay down on it.
A maximum speed in excess of  despite a claimed power output of only , 1 more PS than the 175 cc engine from the KR175, reflected the vehicle's light weight and low aerodynamic drag.
They generally kill most prey less than  away from water bodies, charge prey from close range and drag carcasses into dense cover.
An experiment conducted in 1911 by Franz Harress, aimed at making measurements of the Fresnel drag of light propagating through moving glass, was in 1920 recognized by Max von Laue as actually constituting a Sagnac experiment.
The series has since grown into a popular multi-class drag racing championship featuring hill climbs and flat track events.
A shock stall is a stall created when the airflow over an aircraft's wings is disturbed by shock waves formed when flying at or above the aircraft's drag divergence Mach number.
 Kite having high lift to drag ratio Warren O. Weathers
She also is long-time friends with famed drag performer and musician RuPaul and co-wrote a song on his third album Red Hot, titled “Just a Little In and Out”.
They then barricade the hallway and play the "Ride" at high volume, daring the upperclassmen to break in and drag everyone to be drenched in the showers.
The drag imposed by the walls of the pipe is somewhat analogous to parasitic resistance.
However, water only experiences drag via the pipes' inner surface, while charges are slowed at all points within a metal, as with water forced through a filter.
When Reggie momentarily breaks eye contact, the Scrunt leaps, but the concealed Tartutic leap out of hiding, grab it, and drag it away.
He also created the art for every record in  Vinyl Collective's Under the Influence series, featuring Lemuria, Off With Their Heads, Drag the River, Fake Problems, These Arms Are Snakes, and more.
Because of the curvature, the scoops experience less drag when moving against the wind than when moving with the wind.
The wrap-around fairing design had lower aerodynamic drag than a few 21st century sportbikes.
Eventually, the current will reach a top speed when the force of the wind, of the Coriolis effect, and the resistant drag of the subsurface water balance, and the current will flow at a constant speed and direction as long as the wind persists.
It was better armed than the SM.79, but the increased drag combined with the same engine power reduced the maximum speed and cruise speeds as well as the range.
In the late-1970s and early-1980s he frequented the bohemian art world of Downtown Manhattan, shooting portraits of the artists there such as drag queen actor Divine and writers, such as Susan Sontag, William Burroughs, Fran Lebowitz, and Vince Aletti.
To reduce drag at high speed, the main wheels retracted fully into the stub wing sponsons.
Toward the end, he was semi-conscious and not able to walk, and they had to drag him from cage to cage.
As the wheel cuts, it periodically releases individual grains of abrasive, typically because they grow dull and the increased drag pulls them out of the bond.
The results of the computations are formatted and presented as HTML, making it possible, with a single click and drag, to export tables and graphs to, for example, office suites.
The winds were clocked at , with occasional gusts of 95, forcing the tender to drag anchor.
Growth is aided by orbital decay of smaller bodies due to gas drag, which prevents them from being stranded between orbits of the embryos.
Gas drag slows the pebbles below the escape velocity of the massive body causing them to spiral toward and to be accreted by it.
For streamlined swimmers the resistance or drag determines the performance of the organism.
Length of the organism is factored into the equation because the surface area of just the front 2/3 of the organism has an effect on the drag
It was finally by a more streamlined Breda R turret, armed with a 12.7 mm (.5 in) Breda; this was a superior system that did not need any retraction mechanism because of the lower drag.
The bulb modifies the way the water flows around the hull, reducing drag and thus increasing speed, range, fuel efficiency, and stability.
As wetted area increases, so does drag.
Inui based his research on earlier findings by scientists made after Taylor discovered that ships fitted with a bulbous forefoot exhibited substantially lower drag characteristics than predicted.
From the mid-1960s, artists like Kwon Young-woo began to push paint, soak canvas, drag pencils, rip paper, and otherwise manipulate the materials of painting in ways that challenged preconceived notions of what it meant to be an ink painter (Asian painter) or oil painter (soyanghwaga), the two categories within which most artists were categorized.
It is also a major source of engine drag (see engine braking), as the low-pressure air in the intake manifold provides less pressure on the piston during the induction stroke.
Since the pistons are descending more slowly than under no load, the pressure differences are less marked and parasitic drag in the induction system is negligible.
Evaluation of effects during spacecraft design includes application of various models of the environment, including radiation belt models, spacecraft-plasma interaction models and atmospheric models to predict drag effects encountered in lower orbits and during reentry.
Some fast racing scows use bilgeboards, which are mounted between the centreline of the hull and the sides, so they can use a pair of asymmetric foils for maximum lift and minimum drag.
When sailing, the windward side bilgeboard is retracted into the hull of the boat, so that it produces no drag.
Conversely, Sava felt elements of the episode were too procedural and "a surplus of infodumps that drag the pacing," and, unlike Goldman, felt leaving out May and Ward was "a big reason why this premiere is an underwhelming reintroduction to this world."
The first is the increased mass of the boat; a heavier boat sits lower in the water, increasing drag when it moves, and is generally less responsive to steering.
This is known as the Fresnel drag coefficient.
Also Heinrich Rudolf Hertz (1890) incorporated a complete aether drag model within his elaboration of Maxwell's theory of electromagnetism, to bring it into accord with the Galilean principle of relativity.
This amount of aberration is observed and this contradicts the complete aether drag hypothesis.
He then ordered Storie to drag Gregsten's body out of the car to the edge of the lay-by 2 or 3 metres away, before ordering her back into the car to start it for him and demonstrate the operation of the gears and switches.
It was released under the moniker Palace Brothers on Drag City in 1994.
It was also featured in the episode of the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, where contestants Tina Burner, Elliott with 2 Ts and Kahmora Hall had to lipsync to it.
In 2019, she appeared as a guest judge on the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
The Haack series designs giving minimum drag for the given length and diameter, the LD-Haack where , is commonly called the Von Kármán or Von Kármán ogive.
The factors influencing the pressure drag are the general shape of the nose cone, its fineness ratio, and its bluffness ratio.
At supersonic speeds, the fineness ratio has a significant effect on nose cone wave drag, particularly at low ratios; but there is very little additional gain for ratios increasing beyond 5:1.
where  is the drag coefficient, is the wind speed, and is the droplet speed.
Paper Dolls by Philip Himberg, a play about a Filipino drag act in Tel Aviv (28 February – 28 April 2013)
Ongina – drag queen and spokesperson for MAC Cosmetics
 NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series (2016–present)
McMurray almost won the Aaron's 499 that spring, but Kevin Harvick beat him in a .011-second drag race to the finish line.
1998 "Yarkovsky Thermal Drag on Small Asteroids and Mars-Earth Delivery," J. Geophys.
A substantially modified, Hemi-powered A100 wheelstanding exhibition pickup called the "Little Red Wagon" driven by Bill "Maverick" Golden was a popular drag strip attraction from the 1960s to the early 2000s.
He claimed that a 30% reduction in drag was possible, but subsequent researchers were unable to duplicate these results, leading to what has been called "The Kramer Controversy."
Benton arrives and rescues the other people but gets trapped on the dock when the shark arrives to drag it further out to sea.
The mathematical model breaks down at the surface of the body, and new solutions involving boundary layers have to be considered to correctly model the drag effects.
When the elevator is centered, the drag at the rear of the plane causes a torque that makes the aircraft pitch forward.
The original series titles began with Enfield in a black suit walking towards the camera and blowing a raspberry to the music of a brass band, and ended with him taking a quick drag from a cigarette hidden behind his back.
Since 2009 the highly modified FTO of owner/driver Richard Batty has consistently popped up in British drag race runoff results through the years.
Queer Duck animation was directed and designed by Xeth Feinberg; the theme song was performed by drag celebrity RuPaul.
Street racing is distinct from the legal and governed sport of drag racing; see terminology below.
Such races are usually referred to as "grudge races", which are frequently organised in regularly scheduled events at the drag strip ("Test and Tune" days).
The track effectively became "no prep" at the drag racing meet weeks later, and after numerous complaints about the no-prep surface the event was run without championship status.
This event is often held on a road course or a skid pad located at the drag strip, or often on an oval circuit with an infield road course or Figure 8 crossover to create a drifting circuit.
Such rules are also used in legitimate drag racing as classes of cars.
Some drag strips offer such street racing style events.
At legitimate drag strips with street racing programs, this may be simulated with instant green (where the yellow lights on the Christmas tree are not used; once the cars are staged, a delay may be used, then the green light only is turned on).
This act would be analogous to the Christmas Tree in a typical sanctioned drag race, and has been portrayed widely in popular culture, from ZZ Top music videos to American cinema.
Some racecourses have events such as track days or drag racing with cars split into categories by power.
Meanwhile, illegal drag racing takes place on expressways such as the Second Link Expressway in Johor Bahru.
This has also led to a campaign introduced in 2000 called Racers Against Street Racing (RASR), a grass-roots enthusiast group consisting of auto manufacturers, after-market parts companies, professional drag racers, sanctioning bodies, race tracks and automotive magazines devoted to promoting the use of safe and legal raceways as an alternative to street racing.
with punk rock drag queen Vaginal Davis and the band released several videos.
In Gypsy, the user could drag from the first to the last character while holding a mouse button down.
NAPA also sponsors the Schumacher Racing Dodge Charger Funny Car driven by Ron Capps in the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series; Brandon McReynolds, driver of the No.
The drag resistance was also marginally lower than that of the original Mini, 0.41 Cd rather than 0.42.
Safran backs French startup Turbotech, developing a 73-kW (98-shp) turboprop with a recuperator to improve efficiency from 10 to 30%, for a brake specific fuel consumption similar to a piston engine, but 30 kg lighter at 55 kg (120 lb) and without cooling drag.
Notable features include Paralympic medalist Theresa Goh and the host of Drag Race Thailand, Pangina Heals.
Asia becomes upset that Demogorgon will not reveal the name of God, first demanding, "Utter his name: a world pining in pain/ Asks but his name: curses shall drag him down."
Soon afterwards, Gracie, Sam and Joel (Gracie's new stylist) arrive at the Oasis Drag club where they end up singing Tina Turner songs and are given Cheryl and Stan's location by a contestant dressed as Dolly Parton.
This is the concept of viscous drag, which for example is applied in automatic doors or anti-slam doors.
Known simply as the F, the MG car features largely standard MG F components, a turbocharged 1.4L (329 bhp) Rover K-Series engine, and a drag coefficient of less than 0.25.
After Amato's win, Grand Prix officials required NHRA drag racers to race as professionals.
Other popular modifications include the addition of a dorsal strake on earlier model AA-1s to improve yaw stability or the addition of a transparent red rudder cap to fair the flashing beacon for reduced drag.
The upper body was revised, based again on a design by Italdesign Giugiaro, the S-Tec engines were updated, and the car's drag coefficient was lowered, resulting in better fuel economy.
Drag Coefficient: 0.30
On his return the celebration of the triumph was refused; but he held a triumph at his own expense, and when one of the tribunes attempted to drag him from his car, his daughter Claudia, one of the Vestal Virgins, walked by his side up to the capital.
After working with Mickey Mantle, he was also known as an excellent drag bunter.
A nose cone is the conically shaped forwardmost section of a rocket, guided missile or aircraft, designed to modulate oncoming airflow behaviors and minimize aerodynamic drag.
Although the idea had some merits in attacking unescorted bombers the weight and drag penalty of the turret (and gunner) put them at a disadvantage when Germany was able to escort its bombers with fighters from bases in Northern France.
Sahm was featured in the 1974 mural "Austintatious" at the Drag portion of Guadalupe street in Austin.
Because of aerodynamic drag, a Plinian eruption excavates a circular crater.
Built this way, the car will not have much drag in the front, slowing it down.
Outside of some amusing book fair cameos, this one fails to deliver much zing, and it tends to drag."
The bodywork was still unmistakably R1, although a few changes were made resulting in a 3% reduction in the drag coefficient.
Jellyfish and Imperial Drag co-founder Roger Joseph Manning Jr. praised the record for its unusual sound: "Stuff is distorting.
The developer can drag and drop all types of objects such as menus, buttons, tables, lists and browsers into the interface.
He is also seen in Mercury's Living on My Own video, dressed in drag as Mary, Queen of Scots.
The wing, designed to increase downforce, allowed Rathmann to reach cornering speeds never before seen at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway but created so much drag that it caused the car to record slower lap times.
"I did run the car a little bit before I cut it up and I ended up drag racing a classmate, Melvin Hunsinger, who had a 1949 Ford.
Downwind, the extra skin friction drag is a hindrance.
Drag queens and other sorts of cross-dressers collectively comprise about half of the membership.
Ball culture: Less frequently, the Imperial Court System has had overlapping membership and joint ventures with drag houses of the type documented in Paris is Burning.
The novel tells the story of Divine, a drag queen who, when the novel opens, has died of tuberculosis and been canonised as a result.
The film is about a group of underground motorcycle drag racers, and the intense rivalry between a legendary motorcyclist and a young racing prodigy who has formed his own biker club.
Squads of young men would drag barrels of burning tar through town on sledges, making mischief.
Eventually, the townspeople drug him and drag him out of their town.
Design refinements looked to minimize the interaction of the aerodynamic flow with the engine plume, which could create drag.
The magazine also listed the scene where the Doctor dresses in drag as one of the silliest moments in Doctor Who history in a 2010 article.
 Thore Skogman - Än Är Det Drag (1998)
 Thore Skogman – Än Är Det Drag (1998)
Burnout: Championship Drag Racing (1998) was licensed by Hot Rod.
On one such expedition in late March 1854, four of the party suffered so severely from frostbite that they had to be left behind under the care of a fifth man while the remaining members of the party – too physically exhausted to do more than drag their own persons across the frozen wastes – headed back to the brig for help.
It was essentially a drag act but also a double act.
Although nothing like the glamorous acts like Danny La Rue, Old Mother Riley proved that drag could be a smash hit with audiences and make you a star.
Previous to Old Mother Riley, drag was a mixture of singing acts and short comedy sketches in music halls across the UK.
He gains a temporary status and importance during a long strike, and uses the union's money to entertain the young street punks and buy the company of drag queens and gay men.
It transmits the motion it receives from the steering box into the drag (or center) link, causing it to move left or right to turn the wheels in the appropriate direction.
A drag link converts rotary motion from a crank arm, to a second bellcrank, usually in an automotive steering system.
An alternate steering mechanism is a rack and pinion, a three bar linkage that eliminates the drag link by directly moving a center link.
Unlike a center link, the drag link does not connect to an idler arm, and has no inner tie rod ends attached to it.
On these applications the drag link connects to the steering arm located at the wheel.
Drag links can be a solid one-piece design or an adjustable design.
Wear in the joints at the end of the drag link in a steering system will result in play in the steering.
She then attempts to drag the beggar woman's body into the oven, but Todd arrives and, through a shaft of light, sees the lifeless face clearly for the first time: the beggar woman was his wife Lucy.
In a 2008 interview with AfterEllen.com, Bianca expressed surprise that many people do not realize she is queer, given that she frequently performs in drag.
 Full drag and drop support
News of the 47 Cockettes boarding the flight was covered by local television and the group took over the plane in full drag.
There was an afterparty at the Cafe du Nord on Market Street near Noe Street at which the Cockettes-inspired New York drag troupe the Dixie Chicks performed.
The Cockettes inspired a Brazilian drag troupe "Dzi Croquettes," which are the subject of a 2009 documentary film Dzi Croquettes.
At the beginning of the storyline, as they drive around San Francisco, they get pulled over by Bob Falfa, the drag racer from the first movie who has gone on to become a SFPD motorcycle patrolman, and arrests Lance for possession of a marijuana joint.
 Known Felons in Drag (1986)
In the late 1990s, the performing group Red Top Arts (紅頂藝人, py Hǒngdǐng Yìrén) came to fame in Taipei, Taiwan as the island's first professional drag troupe.
Related to this is an auxiliary term for drag queens: 扮裝皇后 (py bànzhūang húanghòu), or "crossdressing queen".
Since the rocket diameter was larger than the nozzle  diameter of the engine, the aft end of the rocket ended in a tapered "boat tail", to decrease the subsonic drag.
These features made the coefficient of drag low for both the EXP (0.37) and LN7 (0.36), and also helped fuel efficiency.
This all resulted in a coefficient of drag () of just 0.30.
Drag costuming and makeup may in some cases simply involve an actor portraying a character of a sex or gender different from their own, or the performance itself may be a parody or critique of gender and gender roles.
A faux drag performer is a person who performs as the gender they identify as in day-to-day life, albeit in a usually exaggerated form.
The Cockettes were a psychedelic drag queen troupe, founded in San Francisco in the late 1960s.
In May 2014, Vestager presented a growth package designed to drag Denmark's economy – at the time Scandinavia's weakest – out of its crisis, raising the country's structural output by 6 billion kroner ($1.1 billion) and cut costs for companies by 4 billion kroner in 2020 through 89 measures to improve the business climate and boost employment.
The use of the aerospike allowed a much blunter nose shape, providing increased internal volume for payload and propulsion without increasing the drag.
It was hoped that this would provide 15 to 20 minutes of cruise at  and would allow the aircraft to return to its base and make a conventional runway landing assisted by a drag chute.
Also, the shape of the actual boat is usually very streamlined, which minimizes air resistance and drag, therefore increasing speed.
If an electric field is present, the faster electrons feel less drag and become even faster in a "run-away" process.
Of course, the Hobo Museum is open, and Ms. Castillo's portraits of the Hobo Kings and Queens are on display in the Hobo Gallery on the main drag.
Nearby were drag marks, hair, and three spent .22 calibre cases.
Vernam Field is known for drag racing.
The aerodynamic drag was reduced through lengthy wind tunnel testing and reshaping of front end and bumper along with hiding the wipers underneath the hood/bonnet for smoother flow.
During these operations, Jews and suspected partisans were murdered by being forced to drag ploughs through minefields.
| Me First and the Gimme Gimmes || 1999 || album Me First and the Gimme Gimmes Are a Drag
Six band and sang on their 2006 Drag City release "Slightly Sorry".
When it moves past the stationary magnet, the magnet exerts a drag force on the metal which opposes its motion, due to circular electric currents called eddy currents induced in the metal by the magnetic field.
This was based at L'Equippe Anglais in Duke Street but later moved to legendary Soho drag bar Madame Jojo's.
To cheer her up, Vinnie takes her out in full drag in public for the first time.
It follows in the tradition of his previous compilation albums Bona Drag and World of Morrissey in that it collects various single a-sides and b-sides, some album tracks, live tracks and previously unreleased material.
Aerodynamic drag is the force opposite to the direction of motion, and hence the source of energy loss in flight.
In gliding flight, no propulsion is used; the energy to counteract the energy loss due to aerodynamic drag is either taken from the potential energy of the bird, resulting in a descending flight, or is replaced by rising air currents ("thermals"), referred to as soaring flight.
The flight pattern is believed to decrease the energy required by reducing the aerodynamic drag during the ballistic part of the trajectory, and to increase the efficiency of muscle use.
It explains that the evolution of elongated rachis-bearing feathers began with simple forms that produced a benefit by increasing drag.
Performs as a drag queen.
After college, Sweeney started out doing performance art as various drag characters at New York City venues.
 Don Garlits (born 1932), American drag racer
This is because they contribute to drag compared to an unslotted wing.
At low angles of attack the airflow through the slot is insignificant, although it contributes to drag.
If there is extra room behind the bumper block, there is usually a sand or ballast drag that is designed to further retard a runaway train.
Unusually for a mid-engined car it had four doors, and the body was shaped to have a very low drag coefficient for the time.
Then they drag L.A. Park on top of La Parka before rúdo referee Hijo del Tirantes counts for three to give L.A. Park the victory.
The idea developed into a dual drag act featuring a pair of eccentric old ladies.
Fyffe also appeared in the film spin-off Steptoe and Son (1972), as a drag artist who becomes the mistaken object of Steptoe Senior's lust.
At WrestleMania XXV, Phoenix competed in the 25-Diva "Miss WrestleMania" battle royal; despite scoring 12 eliminations, more than any other participant, she lost when Marella, who competed in drag, claiming to be his twin sister "Santina", last eliminated her.
He also was able to officially drag both Britain and France into the war with a military alliance in March 1854.
In February 2021, the song was covered by drag queen and singer Trixie Mattel for her extended play Full Coverage, Vol.
Lindwall was carrying an injured leg tendon and his foot drag in the delivery stride led to murmurings in the media and among umpires as to its legality.
Although Spirit of America had a lower coefficient of drag, Green's design had a smaller frontal area and weighed slightly more than half as much.
The shooting, featuring Kodar as an actress referred to as ‘the Indian’ or ‘Pocahontas’, seemed to drag on for years and was not completed in Welles' lifetime.
Large drag coefficient: A less aerodynamic vehicle must deflect a greater volume of air when moving at the same speed than a more aerodynamic one.
Contributors included  Donny the Punk, comic artist Anonymous Boy, author Dennis Cooper, artist Carrie McNinch, musician Anita Smith, punk drag performer Vaginal Davis and Klaus and Jena von Brücker.
As a means of reducing interference drag between the wing and the fuselage, the use of fairings (often referred to as "wing fillets") became commonplace during the first half of the twentieth century; the use of wing root fairings has been credited with achieving more favourable flight characteristics at both high and low speeds.
The entire underside and running gear were also streamlined and tight-fitting from car to car to reduce the inter-car gap and the drag that causes.
Air Mobility Command, which accounts for 20 percent of all avionic fuel usage by the United States federal government, is also experimenting with autopilot changes to find the best tradeoff between the reduced drag of 'vortex surfing' and the resulting 'ride qualities' of flying through another aircraft's wake.
(Chk Chk Chk) for several years before relocating to Los Angeles where he joined Thee Oh Sees and also formed Warm Drag.
The Marc Jacobs Spring 2016 advertising campaign featured Lana Wachowski, Sandra Bernhard, Bette Midler, Juliette Lewis, Christina Ricci, Sky Ferreira, Bella Hadid, and Emily Ratajkowski as well as lesser known artists Vincent Michaud, Oli Burslem, and Milk, a contestant from RuPaul's Drag Race, as well as several runway models.
He wrote and produced every album by Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
Most of the songs on the album were re-recorded versions of songs by Poole's previous band, Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
", a Pixies cover, while the band is dressed-up in drag.
In late 2007, along with Bonnie 'Prince" Billy, Sweeney produced Baby Dee's debut album for Drag City Records, Safe Inside the Day.
Idols is an authentic compendium of 1970s Warhol-era New York style and attitude, featuring Holly Woodlawn, members of the San Francisco-based psychedelic drag queen performance troupe, the Cockettes, Taylor Meade, and John Noble.
Each basket could hold up to three people, which slid down the wire reaching up to , eventually reaching a gentle stop by means of a braking system catch net and drag chain which slowed and then halted the baskets.
The rivalries and animosities between the two groups would eventually come to a head and a war within the Italian underworld would erupt and drag every Mafia crime family and faction in New York into the conflict.
A later analysis showed that a design flaw in a mechanical parachute retention cover, which did not properly take base drag into account, caused the premature parachute deployment.
The cargo ship MV Captayannis ran aground on a sandbar in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland, after strong winds caused it to drag its anchor and drift into the anchor chains of the BP tanker British Light.
Their two tentacles bear 100–200 suckers, each lined with razor-sharp teeth, with which they grasp prey and drag it toward a large, sharp beak.
For 2011, Ganassi expanded, to add an additional 2-car team for Graham Rahal and Charlie Kimball housed in the race shop of NHRA drag racer Kenny Bernstein.
The main wing incorporated forebody strakes to enhance vortex generation for high angle of attack maneuverability, negative stability for improved subsonic lift and reduced supersonic drag.
After opening in 1979, the Pyramid helped define the East Village drag, gay, punk and art scenes of the 1980s.
This polymer would be exuded at the nose to reduce the drag coefficient.
 Drag Reduction Experiments for Sting Ray, 1968 - 1971
Beyond reducing pilot workload, proper trim also increases fuel efficiency by reducing drag.
In other cases, such as engine failure or damage causing asymmetric drag, trim tabs were invaluable for allowing the pilot to fly the aircraft straight without having to apply a constant force on the stick or rudder to keep the aircraft flying straight.
This occurs at the speed for which the difference between thrust and drag is the greatest (maximum excess thrust).
Brisco pursued Patterson into the women's locker room, where Patterson was hiding in drag.
Changes were made to the engine cowling and baffling to reduce cooling drag, the exhaust system was redesigned, the main landing gear fairings were further improved, the ventral fin was eliminated, and the horizontal tail was enlarged to allow a larger center of gravity range.
 Controlling the PC from the white board using click and drag, markup which annotates a program or presentation
Thesiger made his film debut in 1916 in The Real Thing at Last, a spoof presenting Macbeth as it might be done by an American company, in which he did a drag turn as one of the Witches.
In the winter several Drag Lifts are in operation for skiers going into the lower stage of hills, in addition to smaller nursery slope lifts.
On one occasion when Flair defeated Jimmy to win a date with Precious, he was instead ambushed by Ron Garvin once again in drag as Miss Atlanta Lively.
In RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, contestants Latrice Royale and Tammie Brown performed a lip-sync to the Ethel Merman version for the episode "RuPaul's Gaff-In."
S. H. Lawton, continued drag operations throughout the night.
Car Craft named an annual All-Star drag racing team each year plus a lifetime achievement award.
Despite their radical appearance, racing and test runs soon showed that this design generated a significant amount of aerodynamic drag and high speed instability.
The excess drag resulted in a top speed of  down the Mulsanne Straight at Le Mans.
Glen or Glenda (1953) as Banker / Reporter / Pickup Artist / Bearded Drag
Drag and drop interface.
Improper heel creates a tendency for the boat to turn off course, necessitating a correction with the rudder, which also increases drag.
Grave Digger #17 – Pro Modified drag racer sponsored by the team.
These parasitic organisms, which increase drag, offer no known benefit to the turtle, although the dulling effect of organisms on shell color may improve camouflage.
began his career as an aerospace engineer at NASA Johnson Space Center (JSC) from 1985 to 1997 working [3] on human spaceflight systems, including the aerodynamic design of the Space Shuttle orbiter drag parachute.
His backup singers, "The Bodacious TaTa's" were often mistaken for drag queens but always consisted of female singers and dancers including Micki French, Wendy Wild, April Palmieri, and Myra Schiller.
The notion of ganging several hoes together and applying draft animal power to drag them led to harrows, which while newer than the hoe are still quite ancient.
Rian Murphy is a drummer and producer for the Chicago record label Drag City, and also acts as the company's sales director.
She has also been a guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race 3.
They kill most prey less than  away from water bodies, charge prey from close range and drag carcasses into dense cover.
To achieve a small frontal area and reduce wave drag it had two Rolls-Royce Derwent engines mounted one above the other in the fuselage, echoing his earlier Westland P13 proposal.
None blew outwards, which would have caused a massive drag force on the plane.
It was released on Drag City.
She says, 'If you grew up where we grew up, if you weren't an artist, a drag queen, queer, or a drug addict, then you were the freak.'
Also, the use of either type fluid may result in a temporary degradation in the airplane's aerodynamic performance, a reduced stall margin, and an increase in drag.
During an interview, Martin commented spending his "entire life trying to drag him out of the shadows, because I know that he is a guitar hero – to me anyway".
The best-known form of motorcycle drag racing is the Pro Stock Bike category, although several other categories exist, including Top Fuel and Pro Street.
It causes a drag force to be exerted on the body.
His career began in 1996 as an artist in Swedish drag troupe After Dark and he was quickly appointed to "Christer Lindarws crown prince" and was also known as "Sweden's best looking girl".
Drag performer RuPaul co-hosted mornings with Michelle Visage, Lisa Taylor and Freddie Colon around this period, further helping their ratings.
Similar commands, such as x = 39.8 or x = 4.725, crashed the computer; the magazine described the results of the last command as "as bad a crash as you can get on the ST without seeing the machine rip free from its cables, drag itself to the edge of the desk, and leap into the trash bin".
Fairings may or may not be used on a sport bike; when used, fairings are shaped to reduce aerodynamic drag as much as possible and provide wind protection for the rider.
Some Formula 1 teams utilized a vertical stabilizer as a way to disrupt the airflow to the rear wing reducing drag, the most radical system being the "F-duct" found in the 2010 McLaren MP4-25 and Ferrari F10.
On October 29, 2012, Thelma was seen once again on Logo's RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars as the special comedian in which the contestants had to interact and have a comedic sketch.
The shell will follow a roughly parabolic path for the initial flight, but drag will slow the shell and cause it to return to Earth in a much more vertical path.
 Honey Mahogany (born 1983), American drag performer
Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him.
A 2016 study of specimens logged with accelerometers showed that great hammerhead sharks reduce drag and lessen energy expenditure by swimming on their side in a posture termed "rolled swimming".
Assuming they would be among many drag queens, they found themselves to be the only ones.
In June 2019, The Kinsey Sicks returned to Provincetown to perform Naked Drag Queens Singing!
A contemporaneous non-album single, "Land Beyond the Sun", was Flying Saucer Attack's first release on US label Drag City, who issued it on 25 September 1994, followed by a Domino release the following month.
A version of the folk song "Sally Free and Easy" was initially only released as a single on CD on 5 November 1996; the sleeve note explained that the pressing plant had been unable to cut it to vinyl (a US plant later achieved the feat by using a monaural master, and it was issued on 12" by Drag City).
 Turbulent Boundary Layer Drag Reduction, (May 2003; JSR-01-135)
The hatch covers, in particular, posed a problem, since without them the cargo hold could fill with water in the storm and drag the ship under.
Canted winglets have a less acute angle that reduces transonic drag and enlarge the span by , increasing wing area and aspect ratio.
Since 1988, Pacific Raceways has been home to the Northwest Nationals (originally known as the Seafair Nationals) of the NHRA Drag Racing Series.
NHRA Division 6 drag racing venues
The streamlined, low drag body of the vehicle is equipped with an air inlet for the engine which is conveniently located at the maximum static pressure region at the "nose".
The inverted wing was even equipped with a large aileron, such that the driver could adjust the generated downforce in such a way that the vehicle could achieve high traction during the acceleration phase and low drag (i.e.
and some drag queens have a successful career in music, such as La Prohibida, Nacha la Macha, or La Otxoa.
In the 1960s and throughout the 1970s, vandals uprooted trees, sawed the tops off the memorial's many evergreens (for use as Christmas trees), smashed windows with stones, held drag races on the lawns, and cut fences down for use as firewood.
The end result is similar but the method of action is a bit different from the versions described above (which are far more common in high-level professional motorsports such as rally) and is more commonly used for launching & drag racing.
With unique front and rear bumpers and side sills, and the rear spoiler from the S4 Avant, the aerodynamic modifications achieved a drag coefficient of Cd 0.34.
The film is mostly known for its queer elements, with Hepburn's character continuing to do drag even after it is not necessary anymore for the character, which "confused and disconcerted in equal measures."
While in drag, Sylvia is kissed by a woman and Monkley comments that he'd made "a proper hot water bottle" when they are changing to go to sleep.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, drag racers found the 392 to be a formidable engine and continued to run them competitively into the 1970s.
The 426 Hemi also was used in NHRA and AHRA drag racing.
XPlay is a drag and drop application created by Mediafour.
Miss Understood (aka Alex Heimberg) is an American drag queen originally from Levittown, New York, who has been based in New York City since the late 1980s.
In 1993, Miss Understood started a drag queen booking agency called Screaming Queens Entertainment, for which she acts as "CEO and Spokesmodel."
Combined with the performance of many far more complex tantric rituals, the coordinated efforts reached eleven separate district capitals, and spread through no fewer than seventy monasteries including Dorje Drag, Sera, and Drepung.
Another account writes that Charles said that: "...he will drag the Voivode from his cottage, as would any driver his oxen or shepherd his sheep."
With the storm at the surface the anchor of his vessel started to drag on the muddy seabed.
Happily bewildered he had to quickly recover and  follow the drag of his anchor as his vessel was dangerously approaching the rocky coast.
Even at the age of fifty-three, the durable stunt performer McGrath completed three separate horse fall and drag scenes for the 1956 John Wayne picture The Searchers not long after McGrath had barely recovered from having broken his back.
Ray Davies claimed to have done "a bit of research with drag queens" for the song's lyrics.
These were first popularly used as pit bikes, for drag racers to travel in the staging-areas during races.
 Don Garlits – three-time World Champion NHRA Top Fuel drag racer.
From there he would drag boats overland to seawater and sail the unknown coast west to the Back River and Franklin's Point Turnagain.
Auto enthusiasts come from around the Pacific Northwest for Sechelt's annual Sleepy Hollow Rod Run, and the "Show and Shine" held in conjunction with the August drag races at Sechelt Airport.
Under these conditions, the draft of the genoa is brought forward reducing the drag.
A Drag Queen Named Pipi.
A stag and doe party, stag and drag party, hen and stag party, buck and doe party, a jack and jill party, or a wedding social is a Canadian party and fundraiser for an engaged couple.
At the 1986 Tour de France, his rider Thierry Marie won the prologue by a quarter of a second with the aid of a "lower back rest" on his bicycle which functioned as an aileron to reduce aerodynamic drag, although the design was subsequently banned.
Saugers have a fusiform body structure, and as a result are well adapted predatory fishes and are capable of swimming into fast currents with minimal drag on their bodies.
A group of Blue Ribbons ambush them and drag Steve and Rachel to the programming center.
Marsha P. Johnson (August 24, 1945 – July 6, 1992), born and also known as Malcolm Michaels Jr., was an American gay liberation activist and self-identified drag queen.
Johnson came out and said “my life has been built around sex and gay liberation, being a drag queen” and sex work.
Johnson variably identified as gay, as a transvestite, and as a queen (referring to drag queen or "street queen").
Johnson sang and performed as a member of J. Camicias' international, NYC-based, drag performance troupe, Hot Peaches, from 1972 through to shows in the 1990s.
In the 1979 Village Voice article, "The Drag of Politics", by Steven Watson, and further elaborated upon by Stonewall historian Carter, it had perhaps been for this reason that other activists had been reluctant at first to credit Johnson for helping to spark the gay liberation movement of the early 1970s.
In 1973, Johnson and Rivera were banned from participating in the gay pride parade by the gay and lesbian committee who were administering the event stating they "weren't gonna allow drag queens" at their marches claiming they were "giving them a bad name".
During the fight he used a homophobic slur, and later bragged to someone at a bar that he had killed a drag queen named Marsha.
This radius is unusually small for the estimated age of the disk, which may be explained by drag from the Poynting–Robertson effect causing the dust to spiral inward.
The character of Madame George is considered by many to be a drag queen, although Morrison himself denied this in a Rolling Stone interview.
(He met her once, although he mistook her for a drag queen.
The first edit contains no footage of Suede, but instead features actor John Hurt performing the song to an empty amphitheater in drag.
Two county islands exist at the eastern end of Grand Prairie, Texas; the islands house a drag strip and a small speedway which the city has chosen not to annex (as per Texas law the city would then be required to provide law enforcement to them).
As part of the ’70s SEMA Shows, one of the must-attend events was Doris Herbert's Drag News party, which was topped only by the SEMA Awards Banquet.
 Farrah Moan, drag queen and entertainer
Chapter 6 Willie comes walking down the road; Sylvie and Bruno invisibly drag him away from the pub.
Beans Morocco as Drag Queen
Streamlined fairings were placed on the gear to reduce drag.
During this period he continued research, notably into the problems of high speed flight, wave drag, swept wing theory and initial steps on the road to the area rule, and he designed a fuselage shape later dubbed the "Küchemann Coke Bottle".
Everybody struggles against the world, fighting all the bullshit and things that can drag you down.
In the wake of the drag strip's closing, the airport has been actively promoting its use for film shoots, with the Ridgecrest Regional Film Commission marketing its (Runway 28) as "the region's #1 filming location".
A semi-rigid rotorhead does not have individual flapping or drag hinges but provides for flapping and lag motion through gimbal mounting.
A set toe can be applied to protect the toe from increased wear, as lack of flexion in the hock will cause the horse to drag its toe.
This drag force can be expressed according to the equation:
Moving through this field of solute atoms would therefore produce a similar drag on dislocations as the Cottrell atmosphere.
The One gave the Amiga version of Lords of the Realm an overall score of 84%, praising the game's controls, and stating "Presentation is excellent throughout, making good use of drag bars to make sure you always know exactly what's going on ... everything looks neat and pretty" and referring to the sound effects as "charming".
Given a sphere of radius , travelling at velocity , in a Stokes fluid with dynamic viscosity , the drag force  is given by:
Later aerodynamic testing further honed efficiency, bringing the car's drag coefficient () down to just 0.32 prior to DOT crash testing in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
For example, the approximation of air resistance as zero was the only option before the formulation of Stokes' law allowed the calculation of drag forces.
 Eddie Hill – drag racer
The FXX Evo was improved from the standard FXX by continually adjusting specifics to generate more power and quicker gear changes, along with reducing the car's aerodynamic drag.
Chris Karamesines - drag racer and one of NHRA's early pioneers
Aerodynamically, the car had two configurations: one for sprint circuits and a low drag version for the 5.8 kilometre Mulsanne Straight at Le Mans.
The sprint circuit configuration had a L/D ratio of 4:1 while the low drag version was around 3:1.
The Salem witches drag Kim away from the party before the police arrive, and explain the secret history of the witch families of Salem.
It was also said that he was overly talkative at imperial meetings, causing them to drag on overly long.
The cable would be attached, and, on signal, the donkey's operator (an engineer) would open the regulator, allowing the steam donkey to drag, or "skid", the log towards it.
PALGNs Jeremy Jastrzab felt that the game's menus were convoluted and difficult to navigate, and also felt that the game began to drag near the end of the story.
Edmund was able to drag Jeffrey to safety, while unbeknownst to them, Cassie entered the burning barn and spotted RJ trapped at the top level.
Joey Arias is an American artist based in New York City, best known for work as a performance artist, cabaret singer, and drag artist, but also as a published author, comedian, stage persona and film actor.
1976) – American drag actor, singer, and activist
La Jenelles starboard anchor – the only one out – began to drag.
Natriuresis lowers the concentration of sodium in the blood and also tends to lower blood volume because osmotic forces drag water out of the body's blood circulation and into the urine along with the sodium.
Drag and drop support for adding new items to the menu as well as reorganizing the contents of the All Programs view is no longer available.
As the fight with She-Hulk takes the team away from the city and their powers return, the Countess has Minoru turn their feet into cement shoes and drag them under water.
Also known as Vogue, is a style of house music emerging in the late 1980s associated with the gay, transgender and drag community.
Witch house (also known as drag or haunted house) is an occult-themed dark electronic music microgenre and visual aesthetic that emerged in the late 2000s and early 2010s.
When Dark Elves invade Manhattan, Billy is summoned by Loki, who is initially disguised as Kate Bishop, to a drag bar where he attempts to convince him to side with Malekith in the war.
While Wiccan is off on Strikeforce duties, the events of Emperor Hulkling start at a drag bar, where Hulkling is drinking with fellow Young Avengers Prodigy and Speed, who are also depicted as a gay couple.
Chi Chi LaRue  Lawrence David (born 1959), porn director and cross dressing drag DJ including Lawrence David
For her, this myth usefully indicates how drag, which can be subversive of patriarchal systems, can also reinforce them.
Oliveira had previously shown the couple having a queer everyday life with Wiccan going to a drag brunch with Loki, with Hulkling largely lounging on the sofa at home, eating breakfast cereal from a bowl balanced on Excelsior, his Star Sword.
In two comics written by Anthony Oliveira, Hulkling is also shown (mis)using Excelsior as background furniture — in Drag Brunch with Loki, Hulkling is depicted eating breakfast cereal using Excelsior as a table; in Emperor Hulkling, Excelsior is leaning against his nightstand, with a dirty sock hanging over the hilt.
Prior to entering NASCAR competition, Roush had competed and won championships in various drag racing and sports car racing series since the mid-1960s, including the NHRA, SCCA Trans-Am Series, IMSA GT Championship, and the 24 Hours of Daytona.
As a dying Wesker attempts to drag the helicopter into the volcano, Chris and Sheva fire rocket-propelled grenades at Wesker, killing him.
The local Lions Club and the Clark County Sheriff's Department also sanctioned drag racing here.
By measuring the change of the satellite's orbit due to atmospheric drag, it was determined that the models derived from Explorer 17 had been off by 35%, mostly due to calibration errors.
The car had a somewhat plain exterior designed for aerodynamics, with a low 0.25 coefficient of drag.
Dressing in drag and other forms of gender inversion were also staples of their films.
In 1997, the Intruder was renamed Raptor after being updated with a V-shaped split windshield that reduced drag.
Many rear-handled chainsaws are used in a state, owing to poor maintenance, where there is some clutch drag and so the chain does move slowly at idle.
In addition to landing gear problems, expected top speed was not being met due to shortcomings in the laminar-flow wing surface finish, relatively high radiator drag (compared to the North American P-51 Mustang, which was then flying), and less than specified engine output performance.
The formation of these shockwaves causes wave drag.
The adoption of the supercritical airfoil amongst modern jet aircraft has diminished the use of some other methods of decreasing wave drag.
This shock causes transonic wave drag and can induce flow separation behind it; both have negative effects on the airfoil's performance.
The airflow, now turbulent, reattaches to the surface aft of the bubble; the increase in drag is not extreme in this condition.
The duo later turned heel and began to dress in drag, which included wearing breast cones.
Then they drag the carcass into cover, occasionally over several hundred meters, to consume it.
Without concern for his own life, Mr. Fader, who had been thrown from the aircraft, returned through the intense fire to release the pilot's seat belt and drag the man out through the flames.
On an edge or corner of a window the pointer usually changes into a double arrow (horizontal, vertical, or diagonal) indicating that the user can drag the edge/corner in an indicated direction to adjust the size and shape of the window.
The aerodynamic drag generated as the vehicle descends into the atmosphere slows the spacecraft.
The inflatable aeroshell is often referred to as a hybrid system, with a rigid nosepiece and an inflated, attached decelerator to increase the drag area.
As a drag racer, the GN's main opponent is the Ford Mustang, a prime example of GM's long-standing rivalry with Ford .
The hard drives containing the data it had collected were eventually located and recovered from the drag path, but the telescope was mostly destroyed.
In addition, collectors, or drag struts, to distribute shear along a diaphragm length are required.
Both of these factors help to reduce drag.
Brugsch documented the height of the different parts of the tomb and the measurement of the opening was just big enough to drag out the coffins.
Compared to "fast freight" trains, drag freight trains have a very low power-to-weight ratio, making them somewhat unpredictable on steep grades or hilly routes.
Before and during WWI and into the 1920s, large locomotives such as the 2-8-2 Mikado were typically used for drag freight operations.
As many as 4-11 locomotives may be used for a heavy haul drag freight.
Sazonov accepted Grey's proposal for a conference despite his reservations about the dangers of splitting the Triple Entente, Grey wrote to Sazonov that Britain did not have a cause to war with Serbia, but subsequent developments might drag Britain into the conflict.
Recovery is sometimes impossible in subsonic aircraft; however, as an aircraft descends into lower, warmer, denser air, control authority (meaning the ability to control the aircraft) may return because drag tends to slow the aircraft while the speed of sound and control authority both increase.
During flight, the rear set of wheels folds into the main vehicle body to prevent unnecessary drag.
At this point, the attacking wrestler kneels forward to the ground, forcing the opponent's own arm to drag them to the attacker's exposed knee.
Enrique Hinojosa Vázquez (March 1, 1963 – April 11, 2016), known professionally as Miss Shangay Lily, was a Spanish drag queen, writer, actor, and director.
He then turned to literature and confirmed his maverick position by publishing four books with some of Spain's major publishing houses, an unheard-of feat for a drag queen.
The wing has a reflexed (negative angle of attack) trailing edge to reduce drag at cruise.
Anne comes home the morning after to find Peter on the balcony threatening to jump if she leaves, the two argue and Anne walks out, we then see Peter's second transformation, this time in drag as Anne who is dubbing the breakup to make it look as though they had reconciled.
Other coastal barangays has resorted to seaweeds farming as alternative livelihood and to prevent corals and sea grass from further degradation from drag net and trawl fishing.
The EV1 had a 100kW motor; GM reduced the S-10EV's motor because of the additional weight and drag of the truck so as not to overstress the batteries.
Hopper represents the fringes of hippiedom for us, yet his character here is also being promoted as a robust politico—an Abbie Hoffman in Rip Van Winkle drag.
This design aimed to improve both supersonic wave drag with high leading-edge sweep and low thickness/chord ratio at the root, and low-speed lift through flow separation at the leading edge which creates a rolled up vortex on top of the wing.
In fluid dynamics, drag (sometimes called air resistance, a type of friction, or fluid resistance, another type of friction or fluid friction) is a force acting opposite to the relative motion of any object moving with respect to a surrounding fluid.
Drag force is proportional to the velocity for low-speed flow and the squared velocity for high speed flow, where the distinction between low and high speed is measured by the Reynolds number.
In the physics of sports, the drag force is necessary to explain the motion of balls, javelins, arrows and frisbees and the performance of runners and swimmers.
The wave drag of the supersonic Concorde prototype aircraft was reduced at Mach 2 by 1.8% by applying the area rule which extended the rear fuselage 3.73m on the production aircraft.
The drag coefficient depends on the shape of the object and on the Reynolds number
It can be demonstrated that drag force can be expressed as a function of a dimensionless number, which is dimensionally identical to the Bejan number.
Sometimes a body is a composite of different parts, each with a different reference areas, in which case a drag coefficient corresponding to each of those different areas must be determined.
For an object with well-defined fixed separation points, like a circular disk with its plane normal to the flow direction, the drag coefficient is constant for Re > 3,500.
Under the assumption that the fluid is not moving relative to the currently used reference system, the power required to overcome the aerodynamic drag is given by:
With a doubling of speed the drag (force) quadruples per the formula.
In this case, the force of drag is approximately proportional to velocity.
we find a drag force of 0.09 pN.
From the body's perspective (near-field approach), the drag results from forces due to pressure distributions over the body surface, symbolized , and forces due to skin friction, which is a result of viscosity, denoted .
Those forces can be summed and the component of that force that acts downstream represents the drag force, , due to pressure distribution acting on the body.
In the absence of viscosity, the pressure forces acting to retard the vehicle are canceled by a pressure force further aft that acts to push the vehicle forward; this is called pressure recovery and the result is that the drag is zero.
The net friction drag, , is calculated as the downstream projection of the viscous forces evaluated over the body's surface.
When the airplane produces lift, another drag component results.
An alternative perspective on lift and drag is gained from considering the change of momentum of the airflow.
Induced drag tends to be the most important component for airplanes during take-off or landing flight.
He proposed an ideal aircraft that would have minimal drag which led to the concepts of a 'clean' monoplane and retractable undercarriage.
This means that as the wing's angle of attack increases (up to a maximum called the stalling angle), the lift coefficient also increases, and so too does the lift-induced drag.
At even higher speeds (transonic), wave drag enters the picture.
The combined overall drag curve therefore shows a minimum at some airspeed - an aircraft flying at this speed will be at or close to its optimal efficiency.
At the subsonic airspeeds where the "U" shape of this curve is significant, wave drag has not yet become a factor, and so it is not shown in the curve.
In transonic flight (Mach numbers greater than about 0.8 and less than about 1.4), wave drag is the result of the formation of shockwaves in the fluid, formed when local areas of supersonic (Mach number greater than 1.0) flow are created.
In supersonic flight (Mach numbers greater than 1.0), wave drag is the result of shockwaves present in the fluid and attached to the body, typically oblique shockwaves formed at the leading and trailing edges of the body.
Similarly, for a fixed volume, the shape for minimum wave drag is the Von Karman Ogive.
In 1752 d'Alembert proved that potential flow, the 18th century state-of-the-art inviscid flow theory amenable to mathematical solutions, resulted in the prediction of zero drag.
However, all experiments at high Reynolds numbers showed there is drag.
'Computational Investigation of Base Drag Reduction for a Projectile at Different Flight Regimes', M A Suliman et al.
Aerodynamic Drag and its effect on the acceleration and top speed of a vehicle.
If they were actively engaged in newaza the referee would call sono-mama to freeze them into position, drag them to the middle of the competition area, and call yoshi to restart the match in the same situation.
These minigames include Soccer, Roulette, and Drag Races.
 Jim Liberman, American drag racer
However, the inability of British commanders to defeat the Revolution led the war to drag on for eight years, resulting in the Continental Army's capture of two major British armies (Battle of Saratoga, Battle of Yorktown) and eroding the British political will to attempt a military solution.
The reason for the maximum completion percentage falling short is due to a planned drag racing mode that was never implemented.
Her 1994 film Mr B. presented Sisler herself in drag as a man.
Then, using drag and drop, an operator can give goal names, tasks and macros into a "route" or program for the robot to follow.
In addition, at least in the Southwestern Atlantic (Río de la Plata, Uruguay), exotic invasive species such as the rapa whelk Rapana venosa, were reported massively bio-fouling immature green turtles, reducing buoyancy, increasing drag, and causing severe injuries to the carapace.
If he does not stop, We will drag him by the forelock
Then click and drag to resize the shape.
On RuPaul's Drag Race 3, Vilanch appeared as a guest judge dressed as Santa Claus.
As well as performing in non-profit benefits, Vilanch's charitable work includes serving on the honorary board of Aid For AIDS and once serving as master of ceremonies for the Los Angeles organization's largest annual fundraiser, "Quest for the Crown" (later changed to "Best In Drag Show").
Fishing the more remote bass water is therefore usually the domain of the hardened backpacking fisherman or the dedicated kayak fisherman willing to drag his kayak over numerous logs and other obstacles.
Messenger adds drag and drop file sharing capability with version 7.
In the mid-1990s, Thompson returned to the United States, signing with Drag City and releasing further albums.
In 1995, Drag City released 1967's Coconut Hotel LP and in 1998 issued The Red Krayola Live 1967 with material from the Angry Arts Festival and Berkeley Folk Music Festival including their live collaboration with John Fahey.
Manohla Dargis of The New York Times called the film "a fairy tale in realist drag ... the kind of entertainment that goes down smoothly until it gets stuck in your craw ...
Ruff, a percussion rudiment similar to the drag
Even with these modifications, the TB-3 bomber had to ditch the glider during its only flight, on September 2, 1942, to avoid crashing, due to the T-60's extreme drag (although the tank reportedly glided smoothly).
A straight jacket variation, also known as a cross-armed neckbreaker and double handcuff neckbreaker, exists and sees where the wrestler face their opponent, grab both of their arms and twist around so they have their opponent in a straight jacket hold before finally dropping down to drag the opponent to the floor.
lang, Drag (Warner Bros., 1997)
In 2001, she married Ming on a Dorset cliff top; they wore drag.
It also allows the player to swing the opponent around, drag them, strangle them, lift them to their feet if they fall to their knees, slam them against walls, smash their head against counters, throw them over ledges and out windows, and perform execution maneuvers when the opponent is suitably weakened.
While a sled rider can drag their arms on the snow to brake or steer to a degree, attempting this on a tube will often cause the tube to spin.
The pair dressed up in a hodgepodge of ethnic drag and bits of Americana such as a baseball cap and grass skirt in the case of Fusco, and face paint and a leopard-skin wrestling mask for Gómez-Peña.
The main advantage of the BWB is to reduce wetted area and the accompanying form drag associated with a conventional wing-body junction.
The BWB form minimises the total wetted area - the surface area of the aircraft skin, thus reducing skin drag to a minimum.
Body: steel (earlier models had aluminum bodies), streamlined, four doors, low drag despite flat recessed side glass, front and rear window rubber gaskets, rain gutters
Visage went on to become a TV and radio talk show host, along with RuPaul in NYC and on the cable channel VH1 and can be seen as a current judge on the reality competition  show RuPaul's Drag Race.
Visage became prominent in the New York drag ball scene and learned voguing from various people including Willi Ninja.
And when Ru began casting judges for season one of RuPaul's Drag Race he invited Visage to become a permanent member of the show.
So on January 24, 2011, Visage debuted as a permanent judge, along with Santino Rice and Billy B, on season three of RuPaul's Drag Race, replacing Merle Ginsberg.
In 2019, she received her first Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Competition Program, having been a producer of Drag Race since its eleventh season.
In 2021, Visage served as a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under.
Performance was better than +4, because the fibreglass kept the weight low in spite of more interior space, and the more modern shape had less air drag.
He was also a part of other dance companies, including Hemsley Winfield and Asadata Dafora, even dancing in drag with the New Negro Art Theatre Dance Troupe.
Aja (entertainer), Egyptian-Moroccan, known for competing on RuPaul's Drag Race
However, the design was still quite ambitious; the design team tried to maintain a true airfoil section through the center fuselage, merge the rear portions of the engine nacelles with the wing, and radically fillet all edges of the fuselage and nacelles into the wings in an effort to reduce drag.
In 1964, the festival added one of its most popular and controversial events, drag boat racing on Town Lake.
By the end of the decade, the drag boat races were gone from Town Lake and pressure was on to find a new location to hold other Aqua Fest events.
He included him in his book Killer Of Go, saying he'd drag out his games so they'd be longer and then his opponent would lose their edge.
More powerful engines and modified propellers were installed, winglets were added to reduce drag and increase the wings' efficiency, and the tail was made larger in response to the more powerful engines.
It was not until the addition of a drag canopy on the riser lines (known as a "slider") which slowed their spread that the parafoil became a suitable parachute.
I told them to stop giving posters to their dealers otherwise I would drag them through the courts.
Cp, drag coefficient of the actual test projectile at range.
He showed that drag on shot increases proportionately with the density of the air (or the fluid), cross sectional area, and the square of the speed.
So, investigations to develop a theoretical drag model began.
Bashforth found that the drag of his test projectiles varied with the square of  velocity (v2) from  to  and with the cube of velocity (v3) from  to .
When b is equal to or less than v2, then b is equal to P for the drag of a projectile.
These formulae produce the projectile velocity at range, drag and trajectories.
The method estimates the ballistic coefficient related to the drag model of the Ingalls tables.
Several different drag curve models optimized for several standard projectile shapes are available, however.
A form factor (i) greater than 1 indicates the particular projectile exhibits more drag than the applied reference projectile shape.
Satellites in low Earth orbit (LEO) with high ballistic coefficients experience smaller perturbations to their orbits due to atmospheric drag.
Taylor appears, dressed in drag, brandishing a rolling pin, midway through the Girlschool promotional video for their 1980 song "Yeah, Right".
As the Man tries to leave through the door that Mr. Thomas claims to be the Man's door, the Man has his suspicions in which if he steps out the door, two gorillas in ballerina dresses would grab him, drag him back into the cube, throw him to the ground, and dance around him singing "Home!
Victoria Sharpe) is an American dance music singer and drag performer.
Boom Boom Room was Singapore's only drag queen cabaret nightclub and thought by many also to be Singapore's only real national institution in the same uninhibited spirit as the original Bugis Street.
However, many thought other reasons were that the shows were getting stale, the drag queens were getting old (Kumar was 36) with no fresh blood to carry the torch and the existing ones not having what it took, and the club's poor location.
Aiming for the high-end market, Gold Dust boasts professional dancers with flamboyant Mardi Gras-type costumes, and women dancing alongside drag performers.
Instead, it addressed the issues of Groove drag and lateral rigidity, the ultimate objective of which was to stabilise the relationship between cartridge stylus and the spinning record groove.
In 2001, Cope announced the formation of Quest Motor Racing, a team he would co-own with drag racer Warren Johnson.
So, in the song's video, the members of the band dressed in drag as some of the soap's most famous female characters.
 Drag and drop support
Some aircraft such as the Fairey Swordfish biplane used against submarines had steel "anti-blast" panels fitted under the rails to protect the wing, which further increased weight and drag.
Canadian recording artist and drag queen Mina Mercury also recorded the song in 2019.
Sony has not introduced drag and drop support for music files.
The Liberal Party, which had been denied power through electoral victories, had planned an uprising, "hoping to drag the United States into the fray".
"Music" was featured during the ninth season of American reality competition series, RuPaul's Drag Race.
", and it was fostered by the group's experiences dressing in drag for the Carnival of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
According to de Freitas, recording the album was a slow process: "Porcupine was very hard to actually write and record [...] Heaven Up Here was pure confidence, we did it really quickly; we had a great time doing it – but this one was like we had to drag it out of ourselves."
He also had small cameos in Heaven's a Drag and Bloodmoon, a 1997 martial arts action film.
He moved to drag racing in 1998 and, as of 2020, has been NHRA Top Fuel Championship runner-up a total of six times.
A foil is a solid object with a shape such that when placed in a moving fluid at a suitable angle of attack the lift (force generated perpendicular to the fluid flow) is substantially larger than the drag (force generated parallel to the fluid flow).
However, while it does generate lift, it also generates a large amount of drag.
When designing a rudder a key design factor is the minimization of drag in its neutral position, which is balanced with the need to produce sufficient lift with which to turn the craft at a reasonable rate.
1 propeller could not be feathered, leading to increased drag on that side.
In 2016, the geisha look was adapted on the Logo TV series RuPaul's Drag Race, season eight.
Thru-hub exhaust was claimed to be more efficient by omitting the added drag of an exhaust chute, and using the low-pressure area necessarily created by the gear housing and propeller moving through the water to assist in exhaust evacuation.
The revue was performed exclusively by males in drag costume, and Carlotta performed spot-numbers as a singer and comedian.
Following the Second World War, turbojets and jet turbine powered aircraft have come to dominate flight regimes where water cooled piston engines offered the advantage of reduced drag.
Each track has its own obstacles: Off-road has bumps you have to avoid, drag involves your car swaying from side to side along the track and street involves your car slowing and sliding around turns.
By depressing a floor pedal that was in the position of the clutch in other cars, Hall was able to feather or flatten out, the "normally" negative-incidence wing's angle when downforce was not needed (as on a straight track section) to reduce drag and increase top speed.
Seeking a competitive edge, the 2H was built in 1969 as the replacement for the 2G to minimize drag.
As the demon grabs Spike and tries to drag him away, Buffy battles with and finally kills the demon.
It was released under the band name Palace Brothers on Drag City in 1993.
It was released under the moniker Palace Music on Drag City in 1995.
Another one of the most popular forms of motorsports in the United States is the indigenous sport of drag racing.
However, the captain ignored the fact that the FMS was not designed to take into account the extra drag produced by the extended landing gear.
Zorro then attempts to drag Elizabeth away with him, justifying himself by claiming that most of her new body belongs to him.
 The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, a 1994 Australian film of two drag queens and a transgender woman's journey across the Outback
 The Varsity Drag - Flo, Millie, Windy, Sylvester
TV as well as his songs "I Heard the Angels Singing", "Stagolee", "New Home" and "Don't Ever Let Nobody Drag Your Spirit Down"
Important are the frontal surface area and the coefficient of drag.
The weight of the car and aerodynamic drag have also been reduced.
On initial firing of the starter's gun, driver and crew proceed to drag the craft to an appropriate depth.
 Couette drag plate flow
The study was the first to provide direct evidence that the electrohydrodynamic force responsible for the ionic wind is caused by a charged particle drag that occur as the electrons and ions push the neutral particles away.
Shortly afterwards the Republic's government, led by John Costello of Fine Gael, feared that the IRA's action would drag it into a diplomatic confrontation with Britain.
The pirates capture Conan and drag him to the ruins, where they discuss his fate, before passing out drunk.
It was hoped that this configuration would have less aerodynamic drag than a conventional airplane.
Drag City (record label) albums
IHRA Drag Racing 2004
The situation is a bunch of drag queens taking some sailors home with them, shooting up on smack and having this orgy when the police appear."
As the muscle car market took shape, Ford built a small number of Fairlane two door hard tops prepared for drag racing during the 1963 season.
Following the type's entry into RAF service, it became apparent that a major drag problem was preventing the initial five aircraft from attaining Short's desired performance.
A trap road with stops is a short dead-end siding leading to some method of stopping a vehicle, such as a sand drag or buffer stop.
He also frequently performed in drag.
The HondaJet's engines are positioned in such a way that the airflow over the wing is superimposed with the airflow around the engine to minimize wave drag at high speed.
This is variously due to one or both of: Yield drag, wherein the trait itself lowers yield, either by competing for synthesis feedstock or by being inserted slightly inaccurately, into the middle of a yield-relevant gene; and/or yield lag, wherein it takes some time to breed the newest yield genetics into the GM lines.
In 19th century physics, there were several situations in which the motion of matter might be said to drag light.
Einstein's theory of special relativity provides the solution to the Fizeau Experiment, which demonstrates the effect termed Fresnel drag whereby the velocity of light is modified by travelling through a moving medium.
Kontact has gained a new planner summary and support for drag and drop in the free/busy view.
As their house burns, Edward and Trudy manage to drag their unconscious mother to safety.
The airport is the site of the 1955 National Hot Rod Association U.S. Nationals, the first nationwide NHRA drag racing event.
measurements of the Fresnel drag coefficient) by Hippolyte Fizeau in moving and also resting liquids.
Following this, the band's debut album, also entitled Kind of a Drag, was released on USA Records and featured the band's early recordings.
The guest list included Ego Plum, Kim Fowley, Jessicka, Lenora Claire, Ramzi Abed, Hollie Stevens and drag queens Squeaky Blonde and Fade-Dra.
Periwinkles are usually picked off the rocks by hand or caught in a drag from a boat.
Ellen converses with her friend Michael Flores, a gay teenager who was violently beaten by his classmates after showing up to his junior prom in drag.
MacDonald began racing in 1956, running a ’55 Chevrolet Corvette on Southern Californian drag strips.
Some tricks include the forward fender, layout fender (also known as the Indian Hideaway), one foot stand , spritz stand, shoulder stand, back drag, hippodrome, vault, reverse one foot stand, and spin the horn.
In Doughboys Buster Keaton in drag dances the woman's part in an Apache dance.
Abidi managed to drag Aerts into a brawl and caused a huge upset by KOing him in round one.
She said "[Angie] could be on the floor, drunk, weeping buckets, mascara everywhere, then drag herself up the next morning in that old blue dressing gown, tidy herself up and be in the bar that night telling jokes and looking a million dollars."
 Drag (1929) as Dot
The ability to drag a long stream of tea above the heads of the patrons without giving them a shower is an amusing novelty for the locals and tourists alike.
Often comical, her works pictured people whom she encountered in everyday life, including people enjoying themselves in pubs, girls shopping or out on a hen night, drag queen shows or a family picnicking by the seaside or abroad.
Engineers building a reentry capsule must take forces such as gravity and drag into consideration.
Drag is the capsule's resistance to it moving through air.
The speed of a spacecraft highly depends on the combined effect of the two forces — gravity, which can speed up a rocket, and drag, which will slow down the rocket.
Mark Donohue qualified fourth anyway, which was the result of an aerodynamic configuration that favored downforce over drag, which helped in the twistier sections.
A 1997 winner of the Alternative Miss Ireland competition which helped ignite his career, Buckley hosts a weekly bingo and drag show in Dublin's largest gay bar, The George.
 maricona—used in southern Spain to refer to a drag queen, in an often humorous manner.
This type of bench is equipped with an electrical machine to emulate resistance due to aerodynamic drag and vehicle mass (inertia).
The drag chute has been deployed in a crosswind of up to 20 knots under actual test conditions.
Drag coefficient was 0.33 for the GTV and 0.38 for the Spider.
 Henry Butler, Viper's Drag (Impulse!, 2014)
The venue has prided itself on the variety of its events over the years hosting live music, comedians, theatre productions, record fairs, cabaret, drag, and talks.
The power needed varies almost linearly with altitude, but the nature of drag means that it varies with the square of speed—in other words it is typically easier to go higher than faster, up to the altitude where lack of oxygen for the engines starts to play a significant role.
It is now themed as an abandoned drag racer that is used as the escape cart to escape the Dark Forest.
Oshin finds her in the brothel, asks Ken to drag her out, and slaps her.
The woman, in mule form, would be forced to drag chains during nights on which there were thunderstorms.
It was re-released by the Glass label in 1985 and  Drag City in 2008.
In 2010, Niblett released her fifth studio album, The Calcination of Scout Niblett, marking her debut release with Drag City.
To avoid any possible implication in the Kincora Boys' Home scandal, Duddy ended the drag act in 1981 under orders from Tyrie, who also told him to grow a moustache and drop his voice.
The song was used in a lip-sync of RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World in 2022.
Its gross weight increased by  over the earlier prototypes, but the reduction in drag from the new cowling was significant and the top speed increased to  at 5000 meters.
Like the PBY Catalina before it, the PB2Y's wingtip floats retracted to reduce drag and increase range, with the floats' buoyant hulls acting as the wingtips when retracted.
Reviewing for Creem in 1973, Robert Christgau said: "From the drag queen on the cover to the fop finery in the centerfold to the polished deformity of the music on the record, this celebrates the kind of artifice that could come to seem as unhealthy as the sheen on a piece of rotten meat.
The film WUSS was shot at Garland High, as well as the 2016 LGBT-Comedy film “Hurricane Bianca”, starring drag queen Bianca Del Rio.
The reason for this was a misconception of the Ministry of Aviation Industry, that radial engines in NACA cowlings were poorly suited for aircraft with top speeds of over 500 km/h (310 mph), owing to high drag.
The rightward bow of the figures around the wagon provides the force for the viewer's eye to move with them on their journey and the cart is drawn by infernal beings which drag everyone to Hell, depicted on the right panel.
4 engine's fuel pressure was zero and its RPM was dropping, and he feathered the prop, hoping that the resulting reduction in drag would help the airplane accelerate and climb.
Soon after, he began performing this character in drag with the Feast of Fools cabaret act and in art galleries and underground theatres.
The knees are slightly bent to facilitate the kicking action, but not too much in order to minimise drag created by the thighs as they move out of the shadow of the swimmer's body.
In Johnny Loftus' Allmusic review of the album, he gives it two stars out of five and mentioning how the songs seem to drag on and that "the biggest problem with Healthy in Paranoid Times, besides its inflated thematic framework, is its lack of distinction."
The video begins with the Pussycat Dolls drag racing on jeeps, which one of them is a Ford Bronco in an abandoned waterway.
After parading Winthrop in drag, Robson tells Beecher he would rape Guenzel (a family friend).
For any given operational condition, a selected speed and altitude for instance, any given aircraft will require a certain amount of power simply to maintain those conditions, due largely to the effects of drag.
For instance, an aircraft with high thrust for weight may have high specific excess power but nevertheless suffer from very high induced drag during turns - this was very common on delta wing aircraft for instance - in which case it will attempt to avoid turns and instead use climbs and dives to its advantage.
It has a pronounced sway back and a large sagging belly, which in pregnant sows may drag on the ground.
This configuration gave the correct wing incidence for takeoff and for flight and in the latter a much reduced drag compared to the deep hulls of flying boats.
Manohla Dargis of The New York Times wrote that "it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director's obvious ability", stating that "the violence [in the film] carries no meaning beyond the creator's ego."
Pertwee had sought her advice about his upcoming portrayal of a troubled trombonist and drag queen in the film Dirty Weekend.
The anhedral of the wing's center-section also permitted the wing and fuselage to meet at the optimum angle for minimizing drag, without using wing root fairings or other measures.
The other main distinguishing feature of that show was that band members appeared in drag.
Billy More, 40, Italian drag queen music artist.
The essay "Is Madea A Drag Queen?"
26 Quaker State Buick Regal for champion drag racer Kenny Bernstein and crew chief Larry McReynolds.
The reduction in drag is dramatic; in the middle of a well-developed group it can be as much as 40%.
Rory O'Neill (born 16 November 1968), also known by his stage names Panti, Panti Bliss and Pandora Panti Bliss, is a drag queen and gay rights activist from Ballinrobe, County Mayo, Ireland.
Panti occasionally appears at Shirley Temple Bar's weekly drag queen Bingo show in the Dublin gay bar The George.
The on-board recovery system consisted of a servomechanism that shut down the engine, deployed a drag chute (to cause the drone to nose over) and opened the main parachute at a preset altitude.
The review found that the "one-damn-thing-after-another progression straggles on a reel too long, delaying the inevitable and pleasing volcanic eruption finale with a hostage-taking psychopath who only pops in to drag things out until the big bang."
Greg also reveals to Nick while working on a case about illegal drag racing in the episode "Internal Combustion" that he once stole his Papa Olaf's car while he was taking a nap when he was 12, took it round the block twice and almost ran over his own foot when trying to reverse it back into the driveway.
Miss Rollarette — drag performer; carries a wand and goes about on roller skates; friend of Miss Yootha Truth.
In applications which support the ability of the user to drag selected text, it is possible to select a word and drop it onto the icon of the Dictionary application in the Dock.
Contestants are judged on criteria including their dance talent, the beauty of their clothing, and the "realness" of their drag - i.e., their ability to pass as a member of the group or sex they are portraying.
Drag is presented as a complex performance of gender, class, and race, and a way to express one's identity, desires and aspirations.
Other authors such as Judith Butler and Phillip Harper have focused on the drag queens' desire to perform and present "realness".
Valentino explained, "I didn't want Supergirl - and she was, basically, Starhawk in drag.
 Blair St. Clair (Andrew Bryson), drag performer
To further reduce drag, the funnel was telescopic and could be lowered.
The resulting body shape resulted in a very low 0.239  drag coefficient.
The Busemann biplane is a theoretical aircraft configuration invented by Adolf Busemann, which avoids the formation of N-type shock waves and thus does not create a sonic boom or the associated wave drag.
These shock waves correspond to pressure changes which impede airflow, known as wave drag.
The internal alignment of the shock waves means that Busemann's biplane produces minimum wave drag.
Operation away from the design cruise speed or angle of attack destroys the constructive interference and results in shock choking and flow hysteresis effects, which greatly increase drag.
Wave drag has two causes, one due to the bulk or form of the plane and the other due to the lift generated.
Busemann's original geometry eliminated all wave drag and hence also lift.
Another approach is to modify the airfoil geometry to provide acceptable performance over a range of off-design conditions, at the expense of some form drag even at the optimum design point.
Balf Quarry was released in May 2009 on Drag City.
In addition, it seeks a torque equilibrium attitude (TEA), in which the combined torque contribution of gravity gradient, atmospheric drag, solar pressure, and geomagnetic interactions are minimized.
During launch the ET accelerated to about 98% of orbital speed before being dropped and deliberately spun in order to increase its drag.
Aerin is severely injured but manages to drag herself onto Talat, who carries her home.
The brothers, who do not want to be in the black book of Liangshan, subtly loosen the ropes on Lu and allow Shi Xiu to drag him away.
 Drag and drop operations
Justin Jacob Long (born June 2, 1978) is an American actor, comedian, director and screenwriter, known for roles in such films as Jeepers Creepers (2001), Dodgeball (2004), Accepted (2006), Live Free or Die Hard (2007),  He's Just Not That Into You (2009), Drag Me to Hell (2009), Tusk (2014), Comet (2014), and The Lookalike (2014).
The vane moves because of the drag force of the air flow against it; it does not measure volume or mass directly.
White Magic's debut album Through The Sun Door was released on Drag City, and Blood on the Wall released three full-length albums, Blood on the Wall, Awesomer, and Liferz, all on The Social Registry label.
Generally the orbit insertion deceleration is performed with the main engine so that the spacecraft gets into a highly elliptical “capture orbit” and only later the apocenter can be lowered with further decelerations, or even using the atmospheric drag in a controlled way, called aerobraking, to lower the apocenter and circularize the orbit while minimizing the use of onboard fuel.
While attending grade school in Los Angeles during the 1930s, Teague built model airplanes before turning to hot rods, since his schoolmates included Ed Iskendarian (who became a drag racer), and land speed racer Stuart Hilborn, as well as other car enthusiasts.
It was also featured on the finale of the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, where contestants Monét X-Change and Trinity The Tuck had to lipsync to it in order to win the competition.
 Wheel spats, British term for aerodynamic fairings that reduce the drag on fixed-undercarriage aircraft 
To keep drag low, wingspan must be limited, which also reduces the aerodynamic efficiency when flying slowly.
Supersonic jets and rocket vehicles require several times greater thrust to push through the extra aerodynamic drag experienced within the transonic region (around Mach 0.85–1.2).
The key to having low supersonic drag is to properly shape the overall aircraft to be long and thin, and close to a "perfect" shape, the von Karman ogive or Sears-Haack body.
A key feature of these designs is the ability to maintain supersonic cruise for long periods, so low drag is essential to limit fuel consumption to a practical and economic level.
Later, Skandalakis's negative advertising was blamed for Republican losses, and he was viewed as "a drag on the [Republican] ticket."
Ms Churcher said it would have been ridiculous to drag the case through the courts: 
Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 albums
After the single charted in the UK, she performed it on Top of the Pops, where she wore the 'IndieKylie' outfit from the video whilst three drag queens represented the other three personas from the video.
Generally comedies, the core elements of the AIP films consisted of a group of teenage and/or college-age characters as protagonists; non-parental adult characters as antagonists and/or comic relief; simple, silly storylines that avoided any sober social consciousness; teen trends and interests (such as dancing, surfing, drag racing, custom cars, music, irresponsible drinking, etc.
lang Drag (Warner Bros. Records, 1997)
This effect might also be used to reduce skin friction drag on aircraft wings by 20%.
Each scale was keeled in a form resembling that of a shark's denticles, suggesting that they functioned in reducing underwater drag.
Nandi refuses to let him in, but Burgess' thugs drag out Petaline, who is visibly several months pregnant, so Burgess can extract a DNA sample.
If there is enough space there are often drag races, burnouts, and doughnuts.
Soldiers also learn about oscillation, landing falls, and how to recover from drag.
He sees Sandy again, who is suspicious of Medina, and the three attend a meeting of an elite dining club, where something Medina says affects Sandy extremely – he becomes rude and angry, and tries to drag Hannay away, but Hannay refuses and walks home with Medina.
After it curls, it is easy for the wind itself to lift and drag it large distances, making them obligatory travellers through steppes and deserts crossing the borders of various countries in Asia and disseminating their seeds for all of them.
First, Littmann believed the third line referred to the digging of canals nearby (his translation, "zog die Kannaele von `Aw`a") despite the lack of any signs of canals or ditches in the area; Ullendorff argues that the verb shb in the inscription should be translated as "to drag along, to capture".
The cover art featured Ryan and Gary in drag.
That year, his song "Step by Step", from the album Let the Rough Side Drag, was used as background music for the montage that ended the first season of the television program The Wire.
Managing to escape, Brian stumbles upon three drag queens who were abandoned in a broken-down tour bus by their manager.
One of the drag queens, revealed to be ex-military, hijacks the gangsters' helicopter as an escape vehicle for the group.
Latiegui said that Runaways transgressive elements—such as the appearance of drug use, stripping and drag queens—were not for the purpose of controversy, but that they nevertheless alienated certain publishers.
As an aircraft burns fuel it gets lighter and can cruise higher where there is less drag.
What happens to the pidnozhnyk is that the bride will drag the towel behind her, and her bridesmaids follow behind her.
Drag chute container was reduced, since it turned out the surface area of the parachutes in the flight of Buran was overabundant.
It is a predicted point of impact found from the launch platform's movement, the target's movement, gravity, projectile launch velocity, projectile drag, and other factors that can be entered.
Some notable video cast members include female impersonator Julian Viva, Hollywood Super Club Kids, The Fabulous Wonder Twins, and drag performers Venus D-Lite and Sutan Amrull aka Raja.
Cyndi Lauper has insinuated that the idea of featuring drag performers in the clip was inspired by her own video "Hey Now (Girls Just Want to Have Fun)" released a few months earlier.
 "First Drag of the Day" — 4:29
Danila and Stepan drag the corpses to the Smolensky Lutheran Cemetery, where the German helps Danila dispose of the bodies.
Some studies have identified spray effects as one of the potential reasons for the air/sea drag coefficient saturation.
It was a major advance in aerodynamic drag reduction, and paid for its development and installation costs many times over due to the gains in fuel efficiency that it enabled.
This thrust does not counteract the total drag of the cowl, but greatly reduces its overall value.
Dallenbach has been married to Robin Dallenbach, who is the daughter of drag racing driver, engine builder, and team owner Bob McCall.
The sheet will be eased and the aft end of a boom could drag in the water making the rudder ineffective and a capsize inevitable.
In late 1930 a  piece of land turned into the current airport, a few hundred feet from the main drag of Volusia Avenue (now International Speedway Blvd.)
Taylor has been a supporter of Aid For AIDS in Los Angeles, serving on their Honorary Board and as an ongoing participant in their largest annual fundraiser, Best In Drag Show, among other fundraising efforts.
On a forward-swept design, this reduces the sweep of the rearward wing, increasing its drag and pushing it further back, increasing the amount of yaw and leading to directional instability.
 The Last Drag (September 24, 1993)
using discarded color reversal film stock) to create a visual cosmos heavily influenced by Hollywood kitsch, orientalism and with Flaming Creatures created drag culture as it is currently known.
According to the legend, the god Vahagn, the vishapakagh ("reaper of vishaps"), would plunge into Lake Van to drag out any vishap that had grown large enough to devour the world.
Its fork had got stuck in SMIDSY's wheel opening, but Panic Attack managed to drag it around, eventually lowering SMIDSY in the pit.
While testing his prototype in the wind tunnel at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, USA, Theodore realized its drag was stronger than any other parachute he had tested in his 25 years of experience.
The album's lead single, "Heterosexual Man", was supported by a video that featured the band appearing in drag with members of The Kids in the Hall.
Bilodeau is remorseful and returns in time to drag Simon to safety, but leaves Vallier in the room.
Cooling this large engine whilst minimising aerodynamic drag posed new challenges for both the Rolls-Royce and Supermarine design teams.
It is 4-wheel drive and has a drag coefficient of 0.13.
I should have liked to drag in the former's daughter, the intimate of our childhood, or of mine, later Mrs. Stuyvesant Morris, but forebore.'
As they drag him away, Running Wolf knocks over Marty's music box.
Kenny removes the uniform cap to reveal a blonde wig, and Alana realizes he has been posing in drag as the magician's female assistant.
The club had a dance floor, five bars, light shows, and drag contests.
Before ship's hulls were protected from marine growth by fastening copper sheets over the surface of the hull, fouling by this growth would seriously affect the sailing qualities of a ship, causing a large amount of drag.
Some sport bikes have fairings, which may completely enclose the engine, along with windscreens that effectively deflect the air at speed, thereby minimising overall drag.
Lockjaw assists in saving Crystal from her pursuing guards but they eventually drag her back home anyway.
To the right of these heads, Hell is represented with figures of monsters (demons) that drag and torture the souls of the damned.
Peter, Joe and Quagmire drag Cleveland to a bar to get him to meet some women, as he's still reeling from him and Loretta getting a divorce.
I needed to drag them kicking and screaming back into the light where they belong".
One or more of the proposed designs are believed to incorporate several design features for increasing stealth and maneuverability while decreasing weight and drag.
The new fighter may have a significantly longer fuselage than other fifth generation fighter designs, such as the F-22, for reduction of transonic and supersonic drag.
The dead man wants to protect his living love from war and poverty, but more than anything he wants to drag her into his world.
Robin performs Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend while rapidly changing drag personas, starting off as Carol Channing and transforming into Marlene Dietrich, Ethel Merman, Ella Fitzgerald, Pearl Bailey and Bette Midler before concluding as Carol again.
This is very similar to how a simple harmonic oscillator works with no drag force (damping) term.
Much of the underlying physics of the Portevin -Le Chatelier effect lies in a specific case of solute drag creep.
Kwinana Beach is home to the Perth Motorplex which incorporates an international standard drag racing strip, and a  dirt track speedway.
Barbed wire fences can collect large amounts of floating plant material, resulting in a large amount of drag from the water.
Lepore's first single, "Deeper," was a 2003 trance dance song written by Wigstock drag queen Lady Bunny.
 Drag (Warner Bros. Records, 1997)
This attitude is most likely why they let Sanae drag off Nina from time to time.
An older lipstick lesbian (Lynda Boyd) meets a young butch drag king (Laura Evans) who turns her world upside down by pushing her to consider different forms of gender expression in sexual contexts.
 Durf the Drag (Richard Dreyfuss) - "Ego-a-Go-Go"
There are newer models that have probes that drag along the surface of the part taking points at specified intervals, known as scanning probes.
The heat is transferred from the ionospheric plasma to the gas of the upper atmosphere, which consequently rises and increases drag on low-altitude satellites.
Hollenbeck’s race career began at the age of 18 at the local drag strip.
Lyrically, the song talks about Jackson's desire to cruise a club, get a man, drag him home and do him, with her asserting, "Gotta take him home/When I get him alone/I'll make him scream and moan".
Stealth aircraft like the F-22 or F-35 can use jettisonable pylons to retain stealth and reduce drag.
Philip and William drag Morgan into the kitchen while Rebecca flees to her bedroom.
A wide wheelbase however, also leads to a high frontal area leading to high drag.
Wing incidence was increased 1.25 degrees to reduce cruise drag.
A Real Slow Drag – Treemonisha, Lucy, Chorus
Two weeks prior to Mardi Gras, the club holds a "practice parade" in uptown New Orleans dressed in drag.
Next Generation said of the PlayStation version, "There are some neat things in the game such as the batwinged familiar that follows the mage around and the spellcasting interface, but in the end this game is a drag."
Throughout the video, scenes of Madonna are interspersed with scenes of drag queens primping, and religious iconography such as rebirth and damnation.
Sprint: A drag race (manual controller only).
Conrad briefly dated fellow castmate Brody Jenner, which she commented had been subject to "editing to drag it out" during the series.
Terrace also hosts the Queer Radicals' Annual Drag Ball in October or November.
The video shows scenes of the group jumping on a trampoline, drag racing in an abandoned waterway, and performing "provocative dance moves" with the intent to showcase the group's confidence and fun.
When Tobey partially removes his drag costume, the killer returns and decapitates him as well.
The locomotive (a Class 47) ran right through the sand drag and out the other side, followed by a couple of coaches.
Drag queen RuPaul read multiple times for the part of Monica Jones, which eventually went to Perrineau Jr.
The CLR's bodywork was lower in overall height than that used on the CLKs to produce less drag.
Kenneth Dale Bernstein (born September 6, 1944) is an American drag racer and former NASCAR and IndyCar team owner.
Bernstein was attending the Arlington State College (now University of Texas at Arlington) in 1966 for business administration when he decided to quit to become a drag racer.
Don Prudhomme (born April 6, 1941 in San Fernando, California), nicknamed "The Snake", is an American drag racer.
The movie was inspired by the book Snake vs. Mongoose: How a Rivalry Changed Drag Racing Forever, written by Tom Madigan.
In his spare time he has raced midgets for fun, even competing in the Chili Bowl Nationals in Tulsa, OK, competing in a 2003 "celebrity" race against fellow drag racer Ron Capps and dirt trackers Danny Lasoski, Scott Bloomquist, Dave Darland, J. J. Yeley, and Tony Stewart.
On 11 March 2010, Sampey announced her retirement as a professional drag racer.
In an interview with Leonard Mosley, Nehru said that he and his fellow Congressmen were "tired" after the independence movement, so weren't ready to further drag on the matter for years with Jinnah's Muslim League, and that, anyway, they "expected that partition would be temporary, that Pakistan would come back to us."
18th Century Drag (Reprise) - Jim, Sir George & Ensemble
Crosby originally was a drag racer, competing in the NHRA and IHRA for fifteen years.
In September 1969, Cheyenne prototype #10 (s/n 66-8835) underwent wind tunnel testing at NASA Ames Research Center, to research the half-P hop and drag issues.
 3:59am: a drag race for two actors by Marco Ramirez
One note in using Power Pro, the drag has to be set at a much lighter strength than compared to monofilament due to the propensity for Power Pro to dig into itself while fighting large fish.
Instead wing sweep and dihedral can provide a similar degree of directional stability, while directional control is often effected by adding drag on the side of the aircraft the aircraft is to be turned towards, either in the form of spoilers or split ailerons.
A way to get yaw control is to use differential air braking to affect the drag directly.
Charlie develops a plan to produce custom footwear for drag queens, rather than the men's dress shoes that his firm is known for, alienating many in the process.
Charlie is intrigued when he sees that drag queens' high heels snap easily, and wishes to create high heels that can support a greater range of foot sizes and body types.
After he trips and ultimately falls flat on his face, Lola and her posse of drag queens arrive, put on a spectacular runway show, and save the day.
Belt sanders were one of the first power tools used in the growing field of power tool drag racing wherein a pair of stock or modified belt sanders are placed in parallel wooden channels and fitted with long extension cords.
Fixed fins and bilge keels do not move; they reduce roll by hydrodynamic drag exerted when the ship rolls.
Edelbrock also posts contingency awards for drag racers, including NHRA sportsman categories.
There are at least 30 venues catering to gay mainstream and specific tastes including: leather, drag, cabaret, sport, cruising and men/women only.
A drag count is a dimensionless unit used by aerospace engineers.
The drag coefficient is used to compare the solutions of different geometries by means of a dimensionless number.
A reduction of one drag count on a subsonic civil transport airplane means about  more in payload.
He was one of the first designers to champion diversity in his runway shows, which often tackled racism and ageism, and incorporated non-traditional models such as drag queens, pornstars, and transgender women.
He was inducted in the International Drag Racing Hall of Fame.
Sue is quite immune to social norms; she speaks bluntly to all, particularly to Rocky, Rahul's driver, who she knows (but does not reveal to others) is a famous drag queen.
Since 2013, she has also guest starred in The Horizon, a gay shortform web-series on YouTube, as Wilma (the drag queen's) mother.
Find out what you as a person are – and don't let the world drag you down.
Her long hair would whirl among the clouds, while her skirt would drag on the ground like a dust storm.
Hall's other interests include gardening and collecting fast cars, including vintage car and drag racing cars.
With some 200,000 jobless claims attributed to Katrina, Rita may have been a further drag on a weakened US economy.
Katya Zamolodchikova (born Brian Joseph McCook), American drag queen; in Boston, Massachusetts
Maned sloths rarely descend from the trees because, when on a level surface, they are unable to stand and walk, only being able to drag themselves along with their front legs and claws.
Viva Las Violence is the fourth studio album of North Carolina horror-themed punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
All tractors in their respective classes pull a set weight in the drag.
A mass that is moveable of up to 65,000 pounds or 29,000 kilograms, the mass starts at the back of the sled, slowly working its way up to the top as the drag moves down the track.
Additionally, an ion propulsion system continuously compensated for the variable deceleration due to air drag without the vibration of a conventional chemically powered rocket engine, thus limiting the errors in gravity gradient measurements caused by non-gravitational forces and restoring the path of the craft as closely as possible to a purely inertial trajectory.
Studies had long shown that the ideal wing for minimizing induced drag should be an elliptic planform.
He also appeared in a series of butter commercials as a drag queen called Marge.
However, the "slow roads" on the way to the faster levels begin to impose a drag on the whole system (for instance, a 256-bit adder could have up to 24 gate delays in its carry processing), and the mere physical transmission of signals from one end of a long number to the other begins to be a problem.
Reviewing the film after a screening at the Boston Film Festival in 1995, Betsy Sherman of The Boston Globe referred to the film as a "shameless rehash" of the original, adding: "Henkel's idea of an imaginative stroke is to put [Leatherface] in red lipstick and black widow drag.
Middleton took part in all of Powderfinger's recordings, at the same time writing and releasing an EP and studio album with Drag.
These would go on to be the songs he sang for Drag.
Drag released an EP, Gas Food Lodging, on 26 October 2003 through Dew Process.
In recording the album, Drag spent three weeks at Byron Bay in March 2005, collaborating with each other and producer David Nicholas.
Following The Way Out, Drag toured around Australia, playing with UK band Athlete.
In this process, lighter molecules can drag heavier molecules with them through collisions as a larger quantity of gas escapes.
It approaches boats stealthily and uses its hooked tail to snare sailors and drag them into the sea, where it devours them.
International Drag Racing Hall of Fame, 1994
 2019: Drag Kids,  directed by Megan Wennberg  
In a 2008 interview, Leupp said that the origin of the film was a drag event benefit co-hosted by Plotnick and himself.
I Gave You by Bonny / Sweeney is a CD EP released, July 26, 2005 on Drag City in the US, and Domino in Europe.
 Drag Me To Hell (2009) – Ghost at Seance 
Debi explains that the hand will drag Molly's soul into the netherworld.
A '57 equipped with this transmission mated to the 270 horsepower engine and limited slip differential was the one to beat on the drag strip and street into the early 1960s.
In 1929, Harlem, a drama by Wallace Thurman and William Rapp, introduced the Slow Drag, the first African-American social dance to reach Broadway.
The novel concerns a hitman named Glen Marker who kills while in drag as his alter ego Glenda Satin.
This is the sequel novel to 1963’s Black Lace Drag and sees Glen Marker on death row.
The Australian Royal Commission heard that an elder discouraged an abuse victim from going to the Commission by saying, "Do you really want to drag Jehovah's name through the mud?"
In addition to the cod fishery, they used nets to drag the rivers for salmon which they split and sent back to France.
 "It was her custom, after she'd felled an obstreperous customer with her club, to clutch his ear between her teeth and so drag him to the door, amid the frenzied cheers of the onlookers.
Drag It Up is a studio album by American country/rock band Old 97's, released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
This can be done to some extent by streamlining diving equipment, and by swimming along the axis of least drag, which requires correct diver trim.
The efficiency of this style is also improved by extending the arms in front of the swimmer and tucking the head down for reduced drag.
The recovery stroke pulls the feathered fins towards the centre of mass by flexing the hips, knees and ankles, while rotating the fin blades horizontally to minimize drag.
The dolphin and flutter kicks can be efficiently performed without interruption, but the frog kick must allow a low drag glide period or energy will be wasted.
Kitiara then attacked Laurana from behind, intending to drag the elfmaid off into an alley, interrogate her about Tanis, and then murder her.
While musicians played, patrons enjoyed dances with long heritages in some parts of the African American community, such as the slow drag.
The brothers thought that reducing the camber would reduce drag, though less lift was actually achieved.
Dr. Booth closes the door, and the creatures drag Julia away.
If it is hung up near the top of the lines, the canopy will not provide sufficient lift or drag, and the rate of descent will be high.
Former 'Mother' Sam Smith now works as a producer and engineer, recent projects have included Alisdair Roberts 2009 album, Spoils,  for Drag City Records and Remember Remember's debut album for Rock Action.
A hideous Morlock jumps out and tries to drag her away, but is blinded by George's torch fire.
Between 1992 and 1995, the circuit hosted a non-championship Triple Challenge event in late January consisting of touring cars, Superbikes and drag racing.
Drag racing venues in Australasia
On The Munsters television series the car was created by Grandpa Munster so he could win back the Munster Koach, which Herman had lost in a drag race in the episode "Hot Rod Herman".
Second generation winglets further improved the handling and reduced drag at low to mid speeds.
For glidepath control, there are effective top-and-bottom air brakes and a substantial drag chute built into the bottom of the rudder.
The natives sever one of his hands and drag him back to the village.
This surface provided an outward drag component that help pull the booster away from the main body when released, helped by the booster's asymmetrical nose cone.
The aerodynamic properties of light bars can be important for police applications, as fuel efficiency and drag are concerns in patrol and pursuit.
Turbo: The Solo 2325 engine is mated to a small diameter 'paddle' propeller that sacrifices a small amount of propulsive efficiency in exchange for much smaller drag if the engine fails to start.
If you and your fellow kings just let things drag on another couple of years or so, why, I’d have to agree you’d probably be pretty well out of it.
A second XP-3A (serial 28-189) included a cowling and spinner to reduce the drag due to the radial engine; entered in the National Air Races of 1929, its speed of 186.84 mph (300.69 km/h) gave it second place in the Thompson Trophy race.
Players drag the letter tiles with the stylus into a box to make the words.
Where the cope and drag separates is called the parting line.
Drag focuses on traditional monster truck events set in arena and stadium venues like BC Place and Tacoma Dome; the player qualifies to participate in knockout races that involve jumping over rows of cars.
She served as a "roving reporter" for the transgender and drag monthly Frock Magazine.
In 1984, designer Martin Heide (the 'H' in the type designation) combined the wing of the World Championship winning single-seater Schleicher ASW 22 with a fuselage derived from the Akaflieg Stuttgart fs31 which had particularly low drag.
In a loose sense, the process can be likened to a conventional windmill- the drag force of a resistive medium (air or, in this case, the magnetosphere) is used to convert the kinetic energy of relative motion (wind, or the satellite's momentum) into electricity.
Diminishing returns with collection current and drag area have set a limit that porous tethers might be able to overcome.
The drag per unit of collected current for a grid sphere with a transparency of 80 to 90% is approximately 1.2 – 1.4 times smaller than that of a solid sphere of the same radius.
Enrico Lorenzini and Juan Sanmartín, "Electrodynamic Tethers in Space; By exploiting fundamental physical laws, tethers may provide low-cost electrical power, drag, thrust, and artificial gravity for spaceflight".
Collett was certainly aware of the many other factors causing drag.
Hence, unfolded proteins can be detected by methods that are sensitive to molecular size, density or hydrodynamic drag, such as size exclusion chromatography, analytical ultracentrifugation, small angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), and measurements of the diffusion constant.
The video was heavily censored by MTV Networks Europe for depicting a fully clothed Williams having three-way sex with both women and men in drag.
The Cockettes decked themselves out in drag outfits and glitter for a series of legendary midnight musicals at the Palace Theater in San Francisco's California North Beach neighborhood.
He received multiple gunshot wounds—including a shotgun blast that ripped a five-inch hole in his abdomen—but he survived the initial attack and he was able to stagger 200 metres back to his home and drag himself up three flights of stairs to his flat before collapsing.
It has a flatter trajectory than the .308 Winchester and .30-06 Springfield at similar bullet weights because the slightly smaller-diameter 7mm bullet generally has a better ballistic coefficient (BC), and is thus less affected by drag and crosswind while in flight.
He added that her singing did not sound "assertive" and that "[Madonna] could be a drag queen toying with a pop hit of the past."
Most of the time, and particularly in writing, such nouns are used together with specific adjectives such as drag (dear) and stimat (respected, dear).
A favourite track for Filipino drag queens as lip-synch material in the '70s gay disco/bar scene, the song then saw a revival when a TV host danced to the tune, helping to spread the popularity of the song to Latin America and the US.
/ Frederick C. Davis Drag The Dark
Most of Dowlingkoa's clothes and belongings were missing, and drag evidence showed that her body had been moved to a more visible location around three to four days prior to discovery.
Giant Drag is an American indie rock band from Los Angeles, California.
Giant Drag have played live shows supporting The Jesus and Mary Chain, Scissor Sisters, Pretty Girls Make Graves, Nine Black Alps, The Lemonheads and The Cribs, and were tipped by the NME for "big things in 2006".
It is suggested by Hardy and another journalist that most articles that have been written about Giant Drag are re-wordings of their press pack (which compared them to such bands).
"Going Full Psycho on Cheap Trick featuring Giant Drag, Icarus Line and Benji's Revenge"
Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car and wrench open the rusted, corroded door.
Welch remembered, "I was extremely pissed off and the set seemed to drag on for ever.
 15/33 –  - truncated at airport fence - converted to drag strip
"Don't Drag Me Down" – 4:56
The first two EP releases were on Touch and Go, while the third EP was a Drag City label release.
Some economists believed both these tactics, however, would drag the U.S. economy into recession.
Gasly took advantage of multiple incidents and held off Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes in a drag race to the finish line to finish 2nd.
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone said that Tokyo Drift "suffers from blurred vision, motor drag and a plot that's running on fumes.
1905 – David Bowie – Dollars in drag : The 1980 floor show
Some applications include thickeners, flocculants, dispersants, and drag reducing agents.
Morrissey: Bona Drag (compilation) [programming/drums; 1990]
Players must use 'aerobatics' to control the driver in-flight, but overusing it will increase drag, which will slow the driver down and possibly prevent him/her from reaching the designated target.
Part one can be found on the previous EP, Yeah, I Know It's a Drag...
Despite this he continued to resist definition, also writing a pantomime, Dick Whittington (2006), for the Barbican Theatre, a piece for, about and performed by the drag performer Bette Bourne entitled A Life in Three Acts (2009), and a series of plays for young people: Totally Over You (2003), Citizenship (2005) and Scenes from Family Life (2007).
These do not drag parts of their body on the ground.
Accuracy is not a great concern here as high drag satellite cases do not remain in "deep space" for very long as the orbit quickly becomes lower and near circular.
The Cai brothers, who do not want to be in the black book of Liangshan, subtly loosen the ropes on Lu and allow Shi Xiu to drag him away.
A range of concerts, parade and a fireworks show take place on Saint Martin's Street, the main drag of the city center.
More accurately, they are zero ground; that is, the edge has no secondary bevel, minimizing drag when used for cutting purposes.
It was one of the most aerodynamic cars of its time, the naturally aspirated version achieved a record 0.28 drag coefficient in its class.
Once he gained his driving licence, he was dedicated to night-time street drag racing and then progressed to touge racing.
Conrad "Connie" Kalitta (born February 24, 1938) is an American businessman and former drag racing driver, nicknamed "The Bounty Hunter".
This iconic appearance became the inspiration for Freddie Mercury's drag character in the music video for "I Want To Break Free" by rock band Queen.
Hydrodynamic drag increases as a square function of velocity, and could tear the cable or damage its mooring hardware.
Despite being very effective during take-off, the hydrofoils resulted in increased drag and a reduction in maximum airspeed.
"I Ain't Going to Drag My Feet No More" – 4:22
 Viper's Drag with Steven Bernstein (Impulse!, 2014)
In a Chicago recording studio in 1927, Ma Rainey's band players Cutler, Toledo, Slow Drag, and Levee gather to record a new album of her songs.
Subsequent UK revivals have taken place in Liverpool at the Playhouse starring Melanie La Barrie as Ma and Cornelius Macarthy as Levee (2004, direction: Gemma Bodinetz) and the Manchester Royal Exchange Theatre in a production starring Antonio Fargas as Toledo, Ram John Holder as Slow Drag, and Johnnie Fiori as Ma (2006, direction: Jacob Murray).
As employee night at the Springfield drag races ends, Smithers fails to protect Mr. Burns from being harassed by a drunken Lenny.
The airport officially ceased operations in 1988, but trespassing is frequent: pilots continue to land on the old runway, and local residents frequently use it for drag racing, despite the badly decayed surface.
Internal weapons carriage eliminates drag from external stores and enables higher performance compared to external carriage, as well as preserving the stealth shaping.
Nance now owns a 1967 "Catch 22" Camaro NHRA drag racer, which his team races on weekends.
The first known drag balls in the United States were in Harlem in the 1920s, at the Rockland Palace.
Drag balls were social events that brought people together who were on the margins of society and they often had to meet in secret.
It was not until about 50 years later that the term drag king was coined and performances started popping up across the United States.
During World War II, parody drag shows were also a regular kind of entertainment for soldiers who dressed up as humorous-looking women and put on shows for each other.
The Jewel Box Revue was the longest running drag show that performed from the 1940s until the 1970s across the United States.
Dorian Corey was a performer in the Pearl Box Revue and also one of the drag queens in the documentary by Jennie Livingston known as Paris is Burning.
Provincetown, Massachusetts, is home to some of the most famous drag performers and in the summers months there are several performances on any given night.
Although it is typically held at LGBTQ bars and nightclubs, restaurants have also become a popular site for drag brunches.
"[People] are able to sit at drag brunch and have a lovely spinach frittata and Bloody Mary while learning this lesson through observation.
According to Bodey, dancing, singing and jokes about the gender binary, are some of the things one could expect to see at a drag brunch.
Other places, such as San Antonio, Texas, have also seen a rise in gospel drag brunches.
These films along with RuPaul's Drag Race have a large heterosexual fanbase.
where  is the sum of all other force terms on the particle, such as gravity, pressure gradient, drag, lift, Basset force, etc.
Joe Ely: Down on the Drag (1979)
On Jönsson's recommendation he had started to appear in drag in 1976.
 Drag racing, world record holder, 1968,1969,1970.
DARPA said advances in envelope and hull materials, buoyancy and lift control, drag reduction and propulsion combined to make this concept feasible.
Valene goes out to help drag the body of Garda Thomas Hanlon (character in "A Skull in Connemara") out of the lake with Father Welsh.
His other drag role was in Invitation to the Wedding from 1985, in which he played a husband/wife couple.
This minimizes drag from a stopped propeller following an engine failure in flight.
Two of those people, RuPaul's Drag Race UK contestant Crystal and Simon Blake, deputy chair of the LGBT rights charity Stonewall, both gay men, later announced they would be suing Fox for defamation.
Tomata led Ze Whiz Kids, a troupe based on Seattle, Washington that blended counterculture comedy with drag theater during 1969–1972.
 It's Crazy - Drag the River
Pegg commented, "We're both [Pegg and Wright] from the West Country so it just seemed like it was the perfect and logical thing to drag those kind of ideas and those genres and those clichés back to our beginnings to where we grew up, so you could see high-octane balls-to-the-wall action in Frome".
His company also had a hand in the creation of the Boom Boom Room, a cabaret featuring drag comedian Kumar.
 "I Ain't Going to Drag My Feet No More"
If not, no doubt your dim, tedious life will drag on without them."
Saturday, August 21: The Donnas, Ashford & Simpson, Ben Kweller, Ima Robot, Har Mar Superstar, The Like, The Unicorns, Dengue Fever, Giant Drag, Autolux, The Like, Los Abandoned, The Starlite Desperation, The Unicorns, Bedroom Walls, Christine Ortega, Quinto Sol
It stars Bonnie Bedelia as Shirley Muldowney and Beau Bridges as drag racing driver Connie Kalitta.
It's got moments that shine and moments that drag.
Roger Joseph Manning Jr. (born May 27, 1966) is an American keyboardist, singer, and songwriter who co-founded the bands Jellyfish, the Moog Cookbook, and Imperial Drag.
In preparation for a prison talent show, Schillinger has Beecher get a "makeover" from one of Em City's drag queens.
Transporting the massive recumbents was a different matter; the fifty-ton recumbent at Old Keig was transported from six miles away and may have required over 200 people to drag it to its final resting place.
It is caused by the difference in lift and drag of each wing.
Some pilot training manuals focus mainly on the additional drag caused by the downward-deflected aileron 
This also causes a greater induced drag on the left than the right, which further adds to the adverse yaw, but only briefly.
The profile drag imbalance adds to the adverse yaw.
Frise ailerons are designed so that when up aileron is applied, some of the forward edge of the aileron will protrude downward into the airflow, causing increased drag on this (down-going) wing.
Unfortunately, as well as reducing adverse yaw, Frise ailerons will increase the overall drag of the aircraft much more than applying rudder correction.
That prevents important differential drag forces.
However the belts only managed to drag them down into the surface mud below.
He also made an appearance as a guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race season 11, episode 4, "Trump: The Rusical."
On January 25, 2005, Giant Drag released the EP Lemona on Wichita Recordings.
She also appeared at the debut live performance of Crosses (featuring Deftones singer and guitarist Chino Moreno) in Pomona, CA, performing the Giant Drag song "Swan Song".
These changes brought the drag coefficient down to 0.36.
This light weight combined with the car's streamlining (with a coefficient of drag said to be Cd 0.26)  allows for top speeds of  for standard sedans and  for the Tigre.
For example, a character can die slumped over a cliff and the weight of its upper-body can drag the rest of it over the edge.
Fairing An external structure added to increase streamlining, deflect wind, and reduce drag.
He began directing film documentaries at Granada Television in England, making a sequence of observational films about drag queens, young classical musicians, children's entertainers and boxers.
During the early stage of the cold war he opposed Italy's entry into NATO fearing that it could drag the country into a war between the two Superpowers and reignite the Italian civil war and instead favoured a policy of Neutrality.
From 1951 through the 1960s the airport was used as a drag racing strip.
The runway is also used for competitive, amateur automobile racing events such as arm-drop drag races and autocross with the St Lawrence Automobile Club.
Between 1975 and 1981 he designed, built and tuned motocross and road racing and drag racing motorcycles.
Hogettes: A group of about twelve Washington Redskins fans who dress in drag and wear pig-noses.
According to Stokes’ law, a perfect sphere traveling through a viscous liquid feels a drag force proportional to the frictional coefficient :
Cross-country skis must be narrow to reduce drag, and thus must be long to produce the required float.
The nest is a simple shallow and wide scrape in a hidden location; males will drag sticks, grass, and leaves in the area surrounding the nest so it resembles a firebreak as wide as their neck can reach.
The estimated equal number of large  and  trojans indicates that there was no gas drag during capture and points to a common capture mechanism for both  and  trojans.
 Drag coefficient (cw): 0.21
An angry crowd surrounded the car, smashed the windows and attempted to drag the soldiers out.
From Series 5–7, warriors had to drag a key across an overhead maze to unlock a cage containing puzzle pieces, which are assembled to vanquish the demon in their path.
This does not take into account other effects, such as buoyancy or drag.
Agitator tank device and drag reduction agent evaluation October, 23, 2018 
Joe is prepared to resort to violence again, but Johnny predicted this and has the same friends who roughed up Joe before drag him away.
The argument over whether to allow this went on for the next five years in IGC and eventually the rules were changed to permit plain flaps provided they were the only means of drag control for landing, and there was no aileron linking for camber changing.
They also claim that markets and states invariably drag their feet on substantive environmental reform and are notoriously slow to adopt viable sustainable technologies.
Eden and Eric shoot Ray with a rifle so the others can drag Sean inside and try to save him, but he dies on the floor.
Twin booms typically offer greater drag than a conventional arrangement.
For most cases, the booms are less efficient structurally in providing pitch stiffness, and produce more drag.
To go with large aileron deflections at low speeds it had a set of 5 feathering drag plates ahead of each aileron to overcome adverse aileron yaw and decrease lift on the low wing.
Updates to the program added features such as file drag & drop, resuming downloads, and thread-by-thread bandwidth throttling.
The player can set the basics, such as color scheme or background, then drag and drop enemies into their custom level from either a list of pre-built enemies or custom ships previously created.
Julian's early reign is successful, with the removal from office of court eunuchs, whose true role Julian sees as being to drag on the state coffers and to isolate the emperors from real-world concerns.
The venue was divided into 3 zones: the Centro Boyz zone where the Miss Devastating drag competition was held, the Womyn's zone where no men were allowed for most of the evening, and the Chill Out area where guests could mingle and booths were set up to sell food, drinks, toys and to distribute flyers.
At the time, it was widely thought that drag from the upper atmosphere would de-orbit debris faster than it was created.
In response to these concerns, SpaceX said that a large part of Starlink satellites are launched at a lower altitude of 550 km to achieve lower latency (versus 1,150 kilometers as originally planned), and failed satellites or debris are thus expected to deorbit within five years even without propulsion, due to atmospheric drag.
The aerodynamic force on a powered airplane is commonly represented by three vectors: thrust, lift and drag.
Nakanishi had said that 'As a result of a neck injury [that he had sustained in 2011], I haven't been able to wrestle to the level I wanted, and rather than drag things out, I wanted to draw a line in the sand.'
They are currently signed to Drag City.
She headlined in the early 1930s at Harlem's Ubangi Club, where she was backed up by a chorus line of drag queens.
Díaz moved to Madrid to study theatre, dance and martial arts,  and started working in theatres with Mamá, quiero ser drágstica (Mummy, I want to be a drag queen) before starting to work for the Spanish division of MTV, MTV Spain, in MTV Hot.
This has a direct relationship on the overall hydrodynamic drag of the ship or submarine.
Greater beam and draft produces a larger wetted surface, thereby causing higher hull drag.
This drag coefficient was far better that the 0.8–1.0 common with automobiles used at that time.
American Motors' high performance "halo" vehicle made its official debut 25 October 1969, in Dallas, Texas; the site of the National Hot Rod Association's World Championship Drag Race Finals.
The most successful dealers actually raced the cars at local drag strips.
An optional "service kit" for $500.00 increased horsepower to well over  and lowered its quarter-mile drag strip times from 14.4 with the factory Autolite carburetor (and standard rear wheel hop behavior at maximum acceleration from standing) to 12.72 seconds.
His drag name is Jane.
Early bodies had a Coefficient of drag  of 0.37.
With some Sony portable audio players it is not possible to directly drag and drop the desired tracks to the device's visible directory.
The hull has a fine angle at the bow to reduce wave impact drag with unusually clean and sharp chines aft to ensure very free planing and outstanding stability.
The 303, 404, and 808 Firecrest carbon clinchers were designed to provide decreased aerodynamic drag and increased stability in crosswinds as well as improved braking performance on long descents.
Due to the shortage of artillery harnesses, the soldiers of the 119th Field Artillery were compelled to drag 16 American caissons loaded with ammunition the entire distance.
1998: Are a Drag
While Walter and Nataly lived apart from their parents during the dispute, the sympathetic Reagan administration helped to drag out court proceedings until Walter turned 18 and was no longer a minor.
A Drag and Drop interface could be used instead of m:trip.
The Drágfi of Béltek family, whose estates would encompass over a hundred villages in the Kingdom of Hungary, descended from one of his sons, Drag.
Drag race tracks sometimes use a specially-reserved wet-surface area known as the "water box", because water is poured onto a certain area to reduce the friction to initiate the burnout.
It is also good for snowboarders, with few drag lifts.
It is also harder to get a patient onto a rescuers shoulders than it is to drag a patient by their shoulders.
The sons finally drag Mrs Noye on board, while the Gossips are swept away by the encroaching flood; she rewards her husband with a slap.
A PPS must be crystallised by the age of 75, minimising problems from the mortality drag of deferring the purchase of income benefits.
In 2008, Drag City released a book called The Collected Fanzines that consists of reproductions of old zines that he created together with director Harmony Korine.
Having lived in two major centers of European enlightenment as his country's ambassador to both Vienna and London, he increasingly identified the Jesuits with their alleged doctrinaire grip on science and education as an inherent drag on an independent, Portuguese style illuminism.
His team used camels to drag a coolibah post to mark the intersection.
Around 2012 Feerick formed a duo, Young Light, with Micah Calabrese of LA band Giant Drag and released the EP Great White Arc and single Blank Dice.
 Fluid resistance, drag in water
The styling was not particularly aerodynamic but the drag coefficient was a somewhat respectable 0.41.
The American independent label Drag City licensed each of the albums for distribution, and the Los Angeles The Now Sound label picked up two of Batoh's solo albums, released together as well under the title Collected Works.
Karen Dior (February 14, 1967 – August 25, 2004) was the stage name of Geoffrey Gann, an American actor, singer, director, and drag queen.
Sometimes students would drag blankets made of wool across the fields.
While mixing the drill is slowly brought up and down and follows the edge of the barrel in a circular motion to drag the top of the mix down and ensure an even consistency throughout the mix.
They arrive and Stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "Agnes".
This episode features a scene with Data in drag, and has numerous comedy elements.
There he meets film stars, including Jimmy Durante, Frank Sinatra, Zsa Zsa Gabór, Bing Crosby, Maurice Chevalier and Jack Lemmon in drag as Daphne from Some Like It Hot.
In 2000, Drag Queens in Limousines won Best Folk/Singer-Songwriter Song at the first Independent Music Awards.
Taeke Wiebe Doekes Taekema (born 14 January 1980) is a Dutch field hockey player and drag flicker (penalty corner specialist) who won the silver medal with the national squad at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
He and one of his drag queen neighbors, Rusty (Philip Seymour Hoffman), are at odds constantly due to their differing lifestyles.
Foremost was the drag that the needle and soundbox created when applied to the outer edge of the disc.
Todd Rittmann now leads Chicago-based Dead Rider, in addition to being a member of Drag City band, Singer.
Wesler grabbed Wanrow's son and tried to drag him back into the house, but he managed to break free and run to safety.
Erica Lee Enders (born October 8, 1983 in Houston, Texas) is an American drag racing driver.
It was announced following the 2013 season that Enders would leave Cagnazzi Racing and join Elite Motorsports for the 2014 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series, driving the team's new Camaro.
Desire: "Slowly my days drag on" [Желание: "Медлительно влекутся дни мои" = Želanie: "Medlitel'no vlekutsja dni moi"]
A highly customised Enfield 8000 named "Jonny's Flux Capacitor" was converted by Jonny Smith into a street-legal electric drag racer.
Later, when the dog was being trained to follow the faint odour of a fox or a badger, the trainer would drag a red herring (whose strong scent confuses the animal) perpendicular to the animal's trail to confuse the dog.
The AMCA is designed with shoulder mounted diamond shaped trapezoidal wings, a profile with substantial area-ruling to reduce drag at transonic speeds, and a stabilator  V-tail with large fuselage mounted Tail-wing.
She left school upon receiving a recording contract from Clive Davis at Arista Records, for whom she recorded, with her band Drag the River, the album Relentless, produced by Lenny Kaye of the Patti Smith Group.
In Brazil, Verstappen won from pole position, while Pierre Gasly in his Toro Rosso-Honda beat Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes for second place in a straight drag to the finish line, scoring Honda's first 1–2 finish since the 1991 Japanese Grand Prix.
He is one of the precursors of the drag flick technique that appeared in the 1990s.
Shaw was often involved in penalty corner routines performing drag flicks.
VH1 completed its transition to a general entertainment format in October 2018 with VH1 US programs, including Love & Hip Hop: Miami and Ru Paul's Drag Race, though music programmes continued in non-prime timeslots.
The hilt should fit easily in your hand, and the blade should not be so heavy that it tends to drag the hilt from your fingers in a loose grip.
Air resistance increases greatly as speed increases and is the most significant factor at speeds above 10 to 12 miles (15 to 20 km) per hour (the drag force increases in proportion to the square of the speed, thus the power required to overcome it increases in proportion to the cube of the speed).
Michigan State Police have continued to use the "gumball" style lights instead of lightbars as they are unique, reduce wind drag, and are highly visible at long distances.
Development was based around cutting weight, providing a flat platform for the passenger, and reducing drag around the sidecar wheel and at the front of the sidecar platform.
Some Ilyushin Il-2 were field-modified to carry up to 24 rockets although the added drag and the weight made this arrangement impractical.
The media throng arrives to drag them out, and McKay never receives an answer.
where terms are for the Lorentz force, the gravitational forces, forces due to radiation pressure, the drag forces and the thermophoretic force respectively.
 Johnny Loper (), American drag racer
 Performance testing evaluates aircraft in relation to its projected abilities, such as speed, range, power available, drag, airflow characteristics, and so forth;
Drummond started mining on land he inherited from his family; he used mules to drag coal out of the mines.
This powerful form of drag exhibits sudden onset, and it led to the concept of a sound barrier when it was first encountered in the 1940s.
Experiments done by the Obayashi Corporation, with concrete blocks  square by  long and weighing , showed how 18 men could drag the block over a 1-in-4 incline ramp, at a rate of .
When I surfaced I was in the middle of the arena, ready to put my arms around his throat and drag him off.
Together with Juan Garcia the help of drag phenomena and co-hostess Juanita More!, they have expanded the contest into a late-night dance party complete with celebrity judges, live performances, concert-like production, and special effects.
Despite cutting the masts to reduce the drag of the wind, Royal Charter was driven inshore, with the steam engines unable to make headway against the gale.
Kenny Bernstein, drag racer
Feather, the minimum drag position of a rowing oar or an aircraft propeller, see feathering
On the night of Robbie Hunter (Jason Smith) and Hayley Smith's (Bec Hewitt) combined birthday party, Duncan steals Robbie's car keys and drives the car while high and involves Jade in a drag race.
Rodger smashes through a window that leads them outside and they begin to climb up a wall by grabbing on the barbed wire around it, but the demons try to drag down Judy by her ankles.
 CABAL - guest vocals on "Bitter Friend" off the album Drag Me Down (2020)
Ursula's appearance was also inspired by American actor and drag queen Divine.
David Crow of Den of Geek selected actor John Travolta as his first choice for the role of Ursula because of his drag performance as Edna Turnblad in the film Hairspray (2007), a role actually originated by Divine, the actor upon whose appearance Ursula's design was based.
He has been prolific from shortcorners by specialising in drag flicking.
She brought her radical leftist politics with her when her parents sent her in 1970 to the Lycée Jeanne D'Arc in central France, where she has said she was expelled "twenty-four or twenty-five times because  was trying to drag everyone to demonstrations".
Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as "Margarita" Wigglesworth, Diego's cousin from Santa Barbara.
"A Drag in D Flat" – 2:38 (from Another Year on the Streets, a various artist compilation album.)
Combined, all of these applications help the suit reduce drag and micro-turbulence, while advancing the hydrodynamic principles of the suit.
With close friend Marsha P. Johnson, Rivera co-founded the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR), a group dedicated to helping homeless young drag queens, gay youth, and trans women.
You go to bars because of what drag queens did for you, and these bitches tell us to quit being ourselves!"
She amplified the voices of the most vulnerable members of the gay community: drag queens, homeless youth, gay inmates in prison and jail, and transgender people.
After Rivera's death, Michael Bronski recalled her anger when she felt that she was being marginalized within the community, in "Hell hath no fury like a drag queen scorned":
But not only was the language of the bill changed, GAA — which was becoming increasingly more conservative, several of its founders and officers had plans to run for public office — even changed its political agenda to exclude issues of transvestitism and drag.
I remember the first time I got arrested, I wasn't even in full drag.
The suit sports the "Tripwire", a feature unique to TYR and the Aquashift suit, that reportedly reduces drag by a very large percentage.
The more wave drag is created, the more energy a swimmer must put out to make progress through the water.
The Aquashift suit is claimed to reduce wave drag by as much as 53%, according to the research done by TYR.
Papiano stated: "I think they'll do everything they can to drag this on for a while.
They also moved the fins further back, which prompted newer concepts with different solutions around the tail of the board to free the nose and decrease drag.
Unusual for the time, its aerodynamic shape was developed in a wind tunnel to reduce the car's drag coefficient, which resulted in the new Nash Airflyte having a smooth, wide, and low body.
The cakewalk portion of the dance was typically performed by men in drag.
To reduce this drag some pilot chute designs of the Pull-out and Throw-out variety are collapsible.
This beast would drag travellers from the nearby coaching road and devour them on the Shag Stone, a large boulder in the brook with a blood red vein of iron ore running through it.
 Troy Hendrickson (class of 2006) - comedian and drag performer; creator of viral character "Aunt Mary Pat"
Using the conventional bracket or split trail, the gun could be moved by its own crew using drag ropes and wooden shafts much like a handcart.
The design consisted of two thin, wave piercing hulls, each with its own sail, connected by high placed bridges between the hulls to minimise wave drag.
She elaborated that scenes would be reenacted if cameras were not present for a significant occurrence between cast members, and commented that her relationship with Jenner was "pretty brief" and "definitely [edited] to drag it out".
Director Paul Mazursky appears uncredited in drag, playing Simms' mother.
For its front cover, the group eschewed the drag image that their first album had presented, and that they had developed a reputation for, in favor of a fake concert shot.
In this incarnation, the band released I Suck on that Emotion, through Drag City.
Cop in Drag, 1984)
Upgrade & Afterlife is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band Gastr del Sol, released on June 17, 1996 by Drag City.
Basil's in The Revolt of the Cockroach People as a "monstrosity with a fantastic organ [that] pumps out a spooky religious hymn to this Christ Child of Golden Locks and Blue Eyes overlooking the richest drag in town".
Fortunately, Fry manages to drag the tub of super-slurm to the crane controls, so he can save Leela while continuing to drink the super-slurm.
However, drag is increased and top speed is reduced due to the larger rear wing.
on Poppy Records, followed by Don't It Drag On the next year.
In June 2018 an ARJ21-700+ was proposed for 2021 with weight and drag reductions.
Batra exposed himself to enemy fire to drag the injured soldier to safety, and in the process was shot in the chest by an enemy sniper from very close range, and a split-second later, by a splinter from an RPG which hit him in the head.
A posthumous live album, Untouchable Sound, was released in 2006 by Drag City and Sea Note.
Signed to Universal Music Group as a songwriter and to Spectra Music Group as an artist, Lopez has produced and written for Belinda Carlisle, New Kids on the Block, James Brown, The Go-Go's, RuPaul's Drag Race, Twice, Krayzie Bone, Shinee, Super Junior, Tae Yang, Charice as well as for TV and film.
When she came out of the bedroom, Shano saw Sawyer drag Arwood by the hair into the bathroom.
February 2 – RuPaul's Drag Race
They are regarded as the more modern equivalent to drag queens of the western world, and carry a negative connotation with ties to poverty and sex work.
This can be predicted with the Stokes number , where  is stopping distance (which depends on particle size, velocity and drag forces), and  is characteristic size (often the diameter of the obstacle).
The Ariel Atom features a prominently visible chassis (i.e., an exoskeleton, no roof or windows, a small optional windscreen) and a drag coefficient of 0.40.
Romesh even sets off in a futile effort to drag his pack to the distant airport.
Efforts to reduce drag, the use of fiberglass front and rear bumpers and a pair of intake ducts on the rear flares to allow airflow to the intercoolers topped the list of body modifications.
The promo and Everett performance were filmed back-to-back, although the former featured extra backup dancers who turned out to be Bowie in drag.
Portage Road is the location of one of the overland routes between the two harbours (and thus the Pacific Ocean and the Tasman Sea), where the Maori would beach their waka (canoes) and drag them overland to the other coast, thus avoiding having to paddle around Cape Reinga.
Talks about filling the order did not drag on, and by June 1932, Vickers had already produced and shipped two of the first tanks for the Soviets.
The university's aerodynamicist said that the testing enabled the athletes to reduce drag by between five and ten percent.
 Drag Race (June 1977)
In the case of Stokes flow, which is when the particle (or droplet) Reynolds number is less than unity, the particle drag coefficient is inversely proportional to the Reynolds number itself.
An additional function  was defined by, this describes the non-Stokesian drag correction factor,
Wessel & Righi  evaluated  for  from the empirical correlation for drag on a sphere from Schiller & Naumann.
The airplane may be pushed or pulled by landing gear or wing struts since they're known to be strong enough to drag the airplane through the air.
The new aerodynamics are claimed to reduce drag by 8% over previous models.
The sedimentation coefficient is in fact the amount of time it would take the particle to reach its terminal velocity under the given acceleration if there were no drag.
As tested in 2006 by Motor Trend magazine, the coupe variant weighed , cost $187,710, and had a drag coefficient  of 0.52.
These mid-sized Dodges (and similar models from Plymouth) competed successfully as stock cars in NASCAR races, and in stock-automatic classes in drag racing, where their smaller size and lighter weight gave them an advantage over the larger cars from Ford and General Motors.
This reduces the frontal area and therefore, the body drag.
With a decreased gap inter-wing gap indicating a larger lift generation, at the cost of larger drag forces.
The attenuation of the large drag forces occur through several mechanisms.
Further, the inter-wing separation before fling plays an important role in the overall effect of drag.
The force component normal to the direction of the flow relative to the wing is called lift (L), and the force component in the opposite direction of the flow is drag (D).
Regardless of their exact shapes, the plugging-down motion indicates that insects may use aerodynamic drag in addition to lift to support its weight.
It also includes support for open standards, support for subscriptions to any iCalendar-based public calendar, Flickr integration, drag & drop functionality and Outlook auto-sync.
The upper link also would adjust the hydraulic lift to use the drag of the plow to improve traction.
 1967 – 1967 Rochester riots, July 23–24, Rochester, New York when the police broke up a drag race occurring, riots would break out as a result.
Ayoub retaliated and attacked Masque with such ferocity it took 25 police officers to drag him clear.
The critical consensus reads: "A bland, weightless horror film that seems to want to mock itself as the proceedings drag on."
They always drag you to the water
Since the run was not repeated according to NHRA rules, it is not recognized as an official drag racing record.
In early 271, in the middle of winter, Sun Hao personally launched a major attack against the Jin dynasty and he brought his mother Empress Dowager He, his wife Empress Teng, and thousands of women in his harem along which necessitated heavy labour – from soldiers to drag their wagons – causing the soldiers to murmur about possible defection.
He is asked to join their fraternity and has the usual hazing period to endure, polishing shoes, washing floors, and the most challenging, dressing in drag and getting a retired colonel to sign his dance card at a costume ball.
Most recent models increasingly include drag from the halo of the Milky Way as well as gas dynamics, star formation and chemical evolution.
 Jinkx Monsoon, Seattle Drag Queen and stage performer
The sesquiplane layout reduced drag and improved the rate of climb, as well as offering a better view from the cockpit than either biplane or monoplane, while being substantially stronger than contemporary monoplanes.
He added, "Club-goers will glory in the Brothers In Rhythm/Leftfield mixes which drag it on to the dancefloor."
Further confounding matters was the album's artwork: the front cover was a collage inspired by 1920s Hollywood glamour, while the back featured a photo of the singer with permed hair and clad in full drag, frolicking at the former estate of John Barrymore.
Drag coefficient: 0.357cd
Alice uses a drag and drop environment to create computer animations using 3D models.
The drag from this aerodynamically "dirty", clumsy position slows the otherwise sleek airplane.
When Compo pointed out Nora's famous wrinkled stockings, forced himself on her or surprised her, she would either drag Wally out in a failed attempt to put him off or assault him with the harder end of her broomstick.
New Zealand drag queens
For considerations in aerodynamics, fillets are employed to reduce interference drag where aircraft components such as wings, struts, and other surfaces meet one another.
 forbids drag & drop, scan & morph, cut & paste processes to create digital art.
During the postwar era, the semi-elliptical wing profile was extensively studied for its ground effect properties; it was postulated that it would be suitable for ground-effect vehicles (which operate close to the water, in ground effect, to avoid the higher induced drag that occurs out of ground effect).
An elliptical planform is the most efficient aerodynamic shape for an untwisted wing, leading to the lowest amount of induced drag.
In the 2010s, Blythe started performing male roles under the drag persona "Blythely Oratonio", "a dramatic tenor with a naughty sense of humor and a storied operatic career who secretly always wanted to be a rock singer", as which she appears with a fake beard.
Explaining it is a stunt to attract attention to the play, Mifflin upsets the boat, expecting George to drag him to safety.
Herrmann's 908 low drag coupé was fast on the straights, but near the race's end the brake pads wore down, indicated by a light that was introduced with the 908s.
Granite may form foliation due to frictional drag on viscous magma by the wall rocks.
This place was called Drag ka Yang Dzong.
Ayu Khandro then returned to the caves of Drag ka Yang Dzong, where she spent a year recovering, assisted by a nun in the community.
Another spatial rift opens and an even larger hand appears and begins to drag away the entire galaxy.
The rotor blades are then attached to the hub, and the hub can have 10-20 times the drag of the blade.
The vertical hinge, called the lead-lag hinge or drag hinge, allows the blade to move back and forth.
Slowing the rotor instead can reduce drag during this phase of flight and thus improve fuel economy.
The pair willingly deplete their powers as they drag Superboy-Prime into Rao, Krypton's red sun, and use the last of their strength to defeat him on Mogo, the sentient Green Lantern planet.
 Veda Beaux Reves, Irish drag artist
She started drag full time a year after that, then was chosen to be on the show's 11th season.
Curtis Harrington's memoir Nice Guys Don't Work in Hollywood was published in 2013 by Drag City.
She has also appeared as a guest judge in Seasons 2 and 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race on Logo.
He is a natural short corner expert with a very strong wrist, a powerful drag flick and a perfected dummy "body dodge" action.
Sidemount diving can increase the task loading on the diver, and can cause more drag when swimming, depending on which alternative configuration is compared.
In this and other films of the 1990s, Belverio appeared on screen in the drag persona of Glennda Orgasm.
"Likely the most outrageous muscle car from AMC" with 1,512 built, it was probably the only production model made and promoted for a specific drag racing class, the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) F/Stock class.
It sponsored Rambler Americans in various motorsport venues and produced a factory-ready Rambler American for drag racing – as noted above with the 1969 SC/Rambler.
Andrew Levitt (1979– ), actor; also known as Nina West- born in Greentown, resident of Columbus, Rupaul's Drag race season 11 star
There is, however, another installation effect: freestream air scrubbing an exposed fan cowl and its associated pylon (where applicable) will create drag.
This is known as ram drag.
This is because one is trying to create drag on a particular side of the ball, not propel it straight as per the section above.
Nineteenth century loggers used oxen to drag huge firs and smaller Tanbark oak (Lithocarpus densiflorus) trees along the trail.
While the traditional spare-tire design feature made its return, to reduce drag, it was faired into the decklid.
He plans to drag the deer carcass behind his horse and create a trap by leading the grizzly bear towards them.
He soon works out that the Frogs have come; they drag him out of the boat and tempt him into a life of frogdom, hopping around without any cares or worries.
On season 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, the second challenge of the season was a Divas parody.
The lack of sharp surface deformation on the bullet (rifling marks) also reduce drag in flight.
By this time, Miles has dumped a drugged Todd in the woods, and then instructs Hunter to drag him to a sleazy motel.
The Parisians and Odo refused to let the Vikings down the Seine and the invaders had to drag their boats overland to the Marne to leave the country.
It functions similar to a recirculating wind tunnel, but uses water as the working fluid, and related phenomena are investigated, such as measuring the forces on scale models of submarines or lift and drag on hydrofoils.
 Tatianna, contestant on RuPaul’s Drag Race season 2 and All-Stars season 2
Modern aerodynamic design practices have also been applied to reduce the drag and improve the handling characteristics of these gliders.
This provides the glider with lower air resistance and reduces overall drag which would be present if the propeller was to remain in its open or natural state.
When the nodes displace, they will drag the elements along in a certain manner dictated by the element formulation.
One common stereotype of trans women is that they are assumed to be drag queens.
OverRev magazine was a monthly periodical devoted to sport compact and import drag racing and street performance.
ProMedia Publishing's event division also produces the NMRA and NMCA domestic drag racing series.
The high speed air propels the cable due to drag forces and pressure drop.
After a 34th place finish in points, Bernstein sold his team at the end of 1995 and returned to focusing strictly on drag racing.
Sir George Cayley built several gliders, distinguished between lift and drag and formulated the concepts of vertical tail surfaces, steering rudders and rear elevators.
During this time, the female may drag the male about.
It was released by Drag City in 1999.
Drag queens are an example of "troubling" gender, complicating the understanding of sexuality in our society by causing people to think outside the binary of male/female.
Its negative result refuted some specific aether drag models, and confirmed special relativity.
These results are considered a proof against the aether drag hypothesis as it was proposed by Miller.
During this era, events such as Club Uranus (19891992) created by DJs Lewis Walden and Michael Blue featured a community of artists performing as art dancers and drag queens, celebrating creative energies through go-go dancing.
The viscous drag forces generated by the rushing air along the length of the cable act to reduce or overcome the friction between the cable and the duct.
By changing its sweep angle in this way, drag can be reduced at high speed (with the wing swept) without sacrificing low speed performance (with the wing perpendicular).
Airplanes during takeoff and gliders are most concerned with induced drag.
An ideal wing has infinite span and induced drag is reduced to a two–dimensional property.
Alternatively, at Mach numbers increasing towards the speed of sound and beyond, wave drag dominates design concerns.
The studies showed these angles would decrease aerodynamic drag, permitting increased speed and longer range with the same fuel expenditure.
He soon enters but is in despair: Irne lungi ancor dovrei / " Must I drag out my days as a fugitive, bowed down with shame?".
A All the songs were included in Bona Drag.
The following stories from Drag Cartoons have never been reprinted: 
He had a drag racing battle with Hajime's Soarer.
The exterior of the Carlyle Hotel was used for the Birdcage drag club in the 1996 comedy The Birdcage.
2014: Dungeons & Drag Queens – MP Johnson
There is considerable drag due to increased lift production and loss of leading edge suction that is part of normal attached flow round a leading edge.
With three-phase induction motors there was no way to control the speed of the motors;  changing the wiring of the motor poles allowed for two speed settings, , which were considered enough to drag heavy freight trains up and down steep grades.
Australia won the toss, batted, and had Adam Gilchrist drag a ball from Shaun Pollock onto his own stumps with the very first ball of the match, to see Ricky Ponting at the crease in the first over.
Luckily for them, the reason to celebrate a new championship didn't drag on.
In 2021, Margolis was a guest adviser in the 10th episode of season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Alberto, in drag and half-drunk, executes a surrealistic dance across the ballroom floor with a goofy carnival head made of papier-mâché.
They continue to require the input of the in-phase and out-of-phase components of the lift coefficients (or the transverse force), in-line drag coefficients, correlation lengths, damping coefficients, relative roughness, shear, waves, and currents, among other governing and influencing parameters, and thus also require the input of relatively large safety factors.
As an example, if gravity and drag are ignored, this is the motion of a bullet fired from a rifled gun.
While the term transgender as used in the United States and Europe has come to encompass all gender-variant individuals, including female-to-male transsexuals, drag queens and kings, and intersex individuals, in Brazil the social phenomenon of "transgênero" largely consists of individuals who were assigned male at birth and identify as women.
Mr Boulnois believed that the work of the councils would be "distasteful to women" and that it would be "a pity to drag women into the turmoil of an election on political lines".
Electrical resistance (R) is analogous to mechanical viscous drag coefficient (force being proportional to velocity is analogous to Ohm's law - voltage being proportional to current).
An entire chassis of a TCR car would sag after many hours of use, causing it to drag along the track and lose performance.
Drag City signed Newsom and released her debut studio album The Milk-Eyed Mender in 2004.
Outside of his work for Dirty Three, Turner issued his debut solo album, Tren Phantasma, on US label, Drag City, in September 1997.
Mick Turner on the Drag City label
This reduces drag in flight, so higher velocity and hence range is obtained giving better penetration over longer distances.
Hydraulic retarders use the viscous drag forces between dynamic and static vanes in a fluid-filled chamber to achieve retardation.
It takes from Marvel history, but I wouldn't necessarily want to drag mainstream Marvel into it for fear of what I would do to it."
Marsden also dressed in drag when he appeared in the Jeannot Szwarc French film Les Soeurs Soleil (The Sun Sisters).
In particular he noted that the BAE Hypervelocity Projectile testing, a cross service 127 mm (5") Naval and 155 mm land, low drag self guided Mach 7 capable round originally intended for Railguns, was achieving range close to the original LRLAP specification while having superior rate of fire and accuracy.
 "I'll Drag You Home" – 2:40
However, these vehicles typically drag across the ground while turning and may do considerable damage to a soft or fragile surface.
Main runway, hard surface: 04/22 (of which the SW third is used as a drag strip)
The show featured The Horne Section band as well as performances from comedians Sue Perkins, Sara Pascoe and Joe Wilkinson, drag act and opera singer Le Gateau Chocolat, and Girls Aloud singer Nadine Coyle.
This is even more of a problem when high velocity, low drag rounds such as APDS or APFSDS are used.
Spark-ignition engines can (and increasingly are) run on fuels other than petrol/gasoline, such as autogas (LPG), methanol, ethanol, bioethanol, compressed natural gas (CNG), hydrogen, and (in drag racing) nitromethane.
Harvey's most enduring project, however, was House of Freaks, a two-man band with Richmond percussionist Johnny Hott, who had a penchant for banging on anything he could drag into the studio that made the noise he wanted.
The flag-raising ceremony was presided over by local drag queen La Monistat.
Pen panning, which allows users to drag pages upward or downward with the push and pull of a pen is available in Internet Explorer 7 and Microsoft Office 2007.
This sexual dimorphism in spines may play a role in courtship or in locomotion by reducing drag.
They were located in West Guilford (F1), Minden Hills (F1), Drag Lake (F0), Uffington (near Gravenhurst) (F0), Anstruther Lake (near Apsley) (F1), Catchacoma (F0) and Galway-Cavendish and Harvey Township (F0).
I should not be surprised, though, if it were possible, with carefully chosen flies, to catch some of the fish that every once in a while we saw rise to the surface and drag some luckless insect under."
At the time, the Santa Fe was the largest non-articulated type in common use, primarily in slow drag freight duty in ore or coal service.
Both these and the PRR-designed N1s 2-10-2s were primarily used to haul iron ore from the ports on the Great Lakes and coal towards them, at a slow drag freight maximum speed of .
These "snow shields", mounted beneath the couplers, were designed to prevent the formation of a low pressure area between the vehicles, which had induced significant drag in the earlier testing.
In the previous round of testing, the atmospheric drag force had reached 88 kN at a speed of 460 km/h (286 mph).
Aerodynamic improvements, similar to the 1990 record train, were refined in a wind tunnel and provided a 15% reduction in drag from the standard configuration.
Another use of variable-pitch propellers is to feather the blades of the propeller, in order to reduce drag.
In a single-engine aircraft, if the engine fails, feathering the propeller will reduce drag and increase glide distance, providing the pilot with more options for the location of a forced landing.
Whitlock also partnered with Dan Gardner, who would dress in drag as Whitlock's character "Sambo Squash" made romantic overtures.
It annually hosts the AAA Texas NHRA FallNationals each October, when hundreds of professional and amateur drag racers compete for over $2 million in prize money.
Built in 1986, The Texas Motorplex has been the place of many drag racing milestones and world record performances.
NHRA Division 4 drag racing venues
A cross dresser and drag queen, he took his name from the 1940s Hollywood starlet María Montez.
Wind tunnel tests showed the tunneled rear window caused lift and the gaping mouth induced drag.
The Night had drag queen hostesses documenting and supporting the crowd via microphone; the original hostess was Perfidia (Steven Kirkham), followed by Joey Rolon.
Rita manages to drag the show to encourage Jimmy to sing but to no avail.
After the 2010–11 NFC Championship Game, Schlereth was critical of Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler, tweeting "As a guy who had 20 knee surgeries you'd have to drag me out on a stretcher to leave a championship game!"
It's gonna be a drag race all the way back to the start-finish line!
In 1995, Cuban drag queens led the annual May Day procession, joined by two gay delegations from the United States.
In 2006, Page shared announcing duties with Marty Reid for ESPN's coverage of NHRA Drag Racing, then took over NHRA full-time from 2007 to 2012.
The railroad's existing 4-8-2 "Mountain" types were proving increasingly inadequate for this service as train lengths increased and because of the drag of air-conditioning equipment.
To reduce drag, coolers and ducts for the engine were located in the wing section between the fuselage and tail booms, and integral fuel tanks were fitted.
It is wrapped in a multi-layered full fairing that lowers drag and protects the rider from windblast as well as new instruments, bars and tank.
Others find their expenditures less thrilling: Professor Farnsworth uses the money to buy stem cells to give him a youthful appearance but discovers they only last temporarily, while Hermes buys a set of mechanical stilts for his son Dwight that inadvertently go haywire and drag the two off, rampaging through New New York.
During his stay, the club have picked up eight points from a possible 15 to drag them away from the immediate danger of the drop.
Jack is marked with the black spot, which means that the Kraken is now hunting to drag both Sparrow and his ship down to the Locker.
Queentastic is a group of Norwegian drag artists, established in early 2005.
Three new variants of enemy cars appear in this game alongside the original ones, with the Touring car having the ability to continuously gain speed, the Drag car being invisible from the radar until a special item is collected, and the Neo Formula cars which can emit smokescreen like the player.
At the 2007 Scottsdale auction, after the last authenticated Ramchargers (a former drag racing team that had been staffed by Chrysler Corporation employees) race car had been sold for $300,000, owner David Clabuesch accused the auction company of ending the auctioneering prematurely, resulting in a lower than expected sale price.
Dame Edna was an elderly drag queen with "wisteria-colored hair" who did international chat shows in the 1990s.
 Jolly Fellows (2009) – film about five drag performers
Casanova's Big Night (1954) – Bob Hope appears in drag.
Martin's (a character played by Helmut Berger) drag performance as Marlene Dietrich in The Blue Angel at his grandfather's birthday celebration, notorious at the time of the film's release, has since become an iconic image in cinema history.
Hairspray (1988) – While not exactly a plot element, the role of Edna Turnblad has always been played by a man in drag, and was indeed written with that intention, most recently portrayed by John Travolta in the 2007 remake.
100 Girls (2000) – Jonathan Tucker's character Matthew dresses in drag.
There are also other instances of drag throughout the film.
Rent (2005) – One of the main characters, Angel, is a drag queen.
Some of the other cast members such as Frank Thornton occasionally appear in drag as well.
Dexter's Laboratory – Many episodes feature Dexter in drag.
The most notable of them are Mr. 2 (a.k.a.Bon Clay) who can change his physical appearance and Emporio Ivankov, a queen of a drag queen kingdom, who can change his sex by controlling the hormones (and strongly resembles Tim Curry's Dr. Frank-N-Furter from The Rocky Horror Picture Show).
The show gives a deeper side to the art of female impersonation, as well as insight into the world of a gay drag artist.
In 2002, Pam Ann made a guest appearance on The Weakest Link – Drag Queen's edition
Under Linux it is integrated with the KDE desktop and has drag and drop support with KDE's applications.
He is awakened by an arrest in a building close to his, and observes the police drag out a man who loudly and continuously protests his innocence.
The eunuch Nie Hao (涅浩), believing it to be the emperor and empress' wishes, falsely accused Princess Duan and Murong Chui's assistant Gao Bi (高弼) of witchcraft, with intent to drag Murong Chui into the case.
The television series The Munsters filmed most of the episode "Hot Rod Herman" (aired on May 27, 1965) at Lions Drag Strip.
In Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, Brad Pitt'''s character, Cliff Booth, is seen wearing a Lions Drag Strip t-shirt.
The Mk-0 technology-demonstration vehicle was built to confirm the effectiveness of the design, and in the words of co-founder Chris Anthony, “just to show people that we weren't full of crap.” Due to its higher-than-expected drag coefficient of 0.11, it only achieved  at .
White, Michael, "What a drag – it's just not Purcell", The Independent on Sunday, 29 October 1995
Publishers Weekly wrote about Witchling (2006), the first entry in the Otherworld series: "Though the plot can drag, effusive characters and pretty writing ('I whispered, and the stars heard me from behind their cloud cover and answered') will lead readers through to the much-anticipated final battle."
There are many nostalgia drag racing teams trying to preserve the vehicles and racing culture of the 1960s and 1970s.
Initially highly illegal, the first legal drag racing track was set up on an Orange County Airport runway in 1950 by C.J.
Chuck Klein revived the 50s nostalgia of this era with set-in-the-fifties hot rod intensive books Circa 1957 and The Way it Was, Nostalgic Tales of Hot Rods and Romance and his columns in Street Rod Action Magazine and Nostalgia Drag World.
Facilities on offer to the travelling public at the station include the Long Drag cafe & gift shop and a heritage room used to exhibit items and photographs connected to the Settle-Carlisle route.
Assuming a drag coefficient of about 1.3, the meteor appears to have slowed to about  from an entry speed to the atmosphere typically in excess of 10 km/s (22,370 mph).
 Don't Drag Me In (featuring Mystro)
The aircraft featured retractable undercarriage, split flaps, spoilers to reduce speed for landing, and a V-tail for decreased drag in cruise.
Frank E. Fish states that dolphins appear to have a turbulent boundary layer to reduce the likelihood of separation and minimize drag, and that mechanisms for maintaining a laminar boundary layer to reduce skin friction have not been demonstrated for dolphins.
The aircraft automatically decelerates at the selected level regardless of other factors, such as aircraft drag and other deceleration methods such as deployment of thrust reversers or spoilers.
In 2006, Sir Ian McKellen, writing in The Independent, named them the tenth best drag act ever created, commenting that they "were as real as the crones in the Rover's Return".
In comparison to some of his previous stunts, the jump Kidd made that day was relatively minor, comprising a jump of approximately  across a drag strip.
Route 66 Raceway is a drag race facility located in Joliet, Illinois.
BC is a function of mass, diameter, and drag coefficient.
In 2018, the track announced that they would cease conducting drag races at the facility due to rising costs.
Drag flicks are especially common during penalty corners, and are used as a variant to the 'straight shot' or hit.
As drag flicking is not hitting the ball, the flicker is allowed to raise the ball at goals, hence making it a much more deadly alternative to hitting from the penalty corner as direct hitting shots on goal are not allowed to be above backboard height (460mm) during these set pieces.
In some cases, the drag flicker was not even part of the standard team but was substituted for a field player whenever a team was awarded a penalty corner.
As drag flicks have become more popular, specialist hockey sticks have been designed to complement the slinging action of the shot.
Twain recalls seeing some drag performers working at the resort and credits them as the source of her inspiration.
In 2011, Ryan was featured as a trainer on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4, Episode 2.
Airframes, with their need to reduce drag and provide control in the air, were a totally new challenge.
Other guests include author Leonardo Ramirez, drag performer Venus Ann Serena, and performance troupe The Bombshell Kittens, with more guests being announced on a regular basis as the event nears.
This contest also saw one of the first open representations of a member of the LGBT community, when members of the Norwegian drag group the Great Garlic Girls accompanied the home nation's singer Ketil Stokkan.
Casings have been eliminated since the end of World War II as the flow of water through the numerous flood-holes creates noise that may be detected by an enemy using passive sonar, as well as causing hydrodynamic drag.
That night, Brougham sabotages the next morning’s hunt by laying a drag with a fox in a sack over the fields.
David Petruschin is a drag queen with the stage name "Raven" and was raised Mormon.
Ronnie Sox, 67, American drag racing pioneer.
The festival teamed with local drag superstar Peaches Christ for an evening with Cloris Leachman and a screening of High Anxiety, and presented a 25th Anniversary screening of True Stories with Talking Heads’ frontman David Byrne.
The Show with Josh Fadem and Johnny Pemberton; Little Esther Goes Through Your Stuff with Esther Povitsky; Liz Winstead and Laurie Kilmartin; The New Negroes with Baron Vaughn and Open Mike Eagle with guests Felicia Folkes, Hoodo Hersi, Jak Knight and Will Miles; RoastSF: The Roast of a Drag Queen; Sara Schaefer: Little White Box; Sasheer Zamata Party Time!
Val earns the nickname "Prince Valiant" after she helps a drag queen locate her shoe.
 Alteryx – analytics platform with drag and drop statistical models; R and Python integration 
"Everyday Is Like Sunday", as well as the single's B-sides "Disappointed" and "Will Never Marry", feature on the compilation album Bona Drag.
The song was not featured on one of Morrissey's main studio albums but can be found on the compilation album Bona Drag along with the B-side "Lucky Lisp".
PR 2K1- sampled from Drag Rap by the showboys
The DB-1 had the lowest aerodynamic drag of any Formula Ford at the time of its release.
The High Llamas started recording for the Duophonic and Drag City record labels with Buzzle Bee (2000), which saw the band experimenting more with their sound, while Beet, Maize & Corn (2003) eschewed electric guitars and synthesizers in favor of string and brass arrangements.
She has appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Howard Stern Show, WTF with Marc Maron, and RuPaul's Drag Race.
Shirley Muldowney was the first female drag racer to compete in Top Fuel, the main class of the National Hot Rod Association, and won the 1977, 1980, and 1982 championships.
The vehicle actually flew better during dead stick landings than a standard Long-EZ due to lack of drag from a stationary pusher propeller — the vehicle's aerodynamics were cleaner in spite of its belly tank.
When the early (male) insects laid their spermatophores on the ground, it seems likely that some of them used the clasping organs at the end of their body to drag the female over the package.
Marcie flees to New Orleans and is sheltered by Celia, the sister of one of the other drag performers.
Aerodynamic mudflaps are engineered with louvers or ventilated slats to improve airflow, reduce sidespray, and decrease aerodynamic drag, in order to improve fuel efficiency.
Their skills are put to test in a static judging event, a drag race and a circuit race event, where the vehicles navigate around obstacles and obey the traffic rules.
CD1: "Floodlit World"/"Getting Better"/"Death of a Drag Racer" CD2: "Floodlit World"/"We Will Find Love" [demo]/"I'll Show You Mine" [video]
No longer did the plaintiff have to physically drag the defendant to court.
1973 saw the first stage of the impressive 3 Valleys ski area, with the Allamands drag lift linking Les Menuires to Méribel, at the same time that the nearby resort of Val Thorens was starting to be developed.
The biggest event on the drag boat calendar is the LODBRS World Finals which takes place at Firebird Raceway Phoenix, Arizona.
Notable drag boat racers
The Norwegians managed to drag Wellman back to the safety of Harmsworth House on a sledge.
These reduced the overall width of the loaded craft, making land transport easier and also reduced drag in the water, but at the cost of weakening the hull.
 Yvie Oddly, winner of the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race
On 25 September 1880 Caminada led a police raid on a cross-dressing ball held in the Temperance Hall in Hulme, rounding up 47 suspects, about half of whom had been in drag and the other half in fancy dress.
The trio have since released two albums, 2003's Loose Fur and 2006's Born Again in the USA, for Drag City.
5 February: NZ film director Lee Tamahori is arrested and formally charged with soliciting and unlawfully loitering on Hollywood's Santa Monica Boulevard, while dressed in drag.
Banks and Rutherford eventually arrive to escort Collins off the set, at which point he goes limp and they have to drag him away.
Falling: decreasing altitude under the force of gravity, using no adaptations to increase drag or provide lift.
Some gliding animals may use their gliding membranes for drag rather than lift, to safely descend.
Any object moving through air experiences a drag force that is proportion to surface area and to velocity squared, and this force will partially counter the force of gravity, slowing the animal's descent to a safer speed.
Like drag, lift is proportional to velocity squared.
This will generate lift force vector pointing forwards and upwards, and a drag force vector pointing rearwards and upwards.
Before the fish leaves the water it increases its speed to around 30 body lengths per second and as it breaks the surface and is freed from the drag of the water it can be traveling at around .
Mike Van Sant, drag racer
Inductive pumps use various proprietary coatings to reduce friction drag and increase efficiency.
Fifty Americans are holed up in the embassy, and Tavarov and his massive army have arrived at the gates, with plans to crash the building and drag Amirev out by any means necessary.
The body may drag along the ground, as in salamanders, or may be substantially elevated, as in monitor lizards.
There is also anecdotal evidence that some octopus species (such as the genus Pinnoctopus) can also drag themselves across land a short distance by hauling their body along by their tentacles (for example to pursue prey between rockpools) – there may be video evidence of this.
Vs. Sanjay Dalia – If cause of action has arisen wholly or in part in place where plaintiff resides or is doing business suit has to be filed at such place – Plaintiff cannot drag defendant to far off place under guise that he carries business there also.
An increased value results in lower drag, and thus higher acceleration and top speed.
This provides a means of storing the creance, and also provides a drag weight if the bird decides to fly off.
Responsible for Space Shuttle structural and mechanical systems, monitoring auxiliary power units and hydraulic systems, managing payload bay door, external tank umbilical door, vent door, radiator deploy/stow, Ku-band antenna deploy/stow, and payload retention latch operations, landing gear/deceleration systems (landing gear deploy, tires, brakes/antiskid, and drag chute deploy), and monitoring the orbiter docking system.
Some obvious concerns for NASA during the space race included, but were not limited to, oxygen consumption and weight for the drag effect on takeoff.
In another mode, the player must destroy rogue boats before they drag swimmers to the edge of the lake.
(Torque reaction and drag add at the bottom joint, and partly cancel at the top joint.)
Together with Matthew Taylor, another Tyneside boat-builder, he worked to reduce the surface area and drag.
Their successes inspired a group of male fans who came to be known as "The Hogettes", who attended games dressed in "old lady" drag (dresses, wide-brimmed hats) and wearing plastic pig snouts.
The provocative lyrics concern a male character whose lover searches for drag queens and hookups after the narrator refuses his advances.
They concern a character whose male lover looks for drag queens and hookups on the street after the main character refuses his advances.
 Bracket racing, in drag racing, where cars, motorcycles, or trucks start at different times based on vehicle category.
but the Leader manages to drag her into an escape pod, and they escape.
Oscar is dressed in drag, and Michael asks him if he is "flying his true colors", to which Oscar reacts defensively.
The principal  differences between the S.6 and the S.6B were the increased power of the Rolls-Royce R engine and redesigned floats:  minor aerodynamic refinements typically aimed at drag reduction were also made.
Dust is removed from the scrubber in a clarification unit or a drag chain tank.
Boeing set out to use this engine in a fighter designed specifically for carrier operations, using the same welded-tubing fuselage and wooden-frame wings as for the Model 15, and adding a large spinner to reduce air drag around the engine (this was dropped in production).
In attempting to drag him from the compartment, the man dropped between the train and platform.
Her father tries to drag her offstage, but she resists, tearing a slit in her dress.
(29.5 kg), was added to cut down drag, and the engine was extensively modified to produce more power.
These performers are generally indistinguishable from the more common cisgender male or transgender (MTF) drag queens in artistic style and techniques.
All of these terms are generally considered acceptable only when used by the performer themselves, and many drag queens reject all terms that define them by their sex.
Pageant organizer Ruby Toosday had "friends who got fired (from drag clubs) for being women...it seemed like we had definitely hit a nerve.
She adds that while drag for her is primarily about performance, it's also a 'rejection of traditional oppressive forms of masculinity—and that's part of an affinity with gay men as well.
Female queens on Instagram often mock this belief that they do not "transform" their bodies by sharing strikingly different images of themselves in and out of drag with the hashtag #wheresthetransformationsis, started by AFAB queen Creme Fatale.
In his early days in the village, Paul does a drag act, called Thelma Louise, but later stops doing this.
Litjens and early specialists were accurate, hard-hitters of the ball; however, the introduction of the drag flick to counter the goalkeepers that lie down during the hit became the favoured technique.
Another player will take the stopped ball and push or drag it back into the circle before attempting to shoot at goal (as per normal rules, the ball must be last played by an attacking player within the shooting circle for a goal to count).
 Bod kyi da ltaʼi dza drag gnas bab daṅ ṅa tshoʼi las ʼgan
The average farmer felt he could take a gang of laborers with spades, drag pans and wagons and dig a canal, or construct a road while the Engineers were figuring on it and drawing a lot of useless plans.
Once the wind speed reaches a certain critical value, termed the impact or fluid threshold, the drag and lift forces exerted by the fluid are sufficient to lift some particles from the surface.
Many drivers had trouble adjusting to the new track change, including Ken Nomura, the Import drag racing star Stephan Papadakis on his debut drifting season and Rhys Millen who all crashed during qualifying.
Nissan said the drag coefficient is 0.298.
The former Greek Minister for Foreign Affairs Theodoros Pangalos stated in 2002 that Turks have been being allowed "to drag their bloodstained boots across the carpet" in the European Union capitals and has labelled Turks as "bandits, murderers, and rapists."
The film centers around two drag performers: Bibbo, a Bollywood fashion designer, and Shabbo, a dancer, who have a strenuous and often volatile relationship with each other.
The company's fall 2020 advertising campaign featured Snoop Dogg in the United States and Priyanka, the first season winner of Canada's Drag Race, in Canada.
In some cases, a rod through a stuffing box can be used to operate a switch, but this creates high drag and has a potential for leakage.
The nearest road ends at the village of Drag (via Bodø), about  to the north.
He records albums for Drag City and Holy Mountain, among other labels.
 Fluid Drag Deere (China) 
The effect of atmospheric drag was such that by fall 1986 GEOSAT was in an almost exact 23-day repeat orbit.
Hartston said that Polgár wore "the scars of weariness after decades of battling against Hungarian chess organizers who wanted his daughters to play in women's tournaments rather than competing against men, and educational authorities who sent an armed policeman to drag Zsuzsa off to school."
Students learn about the forces of gravity, drag, wind resistance, and the motion of air as a fluid.
This solved the problem of the programmers having to unplug and replug patch cables for every program the machine was to run; instead the program was entered on the three function tables, which had previously been used only for storage of a trajectory's drag function.
Yet Andrée staked the fate of the expedition on drag ropes.
Use of drag ropes—prone to snapping, falling off, or becoming entangled with each other or the ground, in addition to being ineffective—is not considered by any modern expert to be a useful steering technique.
Moving out low over the water, it was pulled so far down by the friction of the several-hundred-meter-long drag ropes against the ground as to dip the basket into the water.
It was originally released through Drag City in January 1999.
is a 1987 low-budget underground film trilogy starring and co-produced by a then-unknown drag queen, RuPaul.
It marks the first collaboration between RuPaul and producers Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato (The Fabulous Pop Tarts), who went on to found World of Wonder, the production company that now produces RuPaul's Drag Race.
Railroads commonly relied on drag freights with engines that could pull heavy tonnage but at low speeds.
From 2009 to 2014, he was a judge on the Logo reality program RuPaul's Drag Race.
Wild Love is the fourth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog), released on March 27, 1995, on Drag City and re-released in Europe on Domino in 2001.
By the end of the day the town had burned to the ground, killing hundreds of wounded Russian and Italian soldiers who in their desperate condition could not drag themselves out of the inferno.
For example, a drag car maximizes traction at the rear axle while countering the reactionary pitch-up torque.
In May 2019, a party which included a show making fun of Demet Akalın and Yener's feud and in which a number of drag queens had participated was cancelled due to the unauthorized use of Yener's name at the event.
A drag route (also known as an in route or a dig route) is a route run by a receiver in American football, where the receiver runs a few yards downfield, then turns 90° towards the center of the field and runs parallel to the line of scrimmage.
Running two crossing drag routes can create an open receiver by using one receiver to set a legal "pick" to block the path of a defensive back in a man coverage scheme.
Functionally, the spoilers decreased drag by about 15% and increased fuel economy by about a half-mile per gallon.
Band performances were rare at the "Little Hippodrome", a drag and comedy club which was located at 227 East 56th Street, between Second and Third Avenues.
Managing to drag Terotero out of the Vavilos, Shaider disarms the Fushigi Beast before destroying it with the Shaider Blue Flash.
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "New York City club and drag personality returns to the recording world with a festive twirler that aims to lengthen the life of the voguing phenomenon.
An accompanying music video showcased extreme drag versions of all of these hairstyles.
Wind speed can be adjusted at many vertical wind tunnels, usually between 130 and 300 km/h (80 and 185 mph, or 35 and 80 m/s), to accommodate the abilities of an individual and to compensate for variable body drag during advanced acrobatics.
Human-powered drag racing
As a child, Blaze contracted polio, and as a consequence, one of his legs was shorter than the other, causing him to drag his foot while walking.
The Daily Beast reported that some saw themselves "as waging a broad, multifront battle to drag American culture, inch by inch, away from the nonscientific and the nonlogical".
It was released on May 30, 2005 in Europe by Domino Recording Company and in North America by Drag City.
It had 13 hole "tear drop" alloy wheels, which gave a lower drag coefficient than later 7 spoke wheels.
In 2015, Radar created Drag Queen Story Hour in San Francisco.
 Carmen Rupe, drag performer, brothel keeper, LGBT rights activist
Although the EMB 120, like all transport-category multi-engine airplanes, is designed to fly with one engine inoperative, the distortion of the engine resulted in excessive drag and loss of lift on the left side of the aircraft, causing it to rapidly lose altitude.
Langley also hosts the Hampton Roads Kart Club races on most Sundays during the season, and Wacky Wednesday which allows anyone with a helmet and a street legal car to participate in the time attack, burnout competition, and one on one drag races on most Wednesday nights during the season.
Once all forty pieces are collected the player performs a final drag race.
The other presenters included drag artist Regina Fong and Fou Fou L Hunter.
Aircraft icing increases weight and drag, decreases lift, and can decrease thrust.
Boeing claims the system uses half the energy of engine fed bleed-air systems, and reduces drag and noise.
The receiver would trail a hauling cable ending in a drag cone (to make this trail near horizontally) and a grapnel.
. . is a powerful account of a doomed and haunted ship on its last voyage, and of the terrible sea-devils (of quasi-human aspect, and perhaps the spirits of bygone buccaneers) that besiege it and finally drag it down to an unknown fate.
She tries to drag him back to the house, then gets Nigel to help her carry him.
Reginald Sutherland Bundy (26 May 1946 – 15 April 2003) was a British dancer, actor and television presenter best known for his drag persona H.I.H.
Its songs were later made available on the Drag City compilation Westing (by Musket & Sextant).
The two terrorists drag a girl out with them, and they board the school bus.
However, air travelling close to the ground will tend to move in more of a straight line from high to low pressure due to drag with the ground.
In addition to style, the spoiler also helped with air flow and provided a reduction in lift and drag.
Besides aircraft, Greenamyer was also active in drag racing.
The film shows stereotypical teenage boys whose social lives revolve around getting high, drag racing, and pursuing girls.
A band of naval spectators who had taken up their position beneath a white ensign mounted on the roof of a drag greeted this score with great cheering.
Owens and Pearson boycotted NASCAR and ran a Hemi in the back of a Dodge Dart drag racing car.
Al Hofmann (1947–2008), drag car owner
Correctional officers observed Ferguson drag Slaughter out from underneath one of the beds in the cell.
 Aerodynamic drag from moving through air;
With ideal regenerative braking, the inertial energy could be completely recovered, but there are few options for reducing aerodynamic drag or rolling resistance other than optimizing the vehicle's shape and the tire design.
"Heliotrope Bouquet" is a slow drag two step by Scott Joplin (with contributions from Louis Chauvin) composed in 1907.
Carol Cox, American drag racer
The album featured guitar work by Skatenigs guitarist Mat Mitchell and percussion by Felix Miklik of Hip Deep Trilogy and Drag.
Kelly Mantle, drag queen and actor 
It is based on the noise disturbance from drag racing and tire squealing on public rights-of-way.
The most notable feature of the " M " are the faired in headlamps and a slanted nose, both of which were designed to reduce drag.
In North America, Rob Smolka of Next Generation said that the game "may look good, but the poor controls drag this one down to rental status".
Mado Lamotte, the stage name of Luc Provost, a Montreal drag queen
Most of the film's characters are sexually ambiguous, including transvestites, intersex, and drag performers.
Biplanes employing flying wires have much of the flight loads transmitted through the wires and interplane struts enabling smaller section and thus lighter spars to be used at the cost of increasing drag.
Although multi-spar wings have been used since at least the 1930s (for example, the World War 2-era Curtiss P-40 had 3 spars per wing), they gained greater popularity when the increasing speed of jet fighters demanded thinner wings to reduce drag at high speeds.
Ground effect had the great advantage of being a low drag solution, unlike conventional wings, meaning that the increased cornering ability was not compromised by a decrease in straight line speed.
Auto, Motor und Sport cites a drag coefficient (Cd) of 0.35 and Alles Auto cites a Cd of 0.345 for the second generation W451 series
Not only did the other eleven jurors demand the prosecutor to levy charges against the lone juror, but moved to drag the socialist supporter out into the street and lynch him.
The first type occurs at the surface of the ocean and is forced by surface winds, which act as a drag on the surface of the ocean.
As the hospital staff drag him away, Leonard tells Hurley to find Sam Toomey in Kalgoorlie, Australia.
Some hours later, after hearing the anchor drag in the fog, the Walkers realise that the tide has risen, the anchor chain is now too short, and they are drifting down river.
The following year, she was a guest judge on the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
 "Rambo" by Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13 about Rambo
The factor  in the drag force formula is to account both sides of the plate.
Gwyn prayed for God to stand by them and then went to the sled which had been provided, instead of a hurdle, to drag him to the place of execution.
Further mechanical explanations of gravitation (including Le Sage's theory) were created between 1650 and 1900 to explain Newton's theory, but mechanistic models eventually fell out of favor because most of them lead to an unacceptable amount of drag (air resistance), which was not observed.
AIP made no further Beach Party films, as the genre was changing and grew into drag racing and motorcycle-themed storylines.
In 2019, the song was used for the "lip sync for your life" segment in the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
While falling, a cat spreads out its body to increase drag.
At times when supplies ran low, the crew would chain 30 to 40 slaves together, attach a heavy weight to the end, and throw the weight overboard, which would drag the chains and the slaves underwater, drowning them.
Drag and drop, copy and paste, and other pen-based operations, are also supported.
It possesses a lifting body arrangement which lacks wings of any sort, resulting in a lift to drag ratio (L/D) of 0.7 during the reentry.
A scene in the 1918 film The Cook'', starring Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle and Buster Keaton, spoofs parts of this movie, with Arbuckle dressing in drag and doing his best "Salomé" impression.
In real two-phase (debris) mass flows there exists a strong coupling between the solid and the fluid momentum transfer, where the solid's normal stress is reduced by buoyancy, which in turn diminishes the frictional resistance, enhances the pressure gradient, and reduces the drag on the solid component.
In this case the force due to the pressure gradient is altered, the drag is high and the effect of the virtual mass disappears in the solid momentum.
Erica turned professional in 2005, participating in the Pro Stock class of the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series, and on July 1, 2012, became the first woman to win in the class when she defeated Greg Anderson in a live televised final.
Up ahead, a tribe of savages drag Helena, Lowry and the female mute to their camp, a settlement on the edge of a vast, overgrown arboretum.
Each rotor produces both lift and torque about its center of rotation, as well as drag opposite to the vehicle's direction of flight.
One contemporary reviewer noted Lippard's efforts as a social critic: "It was his business to attack social wrongs, to drag away purple garments, and expose to our shivering gaze the rottenness of vice—to take tyranny by the throat and strangle it to death."
The song was not featured on one of Morrissey's main studio albums, but can be found on the compilation album Bona Drag along with the B-side "Such a Little Thing Makes Such a Big Difference".
*In the 2002 film Sorority Boys, the song is played when the three main characters Adam, Dave, and Doofer show up for a party in drag at their former fraternity house undercover in order to get a tape to prove their innocence.
He also stated that he used to spar in the boxing gym after football training without his manager's knowledge, saying "A few times at Sheffield United, Neil Warnock would drag me in and say 'I hear you've been boxing'.
Michelle Ross, drag entertainer
In drag racing, an Ike Smith–prepared Hudson Jet with a  "Twin H"  I6 Hornet engine ran consistent low-14-second times.
In aviation, a cowling may be used for drag reduction or engine cooling by directing airflow.
It consisted of covers of Beatles songs ("I Want To Hold Your Hand", "She Loves You") with some originals, many written by Lor Crane & Joan Kingsbury ("Big Ben Hop (Sassy Sue)", "Liverpool Drag (Why Won't You Leave That Man?
Pollyfilla (aka Colin McLean) (born August 1978) is a drag queen originally from Wellington, New Zealand.
In January 2018, Pollyfilla was inducted in to the Melbourne Drag Awards Hall of Fame.
The Autumn season of "Diva Fever" saw Polly co-star with follow drag performer Missy Normous and guest performers.
McLean has appeared in drag on the television shows The Strip and Good Morning and in the films Stickmen and The Irrefutable Truth About Demons.
The molecules continue to enact until frictional drag causes both molecules to equalize their velocities.
It had a drag coefficient of 0.23.
The perimeter track remains in many places, though reduced in width, and the runways have long since gone (with the exception of the portion now in use as a drag racing track).
Observing that one of his wounded companions had fallen unconscious in a position dangerously exposed to hostile fire, Austin unhesitatingly left the relative security of his fighting hole and, with complete disregard for his own safety, raced across the fire swept terrain to drag the Marine to safety.
The shooting occurred shortly after Gobert attended an illegal drag race in Mira Loma.
Despite the considerable effort involved, my progress although slow was steady, and as Tenzing paid out the rope I inched my way upwards until I could finally reach over the top of the rock and drag myself out of the crack on to a wide  ledge.
Blueprint Aircraft Engines, an independent engine builder owned by former drag racer Ed Rachanski, entered the series as Team Blueprint, being later renamed to Blueprint Racing.
The women then drag Liszt and his erection to a guillotine in which Carolyn reveals that the bargain for Liszt's newfound musical prolificity is the forfeiture of his libertinism.
Trucks contribute a disproportionate amount of noise not only because of their large engines, but also the height of the diesel stack and the aerodynamic drag.
However, today seagrass meadows are being damaged by human activities such as pollution from land runoff, fishing boats that drag dredges or trawls across the meadows uprooting the grass, and overfishing which unbalances the ecosystem.
Starring actress Kathryn Minner, the commercials showed the white-haired elderly lady speeding down the street (and sometimes a drag strip) driving a modified Dodge.
Hearts and Unicorns is the first full-length release by California indie rock band Giant Drag.
An old runway is now used as a drag strip for Maui Raceway Park.
 , which is less than the standard version due to added aerodynamic drag.
GT bicycles began in 1972 when professional drag racer and experienced welder Gary Turner makes a frame for his son Craig Turner in his Fullerton, California garage to race at the BMX track.
The woman was seriously injured and fought for her life while her assailant attempted to drag her to the edge of the ice covering the banks of the Ume river and throw her into the icy waters.
on BangShift, a popular drag racing blog.
After the release of It's Crazy by Drag the River in 2000, the label began branching out from pop-punk and releasing alt-country and Americana albums as well.
Final race for King Racing, owned by drag racing legend Kenny Bernstein.
This happens if the batteries are completely charged and the amount of electricity needed is lower than the amount of electricity made; off-pointing is also sometimes used on the International Space Station for orbital drag reduction.
Blaine H. Johnson (May 22, 1962 – August 31, 1996) was a professional drag racer.
Although Ford's Drag Pack option with a special oil cooler was never formally offered on the Boss 302, it was often included with the 4.30:1 rear axle ratio.
In the battle against Hercules, he turns him to stone, but with the cunning of the Hulk, he destroys the shield and is defeated, but retreats telling the Hulk that he will soon drag his soul into the underworld.
An obese African-American female impersonator did her drag show at a buffet flat at 101 W. 140th Street.
In the rolling scissors, the successful pilot is the one who best manages their energy in the climbs and descents of the barrel rolls, as they eventually come to have a larger overall effect on the reduction of forward speed than the simpler strategies used to reduce thrust, add drag or time the rolls and turns in the flat scissors.
Others had attempted to apply Richard T. Whitcomb's NASA winglets to gliders, and though they did improve climb performance, this did not offset the parasite drag penalty in high speed cruise.
In 1984, Dallas and Alfreda Jones purchased the racetracks and began hosting national drag racing events sanctioned by the National Hot Rod Association.
It is also the official presenting sponsor of Major League Baseball's League Championship Series, NASCAR's Camping World Truck Series, and the National Hot Rod Association's Camping World Drag Racing Series.
Homobiles officially launched their donation-based community mutual aid service in 2011 after Breedlove first began giving rides in 2010 - to protect drag performers and people who didn't feel safe or wouldn't be picked up by traditional taxi services.
Little Annie returned full-time to music with an EP, Lullaby, cowritten with Larry Tee, and "Diamonds" was produced by Joe Budenholzer and Christoph Heemann released in 2002 by Drag City.
While searching for Trench, he is sidetracked by a couple of drunks who drag him into a nearby tavern.
As he began to drag his injured comrade out of the enemy's killing zone, a hostile grenade landed on the wounded Marine.
150-200 Wh/kg for Li-ion batteries),  the total efficiency (typically 0.7-0.8 for batteries, motor, gearbox and propeller),  lift over drag (typically around 18), and the weight ratio  typically around 0.3.
Publishers Weekly praised the inventive storytelling, but was critical of pace noting that "Q's egotistical ramblings, which work so well on screen, can drag on here."
According to aircraft publication Aviation Week, various subtle exterior changes were made for drag reduction purposes, including the addition of inner main landing gear doors, the re-contouring of the tail cone and of the engine nacelle.
Later built models are equipped with winglets, which were developed by SOCATA primarily to reduce drag when flown at high angles of attack, such as during takeoffs, as well as to enhance the aircraft's aesthetics.
The lift and drag forces can be applied at a single point, the center of pressure, about which they exert zero torque.
As the hours drag on, Bolton shows no signs of getting started (he says he is waiting), and the Interviewer finally leaves.
Margo Howard-Howard (1935 – September 3, 1988) was a New York City drag queen who wrote memoirs titled I Was a White Slave in Harlem shortly before her death.
Stories were for embellishing, rules for breaking and people either fools or toys - or, less often, mythical figures of the sort that Howard-Howard, the grand drag queen, manifestly considered [herself] to be.
The Professional Drag Racers Association's Pro Modified classes are based on which type of boost is used (turbochargers or superchargers in Boost, while nitrous oxide is in Nitrous).
"Give me your tired, poor-ole drag queens,/ Your huddled faeries yearning to breathe free,/ The radical refuse of queers who have more,/ Send these, the freaks, tempest tossed to me,/ I lift my lamp guiding them to sanctuary."
 John Force, NHRA drag racer, 16-time Funny Car division champion, 18-time champion car owner
Scott Clark has raced sprint/midget cars, motorcycle, and drag racing.
Tenders may serve as pleasure craft or speed boats to drag bananas and for waterskiing, wakeboarding and also to transport and service leisure scuba set diving.
lifting hydrofoils on the daggerboard and rudder, which lift the entire hull and skipper above the water surface, dramatically reducing drag and increasing speed.
In addition, a Drag Reduction System is used, which operates in a similar way to the one in use in Formula One.
They have showed up to drag away the Mind Flayer and when Vaarsuvius called them out against Zz'dtri for being a copyright infringement on Drizzt Do'Urden.
 Vanderbilt family Park Drag 1892
However, when military submarines entered service in the early 1900s, the limitations of their propulsion systems forced them to operate on the surface most of the time; their hull designs were a compromise, with the outer hulls resembling a ship, allowing for good surface navigation, and a relatively streamlined superstructure to minimize drag under water.
Only late in World War II, when technology enhancements allowed faster and longer submerged operations and increased surveillance by enemy aircraft forced submarines to spend most of their times below the surface, did hull designs become teardrop shaped again, to reduce drag and noise.
Nicole Paige Brooks, contestant on American reality TV show RuPaul's Drag Race (season 2)
The trimaran hull also exhibits low hydrodynamic drag, allowing efficient operation on two diesel powered water jets at speeds up to , and high speed operation on two gas turbine powered water jets at a sustainable  and even faster for short periods.
They argue that the long neck and torso would create drag in water while the laterally-flattened tail lacking the lunate fluke of later ichthyosaur taxa was more suited for an undulating swimming style.
IHRA drag racing venues
Tim Wilkerson (born 1960), NHRA drag racer
The facility also included an eighth-mile (0.2 km) drag strip and a tenth-mile oval track for microds (a type of wooden-bodied go-kart raced in many clubs in upstate New York).
It was closed in 1956 due to neglect and small crowds; was closed in 1959 after a few drag events; and was finally closed for good after 2005 to allow gravel mining from the property.
 Cop in Drag (1984, Bruno Corbucci), as Nico Giraldi
In 1994, the film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert opened with Hugo Weaving lip-synching this song in drag to Charlene's vocals.
The lyrics are told from the perspective of a braggadocious man who regrets agreeing to a drag race, but is ultimately consoled by his girlfriend with the song's title phrase.
As aerodynamic drag gradually overcomes this forward momentum and gravity simultaneously attracts the skydiver downward, the relative wind alters proportionally into an upward (vertical) direction.
With mid-position pegs and a slammed drag bar give a slight lean-forward riding position.
 Cheryl Hole, British drag queen
Since the drag coefficient f is related to the diffusion constant D by the Einstein relation
After exchanging insults, the two groups engage in a drag race.
 One Drag Show (2003)
In Australia, in 2016 Fuchs are sponsoring V8 Supercar teams Brad Jones Racing and Team 18, having previously sponsored Tasman Motorsport, Stone Brothers Racing and Erebus Motorsport, as well as drag racing teams John Zappia Racing and Lamattina Top Fuel Racing.
 Peer-affecting dynamics (peer drag and thrust effects similar to interacting aircraft)
It was their first to be released on Drag City.
Wheels drag across the ledge/platform like a power slide while the nose slides along the lip.
Rick then challenged them to a drag race, which he lost.
Darren convinces her he has turned over a new leaf, but he uses his release to drag his cellmate Michael Martin's (Troy Beckwith) sister, Debbie (Marnie Reece-Wilmore) into a life of crime.
The series stars drag performer Sherry Vine.
The surface delamination and deformation greatly added to the aircraft’s drag.
"Deadworld," a track that originally appeared on the Mourning A Dead World" (Demo), and "Deadworld EP, only released in Japan, and Fear Will Drag You Down (Europe and Australia).
During the Pansy Craze of 1930–1933, drag queens, known as "pansy performers", experienced a surge in underground popularity, especially in Los Angeles, New York City, Chicago and San Francisco.
However, a shorter bell shape is typically used, which gives better overall performance due to its much lower weight, shorter length, lower drag losses, and only very marginally lower exhaust speed.
Anthony Bertozzi, 17-time world championship holder in IHRA and NHRA drag racing.
Matt then becomes involved in illegal drag racing to raise some money.
Glen Bushby challenges him to a drag race, but Matt's car stalls and he loses.
The BBC said Matt's most notable moment was "His participation in an illegal drag race which saw him injure Harold, himself and Leo."
The 917 L (langheck) featured a spectacular new "long tail" body with a wing, which had very low drag.
A pipe falls onto Abi, knocking her unconscious, but Max and Steven soon find her and drag her out.
Next door, the club venue extends over two floors and regularly stages popular drag shows as well as personal appearances by Irish and international acts.
The resulting drag coefficient of 0.1165, with a front area of 8.53 square feet, is one of the lowest ever achieved for a car.
This arrangement provides the smooth ride of bogie carriages without the additional weight and drag.
 Eddie Hill (born 1936), American drag racer
When the German girls descend on Gabriel and drag him onto their tour bus as their mascot, she finds a policeman to report this kidnapping.
Horse Equipment: Inspired by the idea that she can ride Whinney, Ayla invents drag poles, carrying packs, and notably the travois.
2019 - Drag Kids, Megan Wennberg
Later, the Soyuz 1 parachute failure was linked to an insufficient pilot chute that failed to drag the main parachute from its container.
It also sponsored NHRA drag races from 2003 - 2007.
(It must be said however that many classic car enthusiasts and experienced muscle car drag racers have suggested over the years, that in actuality, all things being equal (ie.
This allowed a smaller rear wing to be used, lowering drag.
On landing, the starboard undercarriage failed to lock down, causing the wing to drag on the ground and the aircraft to go through a fence.
She is the object of Big Malcolm and Eric's affections, and hits both with her handbag when they attempt to drag her to two different seats at once.
Not having much faith in the politicians and expecting that they would drag the process, local administration organized the construction in 1922.
In 2011 London drag queen Richard Rhodes became the first man to be awarded the title.
After making slight trajectory corrections to account for launch rail effects, higher than anticipated drag, and actual booster performance, the payload was inserted nominally above  and  altitude.
(The thrust was less than the drag.)
Tormented by myriads of biting insects, sickened with malaria, and wracked by the terrible heat and powerful thunderstorms, they drag the launch through miles of reeds and water-grass with their boat-hooks, occasionally diving to cut fallen logs out of their way.
Sometimes civil disputes were allowed to drag on until time offered the solution.
While he is knocked out to the ground, they carry his body and drag him until they smash his head into a rock with severe force.
Drag and drop features and ability to convert MIDI files into usable notation were counted among the strongest points of Mosaic.
The Sopwith Camel has a drag area of , compared to  for the P-51 Mustang.
Estimating zero-lift drag
The induced drag coefficient can be estimated as:
In mechanics and aerodynamics, the drag area of an object represents the effective size of the object as it is "seen" by the fluid flow around it.
The New Penny is hosted 7 nights a week by its talented resident drag queens such as Glitz Von Winkle, Nova Gina & Miss Sordid Secret.
In aircraft and rocket design, overall propulsion system efficiency  is the efficiency with which the energy contained in a vehicle's fuel is converted into kinetic energy of the vehicle, to accelerate it, or to replace losses due to aerodynamic drag or gravity.
In the case of airfoils, the pressure field modification results in an increase in pressure drag, and if severe enough will also result in  stall and loss of lift, all of which are undesirable.
As he reached the fallen Marine, he received a mortal wound, but disregarding his own condition, he began to drag the Marine toward his platoon's position.
Reels for distance lines may have a locking mechanism, ratchet or adjustable drag to control deployment of the line and a winding handle to help keep slack line under control and rewind line.
That is another aspect of the balance of power theory, whereby the smaller states could drag their chained states into wars that they have no desire to fight.
L ^ Both "A Slow Drag With Josephine" and "Jimmie Standing In The Rain" were issued as limited edition 78 rpm 10" singles.
For thick plates-walls, non-zero incidence angles, or flow around most solid surfaces, the excess flow' due to form drag results in a near-wall peak in the velocity profile making  not useful.
One day a black dog tried to drag Benedetta away, but her screams frightened him.
"With everyone putting out so much stuff, I mean you've gotta have new product all the time, it's kind of a drag," he continued.
This effect is very significant - up to a 40% reduction in effort for the slip-streaming riders while the lead rider also benefits from reduced drag (somewhat under 10%) due to the air not closing up after them.
Ignoring Macro's command to leave him behind, Cato charges alone at the attacking Germans, driving them away with the Century's Standard (Vexillum), long enough to help Macro to his feet and drag him into a nearby building.
Located near Stratford-upon-Avon in Warwickshire, England, Shakespeare County Raceway became a permanent drag racing facility in 1980 when it was known as 'Long Marston Raceway'.
Drag racing venues in Europe
The strength of the overburden and drag of the salt deposit boundary are the two factors that will slow and prevent salt flow and it will only move if the salt forces exceed the resistant forces.
Established in Austin, Texas in 1981 on The Drag, a portion of Guadalupe Street near The University of Texas, Texadelphia has locations in and around Austin, Dallas, Houston & the Rio Grande Valley, plus Oklahoma City.
The organisation was created in 1973 from a more drag racing oriented faction of the Australian Hot Rod Federation.
The Black Cap was a pub in Camden Town, London known for its drag cabaret, and popular from the mid-1960s until it closed in April 2015.
A notable regular performer at The Black Cap was Rex Jameson's drag persona, Mrs Shufflewick.
The Meth Lab hosted a number of stars from RuPaul's Drag Race including Season 6's Bianca Del Rio, Adore Delano, and BenDeLaCreme, Season 3 winner Raja Gemini, and Season 7's Trixie Mattel.
In massive denial and pain, he drops out of therapy and continues to drink, culminating in a physical assault on Fran as she tries to drag him out of a bar.
The song was featured in the films White Chicks, The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement, Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous and Ice Princess (as an instrumental) and television series RuPaul's Drag Race, Smallville, ER, and Psych.
Following the facelift of March 2011, the drag factor was reduced to 0.28.
Portage Avenue is the site in the summer months of the "Sunday Night Cruise" by automobile enthusiasts, which while delighting the participants, raises the ire of many West End residents due to the noise, and the all too frequent practice of drag racing.
The song ends with the men declaring a revolution and then having their plans thwarted by women, who come in and drag them away.
Ronnie Sox (c. 1938 – April 22, 2006 in Richmond, Virginia) was an American drag racer.
Sox went on to drive a Mercury Comet in IHRA Pro Modified for a few years before retiring from drag racing.
Drag coefficient:  0.34 
Drag coefficient: 0.35 
Cohen insisted that his activities in the Jewish community were not political and denounced attempts to "pit one section of Jews against another"; later the Marquess of Salisbury was himself moved to write to condemn the attempt to drag in a speech he had made nearly thirty years before.
Graham Hill was the first under the Dunlop Bridge but got into a drag race down the long straight with Parkes in the GTO prototype.
A disadvantage is that the five hulls give a large "wetted area", increasing drag.
  is the total drag force on the aircraft
The referenced storyline involved Sadie performing at a talent contest but being mistaken for a drag queen.
There are other attractions, too, such as Jackson donning dominatrix drag to simulate rites of masochistic love with a lucky audience member while singing 'Would You Mind', whose lyrics alone could make the coldest fish sweat.
Having lost forever the one he loved, Jean decides to die as well and to drag all his enemies to death.
Built on the Microsoft platform, Laserfiche Avante allows users to drag and drop e-mails from Outlook into Laserfiche.
Hot Rod Fuller, participant in the 2008 NHRA Powerade Drag Racing Series season
Lloyd calculated that, the adoption of a relatively clean tailless layout in combination with a laminar wing would generate only one-third of the aerodynamic drag of a conventional aircraft, and quickly began outlining an envisioned airliner that incorporated these features.
T. Bigelow Lawrence of Boston owned America's first locally built park drag in 1860.
EGP's orbital altitude is high enough that atmospheric drag has no significant effect on the spacecraft trajectory.
 A racecar in certain classes of auto racing whose origins are nominally or notionally related to factory-stock autos, such as stock car racing or super-stock drag racing
Convinced this coefficient value was in error, they derived a smaller value 0.0033 from their experiments, explaining why the encountered less lift, and drag, than originally computed, and expected.
Lewis also played the part of the 'Little Ol' Lady' dressed in drag.
In the 1940s, he was attacked outside a gay bar while dressed in drag and then convicted of indecency based on the testimony of his attackers.
After completing high school, he worked in the advertising department of Eaton's and began competing in drag pageants.
He built and raced cars from El Mirage Dry Lake and Bonneville Salt Flats to the drag strips and beyond, and established a company that became an icon in the hot rodding industry.
Moon brought a level of showmanship to the sport of drag racing.
The computer then shoots one of the broken cables out to drag him inside the shaft and hangs him.
In each case there has been a reduction in the area of the blade that actually moves the wrong way through the water: in practice a point of the blade remains stationary relative to the water, with the portion outboard of that point providing drive, and the area inboard of it providing drag.
Producers hired Paul O'Grady for a cameo appearance as his drag queen persona Lily Savage for the opening.
it minimises the drag force on the aircraft
However, this resulted in incidents, where drunk Austrian soldiers would pull or drag the bodies of the hanged ones, so the bodies and the gallows were removed,.
In 2018, Ross starred as retired drag queen Hugo Battersby/ Loco Chanelle in the hit West End musical Everybody's Talking About Jamie.
Under the control of the 1st Air Division it participated in Project Drag Net, part of Weapons System WS119L.
 In 1993, famed British drag queen performer Lily Savage (played by Paul O'Grady) performs a parody of the song called"Argos Is a Girl's Best Friend" in his stand-up comedy video Paying the Rent.
Although it had long been known that an elliptical planform is "perfect" from an induced drag standpoint, it was also noticed that a linear taper of the wing had much the same effect, while being lighter.
Drag the River was a rock band based in Atlanta, Georgia featuring singer/songwriter Michelle Malone.
After Drag the River, Malone continued to write songs and release albums as a solo act and with other bands, including Band de Soleil.
The three attend a dinner theater featuring a drag show as entertainment.
 IHBA Drag Boat Series  – ESPN – 1991–1992
When the police inspector again attempts to drag his feet, Abhijeet erupts in anger, shows his identity as a very high level police officer, throws Kaali into jail, and suspends the police officer.
The gondola could be retracted into the fuselage to decrease drag.
Her team includes the drag queen Vena Cava (Ribier), an explosives expert; a mute, pre-teen telepath capable of possessing others named Talking Tina (Barès); and an armed governmental agent named Durand (Perkins-Lyautey).
 Ross McCorkell, drag queen known as Rosé, born in Scotland
When the Goodies reunite, on stage, they are still arguing - until the huge word "The End" appears to drag the Goodies up in the air as they call for help.
The drag on a bomb for a given air density and angle of attack is proportional to the relative air speed squared.
For an aircraft flying straight and level, the initial vertical velocity of the bomb will be zero, which means it will also have zero vertical drag.
At some point (as speed and air density increase), the force of drag will become equal to the force of gravity, and the bomb will reach terminal velocity.
This momentum is countered solely by drag, which starts to slow the forward motion.
If the bomb were not subject to drag, its path would be purely ballistic and it would impact at an easily calculable point, the vacuum range.
The drag depends on the angle of attack of the bomb at any given instant.
For instance, when dropped from very low altitudes, the effects of drag and wind during the fall will be so small that they can be ignored.
Also, the length to beam ratio was too low, resulting in an unnecessarily high drag.
Drag, M., Mikolajczyk, J., Krishnakumar, I. M., Huang, Z. and Salvesen, G. S. (2008) Activity profiling of human deSUMOylating enzymes (SENPs) with synthetic substrates suggests an unexpected specificity of two newly characterized members of the family.
 Ken Achs, Former Canadian drag racer
Chicago, Illinois: Chicago is home to a number of independent record labels such as Touch and Go Records, Thrill Jockey Records and Drag City Records.
Unlike the Sauber C9, the new C11 did not have a low downforce/low drag configuration for Le Mans, that race not being a part of the championship season in 1990.
The 1960s: rallying, drag racing
Allard founded the British Drag Racing Association, launched in June 1964, and served as its President.
The Second International Drag Festival was held at Blackbushe Airport, Sat/Sun 25/26 September 1965, and RAF Woodvale, Sun 3 October 1965.
That there was keen interest in drag racing was beyond doubt as hundreds turned up at Blackbushe Airport on 25 September 1966, to see a non-existent race.
In 2007 Sydney Allard was posthumously inducted into the British Drag Racing Hall of Fame.
For example, a straight, split-tail eel design has the least lift or drag and is more of a skirt-like extension; whereas a large curly-tail grub produces the most rear action, more lift, and the largest profile within the pulsating skirt.
The fierce creature would drag unwary travellers into its den.
Drag Queen Sharon Needles recorded the song "Dead Girls Never Say No" for her debut album PG-13, inspired by the relationship between Carl Tanzler and the corpse of Elena Milagro "Helen" de Hoyos.
During the Russian Constitutional Crisis in September–October 1993, he tried to mediate between Boris Yeltsin and Supreme Soviet, who wanted to drag him to her side by nominating him as the Minister of Security.
The game restarted, but many Bayern players were overwhelmed with despair, virtually unable to continue and needed the assistance of referee Collina to drag themselves off the ground.
They were slow under sail, only , partly due to the drag of the twin screws, and their shallow draft and flat bottom meant that they were leewardly when close-hauled.
The airframe was built largely of light aluminium alloys, principally 75ST; the light-alloy stressed-skin had a very smooth surface which contributed to the low drag of the aircraft.
They can’t wait to train, and they drag their riders to get to the track."
Wiernik's first job with the Sonderkommando required him to drag corpses from the gas chambers to mass graves.
This provides more grip and thus higher cornering speeds, but compared to conventional wings creates less of the drag that slows the car in a straight line.
Towards the end of the season, the suspension was reworked for the Dutch Grand Prix on the high speed Circuit Park Zandvoort, lengthening the wheelbase by three inches and allowing the car to run in a lower drag configuration.
Only minutes later, Danny Ongais came into the pits on lap 63 as the leader of the race, but problems during the stop caused it to drag on for a disastrous 46 seconds.
 Sutan Amrull, drag performer
The couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in Brooklyn called "Shortbus," which is hosted by drag artist Justin Bond (playing vself).
One of the community's attractions is the nearby Rock Falls Raceway, a drag racing track.
The ship's propeller could be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail.
Similarly, the propeller could be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail.
He has served as an expert build adviser on the television show Scrapheap Challenge when the episode revolved around building jet-powered drag cars.
A seduction stealth kill is also possible to perform on a single enemy: during such an attack, Kurenai will perform a vaguely suggestive activity and when the enemy approaches, will drag him down and kill him.
Clean configuration is the flight configuration of a fixed-wing aircraft when its external equipment is retracted to minimize drag, and thus maximize airspeed for a given power setting.
In military aviation, a clean configuration is generally without external stores which reduce maximum performance both due to increased weight and even more so due to increased drag.
It was released in 2003 in Europe by Domino Recording Company and in North America by Drag City.
Their adventures together ranged from flying in PBY Catalinas to assisting engineers with getting the communications operational at an airbase at Lingayen Gulf, Luzon, where Wynne had Smoky drag a telegraph wire, tied to her collar, under a runway, through a  culvert only  in diameter, reduced in places by silt.
Richardson (1997) and Breivik and Allen (2008) noted that there are aerodynamic and hydrodynamic lift and drag components of the wind and current on the parts of the object exposed to the air and current.
Touring car races in the Philippines has not yet reached the levels of popularity enjoyed by other motoring sports such as karting, drag racing and open wheel racing.
Together with improvements to the elevon hinges, this significantly reduced overall drag.
The cast includes drag queen RuPaul as Principal Strict.
Improving the air flow can reduce drag.
The cast of the first production included soprano Lesley Garrett as Val and baritone Steven Page as Anna Fewmore, an ageing drag queen.
While a pellet's muzzle velocity is important for safety proposes, it will lose velocity during flight due to drag.
To keep aircraft drag at supercruise down, SST engines require a high specific thrust (net thrust/airflow) to keep the cross-sectional area of the powerplant to a minimum.
 Brainerd International Raceway, a road course, drag strip and kart track in Brainerd, Minnesota, USA
The bridge then crosses Great Egg Harbor Bay to Drag Island, which it crosses as a causeway.
In October 1954, the NJHA received bids for constructing a  bridge crossing the Great Egg Harbor Bay, beginning at Beesley's Point, as well as a  bridge crossing Drag Channel.
Songs from the Recently Deceased is the third full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13.
In Europe, while the rest of the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 discography was rereleased by People Like You records, The Late, Late, Late Show was at first only reissued by People like you as part of the "Little Box of Horrors" box set.
Little Box of Horrors is a box set released by North Carolina horror punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 on May 9, 2006, on Restless Records in the USA and People Like You Records in Europe on May 29, 2006.
Early military aircraft suffered severe aerodynamic drag (which would further slow down the already lumbering bomb-laden aircraft) with bombs hanging from the wings or below the fuselage, so military aviation designers moved the bombs inside the aircraft.
In case of productive winds the aerostats are typically blown down by the aerodynamic drag applied on the wide and unavoidable Reynolds surface excluding them de facto from the HAWP category.
"Delay Box" is a common slang term used in drag racing to describe an on-board timer which is a Transmission Brake Delay Timer.
The electronic timer is packaged in a metal enclosure when sold to drag racers, thus the slang term delay box.
Some drag race cars now use 16 volt DC systems, in such a scenario the delay box has to be capable of working properly from 16 volts DC, as well as 12 volts DC.
With the spool valve in its normal position hydraulic fluid pressure in the transmission is removed from the reverse clutch pack (but maintained in the forward clutch pack), this causes the drag race car to "launch" (often with great thrust) from the starting line, accelerating rapidly forward toward the finish line.
Such drag racing delay timers are very crude by today's standards.
His family is assigned a patent for a type of delay timer, his son Charlie Hamma is the current president of Digital Delay Inc., a manufacturer of drag racing timers.
Today, virtually all drag race delay boxes are microprocessor based with intelligent, backlit LCD readouts.
The term "cheater boxes" was heard at the drag races for many years.
Of the successful bracket racing drag race cars, most had automatic transmissions equipped with transbrakes.
A small number of drag racers took to augmenting delay boxes, or paid technologists for circuitry to do so.
The unethical, hidden home brew circuits performed closed loop control of a drag race car's Elapsed Time ( E.T.).
The NHRA also created rules specifying how a drag racer electrically wired his race car, requiring racers to leave wires unbundled so they could be quickly and easily traced by eye.
This is changed the face of drag racing in a huge way.
As a result, very few companies manufacture delay boxes for drag racing today and each design is close in functionality to the next.
As mentioned above, in the paragraph one under "Controversial Use", many drag race track operators began dividing race day into "box" and "no box" classes, with "no box class" being prohibited from using any type of delay box in their race cars.
In drag racing, a transbrake is a mechanism that selectively places the transmission in a forward and reverse gear simultaneously.
Retrieved 21 November 2019. and strategic branch of left-wing market anarchism, defined right-libertarianism as an "activist, organization, publication or tendency which supports parliamentarianism exclusively as a strategy for reducing or abolishing the state, typically opposes Counter-Economics, either opposes the Libertarian Party or works to drag it right and prefers coalitions with supposedly 'free-market' conservatives".
He even invented a match that today is known as the Texas Bullrope Match, where one is tied to his opponent using rope and must drag him to all 4 corners of the ring.”
It also featured air drag brakes similar to those found on aircraft that emerged from flat panels in the bodywork of the car to slow it from high speeds; an "ultra-sonic" key that signaled the doors to open; an automated guidance system to help avoid accidents; and a "no hold" steering system.
Aerodynamic forces due to the atmosphere are mostly in the form of drag, but can also be from crosswinds.
At faster speed, aerodynamic drag becomes overwhelmingly the largest force resisting forward motion.
The net aerodynamic drag forces may be considered to act at a single point, called the center of pressure.
It features a carbon fibre aerodynamic low drag body design, composed of individual sections, with an adjustable twin element front wing, single element rear wing, adjustable flaps, and a ground effect diffuser, allowing it to create  of downforce at .
New Zealand's first iconic drag queen and activist Carmen Rupe ran Carmen's International Coffee Lounge on Vivian Street in the 60s and 70s.
After Lucy manages to drag her out, they argue and Lauren storms off.
The cars were slightly upgraded, with more downforce able to be generated by a longer rear tail, a new rear diffuser, and on racing versions, a new rear wing placement for less drag.
This caused Drusus to order his clients to drag Philippus to prison.
The field was also used for motorcycle racing and unauthorized drag racing.
This led to an organized mass protest and a riot the night of August 20 and 21 in San Diego that the San Diego Union dubbed the drag strip riot and socialists call one of the first major youth riots of the 1960s.
The drag experienced by bird bills and pterosaur jaws was hydrodynamically and aerodynamically tested by creating model bills of the black skimmer, Thalassodromeus, and the (presumably) non-skimming Tupuxuara and towing them along a water-filled trough at varying speeds.
It is not silky, having a certain drag on the hand like mohair.
A bicycle in which the rider lies in a supine position is referred to as a recumbent bicycle or, if covered in an aerodynamic fairing to achieve very low air drag, as a streamliner.
If however the wind has a sideways component, the apparent wind must be calculated with a vector sum and, especially if the bicycle is streamlined, the calculation of lateral and drag forces becomes more complex; a proper treatment involves considering the forces on the surfaces like the forces on sails.
To reduce drag, the funnels were telescopic and could be lowered.
It resulted in a lower overpressure, but higher overall dynamic pressure, which inflicted much more damage on drag sensitive targets such as jeeps and personnel carriers.
[Norberg and France's Sabine Herold] ...the [anti-globalization] movement has in recent years provided a cushion for those politicians – European, American, Japanese and developing world alike -- who drag their feet about opening markets.
Winter Carnival takes place each year on a weekend in February and include such events as ski competitions at the Dartmouth Skiway and Oak Hill Ski Center; a polar bear swim; a cappella and jazz concerts; a human dogsled race; a drag ball; and a showing of the 1939 movie.
One memoir records Stacton's penchant for drag.
Hapilon sustained a "slight wound" on the head during the raid, but his followers managed to drag him off safely before the soldiers could seize control of their base.
The El Cajon Boulevard riot was the official name of what the San Diego Union called the Drag Strip Riot.
The drag racing had been organized by the San Diego Timing Association, a local group of hot rod clubs, but was unauthorized.
On August 8, 1960, three (possibly four) bystanders were injured during a drag race.
The crowd of about 3,000 teenagers and adults blocked three blocks of El Cajon Boulevard (one of San Diego's major east-west thoroughfares) and began holding impromptu drag races with just enough room for cars to race two-abreast down the street.
After the riot, the City of San Diego promised to form a committee to look into the problem of a lack of drag racing sites.
There was an attempt at running in the parking lot of Jack Murphy Stadium in an organized event in the 1970's, but currently drag strips in Barona serve the purpose.
The music video featured the band dancing on cars, singing to girls and a drag race, which was won by Justin Timberlake.
The closed runway has occasionally been used as a drag strip.
The COS were a loose collective of bands including Rancid Vat, Seducer, Limecell, Hellstomper, Cocknoose, Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13, Hammerlock, Before I Hang, and The Tunnel Rats.
Frise ailerons use a variant of the latter balance, with the nose of the up-going surface projecting below the wing, but not vice versa, to provide both balancing and asymmetric drag.
Chicagoland Speedway hosts NASCAR races, and the Route 66 Raceway is the site of drag racing events.
The video begins with a drag queen stepping out of an elevator lip synching the first line of the song and then fades into fast-paced footage of a disco ball, people dancing at a party and street festivities during the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras.
Provision for the hoisting frames and twin rudders forced a very unusual shape to the stern, which unintentionally greatly increased drag.
He worked as a barman, actor, fence builder, painter, singing telegram, drag performer and nanny before branching into film and media.
Drag the River is an alternative country band hailing from Fort Collins, Colorado, United States.
McKenzie has been a judge on the Canadian reality television show Canada's Next Top Model, America's Next Top Model and most recently Canada's Drag Race.
Drag & Drop Applications' Items support.
The story concerns Orin, who is 69 and of sound health, but notes that a neighbor had to drag his father to the mountain, so she resolves to avoid clinging to life beyond her term.
The Hex Hector Dance Mix version of this song was featured on episode 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars (season 3) during the "Lip Sync for Your Legacy" between BeBe Zahara Benet and BenDeLaCreme.
Racing handcycles tend to be extremely low to the ground to minimize air drag and maximize the lateral acceleration that can be generated in a turn without rolling over to the outside.
Reunion 5 was announced in September 1997 and saw the introduction of drag and drop capabilities when working with the family card.
In 2013, she was a guest judge for episode eight in season five of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The propeller failed to feather and created excessive drag.
The maintenance advice from Colorado was to drag or grade the road frequently, applying light volumes of new gravel with minimal sand content and providing good drainage with a crown.
As a result, this technique often causes more boat drag due to longer rudder use, and the back-and-forth motion of the rudder tends to rock the boat.
There are regular ferry connections as part of Norwegian National Road 827 from Kjøpsvik to Drag, across the fjord.
The average drag coefficient of a 1:5 model of Tatra 77 was recorded as 0.2455.
The smooth body of the T77a gave a coefficient of aerodynamic drag of 0.212.
While playing for the Nuggets, Hammonds became involved in drag racing.
In addition to his production work with The Revolution Smile, he has produced a number of other bands, including Giant Drag, The Black Pacific, and Deftones.
The straight neck would have been used in order to avoid creating drag by arching its neck upward into the water column.
The model was placed in a wind tunnel, and subjected to several tests to determine drag, lift, and other forces experienced by the head in different situations.
The highly irregular spheres drastically reduced lift and increased drag, but when they were rubbed off (leaving only the slightly irregular glue layer), the only major reduction in aerodynamic quality (compared to the smooth model) was that the stall angle decreased to 16 degrees.
A short section of the song plays before the nighttime drag race in the first The Fast and the Furious film.
Numerous well-known drag racers came to race, such as "Big Daddy" Don Garlits, "Jungle Jim" Liberman, Dale Armstrong, "TV Tommy" Ivo, and Shirley Muldowney.
The Horten H.IV was a German tailless flying wing glider in which the pilot was to lie in a prone position to reduce the frontal area, and hence drag.
Jovan Bridges (“Yvie Oddly”) - performer, winner, RuPaul’s Drag Race (2019)
 Drag race: Wrightspeed X1 vs. Carrera GT, vs. Ferrari 360 and vs. AC Propulsion tZero
With the new track surface, the drag of the hoods being up and fast race-pace several teams had miscalculated their fuel consumption.
One of the alleged contributing factors towards the Do 31's cancellation was the relatively large drag and weight imposed by the lift engine pods, which reduced both the useful payload and range of the type compared to conventional transport aircraft.
The gracile snout's roughly circular cross-section would have minimised drag, while the long jaws were suited for quickly snapping up mobile prey.
After observing another caveman drag away a woman by the hair in order to "claim" her, Keaton tries to become more assertive, but is continuously pushed back and bullied by Beery.
The track hosts drag racing events.
He has raced motorcycles, drag cars, and in stock car racing, which included attempts in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and the ARCA Re/Max Series.
During the translation from the hover to forward flight, the difference in lift across the rotor disc causes a difference in drag, resulting in a noticeable vibration between approximately 10-20 knots.
RuPaul (Rupaul Andre Charles) celebrity drag queen (Class of 1979)(note: RuPaul took his GED and did not graduate with his 1979 classmates.)
He covered several types of auto racing, including sprint cars, Championship Cars, stock cars, drag racers, and Can-Am cars.
He was the author of If I were column in Belgrade's 'Prestup' magazine from 2003-2006, in which he dealt with political provocation, enacting different social roles – the prime minister's chauffeur, a beggar, a TV news presenter, or a drag queen on the trail of a mass grave.
Francis Leon (stage name for Frank Glassey), 77, white American man who specialized in performing as an African-American woman in drag and in blackface to create the character of a prima donna in minstrel shows
"It Takes Two" (RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars)
He appeared in the beginning of Heartbreak Ridge (1986) as a convict who gets beaten up by Clint Eastwood and the same year, he played a Divine-like drag queen who loses his clothes to John Candy in Armed and Dangerous.
The film features local drag queen Robert Kaiser as Sabrina.
Another milestone in the history of contemporary Peruvian art is the Travestite Museum created by the philosopher and drag queen Giussepe Campuzano in 2003.
While 6 String Drag broke up in the late 1990s, Roby continues to make records and play live shows with the Mercy Filter, which includes Scott McCall of $2 Pistols.
In 1980 it became the first drag car under 5.5 litres, and the first all-British car to complete a quarter-mile race in less than eight seconds.
Gary Beck (born January 21, 1941) is a two-time World champion drag racing driver.
Beck was named driver of the year by Drag News and top fuel driver of the year by Car Craft.
She is attacked by a wizened old man who spits butterflies from his mouth and tries to drag her into his black stagecoach.
Frank Hawley also served as a television sports commentator for ABC, TNN, and ESPN and authored two books on the sport of drag racing.
Drag Racing : Drive To Win.
It was judged that having a single engine would create too much drag, but the two lift engines were dead weight in cruise, and the small cruise engine gave a poor thrust to weight ratio.
The move is similar to the over-the-shoulder arm drag from professional wrestling, where it or variants of it may also be called a judo hip throw or toss.
Ray works for a highly suspect retail store named Kingdom Come, and dresses like a drag queen.
Mysterio gained the early advantage when he was able to perform an arm drag and a plancha on Guerrero.
"Nobody gets far riding the XS Eleven before they become acquainted with the fact that it's strong; we had ridden ours over hundreds of open-road miles before going to the drag strip and knew it was a bullet."
The discreet homosexual nephew John (John Alderman) turns into Stuart (Michael A. Anderson), a drag queen, in the second film.
During the 1980s and 1990s, Jenkins also called CART series races, IMSA, Formula One, drag racing, and various other races on ESPN and ABC.
When Annie was accused of being the leader of a gang due to them being led by a woman, Annie later discovered that it was a criminal named Pretty Face Grimes who was dressed in drag.
Nevertheless, at WrestleMania, he won the battle royal, competing in drag as Santina Marella (Santino Marella's self-alleged twin sister), last eliminating Beth Phoenix and Melina.
 Kenny Bernstein (born 1944), American drag racing driver nicknamed "The King of Speed"
Pearson tells Quintal to lower the landing gear to create drag and further reduce their speed so they don't overshoot, but the nose gear fails to lock.
RuPaul (born 1960) – actor, drag queen, model, author, television personality, and recording artist
Photographs were of herself with many groups of people such as drag queens, punks, swing dancers, senior citizens, Latinos, hip-hop musicians and fans, skateboarders, lesbians, young urban professionals, and schoolgirls.
Swimming during this week was strictly forbidden, lest mermaids would drag a swimmer down to the river bed.
Furthermore, it is assumed that thrust equals drag, and the longitudinal equation of motion may be ignored.
She attempts to escape but runs into Three Finger, who splits her in half with his axe before he and the cannibal Brother drag her body halves away.
Allen is best known for his regular appearances on ESPN2 as host, pit reporter and expert analyst for Speedworld, In the Driver’s Seat, The Mother’s Polish Car Show Series, Inside Drag Racing, World of Trucks by the Outdoor Channel, and other programming.
The riot was a response to the violent and constant police harassment of drag queens and trans people, particularly trans women.
Many trans women and drag queens did sex work, which many of them referred to as "hustling", in order to survive.
Compton's management and staff, in an effort to deter drag queens and trans women, frequently called the police when they were present causing them to be harassed and arrested for a crime called "female impersonation".
Coupled that with vastly different packaging requirements for a small, light, normally aspirated engine meant that concerns over drag became a secondary requirement to downforce.
However, Boyer, along with Ward, also said that the enemy animations often drag on too long, slowing the pace of battle.
It offered a new battery pack from LG Chem increasing capacity by 50% to , a new aero kit designed to reduce drag, and new tires with lower rolling resistance.
He did a quarter-mile (~400 m) in dry conditions in 12.643 seconds, setting a new record in the National Electric Drag Racing Association among the SP/A3 class of vehicles.
	I Want to Go Where Things Are Beautiful (2008, Twos & Fews / Drag City.
"But at the same time, I didn't want to feel like, "Without a question, I have to drag myself across the country for this show".
We then see a drag race in the street where a yellow hot rod races against an orange hot rod which the band is in.
This causes a net drag due to friction.
 Ashley Force and sister Courtney Force, drag racers for John Force Racing and daughters of John Force
1901: (20 November) Mexico City police raided an affluent drag ball, arresting 42 men (19 of which were cross-dressing).
A different segment of the hobby is slot car drag racing on a long straight strip of track.
Combined with manual transmission, these cars were often used as drag racers due to their light weight.
Third place contestant Santino Rice would later become one of the judges of another reality show, RuPaul's Drag Race.
Designers and engineers of the Fiat 500e worked to minimize drag while keeping the iconic styling of the conventional powered Fiat 500.
Kumarason Chinnadurai (born 10 August 1968, in Singapore), popularly known as Kumar, is a Singaporean Indian comedian and television host, actor, and drag queen.
In 1991, Kumar landed a gig at the now defunct Laughs Comedy Club in Tanglin Shopping Centre playing the role of an Indian drag queen.
One of the most salient differences between Kumar's appearances on television and his shows in clubs is that he does not perform in drag on television.
The reference points out the difficulty in 1879 of anchoring either off the mouth of the channel or in Plum Island Sound, as the currents may cause the vessel to drag anchor.
When Warren's friends in Cherry Grove heard what had happened, they too dressed up in drag, and, on July 4, 1976, with Cherry Grove's 1976 Homecoming Queen Thom Hansen (aka Panzi) in the lead, sailed to the Pines by water taxi.
Now, many years later, the annual Fourth of July Invasion of the Pines attracts hundreds of drag queens and thousands of spectators to what has become an annual Independence Day event.
As each drag queen leaves the ferry and marches onto the dock, she is announced by Panzi, the original 1976 invasion leader, now mistress of ceremonies.
On August 20, 2014, regarding Russian intervention in Ukraine he said that Putin is trying to drag a conflict not declare war.
Krave Massive ― A gay nightclub, sister property of Drink and Drag, moved to the former Galaxy movie theater space from its previous location on the Las Vegas Strip in June 2013.
While the dispute continued, the schedules for both leagues was allowed to drag out, leading to a late starting date for the Finals.
Simpson started in drag racing and SCCA Formula racing, eventually moving up to the USAC Championship Car series.
Simpson's uncle owned a military surplus store, and suggested that he use a cross-form parachute to slow down the drag car.
In addition to the drag chutes and Nomex underwear that Bill Simpson first introduced to racing, Impact!
Shamrock took advantage of the time outside of the ring to drag Gunn around, throwing him face first into the ring post, steel steps and the unpadded floor before putting him back in the ring.
The movie doesn't understand that embarrassment comes in a sudden painful flush of realization; drag it out, and it's not embarrassment anymore, but public humiliation, which is a different condition, and not funny."
Preceding each Multi-Challenge series is a qualifying drag race, where victory is determined by a good start and proper gear-shifting.
 Iliad 22.391–393: Achilles' young warriors sing a paieon, a song of praise or self-praise, as they drag Hector's body back to their ships
It was released through the label Drag City.
It featured only 40 cars, and was hosted by members of the Michigan Hot Rod Association (MHRA), which was created only a year before to "organize small local clubs into one unified body that could raise the money needed to pull drag racing off the streets and into a safe environment".
While each party to the treaty was not obliged to come to the aid of the other, it was an attempt by Carthage, which felt itself less able to carry out land warfare, to drag Rome into a land war in Sicily.
Fluid drag ripples Also known as aerodynamic ripples, these are formed with fine, well-sorted grain particles accompanied by high velocity winds which result in long, flat ripples.
The first drag race was won by Fox.
A 1/4 mile asphalt stockcar track was constructed in 1966 after the drag racing didn't take off nationally.
 Oregon All High School Drag Racing: 1977
"She" turns out to be Groucho Marx in drag and says "Well, fancy meeting you here!"
The overly complex structure of three wings and their accompanying struts and bracing wires created so much drag that the six engines couldn't compensate.
The Telltale Imprint: An incriminating lipstick print left on the glass door convicts a robber, who held up the bank in drag.
Some of the desktop features, including full window drag and anti-aliased fonts, could be turned on by placing the line ILOVEBUNNY32=1 under the Windows section in win.ini.
It implements support for shell scrap files, which are automatically created when you drag selected content from an OLE-capable application into an Explorer window or desktop, but you can also use the Object Packager to create them.
When his parents found out that he was gay and performing in drag, they couldn't look him in the eye.
In 1987, Les Simpson (also a contributor to Time Out New York) started to publish My Comrade, using his alter-ego Linda Simpson, a drag queen involved in New York City's gay nightlife, as editor.
After that, the festivities begin, including an all-male chorus line in drag, which is photographed by one of the club employees who smuggles out the pictures to the news media.
However, the drag estimates had large error bars, and so an anomalous acceleration could not be ruled out.
In 1922 the Romanian engineer Aurel Persu filed a patent application for an “aerodynamically-shaped automobile with the wheels mounted inside the aerodynamic body” having a drag coefficient of only 0.22 and received it in Germany in 1924.
Arturo burst out from inside the church, takes Alaide's hand, begging her to run off with him as he tries to drag her away.
Courtney Lee Enders (born November 14, 1986) is a former NHRA drag racer.
He has two chrome exhaust pipes on his sides, custom street racing Lightyear tires and a drag racing wheelie bumper on his back.
Thus, a shell with a low drag coefficient must be built.
Due to a change in the North American Solar Challenge rules for 2008 requiring the driver to sit upright, the team was faced with the task of allowing the driver to do this while still minimizing aerodynamic drag.
Life is also boring growing up in the safest city in the world, and the boys find school to be a drag.
During the second season of Drag Race Holland, contestant Keta Minaj impersonated Anderson for the Snatch Game challenge.
The town has curling and ice skating rinks (which are seasonal), and ski drag lifts in an area which in summer months is used for bobsleds.
Giuliani was on stage in male disco garb spoofing John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever, but also appeared in drag in taped video clips that reworked the "Rudy/Rudia" theme of a past Inner Circle dinner, as well as in an exchange with Joan Rivers that sought to make fun of Clinton.
He moved to New York's East Village in 1982 to pursue a career as an artist, and became a regular performer at the Pyramid Club, appearing next to other drag legends like Rupaul and Lady Bunny.
in her books and he is featured on the cover of her book The Other Side in drag.
Pussy Tourette is the stage name for an American drag queen, composer and singer.
"Police Drag Lake For Body of Youth."
Nothstein won two races in the 2007 NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series season; one at Bradenton Motorsports Park in Bradenton, Florida in the series’ season opener, the other in mid-July at Gateway International Raceway in Madison, Illinois.
One goal of automotive aerodynamics is to reduce the air turbulence, or drag, caused by the shape of the automobile.
A design with less drag means higher efficiency and an increased maximum velocity, given the same powertrain.
After rebuffing the team's owner, he ended up in prison and then was forced to try and flee the country dressed in drag.
In 2020, Milligan was a contestant on RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race.
The SWC design offers better external ballistics than the wadcutter, as its conical nose produces less drag than the flat cylinder.
LED light bars are lighter and smaller, creating less drag and better aerodynamics.
Chance claims to be strong with his nonchalant attitude, but when photos of him in drag show up all over school, Chance must face his own preachings of staying true to oneself.
Also if the powertrain had more power and if the car experienced less drag then it could achieve a faster lap time.
Lucas hits on Dillon, who is dressing in drag for an all-female band.
Dimensions and geometry could be controlled to high accuracy, but this was done by comparative methods: comparison against templates or other gauges, feeling the degree of drag of calipers, or simply repeatably cutting, relying on the positioning consistency of jigs, fixtures, and machine slides.
Bussey ordered the drivers to unload the two machine guns and ammunition in their trucks and drag them to the top of the hill.
John Force is one of the most dominant drivers in drag racing, having compiled 119 career victories and 13 NHRA championships by the start of the show's first season (he has since increased these totals to 138 and 16, respectively, as of the 2013 NHRA season).
The producers opened up the play by adding a sequence of an Absent Without Leave Lewis in drag fending off the amorous advances of his drunken platoon sergeant, a sequence on an obstacle course and the addition of several songs written by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans.
She was the first woman in history to earn an AMA professional motorcycle drag racing license, qualify at a NHRA national event and also became the first ever woman factory race driver for General Motors.
In 1957, Kuenen published that "groove cast" was a general term encompassing both drag marks and slide marks.
Drag marks create a groove or striation caused by a physically hard object like a rock or shell.
After successfully completing these activities Lightning has to defeat others in the Rev It Up Drag Races.
Content contributors included New York drag queen Trudy and journalist Chris Barillas.
The American picture sleeve includes a photo of the band dressed in drag, shot by Jerry Schatzberg.
Barber described the video as a "rock-and-roll version of 'Mad Max,'" with pyrotechnics, a demolition derby, and drag racing.
After three years of covering the NHRA Drag Racing Championship, he left broadcasting to oversee and operate a Honda dealership in Wilsonville, Oregon.
In 1996, while still active with ALL, Price formed Drag The River with Jon Snodgrass.
With Drag The River
The ZL900 was designed to evoke images of the wildly successful Z1 drag bikes, with a bobbed rear fender, short travel fork, large rear tire, fat chromed mufflers, a small fuel tank and low straight handlebars.
On the way to the drag race one of the jeeps broke down.
RuPaul e a Corrida das Loucas (RuPaul's Drag Race, from Logo TV)
 Guns/In Drag (4:01)
The whalesuckers, no more than three to a host, usually attach to the flanks or belly of the dolphin, which may serve to minimize drag and facilitate feeding.
Females have two pairs of teats, and while males have a large scrotum, the penis is hidden beneath the skin, to reduce drag while swimming.
There, she meets drag queens, butches, and femmes.
She moves in next to Ruth, a drag queen and trans woman.
The Supreme Fabulettes – Viva La Drag (London West End and UK Tour 2014–2015)
Frau Wäber (Mrs Wäber) is a popular and long-running drag act on German television, who appears in a number of light entertainment, Schlager and Volksmusik programmes on the state channel SWR, and on SWR-produced programmes of the same type in ARD.
A fixed tricycle landing gear, mounted close to the fuselage to lessen aerodynamic drag, gave the aircraft a very "squatty" appearance on the ground.
He joined the club having represented Buckinghamshire County through juniors to senior level where he saved a drag flick from Ashley Jackson.
The kids then drag off his body.
Ice makes the surface of the wings rougher, reducing the amount of lift they provide while increasing drag.
Malone is known primarily for having been a drag racer and was the 1963 AHRA Top Fuel World champion.
The video for "Dude (Looks Like a Lady)" features the band performing live onstage as well as random moments of characters portraying drag queens, including a cameo appearance by A&R man John Kalodner dressed up in a wedding dress at one point.
However, fairies cannot swim because their wings absorb water and drag them down.
Many of his compositions are for horror and thriller films, including Hellraiser, Species, Urban Legend, The Grudge, The Exorcism of Emily Rose, Drag Me to Hell, Sinister,  Deliver Us from Evil and Pet Sematary.
This means that less aileron deflection is needed to produce a required motion, which, in turn, will reduce aileron drag and its associated unwanted tendency to cause the aircraft to yaw.
In addition, travelling overland posed more difficulty than traversing water due to the lack of motion attenuation generated by wave drag.
This version came equipped with a Simpson drag parachute for use at speeds in excess of .
, Arrancar 20, is one of Baraggan's Fracciónes who is a muscular and vain drag queen.
On a turn, the electric motor would apply torque to the outside rear wheel, while the inside rear wheel motor would drag, amplifying the SH-AWD effect.
Entering into town on Troy Pike, SR 55 turns north onto Main Street, and follows Casstown’s main drag up to the SR 589 junction.
The resulting drag and, more importantly, gravitational interactions with the surrounding material caused a transfer of angular momentum, and as a result the planets gradually migrated to new orbits.
With Facilier's plan foiled, the voodoo spirits drag him into their world for failing to pay back his debt.
Starting in 2009, they are the official oil for the Formula Mazda Challenge series  Other partnerships and contingency programs include Drag racing, Road Racing, Time Attack, Pro Stock Bike racing, and Motorcycle racing.
The 4-barrel version of the Cleveland small block followed by a set of 429 cid big blocks up to the Super Cobra Jet and the Drag Pak plus a four-speed transmission and a selection of automatics.
Initially gaining use in drag racing, the Cyclone was raced in NASCAR alongside the Fairlane and its Torino successor, with the fourth-generation Cyclone becoming one of the most dominant body styles ever used in Winston Cup racing.
Minigames include Drag Racing, Chicken (in which players brake on the checkered line before falling off a cliff) and shooting game where one player drives and collects ammo (such as missiles, minigun ammo, and shotgun ammo) while another player controls the equipped weapon, First-Person Style, and attempts to shoot the opposing vehicle three times.
Willie Smith was a master of the drag shot.
Among the myths underlying psychic life, Jung favoured that of the hero who has to stand up to a devouring Great Mother figure threatening to drag him back into symbiotic unconsciousness.
As they surround him and drag him to the waiting mouth of the maw, he screams; all of them have his face.
One thing it had in common with the Flying Circus is the frequent use of drag by the main cast.
The bodywork had undergone wind tunnel testing at the Politecnico di Torino facilities, with tests showing a drag coefficient of  on a one-fifth scale model of the car.
Dr. Ahn received multiple calls during the meeting, and the colleagues decided to kick him out of the room after Wang said that the meeting could drag onto the following day at this rate.
Originally, men or horses and block and tackle were used to provide mechanical advantage to drag the cradle and vessel up the slipway.
It also featured other local drag queens from Atlanta, as well as other nationally known stars.
This is what I had in mind when I started writing my first drag show."
Other drag queens have chided me for not changing my hairdo, but I just feel it is so much part of the persona and so recognizable, I don't want to change it."
So when I decided to do drag, they were nervous, but hid it.
I'm not saying that I am historical, but just being out there doing the drag, on television, in movies ...
They were not, about which Leupp commented, "I think that drag is scary, even in our own community.
He is the black sheep of the family, since his adoptive mother loathes him and never avoids a chance to publicly humiliate him, even to forcing him to show up at a party in drag so she can verbally and physically abuse him.
 Sourav Kumar Mandal, (born 1992), Drag racer from Derabassi, Punjab
Fly fishing tackle includes fly lines designed for easy casting, specialised fly reels designed to hold a fly line and supply drag if required for landing heavy or fast fish, specialised fly rods designed to cast fly lines and artificial flies, terminal tackle including artificial flies, and other accessories including fly boxes used to store and carry artificial flies.
The research for the contract was split into two phases; phase one would be to determine the benefits of an overall reduction in drag, phase two would determine the benefits of auxiliary thrust.
During the first phase, a general clean-up of the airframe was performed to reduce drag.
During the performance breakdown of "Whatever Bitch", she vogued with drag queens.
 Bianca Del Rio – actor, comedian, costume designer, and drag queen.
 Drag Chain: Proto-Semitic gīm  palatalized to Hejazi  jīm first, opening up a space at the position of , which qāf * then moved to fill the empty space resulting in Hejazi  gāf, restoring structural symmetrical relationships present in the pre-Arabic system.
It has organised rally, autocross, rallycross and drag racing competitions.
He springs into action, positioning the jeep to drag the mine to a nearby ravine, but as he hooks the chain to the mine, he is again overcome with fear.
Other reviews are average or mixed: Now gave the album a score of three stars out of five and said, "The album as a whole does drag on, and the songs aren't as immediately grabby as those on their last disc, but We Were Dead is more interesting and varied than Good News."
"Herkimer Mohawk"  -  Happy At The Drag Strip   – 2:08 
During this phase, drag from the red giant also decreased the orbital speed of the brown dwarf, causing it to fall inwards.
At the 2004 Sundance Film Festival, where the 90-minute version screened, Bright criticized the film and lambasted the producers for re-editing his film, leading them to drag him off stage.
The interplay between the phenylalanine clamp and the protonation state cause a ratcheting effect that drives the protein though until enough has crossed into the cytoplasm to drag the rest through the pore as the N-terminus refolds.
When Duncan initiates a drag race, Seb jumps on the bonnet to stop them but Duncan, high, keeps on driving.
Belle is upset when Lisa is later killed during a drag race.
Willam Belli (, born June 30, 1982), mononymously known as Willam, is an American drag queen, singer-songwriter, reality television personality, author, and YouTuber.
Before appearing on Drag Race, Willam worked as an actor, most notably playing the recurring role of transgender woman Cherry Peck in Ryan Murphy's medical drama Nip/Tuck.
Between 2012 and 2014, she recorded several songs as part of the group DWV (alongside drag queens Vicky Vox and Detox), including the parodies "Chow Down" and "Boy Is a Bottom", whose music videos were viral successes.
2009–2010: Drag career
In January 2013, Belli would have his biggest viral hit with 20 million hits on YouTube alone, when he released "Boy Is a Bottom", featuring Detox and Vicky Vox, to coincide with the fifth season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Friends from Belli's everyday life, as well as some of his favorite drag queens are expected to put in guest appearances over the course of the 13-episode series.
The facility includes 4/10-mile oval track, a 2-mile road course, and a 1/8-mile drag strip.
Hetty and Mandy were both played by Emery in drag.
He recorded bands such as Giant Drag, and Deftones fifth album Saturday Night Wrist.
Coming out at 15, he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen, and is now dying of AIDS-related illness.
Kiki and Herb Will Die for You: Live at Carnegie Hall is a live album by drag cabaret duo Kiki and Herb.
 RuPaul Andre Charles, American drag queen and actor
A large number of anchor placements, especially if they form a zig-zag rather than a straight line, can make the rope drag so bad that the climber can hardly move forward.
The chances of rope drag occurring can be reduced by using two ropes in parallel instead of just one (so that for each point of protection, the nearer rope can be used), using carabiners with integral pulleys (such as the DMM Revolver), or by using slings to extend protection so that the rope can stay in a straight line.
Rope drag on a dynamic climbing rope also effectively reduces the length of rope available for absorbing fall energy (or, in other words, effectively increases the rope's modulus of elasticity), resulting in higher fall impacts than would be expected using a simple fall factor calculation.
Sport and multi-pitch trad climbers often value thinner ropes because they are lighter, and have less rope drag.
Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex's family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession.
The Mohajer-4 features a squarish body and low-mounted trapezoidal wings with upward-canted wingtips to lessen drag.
Born in Youngstown, Ohio, Marchan started as a female impersonator in his teens, and formed a drag troupe, the Powder Box Revue.
NHRA 2005 Championship Drag Racing
Edison2 – Developers of the Very Light Car, this Lynchburg, Va team of experts from auto endurance racing emphasize low weight and low aerodynamic drag as the key to automotive efficiency, and are entered in both alternative classes and the mainstream class.
Julia Clarete also appeared as Erning in two episodes, the feature on Manila Zoo and the local drag racing scene in Parañaque City, respectively.
It only does so because of the wing which gives it lift and the engine's power to overcome the drag of the fuselage, the load, the tailplane, the stabilizers, fins and the engines."
It appeared along with its B-side "Yes, I Am Blind" on the compilation album Bona Drag.
2015 (August 21, Stage AE): Social Distortion, Anti-Flag, Reel Big Fish, Nikki Lane, X Ambassadors, and Drag the River
 Podded engines can increase drag.
Danny's personality is based, at least partially, on Irish drag performer Danny La Rue.
The investigation into the crash determined the probable cause  was that "following the failure of the left engine, the left engine's ring cowl was deformed causing a buffeting and drag condition that made sustained flight impossible."
 Meg Baird – “The Finder” (2011, Drag City) 
It works by providing a space for the underbody airflow to decelerate and expand (in volume, as density is assumed to be constant at the speeds that cars travel) so that it does not cause excessive  flow separation and drag, by providing a degree of "wake infill" or more accurately, pressure recovery.
According to Hiro Fujimori, aerodynamicist for the Toyota Eagle MkIII project, this bi-plane wing produced 18% more downforce for the same drag as a normal wing.
He concluded: "Weepy subplots amid the gore drag the rating even lower, although like Arm of Kannon, it's a worthy read for anyone who likes a good gross-out".
Beauty Marked is the debut studio album by American drag queen Miss Fame, released on June 9, 2015, by Sidecar Records.
On December 7, 2014, during the "Ru-Veal" of the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race, Miss Fame was the first queen announced to be a contestant on the show.
Regarding the album's title, during the premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race, upon first meeting Miss Fame, he says "I'm ready to show everybody what I'm meant to do, which is leave a beauty mark on the face of the planet".
Beauty Marked was just one of many projects released from Drag Race alumni, with several other past contestants releasing albums within the month of June 2015.
The video was directed by Ben Simkins, who directed various other videos by Drag Race alumni, including "I Adore U" by Adore Delano.
In 1967, Fahey recorded with Texas psych-rock trio The Red Crayola at the 1967 Berkeley Folk Festival, music that resurfaced on the 1998 Drag City release The Red Krayola: Live 1967.
Their rivalry takes a personal turn in the episode "The All Out Fall Out" when a simple drag race gradually escalates to Davies blackmailing Ari with pictures of Mrs Ari in an old soft-core porn movie, forcing Ari to threaten to beat him up in front of his colleagues at TMA.
There was an understandable apprehension on the part of the public to a conveyance atop a dangerous steam boiler; seeking to overcome this objection, Gurney designed an articulated vehicle, termed the Gurney steam drag, in which a passenger carriage was tethered to and pulled by an engine.
 Iron Horse of Fable?—Article on Gurney's Steam Drag from the Steam Car Club of Britain
This is the second time Stan Laurel appears in drag as Oliver Hardy's wife; the first was That's My Wife.
Subsequently, Stan would appear in drag twice more, in A Chump at Oxford in 1940 and finally, in Jitterbugs, briefly, as a Boston matron, in 1943.
In February 2011, Sweany released That Old Southern Drag again on Nine Mile Records.
The Modern Novel states that it "does drag out somewhat" and "you just want him to get on with the story.
Customers such as Cher, and Terence Conran rubbed shoulders with Jackie Onassis and Lauren Bacall; they might also see drag queen Joey Arias serving the King of Spain, author Douglas Coupland absorbing the store's  pop culture, or Calvin Klein and Gloria Vanderbilt buying jeans.
It was originally a mule drag used to haul timber to the creek.
Refused a fifth time, he attempts to drag Azuma to a back-room, there to have his way by main force.
The Los Angeles Times called the decaying retail property "a drag on the neighborhood" while a Los Angeles City Councilman called it a "blighted site".
Another disadvantage of the mast-aft rig, when set up with no mainsail, is the drag on the mast.
By not having a sail attached to the trailing edge of the mast, the mast becomes a significant source of drag.
Alyssa Edwards and Coco Montrese appeared as contestants in season five of RuPaul's Drag Race, where the 2010 Miss Gay America pageant issues and animosity between Alyssa and Coco played a central theme throughout the season.
Aside from the show's large attention to NASCAR racing, it also included various other American racing including NHRA drag racing, USAC stock car and Champ Car racing (Champ Car at that time implied USAC) and sprint car racing on paved and dirt ovals.
Sho Sakurai of Arashi held an interview with drag queens in 2015 in Shinjuku Ni-chōme and was given the nickname "Cherry Shoko in the Sky".
Blair St. Clair - drag queen
The changes raised the drag coefficient to 0.35.
She won critical acclaim as Mrs. Ganush in Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell'' (2009).
This increases her efficiency by reducing drag while also protecting the ocean from biocides that may leak.
In addition to Callaway's engine performance improvements, the Sledgehammer Corvette used modified body panels to reduce drag and improve stability.
 American Idol (2011), Dancing with the Stars (2009), RuPaul's Drag Race (2018, 2020), and The Voice (2014) – 10 
The thinking behind the Tyrrell P34 was that this drag effect could be reduced by using smaller diameter tyres at the front.
In his assessment, the improved aerodynamics at the front were largely negated by the rear tyres which at 24" (60 cm) diameter would still have accounted for 30 to 40% of the car's total drag.
 Drag On (born 1979) – rapper
Live from a Shark Cage is the first album by Papa M, the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M'), released in 1999 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 1999 in music).
The Batblade was built on the body of a drag racer: the rear tire comes not from a motorcycle, but from a car.
Wynnie la Freak plays Connie, the local drag queen upstairs.
The Zephyr was designed by John Tjaarda (1897–1962), who was fascinated with airplanes, resulting in unibody construction relatively light and rigid for its size and a drag coefficient of 0.45.
Good access to Cascades is from the top of the long Gers drag lift, but to reach this the black Styx run must be skied first; Styx is open when avalanche conditions permit, but is variable in condition (sometimes pisted, sometimes not).
Just when Mrs. Prysselius has had enough, gets into a breakdown and is about to drag Pippi straight to the children's home herself, Pippi's father returns to take her back to their life on the sea.
Apart from the extra weight and drag imposed by the four-gun turret and second crew member, the Defiant lacked any directly forward-firing armament.
Racing boats (often called "shells") are long, narrow, and broadly semi-circular in cross-section in order to reduce drag to a minimum.
Planet Bollywood also positively reviewed Bannerjee's performance, but criticised the film for having a "lack of tautness that makes it drag in patches".
The game also has a Drag Race mode, a Battle mode, and a Joyride mode.
 Katya Zamolodchikova, (performed by Brian McCook, born 1982), American drag queen
In either case, the excessive fletching serves to generate more drag and slow the arrow down rapidly after a short distance (about ).
In biochemistry, flow birefringence is a hydrodynamic technique for measuring the rotational diffusion constants (or, equivalently, the rotational drag coefficients).
Roth had a United States Air Force (USAF) contract to develop plasma technology to reduce drag on airplane wings.
Instead, the seal illustrated a slightly different port scene, the pier and the ship were different, and two port animals drag the canal boat into harbor the opposite direction.
To meet bad Bernie Smith In his book Can't Buy Me Love, Jonathan Gould compares the poem "No Flies on Frank" to Lennon's 1967 song "Good Morning Good Morning", seeing both as illustrating the "dispirited domestic milieu" of "protagonists [who] drag themselves through the day 'crestfalled and defective.
He left the sport for a very long period of time, to devote more time to his family, only to be driven to return to the drag strip to regain his championship form."
Artist page at Drag City website.
Miller has painted portraits of many Gainesville celebrities and public figures, including mayor Pegeen Hanrahan, former Gainesville Mayor Craig Lowe, former Gainesville chief of police Wayland Clifton, hemp activist and former candidate for Florida governor Michael Geison, and Gainesville's house drag queen at The University Club, The Lady Pearl.
In an attempt to recover Wilson's body, a SWAT unit stormed the house; surprised by the earlier blaze, the Bixbys were caught off-guard for a moment, as they ceased firing long enough for the officers to drag the body from the house.
Nibali went on the attack again on the following stage, which finished with a climb to La Toussuire, and put time into Wiggins and Froome, only for the pair to drag themselves back to Nibali, although he did move up to third overall after Evans lost time.
On July 5, 2018, it was announced that both Kansas City International Raceway & I-70 Speedway were bought and would reopen in 2019 with the half-mile asphalt oval at I-70 being converted to a dirt track with a drag strip to be included on the property.
Provost is better known as the flamboyant drag queen Mado Lamotte.
Alaska Thunderfuck 5000, drag performer and recording artist
The gun was initially mounted aft of the conning tower to reduce submerged drag, but early in World War II it was shifted to a forward position at the commanding officer's option.
They also dabbled in other amusement ride types such as a SkyGlider, tube slides and water jet ride known as an Aqua Drag.
External styling was once again refreshed, with a more sculptured body that was supposed to reduce drag at high speeds, no doubt done for NASCAR.
2015: This Is Drag (TV documentary)
In May 2018, the first drag parade in South Korea took place with dozens attending the incident-free protest march in the capital Seoul.
The song was covered by American actor and drag performer, Willam Belli.
Todd and Brad would then go to work for car owner and legendary drag racer Raymond Beadle and the Blue Max team under crew chief Barry Dodson.
 Drag (1993, Sympathy for the Record Industry)
The band's outfits matched their props, which were an assortment of whatever junk they could drag on stage.
Mercedes-Benz reported a drag coefficient of 0.19; for comparison, the production vehicle with the lowest ever Cd value was the GM EV1, at 0.195.
It was performed by Sestre, a trio of transvestite men dressed as airflight attendants, and marked the first time an entire ensemble had performed at Eurovision in drag, sparking anti-gay protests in Slovenia as well as debate in the Slovenian Parliament and the European Parliament about the song and the public reaction.
It has no permanent facilities, but often hosts drag races, autocrosses, car control clinics, Local police training, drifting and driving events on a temporary, 1.1 mile-long road course, hosted by organizations including the SCCA.
His last stage performance to date was as Slow Drag in the 2006 revival of August Wilson's Ma Rainey's Black Bottom at the Royal Exchange Theatre in Manchester.
Accordingly, the Daubert standard has been described as "Frye in drag."
These files captured by the Americans in 1945 clearly indicated delta and swept-wing designs had the effect of "reducing drag dramatically as the aircraft approached the sound barrier."
Because it is shorter than a full-length keel, a fin keel creates less drag.
 Tammie Brown, Drag Queen and Television Personality
Early every morning, Ahmad (Ahmad Razvi), a Pakistani immigrant, struggles to drag his heavy cart along the streets of New York to a corner in Midtown Manhattan, where he sells coffee and bagels.
Rosco McGlashan (born 1950) OAM is an Australian drag racing record-holder, who currently holds the Australian land speed record at 500 mph (802.6 km/h).
drag and drop data entry for images, flexible data formats, free defined custom attributes for persons and connections between persons, rating of sources) and interaction (e.g.
Jeg Coughlin Jr. (born June 23, 1970, in Columbus, Ohio) is an American motorsports driver, competing in the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock Division.
He is also the only professional drag racer to win from all 16 qualifying spots.
 Bona Drag – Morrissey (1990)
Sexual content was favored by the presence of female performers, in contrast to the drag performances of the Elizabethan stage.
This watershed event culminated in the redesign of the ninth-generation Thunderbird, which marked the introduction of highly aerodynamic body design to Ford vehicles in North America (reducing its drag coefficient from 0.50 to 0.35), followed by similarly designed model lines, including the 1984 Ford Mustang SVO, 1984 Ford Tempo, 1986 Ford Aerostar, and 1986 Ford Taurus.
Ninja, a gay man known as the godfather of voguing, was a fixture of ball culture at Harlem's drag balls who took inspiration from sources as far-flung as Fred Astaire and the world of haute couture to develop a unique style of dance and movement.
In the episode, the cast talked about the docufilm and encouraged audience members to "walk" as if a participant at a Drag Ball.
Music stated "the karaoke rendition[s] of [...] Tiffany's 'I Think We're Alone Now' really drag this collection down".
In 2003 Ian, together with Broadway and cabaret star, Houston Allred, (the son of James V. Allred, 33rd Governor of Texas), "Genetically Challenged Drag queen" Anita Cocktail, her partner Sharon Boggs and Norman Anderson collectively known as The Shakers, performed at various venues in San Francisco, Millbrae and their hometown bar, in Brisbane, California, the infamous 23 Club.
The Broadway in the song is the main drag in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood, a street on which the Mix-a-Lot Posse got "lots of good grip from the 50 series tires".
In the reality television competition program RuPaul's Drag Race, contestants and judges frequently allude to lines from Paris is Burning, many of them Xtravaganza's.
So, too, do her narrow footprint, reduced windage, easily-controlled sailplan, and modified V-sections aft (which aid sail-carrying without measurably increasing drag.)
The high presence of men in drag is a reference to the central role of women in Martinique's society and family structure.
He widely publicized the process in a U.S. Department of Agriculture Farmers' Bulletin #321 in 1908 under the title The use of the split-log drag on earth roads  An important component of the grading process was that it had to occur when the road was wet.
The widespread use of the King Road Drag came along during the Good Roads Movement, driven by bicyclists and later by automobile drivers.
Paper Dolls (, Bubot Niyar) is a 2006 documentary by Israeli director Tomer Heymann, which follows the lives of transgender migrant workers from the Philippines who work as health care providers for elderly Orthodox Jewish men and perform as drag queens during their spare time.
They would bow by the entrance and were described by the booker, as well as other drag queens, as "unprofessional" and "fit only for a bus stop".
The London Evening Standard, observed: "It’s a curious confection: part surprising study of cultural contrasts, part affectionate portrait of the world of the drag queen, and part exploration of some knotty ideas about homeland and identity.
Katoomba arrived at 17:48 and deployed a grapnel to drag the bottom for I-124.
Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.
The Vikings could drag their ships across the strip of land and then sail through to Roskilde, avoiding the dangerous waters north of Zealand.
[I don't want to drag them in my world] which is totally different to theirs."
It was not able to replicate the 'pitch lock stuck' malfunction, nor adequately explain why the crew subsequently failed to effect the standard feathering procedure to properly shut down and reduce the thrust and drag on the left side.
windmilling propeller with high asymmetric drag and minimum control implications, which was encountered in this accident, was insufficiently covered, according to the NTSB.
In 2007, he founded the record label Language of Stone, an imprint of Drag City, along with his wife Jessica Weeks.
Drag On - 4:33
Studying the Sputnik 1 allowed scientists to calculate the drag from the upper atmosphere by measuring position and speed of the satellite.
The digital festival included a Miss Capital Pride pageant; the winner, Icesis Couture, went on to win the second season of Canada's Drag Race in 2021.
Drag City (record label) EPs
Pennsylvania has also seen success in the sport of drag racing in the form of five time NHRA Top Fuel champion Joe Amato
Harambe exhibited "strutting" behavior—walking around with legs and arms stiffly extended to appear bigger—a bluffing move, though one with inherent danger should he throw or drag the boy around too roughly.
Wave-making resistance is a form of drag that affects surface watercraft, such as boats and ships, and reflects the energy required to push the water out of the way of the hull.
If the resulting wave is large, it carries much energy away from the ship, delivering it to the shore or wherever else the wave ends up or just dissipating it in the water, and that energy must be supplied by the ship's propulsion (or momentum), so that the ship experiences it as drag.
Reducing the displacement of the craft, by eliminating excess weight, is the most straightforward way to reduce the wave making drag.
The total amount of water to be displaced by a moving hull, and thus causing wave making drag, is the cross sectional area of the hull times distance the hull travels, and will not remain the same when prismatic coefficient is increased for the same lwl and same displacement and same speed.
Since semi-displacement and planing hulls generate a significant amount of lift in operation, they are capable of breaking the barrier of the wave propagation speed and operating in realms of much lower drag, but to do this they must be capable of first pushing past that speed, which requires significant power.
Wind tunnel testing was used to create a completely smooth fiberglass exterior top and bottom, resulting in a drag coefficient of less than .30 for early TD models.
The idea of AgentSheets was to overcome syntactic challenges found in common text-based programming languages by using drag and drop mechanisms conceptualizing commands such as conditions and actions as editable blocks that could be composed into programs.
Drag and drop interfaces can be used to compose syntactically correct programs.
Similar drag and drop programming can later be found in the Etoys language (part of Squeak), in Alice and in Scratch.
The original Drag City-release featured the second single "Cold Blooded Old Times" as a b-side.
Drag City (record label) singles
Typically, clean boot hunts are run along similar lines to fox or drag hunts, with a field of mounted riders following a pack of bloodhounds which trails the scent of runner.
The clip point lends itself to a quicker "stabbing" advantage with less drag during insertion and faster withdrawal.
 Sahara Davenport (1984–2012), a past contestant of Rupaul's Drag Race
Chris and John meet a gay who has always aspired to be a drag queen.
There were a number of occasions where they would dress in female drag.
For this he first wore drag, and began to develop the character of Old Mother Riley.
In both directions pinions on the shaft engaged with racks on the case to rotate the shaft to either push the blade forward against the stone or drag it against the strop.
They provided Ultra high frequency link between the Soviet nuclear triad and the command centers and were equipped with drag antennae array, which could extend to a total length of 6 kilometers.
The strong portions would then show to better advantage and eliminate the drag of unnecessary plotting."
Fixed drag curve models generated for standard-shaped projectiles or BC modelling are the most common method used but not an advanced nor desirable method to model the long range flight behavior of projectiles.
The main parameter for achieving stable transonic transition is controlling the drag coefficients (Cd) and forward velocity loss around Mach 1 and to a lesser degree controlling the spin deceleration.
The .375 Viking bullet had an overall length of 70 mm (2.756 in) and derived its anticipated low drag from a radical LD Haack or Sears-Haack profile in the bullet's nose area.
Drag Me to Hell (Professor Clay Dalton (Justin Long))
Early settlers used rollers and skids to drag schooners across.
He then overdubbed additional instrumental parts, samples from drag racing competitions and tape noises.
Kilmer-Purcell's first memoir is a tragicomic account of his early days in New York City, living as an advertising art director by day and a drag queen named "Aquadisiac" (or "Aqua") by night.
A bicycle fairing also called recumbent fairing is a full or partial covering for a bicycle to reduce aerodynamic drag or to protect the rider from the elements.
The heavily streamlined twin-tailed body (forming the fairings for each pair of tandem rear wheels) achieved a drag coefficient of 0.18, an astonishingly low figure for any vehicle.
Stephen and Danny, fearful that the tape will lead to police action and a deadly shootout, neutralize the militia with the help of the newly gay-acting Patrizzi soldiers and some random drag queens that were brought to the party for a vaguely defined purpose.
I drag my body down through the decimated main lobby [of the North Tower], through a waterfall from the Mall ceiling, and wade the darkened Mall corridor through 75 yards [69 m] of ankle-deep water to Tower Two."
Drag Show Gone Wrong (imperfect mix by Stochastic Theory) on Silver Echo Records Presents, Vol 1 (2006)
The pointer is the place where actions take place that are initiated through direct manipulation gestures such as click, touch and drag.
Usually the pointer shape changes when placed on the handle, showing an icon that represents the supported drag operation.
Cycle World's 1969 test quoted 119.14 mph and 13.20 seconds, with bike-retailer Reads of London at 109 and 13.5, whereas Dutch motorcycle drag racer Henk Vink, importer of Kawasakis into the Netherlands, was quoted as achieving 13.48.
Earlier ballistic missiles, developed by both the United States and the Soviet Union, featured long nose cones with very narrow tips, which had relatively low drag when entering the atmosphere at high speeds.
Tom wants to drag in Amsterdam for questioning simply to humiliate him in public but Frank talks him out of it.
As the craft increases its speed the hydrofoils lift the hull up and out of the water, greatly reducing wetted area, resulting in decreased drag and increased speed.
 Another Year on the Streets (2000) (features "Sell My Old Clothes, I'm Off to Heaven", "A Drag in D Flat")
The show, which features Baldrick's Charlie Chaplin impression (featuring a dead slug called Graham as Baldrick's "moustache"), which Melchett thinks is a slug-balancing act, and Lieutenant George's drag act, "Gorgeous Georgina", is a success on its first night, but unfortunately Melchett falls in love with "Georgina", takes her to the Regimental Ball, and proposes to her.
Illegal underbone drag racing has become popular in countries such as the Philippines and Malaysia, and poses safety issues for the commuting public as well as the riders themselves, as underbones offer little protection in the event of crashes.
Upon going to investigate, Harriet is attacked by Fran and Miriam, who drag her into the wine cellar and slit her throat.
"I have seen Sweyn drag all of Denmark away from you, sir.
Alfa Romeo contacted Giuseppe "Nuccio" Bertone of the Bertone design house and commissioned three concept vehicles to research the effects of drag on a vehicle.
The car had a drag coefficient of 0.23.
A special attraction are the 1/8 mile drag races, where customizers and motorcycle brands send their best bikes and bikers to the race (e.g.
Its drag force can damage the plant (leaf abrasion, wind ruptures in branches and stems and windthrows and toppling in trees and lodging in crops).
1963: Engleman is suspected in the murder of Eric Frey, a business associate of Engleman at Pacific Drag Strip, in which Frey and Engleman were partners.
Coker Tire also has a Performance Division, which sells mostly drag racing tires.
Dover recorded vocals on the Slash's Snakepit album It's Five O'Clock Somewhere before rejoining Manning in the renamed Imperial Drag.
Blood trails and drag marks indicated that the VC may have suffered more casualties, but the extent of those losses was never verified.
As with most mechanical components, the blade is a compromise in trying to achieve as large a blade area as possible within the practical constraints: Widening the blade chord will increase the blade drag while lengthening the blade will increase tip speed (and noise) plus it may make the fandisc impractically large.
He does the same to several others, going so far as to kidnap a drug dealer from a park and drag his body back to his loft.
American singer Michelle Visage performed a parody version of the song, entitled "Poor Unfortunate Queens", during RuPaul's Drag Race Battle of the Seasons Tour.
Some functions include: omni-tasking (split-screen feature that lets users browse two sites in the same tab, with an adjustable divider), quick search (users can simply drag a word and the browser will directly provide corresponding search results through Naver's search engine), and smart pop-up (the browser automatically prevents popups from cluttering the screen).
The rezoning bill for Westport's main drag on Annapolis Road went into effect on May 11, 2011, together with the Annapolis Road Urban Renewal Plan (URP), with hopes to add businesses in its existing neighborhood as the waterfront develops.
Gasoline or kerosene powered drag saws were popular between the 1910s-1940s when chain saws became preferable.
Made drag saws of similar design to Wolf between 1909-1948.
Also made steam-powered drag saws.
While Wells in Russia in the Shadows, as always, rejects Marxism on principle (Das Kapital impresses him as "a monument of pretentious pedantry"), he argues that "we should understand and respect the professions and principles of the Bolsheviki" in order to make a "helpful intervention" in Russia, lest its social collapse drag down Western civilization with it.
High speeds also results in more drag.
In the television series Jeeves and Wooster, Daphne Dolores Morehead does not appear but is impersonated by Jeeves in drag.
Phase lag may vary depending on rotor tilt rate, ratio of aerodynamic damping to blade inertial forces (Lock number), offset of flapping hinge from axis of rotation (e/R ratio), and coupling of blade flap, drag, and feather motions, and often results in cross-coupling between the aircraft control axes; advance angle is fixed and cannot vary.
One part of the drag was geared to the motor, and the other was constrained by a fairly stiff spring.
Faced with a libel case which under British law could drag on for years and cost millions of pounds on 10 December 2009, the BBC removed the original story entitled "Dirty Tricks and Toxic Waste in the Ivory Coast", along with accompanying video, from its website.
In 1941 Bellanca designed the first "blended wing body" concept, which resembles the modern B-2 bomber but with a twin tail boom for stability and two pusher propellers and had low drag laminar flow air flow over the wing.
For example, many aquatic microorganisms have increased surface area to increase their drag in the water.
Also, according to the brother of one of those lost, the crew rejected a self-righting boat as it would have been too heavy to drag across the shingle and launch.
The game, played under rugby rules, was a battle from beginning to enda regular knock down and drag out fight.
Münter spent three years as a special correspondent for NASCAR.com and was one of three "Hostess Race Divas" to appear on boxes of Hostess Twinkies and Cupcakes alongside IndyCar's Danica Patrick and drag racing's Melanie Troxel.
The police, who had in turn followed Rocco, drag him away from Luca’s bloodied corpse.
But there IS work involved, and it can be painful -- and the next time someone tells me I have the best job in the world, I'm going to grab them by the ear, fourth-grade-teacher-in-1966-style, and drag them to see Deck the Halls."
Another effort will be made with more extensive apparatus by which it is hoped to drag it from the pit in which it now lies and placing it higher up on the beach so that a careful and thorough examination in the interest of science can be made and the exact species determined.
The most popular drag queen in Romania: Toxice
Courtney Act (born 1982), Australian drag queen
Wilson's The Madness of Lady Bright (May 1964), about a lonely, aging drag queen, was the Cino's breakthrough hit.
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote that John "recreates his classic Kiki Dee duet with the world's favorite drag queen.
Vocalizations occur frequently during this piece, first with certain players "moaning in pain" as they drag heavy loads, then with the chants of "Gloria in Excelsis Deo" during the Earthquake, and finally with singing.
2007 saw the first Sir Richard release from the Drag City label, Polytheistic Fragments.
The escort, who identified herself as "Leanne," stated that at one party she had attended in April 2011 in Oak Beach she had seen Burke drag a woman of Asian appearance by the hair to the ground.
At times he dressed in drag and performed as a female impersonator under the name Simone, first in civilian life and then while stationed in West Germany where he performed at shows sponsored by the Army.
Watkins' experience as a drag artist and frank admissions of sexual encounters with other male servicemembers created a "public relations problem" in the words of Tom Stoddard, head of Lambda Legal.
Over the weekend, there are also two drag events on a local stretch of closed-off highway.
Glidden retired as the driver with the most wins in National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) history at that time — a feat recently topped by 16-time Funny Car champion John Force — and he was the third-most successful drag racer of the professional class drivers — sixth when counting sportsman national event winners — at the time of his death.
Members of the family have made numerous appearances on the Car Craft Magazine All-Star Drag Racing Team.
Lee Alan Shepherd (August 30, 1944 – March 11, 1985) was an American drag racing driver from Arlington, Texas.
2018: Drag Heals (director, producer)
It is often considered to be "camp" or "kitsch" and has frequently been performed by drag queens.
Zoho Sites is an online, drag and drop website builder.
In particular, the story of Paul, the homosexual Puerto Rican dancer whose early career consisted of working in a drag show, was based primarily on Dante.
His most successful MGP entry so far was the drag duo Queentastic's "Absolutely Fabulous", which finished third in MGP 2006.
The process design environment enables drag and drop of process services to create process workflows and also provides the ability for developers to save them as single WSDL-based components for others developers to use.
July 2018 - the school featured in news headlines nationally after banning a 14-year-old male pupil from appearing in drag at the school talent show.
(a song played live for when a band member has to make an instrument repair) a rendition of Gloria Estefan's "Conga" (Rob and Josh each drag out a drum head and do some percussion themselves during the song), and Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up," in a live attempt at rickrolling.
When the multi-million dollar pump station burned, Cook proposed a solution of injecting a drag reducing agent to speed the flow, a success when implemented and resulting in the savings several hundreds of millions of dollars.
Ghosts later drag Yuka away.
There, in 1893, she was cast in a German production of The Mikado to play the tenor hero, Nanki-Poo, in drag, and Sullivan unsuccessfully tried to stop the performances.
"If the firestarting demon is the Big Bad for the first two seasons, that's fine", he commented, "but don't drag it out longer than that.
In 1976 the main straight was widened and a staging area added to allow drag racing to take place.
^ Hamish Blake and Merrick Watts were in drag for this scene.
With the reduced aerodynamic drag at high altitude and the engine still producing rated power, a supercharged airplane can fly much faster at altitude than a naturally aspirated one.
To reach the depths of truth, we must drag the waters."
), thus decreasing the number of components in the compressor, while at the same time decreasing drag and increasing efficiency of air compression in the engine.
Other categories include hill climbs, drag racing and land speed record trials.
Drag racing is more of a contest, often between a couple of racers.
Jim McLennan, 1950: NHRA Hall of Fame inductee, drag racing pioneer
Barbette performed trapeze and wire stunts in full drag, maintaining the illusion of femininity until the end of his act, when he would pull off his wig and strike exaggerated masculine poses.
with the help of Drag City in the US.
The critical consensus reads: "A mean-spirited joke without a punchline, Mr. Wrong is so painfully unfunny that Ellen DeGeneres and Bill Pullman's lack of chemistry feels like a total drag despite being the point."
According to Flight International, the adoption of a retractable undercarriage was a relatively unusual feature for an aircraft of this type; GAF designers selected this arrangement as to avoid excessive aerodynamic drag while enabling the use of large, widely spaced low-pressure tyres, these being key to allowing for rough field operations.
The team was forced to drag their boats and provisions over the ice towards the Siberian coastline.
The song is about the double life of a drag queen, the titular 'Joe' (by day) and 'Cleo' (by night).
Kind of a Drag - Dander goes gliding on Goosers' leash.
1940 – The first drag lift is opened in Åre, located near the Olympia area and Lundsgården.
For example, during the 2017-18 IHRA season, Texan Frankie "Mad Man" Taylor drove a second Bray Racing car when the drag strips closed for the winter.
He is widely regarded as a key figure in the creation of the Wild Bunch and subsequent Top Doorslammer category in Australian drag racing.
In a 1975 interview, she recalled, "I wore drag because I thought that was a way to show I was gay.
If the tank became stuck, the beam was attached to the tracks (often under fire) and then the tracks would drag it beneath the vehicle, providing grip.
She toured drag supper clubs in the 1970s and moved her show to nightclubs in the 1980s, performing her revues Jesus Chrysis Superstar and The Last Temptation of Chrysis.
The introduction of boylesque elements can be seen as an essential difference between neo-burlesque and the former burlesque with exclusively female bodies, which sometimes contained drag queen roles.
In such media, when frequency of the sound wave is high enough, the effect of viscous drag force between the solid and the fluid can be ignored.
By contrast, military turbofans often feature fairly high specific thrust (45-110 lbf/(lb/s)), which keeps the cross-sectional area of the engine low to more easily accommodate a narrow fuselage, which minimizes drag.
Hansel and Gretel (d. Paul Bogart) – not really a film, but an American made-for-TV live musical version of the story, starring Barbara Cook and Red Buttons, more than slightly overage, as the two children, Hans Conried in drag as the Witch, and Rise Stevens and Rudy Vallee as the parents.
There is a significant difference between drag queens, or those who otherwise dress for performances, and transgender persons.
For other transgender men or cross-dressing women, packing is done on an as-needed basis either for personal comfort or for drag performances.
It is a two song 7" released in 1994 on Drag City.
Jim finally gets the bank deal set up and attempts to go legitimate but the constant violence of the Vancouver underworld and his affair with Lorna continually drag him further away from his ultimate goal of settling down and raising a family.
After failing to get the saddlebag, he turns to see drag marks and a third, more recent corpse, Professor Tagert.
The additional "hump" located between the two outside tail pegs increases the tail's surface area, consequently elevating the rider's legs further out of the water and as a result, this reduces drag on the wave face.
In such occasions, like working with drag queens and primitive tribes, she will use color.
The car uses a 4-wheeled catamaran configuration, designed to have minimal frontal area to reduce drag.
Wind speed increases with height and is lower towards the ground due to frictional drag.
The improved aerodynamics give the car greater downforce, yet less drag, than the Enzo, which makes the car more stable than the Enzo at high speeds.
The best helix angle is when the blade is acting as a wing producing much more lift than drag.
When the airflow over the tip of the blade reaches its critical speed, drag and torque resistance increase rapidly and shock waves form creating a sharp increase in noise.
On a multi-engine aircraft, feathering the propeller on an inoperative engine reduces drag, and helps the aircraft maintain speed and altitude with the operative engines.
He is the co-owner of Main Drag Music located in Williamsburg.
P92-S Echo Redesigned wings, engine cowling, windshield and fairing to reduce drag.
There are thousands of jQuery plug-ins available on the Web that cover a range of functions, such as Ajax helpers, Web services, datagrids, dynamic lists, XML and XSLT tools, drag and drop, events, cookie handling, and modal windows.
He was inspired to become a cinematographer after stumbling onto the set of Is Paris Burning?, where he was spontaneously recruited by the crew to drag cables for camera and lighting equipment.
A video for the single, showing Branigan surrounded by a bevy of drag queens (Miss Understood, Hedda Lettuce and Vivacious), was her last, and the release was the end of her association with the label, as she left the music industry to care for her husband, who had been diagnosed with cancer.
Personal preferences for toolbar buttons and menus can be arranged with drag and drop, while access to .ini files allows one to create, define, or redefine buttons, menus tools and functions.
Clone tab — right-click, drag down then up
According to Sissela Bok, "lies drag around an initial negative weight that must be factored into ethical equations".
Bradford enters, followed by two Puritans who drag Marigold between them.
The aerodynamic drag is an important part of the total resistance.
Later elephants were used to drag the corpses of the mutineers out of the Sikandar Bagh, where they were slightly covered over in a ditch which they themselves had recently dug outside the north wall in order to strengthen the defences.
A user could visually drag fields from multiple databases into the Data Retrieval tool (which would generate its own SQL code based on the fields, links and criteria displayed) and send the output directly into a spreadsheet for sorting, calculations, and graphs.
TWR developed the famous Walkinshaw bodykit that was stated to reduce drag by more than 25% over the previous Holden Dealer Team SS Group A.
This technique is often used by drag queens to create the illusion of a feminine figure, often taking it to the extreme for comedic value.
The drag induced by the failed engines' unfeathered propellers and the weight increase suffered by the heavily iced airframe caused a loss of height and control before reaching the diversion airfield.
Included in the kit were additional street rod, drag racing, and land speed racing styling ideas, all suggested by Barris.
The students used these observations to calculate air drag, solar activity, and other orbit related properties of the satellite.
Bassem Feghali () is a Lebanese comedian, singer and drag queen.
Whereas the most powerful 360 cc version had offered  at 6000 rpm, the new T5A only provided  at 5000 rpm and had an additional 55–80 kg to drag around.
Beat has appeared in a number of independent feature films both in and out of drag, including Wigstock: The Movie, Flawless, and Adam & Steve (for which he also wrote and performed the song "Dance Off").
Cayne then moved to New York in the early 1990s, making a name for herself as a choreographer and drag performer.
In 1997 Cayne was in a documentary called Drag Time on HBO along with many other famous New York nightlife performers.
In the 1959 film Some Like It Hot, "La cumparsita" is played by a blindfolded Cuban band during a scene in which Jack Lemmon dressed in drag dances with overstated flair in the arms of Joe E. Brown who thinks Lemmon is a woman ("Daphne – you're leading again").
Wigstock: The Movie is a 1995 documentary film focusing on Wigstock, the annual drag music festival that had been held New York City's East Village through the 1980s and 1990s.
 Lady Bunny - "Mother Nature Must Be a Drag Queen"
The circuit not only hosted road racing but also drag racing while the infield formed part of the Rallycross track.
There are also Legal Off Street Drag Racing every Friday night unless weather is unsuitable for racing.
The brand also made its way into NHRA Drag Racing by sponsoring Warren Johnson, whose multiple Pro Stock championships put the brand at the forefront to a new demographic of customers.
Drag Pack was Ford Motor Company's marketing name for an option package available in the United States for some of its car models that included a remote mounted oil cooler and higher ratio rear axle gear (plus engine components on some models).
At the start of the 1970 model year, Ford began installing the Drag Pack on approximately 10% of Boss 302 Mustangs.
The engine oil cooler, a known Drag Pack option for the 428 Cobra Jet, was frequently found on Boss 302 Mustangs although listed as not available for the Boss 302 in Ford literature.
She made her last film appearance, as a drag king, in the Australian film The Adventures of Barry McKenzie (1972).
He also directed the 1983 drag racing biopic Heart Like a Wheel and the 1987 science fiction-thriller Project X.
An 8-year-old boy was killed and eight other people injured when a stock car, driven by NASCAR champion Richard Petty, flew off a drag strip and into a crowd of spectators.
Nintendo Power's spotlight on the game concluded with the remarks that players should not "expect to get a smaller version of the N64 game"—and that though the mini games were 'a blast', the main game is sort of a drag."
Beach cleaning machines work by collecting sand by way of a scoop or drag mechanism and then raking or sifting anything large enough to be considered foreign matter, including sticks, stones, litter and other items.
In 2016, ProQuest launched New RefWorks, featuring new functionality such as the ability to drag and drop PDFs, and a Save to RefWorks utility as a replacement for RefGrab-It.
The wooden wings were wire-braced, with two-thirds of the upper surfaces used as low drag surface radiators.
 Heart Like a Wheel (1983) – biographical film based on the life of drag racing driver Shirley Muldowney
This broader torque curve makes itself known at the drag strip, as these special edition Mustangs could cover the 1/4 mile in 2-3 tenths of a second quicker and about  faster than regular GT.
Murawski has largely worked as a film editor, primarily for director/producer Sam Raimi, on films including Army of Darkness, The Gift, Drag Me to Hell and the Spider-Man series of films.
Like an early 1970s Citation 500, aerodynamic drag limits it to VMO in a  descents, for which it is held at max continuous thrust, unlike most current jets.
 Drag forces acting on a spinning propeller
In singleplayer, the player can participate in a Single Race, a Cup, or a Drag Race.
Rubenstein acknowledged that the drag strip is a unique feature in what he nonetheless maintained is an overall generic game.
Recorded 2002 at Drag Racist studios by John Reis, Gar Wood and Ben Moore
The kylie, for example, Australian hunting boomerang in use into modern times, uses the bent shape and a symmetric airfoil cross-section to provide stability and low drag for long, accurate throws.
2005-06: "Words Can't Describe" Series - A collaboration with S. Bear Bergman, drag kings, and community workshops in Atlanta, Georgia; San Antonio, Texas; Seattle, Washington.
], Chicago: Drag City Incorporated, 2018
It consists of three or four heavy rollers of wood, iron, or stone, roughly made and joined in a square frame, which is in the form of a sledge or drag.
The Sunshark solar car is based on a tear drop design to reduce energy loss to wind drag.
Other types of auto racing (Stock car racing, Drag racing, etc.)
screened at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco, California in an event hosted by drag queen Peaches Christ.
But whenever he was threatened, the spirit of his ancestor would animate the statue, and drag its creator off on an adventure.
Adrenalina sees the light on June 15, 2007 and debuts at number two in Italy, drag by the homonymous single.
Ferguson and Church (2006) analytically combined the expressions for Stokes flow and a turbulent drag law into a single equation that works for all sizes of sediment, and successfully tested it against the data of Dietrich.
After 1995's live album Drag Down the Moon, the band went on hiatus.
There was one V8 engined Darrin raced at Tory Pines in November 1954 and a wrecked Darrin rebuilt into a drag racer by Lee and Gary Abrams of Tuscon, Arizona in the early 1960s.
HSR-II (1989) — The second generation had a heavy emphasis on active aerodynamics, with a series of movable fins and spoilers offering a drag factor which varied from 0.20 to 0.40 depending on setup.
Its purpose is to reduce wave drag while travelling at transonic speeds (Mach 0.8–1.0), which includes the typical cruising range of conventional jet airliners.
Whitcomb stated that the anti-shock body was no longer required on the top surface of a wing when the supercritical airfoil was introduced because they both decreased the strength of, or eliminated, the shock and its attendant drag.
Saskatchewan International Raceway is a drag racing venue located along the LRT,  south of Saskatoon.
Such policies were a drag on overall stability and cohesion, and caused the loss of hard-won combat knowledge in-country.
Match plate patterns are patterns with the top and bottom parts of the pattern, also known as the cope and drag portions, mounted on opposite sides of a board.
When the parting lines between the cope and drag are irregular, a follow board can be used to support irregularly shaped, loose patterns.
The Smoker is an infected with a long tongue, which can be used to ensnare and drag a survivor back to himself.
In 1988, Ed Rannberg, who founded Eyeball Engineering, tested his electric drag motorcycle in Bonneville.
Later, Killacycle using A123 Systems Li-ion nano-phosphate cells set a new quarter mile record of 7.824 seconds breaking the 8 seconds barrier at  in Phoenix, Arizona at the All Harley Drag Racing Association (AHDRA) 2007, on 10 November 2007.
A Peel-type fairing incorporating handlebar blisters and seat tailpiece were developed in the MIRA wind tunnel and the drag coefficient was reduced to 0.39.
Drag Racer (1971) as Ron
Believing that gender nonconforming individuals, the STAR contingent, and drag queens in particular were intentionally being asked to stay at the back of the march and off the stage,  Rivera and fellow queen Lee Brewster stormed the stage during feminist activist Jean O'Leary of Lesbian Feminist Liberation's speech.
Jean O'Leary then resumed speaking and criticized drag as misogynist and demeaning.
More than one of the beautiful stained glass windows was designed by Tiffany Studios, and the padded pew boxes hearken to days of old on Long Island when the well-to-do would arrive at church in park drag coaches to take their place in the front pew boxes.
In August 2007, Jon and a team of motorsport enthusiasts appeared on ITV'ss Pulling Power in a piece on drag racing.
Recorded at Drag Racist studios in San Diego Summer 2002 by John Reis, Dave Gardner and Ben Moore
Usually two teams of eight compete, trying to drag the other team over a line by pulling on the rope.
Veda Beaux Reves, originally Veda Bon Reve, also known as Enda McGrattan, but better known simply as Veda, is a drag queen and singer from Dublin, Ireland.
Veda currently hosts a weekly drag show called Witchy Wednesday  every Wednesday night at Dublin's best known gay bar, The George.
Veda is joined weekly by a number of established drag queens including Pixie Woo and Regina George.
Curly dressing in drag, a gag that would be revisited in several later Stooge shorts, such as Uncivil Warriors, Movie Maniacs, Whoops, I'm an Indian!, Wee Wee Monsieur, Mutts to You, Oily to Bed, Oily to Rise, Nutty But Nice, Matri-Phony, Micro-Phonies, Uncivil War Birds and Rhythm and Weep.
In a 2008 interview in Attitude, Tovey expressed his desire to play darker roles: "really dark, fucked-up characters... like drag queens, rent boys, someone who has been abused, a rapist", though noting that he does not consider himself "fucked-up".
 The rotor does not possess a hub and is ideal, with an infinite number of blades, which have no drag.
The Source Foundation was set up at www.yahowha.org and released lost family music through Drag City Records, Fathers Morning Meditation Tapes through Global Recording Artist, a comic book, and The Source Family in 2012, co-directed by Jodi Wille and Maria Demopoulous.
In the first round, each teams has to drag an 850-pound sled with a bale of hay from one side of a dirt field to another.
The four winning teams from the first round are then split up into two teams of two, and have to drag a 350-pound sled to the finish line.
To make it a perfect day for Nissan his teammate Win Percy finished second in a drag race over the line with Paul Radisich, who took the returning Ford team's first podium.
Examination of the right main landing gear revealed the drag brace was fractured.
Afterward, Corie and Victor return to their building in high spirits as Paul and Ethel drag themselves along in fatigue.
The elaborate pre-show stage productions, guest stars, and drag spectacles continue to draw sell-out crowds.
He was shot three times by an unidentified gunman, (one shot leaving a large hole in his back), but managed to drag himself back to Wallsend High Street, where he was found by fellow bouncer, Terry Scott.
The action of this apparent flow on each foil section generates both a lift and drag force, the sum of which is shown in the figure above titled "Net force vectors".
 Toney Brealond as Drag Queen
One favorite tactic was to arrest drag queens, since impersonating a member of the opposite sex was, at the time, a crime.
The DS-Xtreme hardware supports generic USB mass-storage specifications, functioning as a drag and drop USB drive with no additional drivers needed.
Accumulation: None (released under the alias (Smog) on November 5, 2002, by Drag City / Domino)
The 2-door C-Airdream features an aerodynamic design with an all-glass roof and has a drag coefficient of 0.28.
Not only does it create less drag, but it is a smaller target for infantry units to hit the helicopter.
Said Morris, "Jennie Livingston spent years observing competing enclaves of drag queens.
In 2021, Lehmo accused RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under contestant Anita Wigl'it of stealing one of his jokes about Prince Andrew during her appearance as Elizabeth II in the show's Snatch Game challenge.
She said she saw one of the policemen suddenly run towards a woman and drag her down to the ground.
Sonoma Raceway is a multi-purpose facility outside Sonoma, featuring a road course and a drag strip.
The Auto Club Raceway at Pomona has hosted NHRA drag racing for over 50 years.
The Tasmanian Devil was the name of a drag racing car in the 1960s, named after the Tasmanian Devil cartoon character.
Drag racing was in its early days and the cars and popular racing teams were always known by nicknames.
The Pacers from Pacers Automotive out of Oceanside, NY aka " The Snizek & Dodge Racing Team" were a popular and record-setting team on the early drag racing scene in the 1950s and 1960s.
Bushnell used her office to push Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi to institute democratic reforms and to root out corruption in his government, a major drag on Kenya's economy.
Belarusian schools use administrative resource to drag the pupils into the state-controlled BRSM youth union.
The Viaduct Showbar holds drag cabaret, live shows and DJs.
The trajectory further depends on the convection air currents and the drag of the silk and parachute to float and travel high up into the upper atmosphere.
Trailing water cannon and foam – drag on it installed a high water cannon or foam.
A lifelong resident of Earl's Court Square, Jennifer Ware, recollected as a child being taken there to Sunday lunch in the 1930s; at that time, drag entertainers performed after lunch had finished.
The car was meant to be the first of a series of cars optimized for straight-line runs on the drag strip and the Bonneville salt flats.
It is possible for this blade to exceed the speed of sound, and thus produce vastly increased drag and vibration.
Also, the new front suspension scheme reduces turbulence and drag formerly caused by the spring and damper units.
The first-ever Ladyfest took place in Olympia a month later; Carns organized and emceed the punk cabaret-style Dude-Looks-Like-A-Lady drag show.
The sentence she intended to say was later released as follows; "Learning on a campus in which some people defend perpetrators of sexual assault and silence their victims — we didn’t let that drag us down."
They described how they saw TO troops drag a father and a daughter out of a house, shoot the man in the mouth in front of the girl and threaten to kill her as well.
Furling works by decreasing the angle of attack, which reduces drag and blade cross-section.
Wind velocities increase at higher altitudes due to surface aerodynamic drag (by land or water surfaces) and air viscosity.
The rotor hub can have 10-20 times the drag of the blade.
This led to the birth of a strategy called "point-farming", an unpopular practice where the player in first place would drag the game out as long as possible to keep farming points out of the other players who were jockeying for place amongst each other.
Photo of Aldred performing the Cossack Drag
Unlike the Jaguar XJR-14, the C291 resembled previous sports-prototypes, despite the fact that the redesign of the Le Mans Circuit de la Sarthe in 1990 meant cars with their low drag design, top-end power, straight-line acceleration and top-speed characteristics were no longer required.
Brains predicts that if the rest of the top-soil crust over the pit is removed, the Recovery Vehicles will be able to drag the Sidewinder out of the pit.
The Goblins are nocturnal and were rarely seen during the day - but at night, the citizens of Metouro cowered behind locked doors, fearing that "one of these bouncing, big headed creatures" drag them towards a "nameless doom".
"Le da drag tibétain" in Bulletin of the School of Oriental Studies VII, janv.
Rocket cars differ from jet-powered cars in that they carry both fuel and oxidizer on board, eliminating the need for an air inlet and compressor which add weight and increase drag.
Ultimately this rivalry culminates in a drag race between the two.
The service was brought to an end due to a dispute between Hancock and the operators, and Hancock himself built and operated further steam buses between 1833 and 1840, with names like Era I, Era II, Autopsy and German drag.
in 1858 Hitchcock still described the tracks as those of "a thick-toed bird," since there was no evidence of tail drag marks.
This can be the beginning of romance for the player character if she is the one to drag him home.
Davis performed in drag and began a band with Alice Bags where its members dressed up as teenage Latinas.
After stuffing him into the boot of his own car, Git and Bunny drag Grogan back to the Mercedes, and interrogate him.
Costin's focus on aerodynamic efficiency meant that even items like the external mirrors were subject to rigorous scrutiny; the car's drag coefficient () is 0.29.
As a consequence of the specified speed requirements of the programme, a lot of effort was spent in reducing parasitic drag.
Dallas Bay Skypark began as the Optimist Club Drag Strip back in the late 50s, and survived until the early 60s.
With this in mind, AeroVironment produced a design that proved to be very lightweight (only ) and created a very low drag coefficient (cd: 0.125).
There, he started a career as an artist, dressed in drag and singing tunes by his favourite singer, Eartha Kitt.
 Three Drag Queens from Daytona (1973; La MaMa; written by Eyen, directed by Neil Flanagan)
 a double-hole blowing/suction system in the wings to minimise drag.
The size of the drag adjusting wheel was also out of proportion for the smaller size since the same diameter was used for both sizes, for economic reasons.
Their brakes did not lock and drag like horse-drawn transport (a phenomenon that increased damage to roads).
British Folk-Rock group The Tansads included a version on their 1995 live album Drag Down The Moon.
2.2 - Monster Truck Drag Racing With Dickie Donald
A series dedicated to the turbocharged world of import tuner cars including sport compact drag racing and drifting.
She hammers on Déroulède's door as the crowd shout and lash out at her, but just before they can drag her away, the door opens and she is pulled inside.
In January 2007, Kinsella toured Japan with Make Believe; in March and April 2007, he went on a US tour with Rocky Votolato and Drag the River.
Los Angeles County Raceway (LACR) was an NHRA-sanctioned quarter-mile drag strip located near East Avenue T and 70th Street east in Palmdale, California.
Air resistance drag can be modified by the projectile shape: a tall and wide, but short projectile will face greater air resistance than a low and narrow, but long, projectile of the same volume.
The WayOut Club has been a breeding ground for transgender and drag talent.
The Hobie 33, with her huge sail plan and bulbed keel maintain the general performance advantage over the Olson; however, that does not keep the rivalry from raging, and, even as recently as January, 2018, an Olson beat a Hobie in a drag race from Lauderdale to Key West.
Fetching a bucket of water in an attempt to extinguish the fire, he was joined by the engine crew of the train and while they fetched more water, Tunna removed the wagonsheet hoping that this would also drag the incendiaries off the wagon.
Nunsense A-Men, the original show with all the characters portrayed by men in drag, was staged in Brazil as Novicas Rebeldes before transferring to New York City in 1998.
Here, the natives built a skidway over which they could drag canoes between the two harbours.
The Sears–Haack body is the shape with the lowest theoretical wave drag in supersonic flow, for a given body length and given volume.
Headmistress / Captain Ahab: The Headmistress is a stern and uptight ruler over the academy, played in drag with fearless confidence.
However, those are for vehicles specifically built for drag racing, which rarely are street-legal, or unmodified from stock.
He also said: "Now I want to tell you that they can drag me from the palace.
These shows are often drag queen/king performances, and some of them may have adult content.
Rainey claws his way to the lead, but on the uphill drag, the 160 bhp Suzuki seems more than a match for the Yamaha as Schwantz passes Rainey again.
These microsatellites, developed by the Naval Research Laboratory, will measure drag through the use of precision orbit determination.
One example is Furir Torsten Stålnacke who served with the United Nations in the Congo Crisis where he during a firefight got his lower jaw blown away by a bullet, but still managed to drag and carry two of his shocked comrades as well as his Carl Gustav recoilless rifle into safety.
 Drag & drop file to Outlook in the Dock opens new email with attachment
: A Horror whose eyes are located on the skull-shaped side of her head, Profundes is particularly detested by the Makai warriors, as her feeding methods require subjecting many victims at the same time to sheer terror and then drag them into the Demon World.
Drag Coefficient: 0.32
Lurcher and the boy, under various disguises, fool and rob the Justice, and then waylay and drug him; when the Justice wakes, he is confronted with "furies" and "hellhounds" ready to drag him to Hell for his sins.
To transfer file to the thump, the user plugs it into your Windows or Mac OS computer with the included USB 2.0 cord, then drag over AAC, MP3, WMA, or WAV tracks.
They drag her away to burn her at the stake.
IGN complained that instead of being able to find item combinations through trial and error in the main screen, the player is forced to drag items to a separate screen, leading to tedious gameplay.
He often appeared on talk shows and in TV commercials, doing his "Mrs. Murgatroyd" drag routine.
For two-dimensional inviscid flow, the classical Kutta Joukowski theorem predicts a zero drag.
Lifting line theory for wings, wing-tip vortices and induced drag A wing has a finite span, and the circulation at any section of the wing varies with the spanwise direction.
Induced drag effectively reduces the slope of the lift curve of a 2-D airfoil and increases the angle of attack of  (while also decreasing the value of ).
He played Police Chief Harris in a 1964 episode of The Munsters ("A Walk on the Mild Side"), dressing in drag to capture a purse snatcher in the local park.
A cast of drag queens, store owners, doctors, dog walkers, psychics, cab drivers, writers, artists, tattoo artists, gallery owners, photographers, designers, dancers, and musicians (including such legendary New Yorkers as Laurie Anderson, Danny Fields, and William Ivey Long) reveal the diversity, creativity, and humanity at the heart of New York City.
After the sheriff and his men drag the river searching for Drew's body, the sheriff lets the threesome depart, warning them not to return to Aintry.
In low or no wind conditions, the windward appendage that is the lifted keel of the twin keel model adds slight drag.
A typical hay elevator includes an open skeletal frame, with a chain that has dull 3-inch spikes every few feet along the chain to grab bales and drag them along.
He is out of drag, but when he holds up his hand, you can see his blue nail polish.
 Trixie Mattel (2012 BFA, Music, Inter-Arts), drag queen, singer-songwriter, comedian and television personality
Things aren’t as easy as it seems, and Shima may have to dress in drag once more.
The facility features a ¼ mile IHRA-sanctioned drag strip.
Gaetano stumbles across an assortment of oddball characters, including a rabid chubby chaser, go-go boys, a squeaky-voiced detective, and Googie Gomez, a third-rate entertainer with visions of Broadway glory who mistakes him for a famous producer and whom he mistakes for a man in drag.
High cross-sectional area causing very high drag losses especially when driven at high speed  where  stands for the power,  for the cross-sectional area of the vehicle,  for the density of the air and  for the relative velocity of the air (incl.
There were other minor changes to the vehicle designed to reduce weight or aerodynamic drag (the most notable with the removal of all decals except those required by race officials).
13 January – Youth attending an illegal drag race in the Melbourne suburb of Noble Park turn on police throwing flares and trashing a video store.
And the people who have taken it out of context thinking they can drag me down, cannot and they're not."
Several complaints were made that the flaps, which modify drag and lift during take-off and landing, were jamming at twenty-five degrees upon landing, and there were two complaints that the weather radar was faulty.
 Freak Show, a 2007 novel about a teenage drag queen by James St. James
Both the Brabham team and their gearbox supplier Weismann lay claim to the idea of doing this with the tall BMW engine in order to create a car with very low bodywork that would allow a large supply of air to reach the rear wing undisturbed and create more downforce without harming the straight line potential with high drag.
The cars were slow out of the corners, but once they got up to speed the lowline aerodynamics and the  BMW turbo did their job and with the reduced drag, from the high speed Tamburello curve both Patrese and de Angelis accelerated quicker than any other cars.
After two weeks he escapes the cloister dressed in drag.
The police drag a deranged Madhu.
This suggested that an aircraft with a delta wing running the majority of the length of the fuselage at very great sweep angles, over about 65 degrees, would have reasonable low-speed performance while also keeping the supersonic drag to a minimum through its limited span.
As they drag him away as he shouts that he is a citizen of the Colonies and entitled to a fair trial.
 Terminal velocity (An object dropped through air from a sufficient height will reach a steady speed, called the terminal velocity, when the aerodynamic drag force pushing up on the body balances the gravitational force (weight) pulling the body down.)
She also helped drag Mr Lahey and Randy out of Sam Losco's veterinarian's office in Season 4's episode 5, "Conky" after they had been shot with tranquilizer darts.
A sudden Force 10 squall caused the ship to drag anchor.
The lack of state remedies to exhaust also means that the timeline for federal death penalty habeas review is much shorter than the timeline for state death penalty habeas review (which can drag on literally for decades).
Others had attempted to apply Richard T. Whitcomb's NASA winglets to gliders before, and they did improve climb performance, but this did not offset the parasite drag penalty in high speed cruise.
Mary desires Hyde, while Ivy wants Jekyll, and the two women drag him through a cemetery, agreeing to work out an arrangement.
Gabi hits him in the head with a rock and Sami and Kate help her drag Nick's body to the river where he briefly awakes before apparently drowning on November 27.
Drag City released this album in the United States on May 15, 2007 with a different 9th track, on CD format only.
 Cannonball Carry & Sledge Drag
The carmaker cited necessary aerodynamic changes needed to reduce the concept car's high drag coefficient of  down to , still higher than the Toyota Prius .
Also featured are Drag Diva personality Lady Clover Honey, actor and filmmaker Fred Anguera, comedian Marianne Schaberg, performance artist Robin Cloud, attorney and self-described "Fag-Hag" Stephanie Butler and comic Michele Balan who went on to achieve network fame as a top contestant on NBC's "Last Comic Standing".
Mulder notices a large drag mark through the dust on the floor, discovering a hatch leading to the museum's old steam tunnels.
Birds in more open settings that sally after larger insects like bees, such as kingbirds and bee-eaters, benefit from longer, more pointed wings, which are more efficient because they generate more lift and less drag.
Previously Surfers Paradise International Raceway had hosted drag racing and been a regular venue for the Australian Touring Car Championship and before that the Tasman Series which saw touring European Formula One teams visit Queensland.
The great thing about extremists is that they drag everyone towards the centre."
It is primarily affected by the original speed of the vehicle and the coefficient of friction between the tires and the road surface, and negligibly by the tires' rolling resistance and vehicle's air drag.
They were unique in that Tony Washington was openly gay, and sometimes dressed in drag onstage.
This structure was extremely strong but required a thick wing section, increasing drag.
The grannies drag the Goodies to the cinema to see The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, a film refused a British certificate by the BBFC until 1999, but which was widely released to cinemas anyway after local town and city councils (including the Greater London Council) awarded it an X-certificate (the equivalent to today's 18 certificate).
Fatty and Keaton dress in drag and perform an elaborate dance act.
The aircraft had an automatic restart procedure which balanced the drag by unstarting the other intake.
Our agency that ordered an ad in the video in question took it down when they realized they might drag us into a political discussion."
One of the first "gay riots", pre-dating the Stonewall riots in New York, happened at Compton's Cafeteria at Turk and Taylor Streets in August 1966 when the police, attempting to arrest a drag queen, sparked a riot that spilled into the streets.
Meadmore also utilized his drag persona for underground films he was making with director John Aes-Nihil, such as The Drift.
Michigan logging wheels  that were used to drag logs out of the woods are displayed on the grounds.
Possible applications for this include reduction of drag in ships.
.pls files do not gain access to drag and drop WSH functionality.
The world's oldest drag queen, Walter W. Cole took the stage name of Darcelle XV, in honor of Denise Darcel.
 Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13 – Rare Treats (unofficial)
Carlo and his minions first drag Tina, Sarah and Cristian to the river above the treacherous Hohenstein Falls.
Alternatively (not mentioned in the original exposition), one could leave gaps between keys so that one can drag through gaps to reach a larger number of “neighboring” keys.
It also has sensors for space weather data that is used to assist in high-frequency communications, over-the-horizon radar and spacecraft drag and reentry tasks.
The streamlined composite design and the particularly low canopy give the Europa both high cruise speeds of  and fuel efficiency of  due to its low drag.
His father was a well-known drag queen in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Reid then returned to his drag racing roots as the lead TV announcer for the NHRA on ESPN from 2001 to 2006.
It was released on Drag City in 1997 as the first album billed to his name, rather than the Palace or Bonnie "Prince" Billy monikers.
Flight testing of the Jimpu powered aircraft resulted in a crash, killing the flight test observer, (the first fatality during flight testing of Mitsubishi aircraft), blamed on the engines producing excessive drag, resulting in the switch to licence-built British engines.
A “trip wire” formed by a narrow seam on the surface of the legs and arms streamlined the surrounding air flow, significantly reducing wind drag by up to 40% in laboratory tests.
On the more heavily traveled routes, there were additional layers that included six sided capstones, or pavers, that reduced the dust and reduced the drag from wheels.
The Priscillas formed in November 2003 with Jenny Drag (vocals), Guri Go-Go (guitar), Kate Kannibal (bass) and Mavis Minx (drums).
Jenny Drag – vocals (2003–present)
 RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars 1 (season 1)
Springs hold the friction disks away from each other, so there is no contact when the clutch is not engaged, creating a minimal amount of drag.
Because the magnetic particles remain in the cavity, all magnetic particle clutches have some minimum drag.
This means, as the rotor rotates, magnetic drag between the rotor and the hysteresis disk takes place causing rotation.
Meanwhile, Zu, trying to streamline government, was running into opposition by Mu and Lady Lu, and therefore tried to have them removed by accusing Mu's associate Wang Zichong (王子沖) of corruption, hoping to drag Mu into the case.
The yaw string is considered a primary flight reference instrument on gliders, which must be flown with near zero sideslip angle to reduce drag as much as possible.
The most successful single ever released to radio in New Zealand by a drag act, the track was also released internationally on Central Station Records official Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras CD in 2003, as well as gaining widespread airplay on commercial radio throughout New Zealand.
Nationals with multiple rounds are also conducted by different affiliated clubs which are granted the hosting rights through promoters in karting, supercross and drag.
Barnes later said, "They literally had to drag us out of the studio.
"Rock Me Gently" by Erasure (1996): Monroe (played by famous drag impersonator Jimmy James) appears in the video.
The London cast included Miquel Brown, Kim Criswell, Kwame Kwei-Armah, James Dreyfus, Simon Fanshawe and legendary drag queen Regina Fong.
The Christian Science Monitor also quoted Manish Vij, a New York blogger for Sepia Mutiny who said, "The only thing more compelling [to] ... South Asian Muslims is to literally swear upon your mother's head, and mothers aren't as convenient to drag around in court as a copy of the Koran."
The Type 206 has a long, fine taper abaft the sail, again to minimize drag, but the British Upholder class has a more economical design, having a short taper at the extreme aft of the hull so as to maximize internal volume, and perhaps provide greater strength to the hull.
Alyssa Edwards (born 1980), American drag queen
He is a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race and a correspondent on Live from E!, and hosts a weekly podcast with Westwood One Studios.
In 2015, Mathews and Carson Kressley were named as new regular judges for the 7th season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
It stars Ugo Tognazzi and Michel Serrault as a gay couple operating a drag nightclub in a French resort town, Rémi Laurent as the former's son, and Michel Galabru and Carmen Scarpitta as his new fiancée's ultra-conservative parents.
The trailing wingtip vortices are responsible for the component of the downwash which creates induced drag.
The only aerodynamic novelty was a gearbox enclosure to reduce drag.
 RuPaul's Drag Race (season 2)
Coupled with the film's focus on the ball culture, an inextricably-connected transgender and drag subculture of 1980s New York City, this lends itself to a contextual definition of those performers impersonating females and attempting to exhibit the ultimately judged quality of holistic visual verisimilitude—"realness".
The package was conceived by drag racer Dick Harrell, and ordered through Fred Gibb Chevrolet in La Harpe, IL, with the intention of entering NHRA Super Stock racing.
Designers shifted their efforts at understanding air flow around the perimeter, body skirts, and undersides of the vehicle to increase downforce with less drag than compared to using a wing.
Some of the drag cars were used by other people for illegal street races; Zarnock claims that at one such unsanctioned street race he was kidnapped for a time.
Base bleed technology was developed to reduce the amount of base drag on a projectile, thereby increasing the achieved range.
During the Cultural Revolution (1966–76) the whole complex at Yerpa, including the Drag Yerpa monastery and the Upper Tantric College summer residence, were completely destroyed.
During Gay Pride Week, the statue is dressed in drag.
Ball culture, drag ball culture, the house-ballroom community, the ballroom scene or ballroom culture and similar terms describe a young African-American and Latin American underground LGBTQ+ subculture that originated in New York City.
Houses are led by "mothers" and "fathers" who are usually older members of the ballroom scene, who are typically drag queens, gay men or transgender women, who provide guidance and support for their house "children".
New York City is the epicenter of the world's drag ball culture.
William Dorsey Swann organized a series of drag balls in the DC area during the 1880s and 1890s.
Nineteen-sixties-style drag shows and competitions still exist, with their own audience.
By the 1930s, the drag ball culture was starting to emerge in the Black communities in major cities such as Baltimore, Chicago, and New York.
The legacy of ball culture on current drag is extensive.
The structure of Houses is widely used among drag queens today, as well as associated notions of community and family.
"Fierce" and "fierceness," "work it" and "working it," "fabulous" and "fabulousness" are heard in Paris Is Burning and appeared in the lyrics of "Supermodel (You Better Work)", a 1992 hit by drag queen RuPaul.
The film stars Imanol Arias portraying a drag queen.
This would inevitably drag in Poland and the Baltic States – all of which are members of NATO.
These engines were intentionally mounted as high as reasonably achievable on the wing so that sufficient clearance from spray would be provided, although this was reduced somewhat during trials in order to reduce drag.
Through his promotion of Houston's Orange Show art car events including the parade, art car seminars and the Main Street Drag (an event which brings art cars to schools) Harrod helped to bring art cars into the world of education where they became the focus of hands-on workshops in schools across the country.
Duhamel was a versatile rider competing in numerous motorcycle racing disciplines including; trials, motocross, ice racing, drag racing, flat track racing and most prominently in road racing as a member of the Kawasaki factory racing team.
This property was utilized in the design of the return capsules during space missions such as the Apollo program, which need a high amount of drag in order to slow down during atmospheric reentry.
Another possibility is to decrease the aspect ratio of the canard, with again more lift-induced drag and possibly a higher stall angle than the wing.
It is retracted at high speed in order to avoid the wave drag penalty of a canard design.
As a maintenance worker began using an excavator's "log grab" in an attempt to drag sections of scrap rail from the wagon, the action caused the wooden blocks to dislodge.
Petty wrote a third verse of the song specifically for Jones to record; "It's OK if you must go / I'll understand if you don't / You say goodbye right now / I'll still survive somehow / Why should we let this drag on?"
It also featured a unique variation on the usual multiball mode known as "Mist Multiball," where a magnet would drag a pinball across the playfield and the player would be required to knock it loose from the magnet's grasp to start the mode.
Billboard called it a "home run", especially praising De Niro's role in drag as Blizzard Man's mother.
The airfield ceased operations in 1945 and stopped flights in 1946, it is now owned by York Raceway who host drag events on the old runways throughout the summer.
L29A1 DS-T : also known as CHARM 3 Training Round (C3TR), it simulates the APFSDS round but with a much reduced safety range thanks to its conical tail which increase aerodynamic drag.
In Drag, the player must be the first to cross a finish line on a short and straight course, changing gears manually.
For example, Grip races favour cars with fast acceleration and strong drag force, while Speed races favour cars with high top speeds and stability.
Tatra 87 had a drag coefficient of 0.36 as tested in the VW tunnel in 1979 as well as reading of 0.244 for a 1:5 model tested in 1941.
She could not have clearly seen the staircase down which the mice drag the bolster because it was impossible to take a photograph at that location, yet she placed herself imaginatively on the staircase and drew the mice in anatomically believable postures and in scale with the features of the doll's house.
It was estimated that the additional weight of the mechanism for retracting and deploying the undercarriage amounted to 30lb, while an increase in cruising speed of 20 MPH was achieved via reduced drag.
"Coefficient of Drag," the first episode of Season 7 of The Shield.
They put the body into a sleeping bag and drag it down the stairs.
He goes on to say that he didn't drag Zoe up on the rooftop, he followed her.
Julie Newmar, a drag queen road movie starring Wesley Snipes and Patrick Swayze.
At the rear of the car, a twin pillar configuration supported a lighter and lower drag rear wing, now featuring FIA-mandatory slot gap separators to prevent deflection and a lower and wider rear impact structure as required by the regulations.
He wrote episodes of several serials, and also television plays, including Decision to Burn (1971, starring Anthony Hopkins) and The Best Pair of Legs in the Business, (1968, with Reg Varney as a holiday camp drag queen), which was remade as a feature film with the same title in 1972.
The airfoil had a lower drag coefficient than most contemporary designs, which allowed higher speeds, and created significant lift at relatively low angles of attack.
2012: Klarka Weinwurm – Continental Drag (guest singer)
It was released by Drag City in 2007.
For example, if the density of magnetic particles is too high, they may drag the surrounding viscous fluid with them.
The slow drag is an American ragtime jazz musical form and the social dance for which the music was written.
"The Dream" (c. 1880) is one of the earliest slow drag numbers.
Slow drag was one of ten dance themes Joplin included in his composition "The Ragtime Dance," written in 1899 and published in 1902.
Buster Pickens, who was born in 1916, described people doing the slow drag to "slow low-down dirty blues" in barrelhouse joints.
The "cling and sway" characteristic of the slow drag reappeared in the 1960s, and remains popular today as a basic romantic dance for couples.
The swing revival helped renew interest in the slow drag.
Photos and stories about contemporary juke joints, including photos of Slow drag dancers
The queens will compete for dominance, and the subordinate queen is later expelled by workers who drag her outside the nest.
It includes all the staples of the exploitation film—a drag race, a necking party, the flip and shallow conversation of a segment of youth, the slight and unconvincing nod to conventional morality at the ending."
The team, which is able to drag the other team to its side, is the winner team.
At high Mach numbers, grid fins flow fully supersonic and can provide lower drag and greater maneuverability than planar fins.
I differed in having horizontal "electroscope rudders" on the trailing edge, inboard of the movable wingtips, which acted to provide differential drag.
 Pat Austin, drag racer 
Past attempts at over-wing engine placement resulted in unacceptable drag at high speeds.
Concept of BGV is based on the original idea of Gilles Vaton, who modified trimarans to achieve reduced drag and stability at high speeds.
Both very short dresses were designed by drag artists.
Complications begin when Cousin Muriel (Florence MacMichael) visits and discovers the sinful cohabitation; she tattles to her folks, who charge over to investigate and drag the daughters home.
The method employed by the looters was to drag a series of hooks across the site with nets behind the catch to dislodge artefacts.The Vietnamese authorities became aware of the wreck following the arrest of two dealers at Da Nang airport who had in their possession suitcases full of pottery from the site.
Fairey stated that the aircraft's delta wing possessed several attributes that were favourable for high speed flight, including relatively low drag characteristics and a comparatively stiff structure, along with stowage space for both fuel and armaments.
They were killed instantly when a V8 Holden Commodore, which police said had been travelling at up to 200km/h while drag racing, ploughed into the driver's side of their Honda sedan near Flinders Avenue just after midnight.
This varied from a seemingly severed head singing "I Ain't Got Nobody" to an Aretha Franklin drag act using couch cushions for breasts.
The characters include a blind beggar, a Malcolm X lieutenant, a pimp, prostitutes, a drag queen, a lesbian, looters, lovers, junkies, a wino, a bag lady, corrupt cops, a disgruntled postal worker, sweatshop workers, and a death row prisoner.
Thus, a pedelec with a 70 kg rider (total mass of ~100 kg) can be calculated to go about 5.6 kilometres on a 10% grade at 25 km/h on battery power alone (assuming Frontal area = 0.4 meter-squared, Drag coefficient = 0.7, Altitude = 100m, Wind speed = 10 km/h and Rolling resistance coefficient = 0.007).
In winter the Bungsberg is Germany's most northerly skiing area and the only one in Schleswig-Holstein with its own drag lift installed for the few days each year when there is enough snow cover.
Drag City (record label) live albums
It was originally released in 1992 and reissued by Drag City in 1997.
", threatening to drag the world into the chaos of war once again with it.
"I always had a natural love for drag racing, going straight and making the cars go as fast as they possibly could go," Cannon stated.
Since 2001, it has been a drag bar called Julia's.
Jack, Ian, and Christopher affect female drag to gain entrance to the Royal Albert Hall, where Jack guns down the PM.
Not only did the other eleven jurors demand that the prosecutor levy charges against the lone juror, they attempted to drag the socialist supporter out into the street and lynch him.
All is havoc, as a group of drag queens who dress like Smith, Santa Ana Anna (played by Arquette), Eenie Anna (played by Gil, who is a dwarf), Brown Sugar Anna and Hot Spicy Anna, believe that Harvey stole their idol's dog and band together to get Sugar-Pie back for Smith.
Hartsfield's blades were zero-ground, meaning there is no secondary bevel edge on the knife which allows the knife to cut without parasitic drag.
A higher mass per unit drag area causes aeroshell entry, descent, and landing to happen at low and dense points of the atmosphere and also reduces the elevation capability and the timeline margin for landing.
Thus, there is a resulting tradeoff between drag and stability that affects the design of an aeroshell's shape .
This is done by inflating the balloon around the vehicle to increase the surface area and create atmospheric drag.
Another problem with cross-platform compatibility is that images inserted into any Office application by using either cut and paste or drag and drop result in a file that does not display the inserted graphic when viewed on a Windows machine.
The principle is that unless an aircraft-like extended tail is incorporated, which is not practical for an automobile, there is little, if any, increase in drag and a marked decrease in lift or even some downforce by simply chopping off a portion of the tail.
formation, drag increase, buffeting, stability, and
DQ (born Peter Andersen on 16 February 1973) is a Danish singer and drag queen who won the Danish Melodi Grand Prix 2007 and therefore represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with the song "Drama Queen".
Their goal is to drag souls to Hell, where they will be tormented and enslaved until they wither away or become devils.
The interviewees range in age from 18 to 77, in locations from San Francisco to New Mexico to Boston, in types from a bee-hived housewife to student to conservative businessman to sultry drag queen, and in race from Caucasian to Hispanic, African-American, and Asian.
The front bumper improves cooling to the radiator and front brakes while reducing drag.
Motor Trend called the GT-R as "Godzilla" in their reviews, tests and drag races, At the first acceleration test in 2009.
AMS Performance, Alpha Logic Performance, and Extreme Turbo Systems all build drag cars and aftermarket tuner parts for the Nissan GT-R.
Surrounded by enemy fire, the Marines were struggling to drag their wounded up the extremely steep and muddy mountain to an accessible area, but were taking fire from all sides and nearly out of strength.
Alternating stakes of different woody species are used and they are woven to form a barrier against the downward drag of the material eroded by free water on the surface.
For Earth orbiting satellites below the height of about 800 km, the atmospheric drag is the major orbit perturbing force out of all non-gravitational forces.
New redesigned front bumper and air splitter lowers drag coefficient from .
The conventional elevator remains in trail, minimizing trim drag.
She and her friends pursued interests such as "cruising", partying, listening to classic rock and roll, attending various motor sports (e.g., drag races, Hot rod shows, tractor pulls, and motorcycle races), playing softball and bowling, watching wrestling and "Tough Man" competitions, and attending fairs and carnivals.
Once the mine is dropped from the aircraft the fins spring outward, acting as a drag parachute, slowing the rate of descent to a peak speed of about 60 meters per second.
Born: Bob Glidden, American Pro Stock drag racer (d. 2017); Robert Hitchcock, sculptor, in Perth, Australia
Review/Theater; Arrivederci Papa, Farce In Drag Stephen Holden, The New York Times, June 29, 1989.
Often, single blade propeller configurations are touted as having a much greater efficiency than multiblade propellers, but this is a falsehood outside the inertial losses in spinning a heavier propeller, and the minimal additional drag from added blades.
It was a branch of the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing, located nearby in Ocala.
Lil' Magic – Features Kim Wayans as a very tall girl without talent who always auditions for talent shows, accompanied by her overzealous stage mother, played by David Alan Grier (who is not much in drag as he retains his normal voice and does not wear makeup, which added to the comedy).
The blades have a 60% greater swept area, are stiffer and the trailing edge is more precise, reducing drag.
The derivation of Stokes' law, which is used to calculate the drag force on small particles, assumes a no-slip condition which is no longer correct at high Knudsen number.
The drag coefficient calculated with standard correlations is divided by the Cunningham correction factor, C given below.
Promotion of the single and new album began with the Drag You Down tour running through 2006.
The airfield, which was renamed to Redstone Airport in-game, was featured in the 2016 racing video game Forza Horizon 3 on the Xbox One and is often used for drag races.
When A&M was acquired by Universal Music, Jack Drag was dropped from the label and he continued recording independently in Space 67.
The player has to drag Bub around using the stylus.
Phonon drag is an increase in the effective mass of conduction electrons or valence holes due to interactions with the crystal lattice in which the electron moves.
At lower temperatures there are fewer phonons available for drag, and at higher temperatures they tend to lose momentum in phonon-phonon scattering instead of phonon-electron scattering.
Ralph J. Scott carried breathing apparatus, forcible entry tools, heavy stream appliances, a bank of eighteen  CO2 cylinders (now removed), flood light, smoke ejector equipment, syphon ejectors, drag and grappling hooks, two  Mystery nozzles, and tips up to 6 inches for the largest deck turret.
Jonny McGovern, co-hosts, and friends frequently use slang and vernacular that is commonly referred to as "queen's speak" in the gay community; some of said vernacular are references to inside jokes on the podcast as well as the drag queen community in New York City's pier areas.
The drag coefficient of a sphere will change rapidly from about 0.5 to 0.2 at a Reynolds number in the range of 300000.
The drag crisis is associated with a transition from laminar to turbulent boundary layer flow adjacent to the object.
The semi-empirical descriptions of the drag crisis are often described in terms of a Strouhal bandwidth and the vortex shedding is described by broad-band spectral content.
"The Drag Crisis and Thermowell Design", J.
The Pink Angels (1971) is a somewhat campy film about a gang of homosexual bikers who head down the coast to attend a drag ball.
 Mixed by John Reis at Drag Racist Recorders in 1999 except "Painted Half a Picture" and "A Strong Maybe"
Coates' production of the Miller play incorporated gender bending by including five of the performers from Up Your A$$, some in drag, some not.
To prepare for the lead role of Kitten, Murphy studied women's body language and for a few weeks met with a drag queen who instructed him and took him out clubbing with friends.
Brooke Lynn Hytes, Canadian drag queen
For a mission, for example, when launching from or landing on a planet, the effects of gravitational attraction and any atmospheric drag must be overcome by using fuel.
She is found by agents of the shōgun, who cuts her free and tries to drag her away.
The National Hot Rod Reunion is a gathering of nostalgia drag racers, street rodders and automotive enthusiasts based on the California Hot Rod Reunion.
They manage to drag Doc from the chamber a few seconds before the jump executes, whereupon the chamber malfunctions spectacularly and bursts into flames.
Eventually, Andre's petty empire is vanquished by Shiniqua (Billy Porter), a powerfully wise and glamorous drag queen whose fiercely maternal spirit is every bit the match for the depraved denizens of the brothel.
Tamara Henry  (Arkansas) competed on RuPaul's Drag U Season 3 "Ex Beauty Queens" and Won.
A principal determinant of energy consumption in aircraft is drag, which must be in the opposite direction of motion to the craft.
Compressibility effects: beginning at transonic speeds of around Mach 0.85, shockwaves form increasing drag.
Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Applied Materials Research (IFAM) have researched a shark skin imitating paint that would reduce drag through a riblet effect.
 The Pacers were subjects of Walter Ungerer's 1963 drag racing documentary, "The Tasmanian Devil".
In 2008, the Pacers Auto, Inc. team of George Snizek, Charlie Dodge Hagenmayer, Otto Qualliotine, and Ken "KB" Braun were inducted into the East Coast Drag Times Hall of Fame in Henderson, North Carolina.
Ideally, the first oblique shock wave should intercept the air intake lip, thus avoiding air spillage and pre-entry drag on the outer boundary of the deflected streamtube.
He finally settled into a job as a waiter for a bar in North Beach, eventually becoming a performer there as a drag queen.
Furthermore, grooved and ridged teeth in non-venomous snakes are used to reduce suctional drag when capturing slippery prey like fish or invertebrates.
With so much of the aircraft's superstructure gone, the left wing induced drag on the fuselage, yawing it violently to the left.
The investigations arm of the CCI should complete the wider probe in the case within 150 days, the order said, though such cases at the watchdog typically drag on for years.
Rising fuel prices makes low drag a desirable feature, so STOL aircraft might be less desirable or numerous in future.
When their reconciliation with Bogdan failed and the latter was able to gather sufficient support in Moldavia to gain independence both from Hungary and from Poland, Louis endowed Balc and Drag with the lands that Bogdan held in Maramureș and made them Voevods of the Vlachs, but this time vassals of the King.
It uses a streamlined design with low aerodynamic drag in a wingless airframe, ensuring ranges beyond those of traditional short-range missiles.
A low drag coefficient flattens the projectile's trajectory and also markedly decreases the lateral drift caused by crosswinds.
In 2013, Schwarz documented Baltimore drag performer Divine with the celebratory feature, I Am Divine.
In 2021, AIDRA announced the establishment of an annual Australian Drag Racing Championship series, with ASID as one of five venues across the country to host a round in the inaugural season.
Aquaria (born: Giovanni Palandrani, 1996), drag queen
The first car designed to take account of newly developed principles of aerodynamics, to provide low drag both externally and internally.
Joanna Newsom and the Ys Street Band is an EP by Joanna Newsom, first released on April 9, 2007, via Drag City.
With a lightweight  body and a drag coefficient of 0.28, Mitsubishi claimed it to be capable of .
Users can drag data-elements and annotation from any visualization framework into any other (i.e., from a chart to a table), which reveal different data-attributes in context depending on the visualization used.
For many years, this segment of Fountain Avenue, between Flatlands Avenue and the Belt Parkway, was undeveloped and used primarily as a site for illegal drag racing.
It owned race cars that competed in NASCAR, drag racing, ocean boat racing, rallies, and sports car racing.
Linkage drag describes the introduction of an undesired trait or allele into a plant during backcrossing.
Though initially ruled a catch by a referee on the sideline, the call was considered questionable by the game's announcers since Moss had to drag his toes to stay in-bounds as he caught the pass.
Although the landing gear was retracted, the crew did not feather the propeller, which resulted in an increased air drag and thus made further flight maneuvers impossible.
The San Francisco Drag King Contest was held at the club for many years.
In 2012, China, and driver from the BTCC, Tom Onslow-Cole, were part of an eBay sponsored challenge, to convert a milk float into a drag racer, which then achieved a place in the Guinness World Records, for the world's fastest milk float.
Badly injured, he tries to drag himself back to his hut, hunted by famished wolves.
This energy transfer from the rotor to the air is the induced power loss of the rotary wing, which is analogous to the lift-induced drag of a fixed-wing aircraft.
Running on Empty (1982) – classic Australian drag racing movie
This configuration was rumored to result in increased lift with no increase in drag, thus allowing more speed, higher elevation, or decreased fuel consumption.
She also developed insomnia, which caused her to drag sheets outside the house and scream for hours in the middle of the night.
Working with drag performers Joey Arias and Doris Fish, was an inspiration to Champagne, and she credits them for helping develop vivid characters, and began her interest in the work of Charles Ludlam's Theater of the Ridiculous.
Episode 404 (41): Drag Kings
Fiberglass Trends went on to produce their own version of the Cheetah under the name GTR, which was used for drag racing.
Their version was primarily aimed at drag racers.
 Drag your design environment kicking and screaming into the '90s with Modules!
Even at zero airspeed, the rotor is quite effective, as it has nearly the drag coefficient of a parachute despite consisting of blades.
The inner 25 percent of the rotor blade is referred to as the stall region and operates above its maximum angle of attack (stall angle) causing drag, which slows rotation of the blade.
Andriy Mykhailovych Danylko (; ; born 2 October 1973), better known for his drag stage persona Verka Serduchka (, ; ), is a Ukrainian comedian and pop and dance singer.
When liquids are present and/or  form drag is present, the analogy is conventionally known to be invalid.
Xtravaganza's notable drag children included Danni and Venus Xtravaganza, whose life and murder was featured in Paris is Burning.
Raised on a farm in Buffalo, Dorian began performing in drag when leaving the city of Buffalo.
Corey's legacy remains one of importance to the transgender, drag and ballroom communities, and her particular importance in the development of voguing as a cornerstone of New York ballroom culture is venerated and memorialized in the modern day.
LaBeija was known as "the last remaining queen of the Harlem drag balls".
To earn money, she  produced drag balls and taught modeling.
Gary Hall, also known as Shequida Hall or mononymously as Shequida, is a classically trained opera singer, songwriter, playwright, and drag artist, born in Jamaica.
Wilson, who is sick of hearing the phrase himself, turns on Ted and starts beating him up before others physically drag him away.
The Sperry ball turret was very small in order to reduce drag, and was typically operated by the smallest man of the crew.
The Widdit platform allows publishers to create a free, customized branded toolbar using a drag and drop online wizard.
This increase can cause the drag coefficient to rise to more than ten times its low-speed value.
The large increase in drag is caused by the formation of a shock wave on the upper surface of the airfoil, which can induce flow separation and adverse pressure gradients on the aft portion of the wing.
These, along with other advancements including computational fluid dynamics, have been able to reduce the factor of increase in drag to two or three for modern aircraft designs.
Though not significant enough to necessitate surfboard design changes, the reduced buoyancy of fresh water results in increased drag when paddling.
Internal studies, which included considerable use of wind tunnels, found that the proposed airliner would generate 340 lb of parasitic drag, less than half that of the Argosy.
The undercarriage was fixed, but was partially enclosed within the fuselage and covered by streamlined fairings in order to minimise drag.
When she faints Malatromba tells the supposed spies to hide in the clock and barometer; as Malatromba tries to drag Catarina off, Amoroso, who has escaped prison, suddenly appears and draws his sword.
Cooled spent shale is discharged through a water seal with drag conveyor below the retort.
However, some puzzles also require the player to cast spells, use their melee attack, or drag objects and even enemy corpses into specific locations.
Bårjås is a popular scientific journal that has been published once a year in Lule Sámi and Norwegian by the Árran Lule Sami Center and museum in the village of Drag in Tysfjord, Norway since 1999.
Eddie Krawiec (born December 6, 1976 in Englishtown, New Jersey) is an NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock Motorcycle racer.
Presenter James May commented that he doubted if the car's drag coefficient would be low enough ("slippery enough") to reach the claimed top speed.
This leads to Josh, the eldest brother who was trying to raise the family alone, to dress in drag and pose as older guardian, Aunt Jelcinda (also known as "Mama J"), to fool their case worker, Alana Michaels (Kimberley Kates).
Many tried unsuccessfully to escape in disguise: Airey Neave twice dressed as a guard, French Lieutenant Boulé disguised in drag, British Lieutenant Michael Sinclair even dressed as German Sergeant Major Rothenberger (an NCO in the camp garrison), when he tried to organize a mass escape, and French Lieutenant Perodeau disguised himself as camp electrician Willi Pöhnert ("Little Willi"):
CD, titled "Ain't Life a Drag?"
 Edward Howard as Drag Dorgan
The second was a single-seater fighter configuration fitted with a semi-retractable main landing gear that when in its rearward retracted position, provided less drag as well as protection in case of a wheels-up landing.
The crew calculated the added drag left them with insufficient fuel to reach San Francisco or to return to Honolulu.
Savoia-Marchetti chief designer Alessandro Marchetti (1884–1966) retained the general configuration of the S.73 but introduced retractable main landing gear to reduce aerodynamic drag.
She wants to drag it out as long as possible to fill her pockets and she’s said some pretty mean things when I was in a wheelchair."
After the war, it was abandoned until the airstrip was turned into a venue for drag racing.
Thus it is very important to set the drag on reels on very low values.
It with a plywood skin glued to the mahogany longerons and struts that formed the internal structure, which was faired throughout to reduce drag.
 Karl Westenberg, better known as Manila Luzon, an American drag queen and reality television personality
It has been a feature of NHRA drag racing since the 1980s when it was added to the professional class structure and has since spread around the globe.
This celebration, held every year in November, includes events such as the Palm Springs Pride Golf Classic, the Stonewall Equality Concert, and a Broadway in Drag Pageant.
To reduce interference drag, a large fairing encases the low wing center section, and the engines are mounted high on the tail.
Bad form will cause more drag on a body in water (resistance) resulting in more work needing to be done to cover the same amount of distance.
The organization participated in its ninth Station Domination at Penn Station, which included a full-motion video projection featuring LGBTQ+ and Stonewall graphics, two women of color in front of Independence Hall, two men holding hands at the Liberty Bell, and a drag performer.
Tauranac persisted with this apparently conservative approach based on wind tunnel tests he had carried out in the early 1960s, which indicated that a more complicated inboard design, with the springs and dampers concealed under the bodywork, would provide only a 2% improvement in drag.
The pump should only be powerful enough to push the water through the filtering material as well as overcome the drag in the intake and return pipes.
The drag queen Mitzi Mitosis – stage name of Anthony "Tick" Belrose – is performing at a club ("Downtown" [Australia and London]/"I've Never Been to Me"; "It's Raining Men" [Broadway]) when his estranged wife Marion, calls in for a favour.
Tick confides in another fellow drag queen Farrah, before deciding he will leave for Alice Springs.
In reviewing the West End production, the London Evening Standard (thisislondon) reviewer wrote: "From the first moments when three divas hang suspended high above a silver-spangled bridge and belt out Downtown, the show never loses its spectacular, helter-skelter momentum of songs to which the drag queens lip-sync."
In January 2009 the Finnish ammunition manufacturer Lapua published Doppler radar tests derived drag coefficient data for most of their rifle projectiles.
In several occasions, both in manga and anime, he is either seen doing drag or wearing animal costumes.
Thirupu and her grandmother drag Kameshwaran away from her.
Nonetheless, the idea that each action is limited to a specific place can still pertain, because the Trojan War did take place at Troy and Achilles did drag Hector’s body around the city.
Track 8 recorded and mixed by John Reis at Drag Racist Recorders in San Diego, California.
They did mention that the car was not in low drag configuration so the car was not in an optimally efficient condition.
Based in Los Angeles, California, the company specializes in documentary television and film productions, with credits including the Million Dollar Listing docuseries, RuPaul's Drag Race, and the documentary films Mapplethorpe: Look at the Pictures (2016) and The Eyes of Tammy Faye (2000).
World of Wonder's work in television has been honored with over two dozen Emmy nominations and multiple wins for RuPaul’s Drag Race, including awards for best overall in the reality category and best host.
RuPaul's Drag Race won the 2014 TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Reality Programming.
A WOW Presents Plus original series serves as the prize for the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race UK in lieu of a cash prize, since BBC is not allowed to give out money to contestants on game shows.
Also, over the years, pool designs have lessened the drag.
At  from Fauske lay the Trollpollhaugen Tunnel after which the station reached Drag,  from Fauske.
An example of such a special .416 Barrett very low drag extreme range bullet is the German CNC manufactured mono-metal 27.5 gram (424 gr) .416 Barrett MSG (G1 BC ≈ 1.103 – this ballistic coefficient (BC) is calculated by its designer, Mr. Lutz Möller, and not proven by Doppler radar measurements).
Diamond Dogs is a professional drag show team that was created in 2002 by Peter Englund and Reine Tapper.
In July 2019, it was announced that Dooley would be a guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
A photo depicting a member of the Grey's Scouts about to use a noose to drag a prisoner behind his horse was among those that won J. Ross Baughman the 1978 Pulitzer Prize in Feature Photography.
The drag induced by its bulbous shape was amplified by careless detail design, which left it festooned with bumps and lumps.
To operate correctly a minimum speed of 120 knots was required which, due to form drag, even on full throttle was difficult for the Anson to achieve with bomb doors open and external racks fitted.
Because it is a key component of drag, it affects the amount of fuel burned per unit of distance travelled.
Weather helm does not only result from an overpowered main; when a vessel is heeling to leeward, the aft component of keel drag is moved to windward.
Reducing or reefing the total sail area will have the same effect and, counter-intuitively, many boats will sail faster with less sail in a stiff breeze once heel and weather helm have been reduced, due to the reduction in underwater drag (see Over-canvassed sailing).
Too much of either helm is not good, since it forces the helmsman to hold the rudder deflected to counter it, thus inducing extra drag beyond what a vessel with neutral or minimal helm would experience.
Denise Taylor, the executive director of the UK Wolf Conservation Trust, dismissed Ellis's methodology as part of "the macho-driven pursuits of the seemingly burgeoning number of TV presenters who think it is acceptable to drag what are perceived to be scary and highly dangerous creatures from their habitats, and wrestle with them and dominate them".
Thus drag and fuel costs are reduced allowing economical operation even on smaller aircraft like business or regional jets.
The Drag began as a strip of shops which provided vital resources to UT students.
The Drag is considered an important part of Austin's civic life, but for many years many Austinites avoided it because of congestion.
He worked as a producer on Sea Dogs, Echelon, and IHRA Drag Racing, while serving as Producer and Studio Head of Bethesda West Studios in Olympia, Washington.
The vehicle called the Aerotech was to use a sleek body made from carbon fibre in order to keep the weight and the coefficient of drag low in order to achieve maximum aerodynamics.
Drag Me to Hell tells the story of a woman cursed by an evil gypsy.
Due to its lack of residential development and status of being located between Diefenbaker and Centennial Drives on the city limits, Monck Avenue earned a notoriety for speeding and late night drag racing in the 2000's prior to the installation of speed bumps in 2007.
Drag bars — nearly straight across to create a forward-leaning and aerodynamic riding position.
This modifies the riding position from the forward leaning drag bar to a more relaxed riding position.
For flight to occur, four physical forces (thrust and drag, lift and weight) must be favorably combined.
They further argued that since the telson of Slimonia also possessed a keel, this would have created significant drag on it while Slimonia was trying to laterally sweep the telson to stab its prey.
He escapes by dressing as Brown's female cook, wearing drag and blackface.
As a young child, Mitta's mother tied him to a millstone to stop him from wandering off, but his great strength enabled the young boy to drag the heavy stone behind him, thus earning the name Nandhimitra.
Due to the effects of air drag, wind and gravity, bombs follow a complex path that changes over time – the path of a bomb dropped from 100 meters looks different from the one when the same bomb is dropped from 5,000 meters.
When the airplane exceeds its critical Mach number (such as during stall prevention or recovery), then drag increases or Mach tuck occurs, which can cause the aircraft to upset, lose control, and lose altitude.
In 1998, F. Muyl developed a compromise between exact accuracy and computational time to reduce drag of an automotive.
While the drag may have been reduced at cruising speed, it might have been drastically increased for take-off and landing, resulting in a net fuel loss for the airline.
Their initial findings saved a lot of money in building and testing – since it causes supersonic flow of air, a shock wave forms on the aft part of the wing, drastically increasing drag and reducing lift.
This goal is different still – the Reno Air Race is a straight drag from one point to another at a relatively low altitude.
While the aircraft’s drag was increased below Mach 0.73, that was thrown out as being less important than a top speed.
Unfortunately, optimizing for the two points resulted in less than a 3% improvement over drag and almost no weight improvement on the base design.
New wings and a semi-monocoque fuselage with less drag were introduced.
Despite the positive early results in the Core Business Unit that Bilson managed, the company's outsize investments in its separately led, declining Kids & Family Business Unit continued to drag on its overall financials.
This is most often due to severe drag braking down a gradient, or due to an error in the machining.
Mulder sticks his hand through the earth ceiling as Skinner and a team of rescue staff manage to locate them and drag them out and haul them to the safety of an ambulance.
Muzzle velocity does not consider the effect of aerodynamic drag on the flight of the bullet for the sake of ease of comparison.
McBratney struggled with Ruggiero, Gotti, and Galione and managed to drag all of them several feet toward the end of the bar, but could not get free.
Ludovinia reveals that Don Alejo (Fernando Soler), the town's mayor, had once taken a liking to Pancho, hiring him to drag his daughter, Moniquita, in wagon and encouraging him to go to school.
Near the end of the night, MTV staged a tribute to Madonna, the most-nominated artist in VMA history, by presenting a host of male drag performers dressed as the singer in her past music videos.
The event was created by Steve Gibbs, vice-president of the National Hot Rod Association, in October 1992, as a one-time event to gather some of the old drag racers together.
She shook up the show's fanbase and fellow contestant and eventual winner Asia Nitollano when she responded to the contestants' discussion of each other's dancing abilities by stating that she thought that Asia danced "like a drag queen", shortly before she was eliminated, causing the other contestants (with the exception of Nitollano) to burst out laughing.
There is a series of 2 drag lifts that can also take you from the village to the Courchevel side of the mountain.
The manual molding operation allows production of much larger castings than the Sinto cope and drag machine, and is primarily utilized for Goldens' power transmission operations.
Rama Rao's performance as Brihannala was praised: "Rao manages the transition well, swishing about in glittery drag and affecting exaggeratedly feminine mannerisms".
Cylindrical wheel treads have to "skid" on track curves so increase both drag and rail and wheel wear.
At speeds below critical mach, one of the primary forms of drag is skin friction.
To minimize this drag, the aircraft should be designed to minimize the exposed skin area, or "wetted surface".
In order to minimize the wave drag, the curvature of the aircraft should be kept to a minimum, which implies much higher fineness ratios.
While this produced more drag, it increased the stiffness of the wing structure, improving manoeuvrability.
Cop in Drag (1984)
But there are forces conspiring to drag him back to hell.
Therefore, the ending may suggest that Satan does, in fact, kill Rosemary and drag her down into Hell (after admitting that he had lied to her when promising her eternal youth).
Mrs Lang managed to reach Lana and Jaye Walsh and drag them to a safe distance from the fire and to shore.
It had an initial drag coefficient of only 0.35, remarkably low for its time, even though it was not tested in a wind tunnel until the design was largely finalized.
In 1790 the state government began systematic dredging using a "mud machine", which used a horse-drawn drag bucket, later upgraded with steam power.
When negotiations began to drag, Prince Charles, now 23, and Buckingham, decided to seize the initiative and travel to Spain incognito, to win the Infanta directly.
One Gardnerian even declared "spare us Jahweh in drag!"
It caused a reduction in the drag of radial engines and was widely used in high-speed designs of 1930–1935, before the long-chord NACA cowling came into general use.
Some tiles have a piece of road, and a black tile represents "the void", an area where one can drag the tile nearby in order to complete a road which will be taken by a ball that will follow the path.
 After the introductory march, Palin appears in drag as "Mrs. Betty Palin" to deliver the Prologue.
Yeah, I Know It's a Drag...
The relationship between the rotational diffusion coefficient and the rotational frictional drag coefficient is given by the Einstein relation (or Einstein–Smoluchowski relation):  
The first dorsal fin and spine could have produced a considerable amount of drag during fast locomotion.
Essentially a torpedo bulge built on the inside of the hull so as to not protrude and cause unnecessary drag.
Silvio Cássio Bernardo (São Paulo, 10 of July 1967), better known as Silvetty Montilla, is a Brazilian drag queen, actor, comedian, television presenter and reporter considered one of the greatest artists of Brazil's LGBT culture.
In the 1990s the venue became notable as a launching pad for alternative country artists such as The Backsliders, Whiskeytown, and Kenny Roby of Six String Drag.
The city of Concord then changed the zoning around the track, essentially preventing him from being able to build the drag strip.
The event is currently promoted by Dal-Con Promotions and features several attractions and events, including live concerts, many motorcycle vendors, a poker run, drag races, bike show, Ms. Laughlin competition and charity events.
Instead of NACA ducts, large squared off openings would be used to collect more air, even if it increased drag.
Their weight also makes them sectionally denser and less susceptible to wind deviation and drag deceleration, and thus imparts better external and terminal ballistic performance.
The other five women to earn their wings were Barbara Allen Rainey, Rosemary Bryant Mariner, Judith Ann Neuffer, Ana Marie Fuqua, and Joellen Drag.
It also discovered a raw drag comedian called Paul O’Grady and introduced UK audiences to his alter ego Lily Savage.
It could not escape the drag penalty imposed by its tail structure and was no match for the Albatros fighters of late 1916.
Saskatchewan hosts auto racing on the Saskatchewan International Raceway drag racing course, Bridgecity Speedway in Saskatoon, and Kings Park Speedway of Regina, which both feature Thunderstock, and Streetstock racing.
It features the pausing and resuming of downloads, new task support multi links, drag and drop, HTTPS support library auto download button, directory selection, displaying the download status, the deletion of download history and downloaded files, and the saving of files using the timestamp from servers.
Karl "Charity Kase", played by Morgan Crowley, is an Irish drag act employed by Peggy Mitchell (Barbara Windsor) for a night in The Queen Victoria public house.
Problems were encountered with the retractable stabilizing floats, resulting in several accidents when the floats could not be lowered for landing, and the system was eventually abandoned, with the stabilizing floats being fixed, and a more powerful Mitsubishi MK4S Kasei 24 engine fitted to compensate for the increased drag.
This was the result of moving most of the blimp's bracing wires inside the envelope in an attempt to minimise drag.
 "Speed": Physical limitations of race horses; mechanics of drag racers; fast airplanes; slowing down atoms.
Greg Anderson (born March 14, 1961 in Duluth, Minnesota) is a current NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock driver for KB Racing, driving the Hendrick Automotive Group Chevrolet Camaro.
The Drag City Starlet
When the power being produced by the engine drops to the point where it is not contributing to thrust, the propeller will go into a feathered mode to reduce drag.
It was released in 2005 on Drag City.
The bald notothen is adapted to life in the water column as the shape and flatness of the trunk may streamline the fish and reduce drag.
Further road machinery was purchased, drag scrapers at $7,25 each and wheel scrapers at $51.00 each.
This decreases the size of the meplat which increases the ballistic coefficient and reduces drag, time of flight and wind drift.
The T-5R was renowned as a sleeper car; despite its boxy, understated appearance, it boasted a drag coefficient of 0.29 and was capable of accelerating from 0 to  in 5.8 – 6.0 seconds (depending on transmission and body type).
While there, he managed Christy Dignam and the drag act Mr Pussy, and first saw Brendan O'Carroll in performance.
Version #1: Original version from the 1963 Drag City album
John Epperson (born April 24, 1955) is an American drag artist, actor, pianist, vocalist, and writer who is mainly known for creating his stage character Lypsinka.
At Studio Theatre in Washington, D.C. Epperson performed an autobiographical theatrical solo show, Show Trash (2004), out of drag, talking, playing the piano and singing in his own voice.
I suppose drag artist would be okay."
(...) He intends his own work as 'a commentary of performance in general and drag performance specifically.'
Beavers can transport their own weight in material; they drag logs along mudslides and float them through canals to get them in place.
The service is built using HTML5 technologies, and files up to 300 MB can be uploaded via drag and drop into the web browser, or up to 10 GB via the OneDrive desktop application for Microsoft Windows and OS X.
The choice of a drag performer as Ukraine's representative at ESC was fiercely criticized by several media and politicians of different parties in the country.
He worked alongside Steve Malkmus and David Berman on The Silver Jews' American Water (1998 Drag City).
Its lackluster performance is generally attributed to abundant form drag from the wing and tailplane struts and unusually large strut-braced fixed main landing gear legs, which are about  in diameter and  long.
Mohan is in a dilemma: he has broken off his engagement with Karuna for Chandramukhi and now he has to drag Janak to court.
In the second, ninth and thirteenth seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race, she has been portrayed by Raven, Trinity Taylor and Gottmik respectively.
This has frequently been rated the number one best Drag Race lip-sync performance.
Bullets with a lower drag coefficient (Cd) decelerate less rapidly.
Besides a pointed nose, the GP 11 bullet also had a boat tail to further lower the drag coefficient (Cd).
Holiday Heart (Ving Rhames) is a gay African American man who performs as a drag queen at a popular nightclub in Chicago.
As related in the text known as the Bundahishn, if a person has been wicked, the bridge will appear narrow and the demon Chinnaphapast will emerge and drag their soul into the druj-demana (the House of Lies), a place of eternal punishment and suffering similar to the concept of Hell.
He got his start in musical theater through Harvard's Hasty Pudding Theatricals, performing in the Pudding's drag burlesques.
Grovyle sacrifices himself to drag Dusknoir back to the future, and the player presses onward.
Considered auspicious, it led to the addition of "Indestructible Rock" to the monastery's founding name: Ewan Chogar Gompa became Thubten Dorje Drag Ewam Chogar, known of as Dorje Drak.
Most notably, the "head" car, D car, presents a slight bullet train-shaped head for better acceleration against air drag at high speeds.
It was released on November 4, 2003 on Drag City.
The stylus is used to touch, press, and drag on simulated objects directly.
This horizontal component of lift is enough to overcome drag and allows the glider to accelerate forward.
The peak of the 'U' is at minimum drag.
At low speeds an aircraft has to generate lift with a higher angle of attack, thereby leading to greater induced drag.
Profile drag is caused by air hitting the wing, and other parts of the aircraft.
As lift increases steadily until the critical angle, it is normally the point where the combined drag is at its lowest, that the wing or aircraft is performing at its best L/D.
Pilots sometimes fly at the aircraft's best L/D by precisely controlling airspeed and smoothly operating the controls to reduce drag.
1 prop created sufficient drag, causing the aircraft to continue to yaw to the left.
The song "We Love Violence", performed in the film by policemen in drag, was sung by Gilliam, Mick Audsley (who edited the film), the musician Ray Cooper, Ed Hall (who was also the Visual Effects Editor), and Andre Jacquemin (who was Supervising Sound & Design on the film).
If the drag foot lifts off the ground, an illegal pitch will be called for crow hopping.
Bottle dynamos can be completely disengaged when they are not in use, whereas a hub dynamo will always have added drag (though it may be so low as to be irrelevant or unnoticeable to the rider, and it is reduced significantly when lights are not being powered by the hub).
However, when they are properly adjusted, the drag may be so low as to be trivial, and there is no resistance when the bottle dynamo is disengaged.
Kick cycles depend on the diver's finning technique and equipment, but are generally more reliable than time, which is critically dependent on speed, or air consumption, which is critically dependent on depth, work rate, diver fitness, and equipment drag.
Hezbollah released a statement saying, "We feel that there is someone out there who wants to drag the [Lebanese] army to this confrontation and bloody struggle ... to serve well-known projects and aims," and it called for a political solution to the crisis.
Tight ends previously were primarily blockers lined up next to an offensive lineman and ran short to medium drag routes.
The campus of the Moody College of Communication sits in a complex on the north west side of UT's campus, adjacent to The Drag and just north of the Littlefield House.
Although he was initially ruled as being out of bounds when he caught the ball, it was determined that Porter had one foot in the end zone and used it to drag the other foot out.
In 1928 she appeared in the Chicago production of Good News as Flo, the Varsity Drag Girl.
They have men follow him in his car one night and when he stops at a railroad crossing they drag him out of his car beat him until he cannot move, tie him to the railroad tracks with TNT and blow him up.
In the second quarter, Kansas City got a golden opportunity to get back in the game when Dawson completed a 55-yard pass to receiver Otis Taylor, who managed to drag defensive back George Atkinson nearly twenty yards before he finally went down on the Raiders eight-yard line.
This production would have starred former RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Ginger Minj and Jinkx Monsoon as Melpomene/Medusa and Calliope/Aphrodite respectively.
Racing boats (often called "shells") are long, narrow, and broadly semi-circular in cross-section in order to minimize drag.
Maneuvering reentry vehicles MARV (instead of symmetrically shaped warheads) induce lateral drag during reentry and hence strongly bend the trajectory, thus deceiving lower altitude interceptor systems that generally assume a straight decelerating trajectory and which have a limited terminal guidance maneuverability and course correction capability (especially hit-to-kill or conventional warhead interceptors).
GameSpot's 7.0 rating was attributed to the game offering a chance to play massive fleets but the loading times and the repetitive cutscenes were a drag.
DMGT had paid damages to Grant for a false February 2007 story in The Mail on Sunday, but Dacre accused Grant of being "obsessed with trying to drag the Daily Mail into another newspaper's scandal".
Meanwhile, the court Fool warns two of Vortigern's children, Pascentius and Flavia, of the bad times ahead and the three of them leave the court with Flavia in drag.
The band's name reflected singer and main songwriter Jack's obsession with classic cars, drag racing and Americana.
To reduce drag while under sail her funnel was retractable and her propeller could be hoisted into the hull.
The induced drag can be determined from
The resulting induced drag for a wing with a rolling rate is
This yields the famous equation for the elliptic induced drag coefficient:
Red CentreNATS is an automotive lifestyle festival with Burnout competitions and drag racing event's.
He also competed for one season in NHRA drag racing, and worked in radio broadcasting.
Connaught Ranges had many different activities each night including silkscreening and an "Ironman" night where both youth and leaders alike participated in events such as sumo wrestling and drag racing.
Offensive toe drag gets one do over.
Gene Malin (June 30, 1908 – August 10, 1933), also known by stage names Jean Malin and Imogene Wilson, was an American actor, emcee, and drag performer during the Jazz Age.
Around the same period, Malin worked at several Greenwich Village clubs as a drag performer, most notably the Rubaiyat.
Malin and Heiman had known each other from his days performing in drag at the Rubaiyat.
Since drag torque is minimal, these units offer the widest available torque range of any of the hysteresis products.
There is no contact between braking surfaces and minimal drag.
Port cities along the Eastern Seaboard suffered much worse than the rural interior, which had not yet developed the intricate webs of credit and market exchange that would drag it into future panics and depressions.
Living just a few miles away from the Brainerd International Raceway in Brainerd, Mn, Jason became an avid drag racing fan as a kid while learning engine repair and performance tricks from his dad who was considered an "ACE Mechanic" and Muscle Car enthusiast in the area.
It is the stage name for Chandler's dad who is a drag queen
While at anchor at Leghorn, Italy, heavy seas on 18 October 1944 caused LST-906 to drag anchor and run aground.
 May — LGBT people clash with police at Cooper's Donuts, a hang-out for drag queens and street hustlers who were frequently harassed by the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD).
He also has a penchant for getting into schemes that require him to dress up in drag to suit the situation, such as when he became Rebecca's "female" co-pilot Tan-Margaret (a play on Ann-Margret) in the episode "Feminine Air".
The drag nun, an AIDS activist called Sister Boom Boom, is the voice of conscience who represents human rights for all marginalized groups.
In November, the drag and drop Pegman icon is introduced as the primary user interface element for connecting from Maps' 2D view into Street View's 3D view.
Though the ST-124 operated all during the mission, its data were not used for guidance while the vehicle was in the atmosphere, where it was subjected to high drag forces.
The competitor must drag it backwards at all points of time.
The relative was so shocked to see him there in tatters, he had to drag away the protesting scholar with the promise to help him.''"
Coasting dissipates stored energy (kinetic energy and gravitational potential energy) against aerodynamic drag and rolling resistance which must always be overcome by the vehicle during travel.
Most modern petrol vehicles cut off the fuel supply completely when coasting (over-running) in gear, although the moving engine adds considerable frictional drag and speed is lost more quickly than with the engine declutched from the drivetrain.
This efficiently-obtained kinetic energy is then used in the glide phase to overcome rolling resistance and aerodynamic drag.
The nomination was withdrawn following criticisms from trans campaigners who objected to articles Leckie has written mocking a bingo night for drag queens and arguing against taxpayer-funded gender reassignment surgery for prisoners.
Sweeney denounced the bill as an attempt to drag America into World War II on the side of Great Britain.
High-performance rigs provide aerodynamic efficiency and hydrodynamically efficient hulls minimize drag through the water and sideways drift.
In a mixed review, Cpt H.M. 'Howling Mad' Murdock of Drowned in Sound concluded, "Not once does Overpowered really drag its feet, but it never truly impacts with the might one could possibly expect from an artist with such a fine pedigree.
The C.II had much lower drag than comparable aircraft of its time.
The high-tech suit's "4-stage framing system" employs welding to control major muscle groups and to stabilize water displacement zones, compression liner that targets large muscle zones, woven fibers to increase strength and decrease weight, and hydrophobic-coated fibers to repel water - reducing water absorbency and drag.
Messimy and Dubail tried to have the Army adopt 105mm heavy guns, but French generals saw them as a drag on the offensive (preferring to use the lighter and more mobile "Soixante-Quinze" gun) and better used as a defensive weapon like machine guns, so only a few were in use by 1914.
In 2008, the museum began hosting a special exhibition dedicated to Gale Banks and his contributions to the sport of drag racing.
Under his drag name "Rudia" and wearing a spangled pink gown, Giuliani said he was "a Republican pretending to be a Democrat pretending to be a Republican."
In October 2001, Giuliani agreed to appear in drag on the gay-themed television series Queer as Folk to raise aid money for gays and lesbians affected by the September 11 attacks, saying "If it means more money for relief funds, sure."
Firstly, such a configuration enabled the frontal area of the airframe to be reduced and therefore reduced drag.
The car also has an evidently powerful underfloor to give the car downforce whilst minimising aerodynamic drag, this is evidenced by the fact that the car debuted with a rear wing which is much smaller, with less overhang and height than the generous regulations allow.
The film was released with Drag Me to Hell on May 29, 2009.
The application supports drag and drop as well as cut and paste from the Nautilus (GNOME file manager) and also other applications.
He is also a successful motorcycle racing team owner, winning national and international championships in motorcycle road racing and drag racing.
In 2000, The Muzzy team shifted their focus into motorcycle drag racing with riders Rickey Gadson and Ryan Schnitz winning several major AMA and NHRA titles.
Drag are an Australian rock band led by Darren Middleton, most known as the lead guitarist from rock group Powderfinger.
The Way Out is the debut album by Australian rock band Drag released 10 July 2005.
initially enlisting Brisbane keyboardist Matt Murphy and fellow Powderfinger member John Collins on bass, Drag began performing around Brisbane and its surrounding areas.
Drag then recorded The Way Out in early 2005 at a recording studio in the Northern New South Wales beachside town Byron Bay.
The group's founding guitarist and lead vocalist, Darren Middleton, later explained how the group's work was "universally themed and full of obscure metaphors that don't really mean anything, which is what I really did with Drag.
On October 20, 2017, Drag City - with the cooperation and participation of Tom Rapp and original engineer/producer Richard Alderson - released a "Fiftieth Anniversary Mono Restoration & Remastering" on CD and LP.
In the fighter design, the trailing edge of the engine nacelles provided additional vertical control surfaces, and also incorporated the patented ducting system evolved by Martin to reduce drag caused by the engine exhaust.
Then on 9 September, an initial rally was held in Westminster Central Hall, where the exploitation of sex and violence in the entertainment industry was denounced; the Gay Liberation Front (GLF) invaded this meeting in drag, releasing mice, sounding horns, and turning off all the lights.
The club always regularly had shows and live performances from electro poets to male strippers and drag shows.
During the ensuing evening hours, strong winds and currents caused herto drag her anchor.
Predefined subgraphs defining different countries can be assembled with a drag and drop interface.
Particular attention is paid to dialogues, which often drag on past all logic, and include much stuttering, mumbling and other noises rendered phonetically.
Excess thrust is the difference between the total drag of the aircraft, and the thrust output of the powerplant.
The high launch price of the PlayStation 3 was considered a major drag on its popularity.
Yes, folks, I do love to drag my dirty laundry out in public!” “'Criminal' was for the soundtrack for the movie Point Break.”
During a period in the mid-nineteen eighties, the American drag performer RuPaul lived in the tower of the hotel.
Next she opened a gay bath-house (above a cake shop in Bondi Junction, New South Wales), followed in 1969 by Capriccio's, a gay night club on Oxford Street famous for its drag shows, which drew visiting celebrities from around the world.
Big Wheel, released in 1998, contained "Standing In The Sun" and "Boogie King", a song as much at home in the mosh pit as cruising the local drag.
Criticism: Newton objected to the theory because drag must lead to noticeable deviations of the orbits which were not observed.
He minimized drag by stating an extremely low density of the gravitational aether.
The front ribs would function as a pteroid bone in pterosaurs or an alula in birds, increasing or decreasing drag depending on their position.
The dog may drag one or both rear paws when it walks.
TORAN – Torque and Drag Analysis
In spite of their efforts, she continued to drag anchor toward shoal water.
Stetic is very similar to Glade Interface Designer but is integrated into MonoDevelop with features such as drag and drop.
Pandora Boxx, American drag queen
Commercial overfishing, grill and drag net and other destructive fishing have harmed the fish population.
 Brooke Lynn Hytes, runner-up on the eleventh season of Rupaul's Drag Race
From 1981 until its closure after the 2021 season, it hosted the NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series, Southern Nationals.
The KillaCycle is an electrically powered motorcycle purpose-built for drag racing.
In these areas, L. mandtii are known to be found anywhere between the subtidal to depths of about 140 m. They mostly take up rocky areas where they can easily maneuver around and hide themselves from physical and ecological factors such as strong currents and drag that could rip other organisms away.
Another cause of discussion between each presidents are the relations between their sons, Fernandez's son is known in Argentina as a drag performer and cosplayer, with a progressive stance, while Bolsonaro's sons are conservative and homophobic.
The film is notable also for Almodóvar's appearance in full drag as a nightclub compeer.
Rye took the destroyer in tow to keep the ship from falling off, whilst Penn went alongside the starboard side of the tanker to act as a drag to keep her straight.
Users can drag a 3D cursor to a selected time and location, then trigger the calculation of a forward and backward wind trajectory from that point.
And users can drag a 3D cursor to a selected time and location and read out individual values for parameters at that point.
Goldman appeared as a contestant on the second season of RuPaul's Drag U the summer of 2011.
The power curve in aerodynamics, a characteristic curve of drag vs. airspeed for airfoils
The design was a cantilever high-wing monoplane with a triangular cross-section, which proved useful because of the increased strength and rigidity, which reduced the need for fuselage struts to keep the same shape, and added the aerodynamic benefit of avoiding vortex drag under the aft fuselage.
Today the raceway hosts events throughout the year including the FIA European Drag Racing Championships and the 'Run What You Brung' (RWYB) events where anyone with a valid driving licence can have a go and put their own vehicles and skills to the test.
Volatility thus mathematically represents a drag on the CAGR (formalized as the "volatility tax").
Most patrons are in costume and many are in drag.
This allows the engine to operate as if it were at sea-level pressures while taking advantage of the reduced drag on the aircraft at higher altitudes.
The expense of maintaining the lighthouses continued to drag on the coast guard budget.
The ailerons had their tips rounded off and to reduce drag and were given a fabric strip reinforced with wire to cover the hinge gap, however the strip severely affected the type's handling, so it was removed shortly after service entry.
Even the great slugger Mickey Mantle would drag bunt once in a while, taking advantage of his 3.1 second speed from home to first base.
Secondary concerns were that since the commission members were part-time employees, investigations would drag on unnecessarily, as  freeing up the members from the regular jobs  was often difficult.
The magnetic field of the star interacts with the wind, which applies a drag to the stellar rotation.
The thugs drag Norio into the house and ask for Takeo's whereabouts.
One of Quebec's most noted drag queens, Mado Lamotte, criticized the show as unrealistic.
In 2012, Cazwell appeared on the variety show She's Living for This, hosted by the drag queen Sherry Vine.
 2009: RuPaul's Drag Race
Interviews with gay men and lesbians throughout the film demonstrate the wide range of Southern lives, from  Rita, a retired military officer, now a drag queen in New Orleans, to Iris, a black lesbian living in a bus in the Ozarks.
Harold Martin is an American drag racer in the IHRA series.
Bragman made an appearance on an episode of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 2 as Camille Grammer's Publicist, and was a guest judge on Season 1 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
It had a fixed tailwheel undercarriage with spats covering the mainwheels to reduce drag.
Australia began the fifth day looking to knock over England's last wicket quickly, and set a modest chase, but Dilley and Emburey were determined to drag it out as long as possible.
 Giant Drag – Waking Up Is Hard to Do (2013)
This decision has since been criticized by some modern authors, as single row radial engines produce more drag, without advantage of more power, and reduced visibility from the cockpit.
According to The Boston Phoenix, Deily lives and works in the Boston area, where he and his wife Lisa Deily have often performed with their band, Varsity Drag.
 Varsity Drag Official Site
Also, for years Christlieb has been involved in professional drag racing, with his cars participating in numerous races in the southwest and across the country.
He was associated with the drag revues at Finocchio's club in San Francisco, and wrote an entertainment column for the Bay Area Reporter.
Prior to Wise's use of the rip panel, balloons would drag along the ground when landing and had to be secured by anchors and lines.
The 2008 festival attracted a great deal of media attention including that of Wired.com whose headline ran, "If those sprawling three-minute YouTube clips seem to drag on forever, Filminute, the international one-minute film festival, might be right up your alley."
The Tunnel fin is based on the principle of the annular wing with the lowest drag and highest lift fin configuration possible.
Instead of using his sole to drag the ball back in the move's first phase, Zidane sometimes used the inside of the foot, especially when performing the move while running at high speed.
Those who changed their name to perform a character or alter ego, including drag performers and professional wrestlers.
 For a lifting system constrained to fit within a rectangular box of fixed horizontal (spanwise) and vertical dimensions as viewed in the freestream flow direction, the configuration that provides the absolute minimum induced drag for a given total vertical lift is a closed system, i.e.
This is because, regardless of what the circulation distribution is to start with, a constant circulation can be added to the closed-loop portion without changing the total lift of the system or the induced drag.
Values of ε greater than 1 indicate lower induced drag than that of a classical cantilevered wing for which ε = 1.
In this retelling, the dog attempted to drag him to safety, but he refused to be moved and both died.
Jackie occasionally appears in drag as a disguise and often has an obscure talent or gadget to get out of tight spots.
The streamlined, rotating torpedo tube muzzle cap eliminated the drag that muzzle holes would otherwise cause.
The streamlined, rotating torpedo tube muzzle cap reduced the drag that an uncovered tube would otherwise cause.
As in previous US designs, the sail was kept small for reduced drag when submerged.
References can be cited in any document by copy and paste or drag and drop from BibDesk, or via a macOS service.
Care must be taken so the Tricam does not loosen while climbing above it due to rope drag.
The film also stars Lucie Laurier as Morgane, a female drag racer who assists Max in his quest to locate a suitable organ for his girlfriend's surgery.
DBR Drag (5:05)       
The modest impact of the touchdown, coupled with the sudden drag caused by the aircraft's cobbled skid/wheel landing gear, caused the boom section behind the wings to fail, propelling the nose section forward, with the P-1 breaking up violently, killing Paul Mantz instantly.
The Drag reduction system (DRS), an adjustable rear wing designed to increase straight line speed, was introduced in the 2011 rules.
When the women drag Addley's body outside, Ike leaps from a second-story window and attacks them.
Names of Jeff Goldblum and Anne Heche probably won't be enough to drag a significant amount of theatrical coin out of this one, but vidbin sales are more promising."
In the summer of 2009, Drag City Records released Magnificence in the Memory, rare cuts of YaHoWha13 from the archives of the Source Foundation.
After the band was invited by Slint to open for them at England's All Tomorrow's Parties festival, the band drew attention from Drag City Records.
The runway can still be seen and driven on, leading the Maltese to use for drag car racing.
In a 1993 interview with Miller, Option wrote that success was a touchy subject for him, quoting Miller's joking example of a typical review: "Nothing good ever happens to Scott Miller, but somehow he's managed to drag his broken body into a studio one more time and make another album."
Women and the History of Art & Drag
Since January 2021, Love has been a recurring guest judge on Season 13 of Rupaul's Drag Race.
Annual Gender-Bender Drag Show at Minnesota State University and the Minnesota Red Ribbon Ride AIDS fundraiser.
One advantage of steel edges is the reduced drag they create.
Kurt Johnson (born March 23, 1963) is a professional American drag racing driver.
Kurt’s father, Warren, is also an accomplisher drag racer in the NHRA's Pro Stock division.
To reduce the net force as much as possible, helicopter blades are designed to be as thin as possible, reducing their drag, although this makes them inefficient for lift.
As any airfoil approaches the speed of sound it encounters a problem known as wave drag.
If the rotor rpm were to be increased in an attempt to alleviate retreating blade stall, the helicopter will face a maximum speed induced by extreme drag of the rotor' advancing blades as their tips approach supersonic relative airspeed.
Consider a blade as it reaches the rear of the aircraft and starts to rotate forward; during this time the relative airspeed starts increasing rapidly, and the blade is pushed further and further back by the increasing drag.
Since the effects of the forward motion of the helicopter are reduced, or even eliminated at lower speeds, the rotor can be spun at a high speed without fear of reaching the wave drag regime.
Since the motion in the Derschmidt rotor follows the natural change in drag through the rotation, the force applied to the blades to move them into position is quite small.
The drag strip was awarded a National Open by the NHRA in 1993.
Over the years, the facility also hosted Formula Atlantic, Formula 1600, Formula 5000, Trans-Am, as well as NHRA-sanctioned drag racing.
The biggest event currently held at the facility is on the drag strip.
While in the harbor, heavy winds caused her to drag anchor approximately 150 feet and run aground on rocks, causing damage to her hull and internal tanks.
Starrbooty is a 2007 film written by and starring drag queen RuPaul.
Coefficient of Drag (Cd) approximately 0.17
In the demo; as many as three Boys were shown interacting on a flat plane filled with barnyard animals; their elastic bodies were used to snap, whip, entangle, and drag themselves around.
There is hardly filler here, no scenes to drag out the running time or to fill some gaps in between other climaxes.
The runways were used by the Allentown Jaycees for drag racing in order to get "hot rods" off the City streets.
Conversely, functional items going down the path of attrition leave behind functional gaps, triggering a drag chain effect on surrounding functionally salient lexical items.
Kitiara and Slith drag Laurana off into a nearby alley, but before Kitiara can kill Laurana, she is driven off by the arrival of Derek Crownguard's group of knights and Elistan.
Novakovic's film roles include Drag Me to Hell (2009), Edge of Darkness (2010), Devil (2010), Generation Um... (2012), The Little Death (2014), I, Tonya (2017), and Birds of Prey (2020).
She is a drag queen entertainer and a podcaster from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The balloon is rapidly inflated to expand the cone to full size and the resulting drag slows the capsule to a velocity where other landing mechanisms can finish the job of bringing it to a soft landing.
"Improved Empirical Model for Base Drag Prediction on Missile Configurations Based on New Wind Tunnel Data", NSWCDD TR-92-509, Oct 1992, (written with F. Wilcox of NASA/LRC and T. Hymer of NSWC) .
Improved Power-on, Base Drag Methodology for the Aeroprediction Code," NSWCDD/TR-00/67, Oct 2000.
"An Improved Semiempirical Method for Power-On Base Drag Prediction," AIAA Paper No.2001-4328, Aug. 2001, and JSR, Vol, No.
When she was young, Rennie was pushed into Crystal Lake by her uncle, in an attempt to make her swim, and nearly dies when a young Jason attempts to drag her underwater.
They can also be raised out of the water, to eliminate drag when sailing.
Having Viral pilot her Dai-Gunkai to drag the Dai-Gurren into the cold depths, Adiane engages in personal combat with the Gurren-Lagann in her Sayrune to ensure no interference.
As a result of the economic policy of Edward Gierek in People's Republic of Poland in the second half of the 1970s it began raising prices, which started to drag the country into an economic crisis.
Yet, they start a conversation and Leandro shares his history (was totally held back by his father and had to drag himself out of his humble past), and they connect, and end up sleeping together when they get back to D.F., then they start a long-distance relationship and keep in touch through letters.
The racing complex also has a drag racing strip and a go-kart track.
His ambition is to drag the Labour Party back towards what he believes in rather than ever leave it".
After making up for a lifetime of squabbling, they vow to fight on, and drag themselves back into the farmhouse in search of a phone.
The cheerleaders are drag queens, the nerds are nymphomaniacs, the punks breathe fire, and the prom band is none other than queer post-punk phenomenon Triple Creme.
Jorge Luis Flores Sánchez, better known as Nina Flowers, Puerto Rican drag queen and reality television personality
By December 2002 she had built a life for herself working at her mother's daycare center, performing in the weekly drag show at Bob and Barbara's—a bar in Philadelphia's Center City neighborhood—and practicing Buddhism.
When Anton passed me I used his tow to drag me along behind him.
First, they decide to go drag racing.
In Japan, street racing sometimes occurs on long straights in industrial areas, which are used for drag races.
Some of the stories involve Boo with drag queens and transgender activists.
In this case the aircraft is carrying around a large fuselage for no reason, adding mass and drag and thereby lowering performance.
Every Wednesday night the player can compete in a bracket racing drag competition called "Grudge Night".
The player may also be surprised to see fresh rubber streaking the pavement at the old drag strip, but if he doesn't, he can always come home and fire up Street Rod II: The Next Generation!"
In 2019, Rippon guest-hosted RuPaul's Drag Race season 11 "Ruveal" livestreams with reigning queen from season 10, Aquaria.
This allows this interceptor species to optimise for least drag generation at the expense of maximum lift ability at high speeds.
Two canonical results that follow immediately are for the drag force  on a rigid cylinder (length , radius ) moving a velocity  either parallel to its axis or perpendicular to it.
The first Revival Tour in 2008 featured Avail's Tim Barry and Lucero's Ben Nichols, with guest appearances from Laura Jane Grace of Against Me!, Kevin Seconds, Jon Snodgrass of Drag the River, Jesse Malin of D Generation, Chris McCaughan of The Lawrence Arms, Austin Lucas, and Frank Turner.
They claim to reduce breathing resistance, to cut water drag and to remove the "water trap".
When a drag queen enters in a similar outfit to Deloris' opening costume, Joey, TJ, and Pablo try to stop her and get into a fight, giving Deloris, Sister Mary Patrick, and Sister Mary Robert a chance to escape.
Another early experiment provided increased accuracy for estimates of the neutral density of the atmosphere, which is a critical factor in the computation of atmospheric drag, and which was thus important to determine accurately before spacecraft could be designed to successfully stand the rigors of atmospheric re-entry.
For Reynolds Numbers associated with the Drag Crisis (first reported by Gustav Eiffel) 100,000 < Rd < 1,000,000-3,000,000, the shedding forces are randomized with a corresponding reduction in magnitude.
Fung, Y.C., (1960), "Fluctuating Lift and Drag Acting on a Cylinder in a Flow at Supercritical Reynolds Numbers", J.
Naomi reappears, trying to drag Yuri underwater; but Sean intervenes once again and takes the vengeful Naomi back to the bottom of the sea.
This soon leads to the shock stall, causing a rapid increase in drag.
A number of factors influence induced drag, however, and as a practical matter a wing of elliptical planform, like that of the Supermarine Spitfire fighter of World War II, is not necessarily the most efficient.
An "All Apps" screen lists all installed applications, with the ability for users to drag an app from the list onto the home screen.
The USAAC proposed an engine of about 1200 cubic inches (20 L), hoping the engine's smaller size would lead to reduced drag and hence improved range.
Access to the slopes is via drag and chair lifts - depending on the particular run.
They also started the Nanjappas Racing Foundation with an aim to professionally organise motorsport events in India like drag racing, go-karting and motocross.
Events include a date auction, drag show, and a goods auction, with items and gift certificates donated by area merchants.
Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 also had a song titled "Dawn of the Dead" that was never released on an album, but was included in the Rare Treats section of their Little Box of Horrors box-set collection.
However, the user can drag one of the function icons from the sidebar into the sheet to make the calculation appear in that location.
At the middle of October the steam drag and omnibus were put on the road between Wellington Street, Waterloo Bridge and Greenwich, where it continued to run for a fortnight, with a view of showing the public in London what could be done in this direction.
"Step It Up", a song by American drag queen RuPaul featuring Dave Audé from her 2015 album Realness.
Not understanding what's wrong, Father Mark refuses; but before Garth can explain, several natives seize the priest and drag him to a hill upon which is planted a cross.
Reality hits the gang the hardest when Tonton loses his girlfriend, Rose, in a car accident while drag racing on the same night of the junior-senior prom.
This was inefficient as the line produced drag for the lifeguard and was at risk of becoming tangled.
Russell James Liberman (September 12, 1945 – September 9, 1977) was an American funny car drag racer, nicknamed "Jungle Jim."
He was regarded by many as the "greatest showman the drag strip has ever experienced."
Super Stock & Drag Illustrated had a story idea that required the total disassembly of a Funny Car down to the last nut and bolt for a true exploded-view picture.
It also included Express Effects, a range of predefined effect templates that users could drag and drop onto their clips.
Furthermore, with this Version you can Play Videos with embedded subtitles and drag and drop extra ones to the Playback functions.
This reduces both aerodynamic drag as well as aerodynamic stress during launch.
As before a trade off exists between gravity drag from flying higher first to avoid the thicker atmosphere when accelerating; or accelerating more at lower altitude, resulting in a heavier launch vehicle because of a higher maximum dynamic pressure experienced on launch.
By reducing this time the rocket can level off sooner; further reducing gravity drag losses.
In Thailand, the Nouvo is also being raced in underbone drag racing.
It was used as a lipsync song on episode 11 of the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Further work in the Bristol wind tunnel had shown that, despite a slight increase in the Cd-value, the reduction in frontal area as a consequence of removing the cockpit roof resulted in an overall reduction in the car's aerodynamic drag.
Since its inception, it has followed largely the same format (though expanded for larger crowds and included bigger name bands): providing entertainment aimed at the motorcycle riding fraternity, including live rock music, beer tents, motorcycle racing, drag racing and stunt riding demonstrations.
The street was the site of the El Cajon Boulevard Riot in August 1960, also known as the Drag Strip Riot, considered one of the first major youth riots of the 1960s.
As is common with songs often sung from memory, this has been recorded with other verses and minor differences in lyrics, such as in the third verse: "From the drag to the chase, from the chase to the view" and "From a view to a death in the morning":
Both turrets had a 360-degree field of fire, although the ventral turret produced excessive aerodynamic drag when extended and was recommended for use only in emergencies.
She went back to the place where the assault had taken place, noticing what appeared to be drag marks going towards a bush.
Students can join several clubs during their tenure at UNOH such as the Race Club, Off-road Club, American Marketing Association, Optimist Club, Rotaract Chapter, Drag Club, and many more.
Examples of such identities are drag queens, gay teenagers, bisexual men, and other individuals whose sexualities and gender identities reside in the periphery of society.
May 10: The first Canadian play about and starring a drag queen, Hosanna by Michel Tremblay, is performed at Théâtre de Quat'Sous in Montreal.
October 31: For the first time, a police presence protects gay spectators and drag queens from anti-gay harassment at the annual Hallowe'en show at Toronto's St. Charles Tavern.
September 3: Priyanka is announced as the first season winner of Canada's Drag Race.
The first drag night is a success until Pete Beale (Peter Dean) starts heckling the performer.
John performs several more drag evenings in The Vic.
When deployed, the radiator significantly increased the drag on the aircraft, but increased engine performance and reliability.
Greg Anderson, drag racer, Pro Stock NHRA champion
The practice is most commonly employed by transgender women, as well as AMAB non binary persons and men who do drag, or otherwise desire a more androgynous appearance.
It previously hosted 1/4 mile drag racing events and featured a cement launch pad and paved staging area.
 Tatianna, American drag queen and reality personality
Cable carriers, also known as drag chains, energy chains, or cable chains depending on the manufacturer, are guides designed to surround and guide flexible electrical cables and hydraulic or pneumatic hoses connected to moving automated machinery.
There are 9 green runs, 10 blue runs, 18 red runs, and 6 black runs, as well as 2 gondolas, 10 chairlifts, and 8 drag lifts.
There are a few nightclubs in Port Moresby that have "gay nights" and small drag parties, mainly in Hanuabada, which has been described as a "gay village" and a sanctuary for local LGBT people.
The SM.93 made its maiden flight on 31 January 1944, and up to 29 March 1944 the SM-93 had made 16 test-flights with speeds up to  achieved in a dive, demonstrating the low drag and clean aerodynamics.
The ceiling was improved to 5,500 m (18,045 ft), but the greater drag and weight reduced the maximum speed to 205 km/h (127 mph), and the endurance to only six hours.
Top engine builders compete to see whose motor will hold or blow up in a hot lap drag race.
Using the setting of a classic 1950s drag race, PINKS pits contestants in a best two-out-of-three format, with the loser handing over the title (pink slip) to his or her vehicle.
It has a V-shaped ulnare in the wrist for articulation with the metacarpus which allowed greater flexion during upstroke, important in small-bodied fliers for decreasing drag.
Some of the series and projects CBC Arts has produced include 21 Black Futures,  Art 101, Art Hurts, Big Things Small Towns, Canada's a Drag, The Collective, Crash Gallery, Exhibitionists, The Filmmakers, Interrupt This Program, The Move, Super Queeroes and The 2010s: The Decade Canadian Artists Stopped Saying Sorry.
Flügge-Lotz retired in 1968 at age 65, but continued to conduct research on satellite control systems, heat transfer, and high-speed vehicle drag.
 LD – Low drag, Line of Departure
Due to the resulting lower aerodynamic drag, the Ca.313 was capable of more speed for the same power.
These improvised carriages lacked recoil buffers and hence in action drag shoes and attachment of the carriage by cable to a strong point in front of the gun were necessary to control the recoil.
In addition, as mentioned above, with the bolt at rest, empty chamber and the full magazine the grip safety prevents accidental discharge of the weapon drag.
To better use the power of the Coventry Climax engine, it was designed, as usual, for low weight and low drag, relying on a space frame.
Pacific Raceways is a motorsports venue which has hosted the Northwest Nationals of the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series and a round of the Trans-Am Series.
The drag coefficient is a common measure in automotive design as it pertains to aerodynamics.
The drag coefficient of an automobile measures the way the automobile passes through the surrounding air.
Aerodynamic drag increases with the square of speed; therefore it becomes critically important at higher speeds.
There are many different ways to reduce the drag of a vehicle.
Lowering the drag coefficient comes from streamlining the exterior body of the vehicle.
While roof racks are very useful in carrying extra storage on a vehicle, they also increase the frontal area of the vehicle and increase the drag coefficient.
In order to achieve the lowest possible drag, air must flow around the streamlined body of the vehicle without coming into contact with any areas of possible turbulence.
Flat spoilers, possibly angled slightly downward may reduce turbulence and thereby reduce the coefficient of drag.
Side mirrors both increase the frontal area of the vehicle and increase the coefficient of drag since they protrude from the side of the vehicle.
It is estimated that two side mirrors are responsible for 2 to 7% of the total aerodynamic drag of a motor vehicle, and that removing them could improve fuel economy by 1.5–2 miles per US gallon.
This mitigates the amount of drag by decreasing the frontal area of the blade.
The application of new parts and concepts onto the vehicle design are easier to include when in the design stage of a vehicle, rather than in aftermarket (automotive) parts, however, the fabrication of these parts assists in the streamlining of the vehicle and can help greatly reduce the drag of the vehicle.
In a streamlined design the air flows around the vehicle rather than through; however, the grille of a vehicle redirects airflow from around the vehicle to through the vehicle, which then increases the drag.
This design can actually create too much airflow into the engine compartment, preventing it from warming up in a timely manner, and in such cases a grille block is used to increase engine performance and reduce vehicle drag simultaneously.
Much like smooth wheel covers this modification reduces the drag of the vehicle by preventing any air from becoming trapped in the wheel well and assists in streamlining the body of the vehicle.
Therefore, it plays a crucial role in reducing drag.
Boattails create a teardrop shape that will give the vehicle a more streamlined profile, reducing the occurrence of drag inducing flow separation.
Various other characteristics affect the coefficient of drag as well, and are taken into account in these examples.
Average full-size passenger cars have a drag area of roughly .
The drag area of a bicycle (and rider) is also in the range of .
To minimise drag, these types have a fuselage and long narrow wings, i.e.
Later the similar but more powerful Praga B2 was fitted and from 1936 this was replaced in turn by the four-cylinder Praga D producing 49/55 kW (65/74 hp), with each pair of exposed cylinders merged into a single housing for lower drag.
 Sasha Velour, class of 2009 – winner of RuPaul's Drag Race (season 9)
A grade of 2½ out of 5 was given by Hysteria Lives!, which said "It may drag, but for what Scream Bloody Murder lacks in genuine thrills it makes up for with the kind of unpredictability you only seem to get with low-budget 70s horror, where it always feels that anything might happen".
Often played in drag.
 Tyra Sanchez, drag queen, reality television personality
The ferry range to Spain in 1936 was an example of the relatively short range of the aircraft, perhaps caused (as was the low speed) by drag.
Drag Queen Story Hour
Sister Roma is an American drag queen activist, gay pornography director, fundraiser, entertainer and event host/emcee.
In 2003, Roma's drag act was incorporated into Ronnie Larsen's play Sleeping With Straight Men with Mink Stole in San Francisco.
During the winter, as a group of men attempted to drag the bell across the frozen lake, the weight of the bell cracked the ice and it sank to the bottom.
They take him out to a remote bridge area, accuse him of being short, and drag him out of the car where the proceed to beat him.
It was finally released on 16 November 1998 on the Drag City label.
V8 engines have been used in many forms of motorsport, from Formula One, IndyCar and NASCAR circuit racing, to Top Fuel drag racing.
The engines used in Top Fuel and Funny car drag racing are typically based on the aluminum-conversion Chrysler 426 Hemi engine and run on highly explosive nitromethane fuel.
And the Devil Will Drag You Under (1979) is a comic fantasy by American writer Jack Chalker involving an alcoholic demon and two humans he summons to collect the pieces of a mystic artifact that the demon requires to save Earth from an asteroid on a collision course.
However this added weight and drag with a commensurate effect on performance.
In place of the Overfall he constructed three shallow sluices and one deep scouring sluice, between the harbour and the New Cut, together with a dredging vessel, known as a drag boat, to scrape the silt away from the quay walls.
I Like to Watch is a 2019 American web series hosted by drag queens Trixie Mattel and Katya Zamolodchikova.
It features The Vivienne from the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK in a similar format to the American version, joined by various guests.
Regrouping at the Red Jinn's palace, Yankee procures a net and attaches it to Jinnicky's jinrikisha as a drag net, using it to capture Badmannah and lower him to the bottom of the Nonestic Ocean.
The storm had blown down telephone, telegraph, and electrical lines in front of the Point Allerton station making it impossible to drag out the station's second beach rescue apparatus.
Furthermore, the wing angle was established at 10 degrees, and the wicker height was set at  to add drag.
In a June 2007 autobiographical comic strip, where she discusses future plans, she states, "I'm going to make the leap from living with my Pentecostal grandparents to living with drag queen roommates.
He began drag racing as a teenager.
Rob Sheffield from Rolling Stone commented: "On the album, OneRepublic get to assert their own identity, which is a drag, since the half-loud guitars and sob-in-the-throat vocals could be absolutely anybody."
The P.119 was designed (in 1939), to minimise drag by fitting the engine in mid-fuselage in a similar layout to the P-39 Airacobra.
It replaced the Claremont Speedway which was run at the Claremont Showground from 1927, and the Ravenswood Raceway Drag Racing strip.
Motorvation, an annual car show in January, presents "supercruises" (display-only parades), elite car exhibitions, drag racing challenges, burnout competitions and a "Miss Motorvation" beauty contest.
John Zappia is a drag racing competitor from Perth, Western Australia.
 Big John Mazmanian (1926–2006), American drag racer
The single's music video featured drag performer Shirley Q.
 Pavement at Drag City Records
He frantically fights them but dies; they drag him to the floor as the house burns down around him.
No Age's fourth studio album, Snares Like a Haircut, was released by Drag City on January 26, 2018.
On January 26, 2018, they released their fourth album on Drag City, entitled, Snares Like a Haircut.
 Drag Thing (Wildside Press 2007) by Victor J. Banis
In 2008, Dee released her third official studio album (and her Drag City debut), Safe Inside the Day.
Theoretical advantages of the tailless configuration include low parasitic drag as on the Horten H.IV soaring glider and good stealth characteristics as on the Northrop B-2 Spirit bomber.
This extra surface causes additional drag requiring a more powerful engine, especially at high speeds.
This reduces the overall efficiency of the wing, but for many designs - especially for high speeds - this is outweighed by the reductions in drag, weight and cost over a conventional stabiliser.
But the drag inherent in a high angle of attack is generally regarded as making the design inefficient, and only a few production types, such as the Fauvel and Marske Aircraft series of sailplanes, have used it.
The bell-shaped lift distribution this produces has also been shown to minimise the induced drag for a given weight (compared to the elliptical distribution, which minimises it for a given span).
Bowers developed a quantitative analysis of the lifting characteristics, leading to his more general discovery of a bell-shaped lift distribution which minimises induced drag for the aircraft weight.
Since the closing of Surfers Paradise International Raceway following the 1987 Winternationals, the popular event, one of the largest drag racing festivals in the southern hemisphere, moved to the circuit in 1988.
He made a March 2018 appearance as a guest judge in an episode of the VH1 reality-television series RuPaul's Drag Race.
It definitely won't drag.
He also released a song and music video with RuPaul's Drag Race season 9 contestant, Eureka O'Hara called "Body Positivity"'.
We cannot allow Saddam Hussein to drag things out until the summer.
 Cross-browser drag & drop support for file uploads/changes, and Follow/Share buttons
The basic design principle is that the closer the wing operates to an external surface such as the ground, when it is said to be in ground effect, the less drag it feels.
This type-2 tandem design is a major improvement during takeoff, as it creates an air cushion to lift the craft above the water at a lower speed, thereby reducing water drag, which is the biggest obstacle to successful seaplane launches.
GEVs are also much faster than surface vessels of similar power, because they avoid drag from the water.
 Drag Harlan (1920) - Luke Deveny
Drag City catalog Moebius Plank Thompson - Ludwig's Law  Retrieved September 28, 2007.
(RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars), a television episode
When she is knocked out cold, he tries to drag her by her hair to bring her to his room.
Almost alone, the ex governor Madariaga fled to Paraguay and directed himself to Asunción, where he planned to drag President López into the war against Rosas.
Shimada has often used drag in her artwork to explore gender roles, considering it a medium through which she can better understand the construction of her own position in society.
 Nina Andresen Borud as Hege Drag (as Nina Andresen)
He enlisted multiple artists to work on the project, including Giant Drag, Lavender Diamond, Winter Flowers and Chapin Sisters.
Indie rock band Giant Drag confirmed on their official website that they were recording Madonna's "Oh Father" for the release.
before referees drag him away.)
Low weight and low aerodynamic drag made the W194 fast enough to be competitive in endurance races.
The Hampton Downs Motorsport Park is situated in rural northern Waikato (about halfway between Auckland and Hamilton on the Waikato Expressway), New Zealand near the Meremere drag strip and the dirt track club.
The Spey gave an increase of 10% in operational range, 15% increase in ferry range and better low-level acceleration, however the increased drag of the engine installation resulted in poorer performance at high altitude.
Oceanographic equipment: trawling and drag nets, screws, sounding equipment, water bottles and thermometers
Titan's lower gravity means that its atmosphere is far more extended than Earth's; even at a distance of 975 km, the Cassini spacecraft had to make adjustments to maintain a stable orbit against atmospheric drag.
Coulter is conspiring with Asriel to destroy him; the two sacrifice their lives to drag Metatron into an abyss between the universes to ensure that he can never threaten Lyra again.
A Munny sticker is on the dashboard of Christine Brown's car in the film Drag Me to Hell.
Other shows may feature celebrity interviews (live or by phone), cocktail recipes, or "how to" sessions, such as "How drag queens lip sync and put on makeup".
In September 2000, Fernós, identifiable around Chicago by his distinctive blue hair, gained notoriety as a 'fire-eating drag princess' and performed as part of the Radical Faeries of Chicago at Chicago's HotHouse.
Reggie Showers (born February 6, 1964) was a two-time motorcycle drag racing world champion in the IDBA as a double amputee,  and a motivational speaker.
The next day, 7 May 1864, the tug was ordered to drag the river above Chaffin's Bluff.
Phillip Raymond Ford (born May 31, 1961 in San Rafael, California) is a stage and film producer, director and entertainer who served most of the 1980s as "honorary straight man" in the legendary San Francisco drag troupe Sluts A-Go-Go.
On July 16, 1905, the Leroy Trio, made up of drag performer Gene Leroy, and two teenage singers, Johnnie Morris and Julius Marx, performed at the Ramona Theatre, which was Groucho Marx's professional debut.
GayNZ.com featured a variety of articles profiling a diverse range of LGBT New Zealanders, including Members of Parliament, people with disabilities, drag queens, Kiwis of various ethnic backgrounds, and local celebrities.
Imperial Drag was the only studio album released by the group.
Strain relief components are also used in applications where cables, conduits and hoses are exposed to constant dynamic stress (cable carriers / drag chains).
Unlike a drag show, Medlyn does not try to convince anyone they are seeing Beyoncé.
The emphasis was on minimizing drag and mass.
However, some whales may make use of the barnacles as protective armor or for inflicting more damage while fighting, which would make the relationship mutualistic where both parties benefit; alternatively, some species may just increase the drag that the host experiences while swimming, making the barnacles parasites.
Xenobalanus can more easily grow on sick skin with a weakened immune system, and younger individuals tend to have larger infestations presumably because they are less resistant; further, given it has a stalk, it increases the drag felt by the host and may be considered parasitic in that sense.
Even at this early stage, the company was producing a wide variety of agricultural equipment, and alongside the bench drill were corn drills, turnip drills, four types of horse hoe, drag harrows, a 3 hp threshing machine, a barley hummeller and sundry other devices.
The drag can be lowered by orienting the solar arrays in "sun slicer" mode, where they fly edge-on to the orbital direction, rather than tracking the sun, however, this orientation reduces the power produced.
In this mode, the drag is minimized, however, the power output is reduced from the full power available.
 She Came in Drag (1999)
The character begins by narrating the present state of his life:  his unrewarding, superfluous bureaucratic job, the relative wealth he enjoys, and his successes in the drag queen beauty contests.
Drag racer Casey Alfonso experiences blurred vision and distorted hearing following a race.
An interesting but poorly understood feature of the Tselina-2 system is that the satellites are placed into orbits that interact strongly with features of the Earth's gravitational field ("14th order harmonics") in such a way that the natural orbital decay caused by atmospheric drag is inhibited for long periods of time.
Palmer Fleming: June's ex-husband whom she witnesses dancing with a scantily clad young man at a Drag Ball.
This happens when Hall and Lillie are rumoured to be at the Drag Ball.
Gordon and Saffron also opened the first drag club in Australia, the Jewel Box Revue Club in Darlinghurst.
He tells her about a fantasy he has in which he uses the rifle to kill a deer, then drag it to a tree where he skins, dresses and carves the animal and then returns to a cabin in the woods where a woman cooks the meat for his dinner and watches him eat it.
The following morning, the British, unable to drag the grounded Acteon off the sandbar, set fire to the ship to prevent her from falling into enemy hands.
Moments later Ljungberg beat his marker and crossed the ball into the penalty area, only for Bergkamp to drag his shot wide.
Traditionally, the Sami transported the whole disassembled structure by having their domesticated reindeer being used as a pack animal to carry or drag the poles while following their reindeer herd.
That soon changed as he found out how much it cost to make a fast drag car.
A prominent Nigerian Muslim cleric, Sheikh Hussaini Yusuf Mabera, threatened to drag Joshua to court for "describing Jesus Christ as God".
To hide his true identity, Jack dresses in drag and poses as Sylvia Coco.
But there are a lot of minor issues that really drag it down.
Compared to Microsoft Project, which it closely emulates, OpenProj has a similar user interface (UI), and a similar approach to construction of a project plan: create an indented task list or work breakdown structure (WBS), set durations, create links (either by (a) mouse drag, (b) selection and then button-down, or (c) manually type in the "predecessor" column), assign resources.
The Frank clones seize both Manhog and the remaining monster carcasses and drag them into the river, where they all disappear.
The war was to drag on for nearly twenty years, but eventually at the Battle of Kleidon the Bulgarian forces were completely defeated.
The shapes are instead mathematically derived streamlined bodies of revolution for the purpose of minimizing drag.
In eyed needles, the thread protrudes from the needle body on both sides, and at best causes drag.
Beside that, files can be moved via drag and drop.
The classic ukiyo-e print by Andō Hiroshige (Hōeidō edition) from 1831–1834 depicts the main street of the post town at dusk, with aggressive female touts (for which the post station was infamous) attempting to drag travellers into teahouses and inns for the night.
A number of standard production F-104 Starfighters were obtained (including F-104D two-seat versions) and used by the ARPS to simulate the low lift/high drag glide approach path profiles of the X-15 and the projected X-20 Dyna-Soar program.
As the horses drove the winch, the rope would drag the mole plough across the field, digging a drainage channel and inserting a length of drainage pipes.
Like the Windows Forms designer it supports the drag and drop metaphor.
The user can drag nodes, taps any node to display it in detail, with a panel to scroll to read the contents of the section.
If it is necessary to move the tremie laterally, it is better to lift it out vertically, plug it and start a new pour at the new position than to drag it sideways through freshly placed concrete.
Any slight loss in thrust due to stacking was accepted since there was less drag when gliding.
Around the same time, he began appearing in drag shows at a notorious Reykjavík nightclub.
Aerodynamic particle size Hydrodynamic or aerodynamic particle size equals the diameter of the sphere that has the same drag coefficient as a given particle.
Silver Jew at Drag City
The water returns to the sea by upward flow through holes at levels below the transient phreatic surface in the underlayer, causing the downslope disturbing drag force to be reduced.
The selection of LeMay proved a disastrous drag on the campaign and was dubbed the "LeMay fiasco" internally.
Other terms have been invented and are used in South America in an attempt to further distinguish it from cross-dressing, drag, or pathologizing connotations.
Killer Drag Queens on Dope is a 2003 low budget comedy written, produced, and directed by Lazar Saric.
Grygelko's mother is Icelandic, and having been born in the U.S., he lived in Iceland in the 1980s; he named his drag character after the Icelandic volcano Hekla.
Trannyshack is the longest running drag event series in San Francisco.
Heklina co-stars in a series of short films, the "Tran-ilogy of Terror", drag queen horror spoofs written and directed by long-time collaborator Peaches Christ., and also starred in the film "Baby Jane?".
The drag reduction occurred in the drafting is due to a reduction in flow speed in the wake of a leading vehicle, reducing the amount the flow needs to accelerate to move around the body, reducing pressure in front of the trailing vehicle.
This can also be understood somewhat tautologically through the common drag equation for a body , where  is the experimentally obtained unitless number,  is the density of the fluid medium through which the object travels,  is the cross-sectional area normal to the direction mean flow, and  is the speed of the mean flow.
In juxtaposition, the drag reduction felt by trailing agents in formation flight may be thought more of as the trailing agents "surfing" on the vortices shed by wings of leading agents, reducing the amount of force needed to stay in the air.
This vortex acts to change the direction of the flow for trailing aircraft, increasing the lift over a segment of the wing and allowing for a reduction in induced drag by lowering its angle of attack.
Studies of birds have shown that the V formation can greatly enhance the overall aerodynamic efficiency by reducing the drag and thereby increasing the flight range.
Van Valkenburgh had a regular column in Racecar Engineering Magazine and also freelanced for magazines such as Road & Track, Corvette Fever, Grassroots Racing, and Drag Racer.
The "machine" mutates people into barely intelligent killing drones, known as "mutants", that drag new victims to the machine for conversion.
Feinberg has authored two non-fiction books, Trans Liberation: Beyond Pink or Blue and Transgender Warriors: Making History, the novel Drag King Dreams, and Rainbow Solidarity in Defense of Cuba, a compilation of 25 journalistic articles, and has been awarded an honorary doctorate from Starr King School for the Ministry for transgender and social justice work.
The major financial issues that brought on the shocking '97 season and the sale of its stake in the 1st League to Piráti Chomutov was such a major setback for the team, that it took 10 years for HC Slovan to drag itself from the very bottom of the 2nd league back up among the top national teams.
Amid thunder and lightning, a horde of devils drag Alexander to Hell.
The enzymes catalyzing the ribosylation are called DraG and DraT.
A 1987 study speculated that this is done after falling five stories to ensure the cat reaches a terminal velocity by thereafter relaxing and spreading their bodies to increase drag.
A motorcycle fairing is a shell placed over the frame of some motorcycles, especially racing motorcycles and sport bikes, with the primary purpose to reduce air drag.
Although motorcycles generally have a much higher power-to-weight ratio than cars, bikes – and particularly the rider – are much less streamlined and the effects of aerodynamic drag on motorcycles are very significant.
It dramatically reduced the frontal drag, but it was banned by Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM) from racing in 1958, because it was thought that the frontal point of wind pressure made them highly unstable even with small amounts of yaw.
If the rider is sitting up at speed he will be buffeted by his rapid progress through the air and act as a parachute, slowing the bike, while if the rider lies flat on the tank behind the windscreen he generates much less aerodynamic drag.
Notre-Dame-du-Nord is best known as the home of an annual truck drag race event called Rodéo du Camion (Truck Rodeo) which is held over the August Civic Holiday of each year, which brings over 650 trucks and 60,000 spectators to the town each year.
Chris Smither covered this song on his 1972 release Don't it Drag On, and again on his 1991 release Another Way to Find You.
Winglets at the tips reducing both induced drag and providing yaw stability.
In 2020, Dutch Drag act RisQGay released a single entitled The Greatest Latino Lover (a cover version and mashup of Latino Lover by Loona and You're the Greatest Lover by Luv').
Murray Hill is a New York City comedian and drag king entertainer.
Hill is a frequent emcee in Lower Manhattan of such events as the annual "Ms. Lez" competition, a bingo night with co-host drag queen Linda Simpson, and a variety of burlesque and theater performances.
This in turn generated a chronic budget deficit, a high tax regime, and a rapid increase in public debt – all of which created a drag on the economy.
Events there included impersonations, skits, drag queen performances, and a male beauty pageant, Mr. U.S.
This resulted in an increase in the aerodynamic downforce generated by the wing, without a concomitant increase in drag.
At the Canadian Grand Prix tweaks were also made to the flip-up flaps in front of the rear wheels, to reduce drag.
Timothy Wilcots, American drag performer who performs under the name Latrice Royale
Sam takes a leisurely drive to work in what appears to be a caricature of a shoddy Ford Model T. Behind him, Ralph speeds past in a drag racer.
The rebel group then entered a parade float in the first Eugene Celebration Parade shaped like a giant Slug with the first Slug Queen, a man named Bruce Gordon, riding in drag on it.
Mick Fleetwood appears in drag on the cover.
drag acting on the jet surface) and/or by the internal turbulence forces within the jet (e.g.
Her favorite day of shooting was with a group of drag queens at a gay cabaret, but she said that filming Norah's first orgasm was "really uncomfortable... Really, really."
Thereon in, it's a race against time as Custer tries to find a suitable bride to impregnate while Selby's girls pose as cat burglars, 'lost' neighbours and even drag up as meter inspectors in order to catch lure Custer into temptation.
He broke his elbow while racing, so he decided to modify and tune a Nissan Skyline specifically for drag racing.
Craig Paisley, another pioneer of sport compact drag racing, also used a nitrous-assisted Supra, his first sport compact, to compete in the same category.
After years of competing in other cars, in 2002, HKS returned with the Mk IV version of the HKS Drag Supra, driven by Tetsuya "Dryhopp" Kawasaki, its 4.0 liter 1UZ-FE V-8, equipped with two prototype HKS GT3540 turbos, HKS rods and billet crank and  stock valves, producing in total of .
Many cars that appeared in the series also appeared in the NDRA (NOPI Drag Racing Association) BF Goodrich Tires Pro Street Tire Series.
Matt Andrews and Al Rhee piloted Curtis Chen's Mk IV Supra in the road racing and drag racing tests representing Super Street Magazine for the 2010 Castrol Syntec Top Car Challenge.
He was one of the three men with the will-power to drag Mackintosh and Hayward to safety.
This pump, which utilised the drag of air molecules against a rotating surface, achieved vacuums as great as one millionth of a centimetre of mercury, was subsequently manufactured by the notable French scientific instrument maker, Charles Beaudouin.
Consequently, Van Guitt has the protagonists drag his caravan of cages to the nearest railway station.
He compiled the footage into a 1976 film titled The Blank Generation, which features the Ramones, Talking Heads, Blondie, New York Dolls, Television, and drag queen Jayne County, before they had record deals.
He returned again to drag another man to safety but on his third foray he and the woman he was rescuing were swamped by a wave and disappeared.
Hot Snakes - Recorded some vocals, organ (played/recorded) and guitar for the track "Audit In Progress" on Swami records @ Drag Racist
Parasite Drag (world premiere)
 Cope and drag, the top half of a mold used in sand casting
Even during the war, and especially after the war, infamous and lying propagandists have been able to make use of all the unfortunate events connected to the Third Reich and also with the SS to destroy and drag through the mud all of what was and is sacred to us.
It was only a temporary peace and hostilities would lead to the Battle of Grunwald in 1410 and would drag until the Treaty of Melno in 1422.
It is demonstrated to be able to capture some of the most important polymeric flow behaviors such as polymer turbulence drag reduction and shear thinning.
Perlekar P, Mitra D, Pandit R. Manifestations of drag reduction by polymer additives in decaying, homogeneous, isotropic turbulence.
The car is relatively aerodynamic with a drag coefficient, Cd, of 0.29.
 Tom Hammonds (born 1967), American professional basketball player and drag racer
A northwest-trending cross fault is accompanied by drag folding of a chert-magnetite iron formation unit southeast of Cooke Lake.
Wainwright never intended to impersonate Garland or create a drag act, but rather to inhabit the songs and expose them to a new generation.
On May 4, 2015, The Real Housewives was parodied during the tenth episode in the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
On October 27, 2016, a scene from The Real Housewives of New York City, featuring Aviva Drescher throwing her prosthetic leg, was parodied by Alaska Thunderfuck 5000 during the reunion for the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
when she works as a bartender, and whose body can grow spikes, work together as Mr. 1 and  Mr. 2 Bon Clay, being a drag queen, serves as his own partner.
While Pitchfork Media wrote that the album "...offers a better introduction to Songs: Ohia than the last couple of proper albums, which seemed like transitional or exploratory releases", The Wires reviewer was underwhelmed, feeling that the disc "[s]till sounds like the work of someone desperate to gain the approval of the Drag City clique".
German pilots complained about this as it created drag and reduced the performance of their aircraft.
In addition to the dimple tread pattern mentioned above, at least one tire has an extra "wing" to cover the gap between the tire sidewall and the wheel rim and reduce drag.
In May, the same channel posted a Pride Parade-themed song that was performed by Drag Queen Nina West.
 Desmond Napoles, drag performer 
Once the LIMRV had accelerated to desired velocity, the engines were throttled back so that the thrust equaled their drag.
He uses his chain to drag down those who unwarily go swimming too late to his realm at the bottom of the sea.
Akin began his racing career in 1957, competing in outboard boat racing and in drag racing in 1957 and 1958.
The crowd attempted to drag him from his chariot during the celebration of his triumph, but Claudia interposed herself between her father and the attackers and accompanied her father up to the capital.
Ariel Versace (born 1992) contestant on season 11 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In the bathhouse, Gaetano stumbles across an assortment of oddball characters, including a rabid chubby chaser, go-go boys, a squeaky-voiced detective, and Googie Gomez, a third-rate entertainer with visions of Broadway glory who mistakes him for a famous producer and whom he mistakes for a man in drag.
Rudolph Grey's "Nightmare of Ecstacy" states that Ed Wood worked as a stunt double in drag and falls off a moving coach.
Professor X rallies the freed psychics to combine their powers and drag Apocalypse out of the Axis and into the present where, without his Lazarus Chamber, Apocalypse ceases to exist.
Torque is applied through a calibrated spring to a disk or bob spindle immersed in test fluid and the spring deflection measures the viscous drag of the fluid against the spindle.
native Kurt Gagne, East Coast Snocross (ISOC's eastern affiliate) will sanction eight points-paying events in 2019, along with one ice drag event.
Even though the demons drag him into hell, Guthlac continues to sing his worship to God.
This can affect the lifting ability of a flight surface to counteract its drag and subsequent free fall.
There is also the story of Scobie's demise: he has gone in drag to the harbour and is beaten to death by sailors, whom he might have tried to "pick up"; one of the first descriptions of "Hate Crimes" against homosexuals in Modern British Literature.
The area also includes a 402.33 metre (1/4 mile) drag racing strip.
During the retreat, several men from the regiment manage to drag two guns from the battery three miles to the ford over the river.
The difference between drag conveyors, scraper conveyors, and flight conveyors largely depends on whether the chain links have obvious flights or paddles attached.
The lower body included a full undertray to reduce the drag coefficient of the vehicle.
1LT Varner escaped his burning tank and managed to drag several crewmen to safety and provide first aid.
This movement of the A domain exerts a downward push on M3-M4 and a drag on M1-M2, forcing the pump to open at the luminal side and forming the E2P state.
Twin Infinitives is the first full-length album released under Chicago independent label Drag City.
The untitled third album by Royal Trux was released on October 5, 1992, by Drag City.
It was released in 1993 on Drag City.
The track also incorporates a drag strip; although this is not used for timed segments, it does feature in some challenges and other features on the show.
It is known that in the actual game there are options to race on the full track, race both of the rings in separate races and race on Top Gears drag race mile.
Drag is the first full-length album by the Red Aunts.
In 1959, he guest-starred (under the name "Richard Miles") on Perry Mason as defendant Jimmy Morrow in "The Case of the Spanish Cross" and in 1962 on Straightaway as Vernon in the episode "The Drag Strip."
It was released as an LP by Drag City in 2003.
Jean Genet’s The Maids  was presented in drag on a double bill with Purity – a study in censorship  by David Mowat .
This drag strip sanctioning offers ARP racers opportunities in the NHRA Summit Racing Series, NHRA Summit Racing Jr.
Over the years there have been many voices floating over the drag strip P.A.
The hangars were used for grain storage and the runways for drag racing.
Rolling Stone noted that the video's message was about "being yourself", despite commenting on the absurdities of "dressing up in drag to distract a record executive's secretary or infiltrating a dinner party for world leaders dressed as, more or less, the Jackson 5."
The benefit of the circulation control wing is that no extra drag is created and the lift coefficient is greatly increased.
It was released as a CD and DVD by Drag City in 2005.
It was released as a CD by Drag City in 2006.
It was released as a CD and LP by Drag City in 2007.
It was released as an LP and CD by Drag City in 2001.
It was released as an LP and CD by Drag City in 2002.
The album was released as a CD and double LP by Drag City in 2003.
According to Peterson, his favorite invention was the Morgan Reel, a single-action fly reel named after his father-in-law, Morgan Drake, featuring a unique, infinitely-variable drag mechanism which can never be damaged by sand or grit, superior ergonomics, and the ability to operate either with the characteristic "click" familiar in most fly reels or completely silently.
The boys all play themselves, a second character in drag, and their children.
The second aircraft was modified from the original XV-1 in an attempt to reduce parasitic drag during high-speed forward flight.
The drag Billy and Carlos dolls included Liza Minnelli, Naomi Campbell, Bette Midler, Carmen Miranda, Madonna, Judy Garland, Cher, Dolly Parton, The Queen, Wonder Woman and Marie Antoinette.
The design was pioneered in fighter jets as a way of greatly reducing the sharp drag rise that occurs at transonic speed and supersonic speeds.
Della Woods was inducted into the Michigan Motor Sports Hall of Fame in 1999, and the East Coast Drag Times Hall of Fame in 2015.
The Holston River's unusually low water levels almost immediately stalled the journey, as the party was forced to drag their canoe over exposed shoals and sandbars.
Three different versions of a paperback edition were released on October 16, 1996, that featured Stern dressed as a drag with blonde, brunette and red hair.
As a result, optimizing the design to account for aerodynamic drag, vehicle weight, rolling resistance and electrical efficiency are paramount.
Aerodynamic drag is the main source of losses on a solar race car.
Briefly, the left hand side represents the energy input into the car (batteries and power from the sun) and the right hand side is the energy needed to drive the car along the race route (overcoming rolling resistance, aerodynamic drag, going uphill and accelerating).
This lowers thermal effects on materials further, as well as the wave drag.
Andrew restrains Sophie and attempts to drag her upstairs; she screams and begs for him to let her go until he releases her.
: A drag shovel which can transform into .
The 2020 comedic short film Digging Up Dorothy features a drag queen's obsession with Judy Garland several decades after her death.
The addition of the missile to the B-36 did not increase drag or change the handling characteristics of the bomber.
His innovations include drag racing's first kickout oil pans, Pro Stock strut-style front suspension, and dry sump oiling system, and cool cans, electric water pump fan, gas port pistons, and slick-shift manual transmissions.
He drove hemi-powered Dodges in 1964 and 1965 after Chevy left drag racing early in the 1963 season.
That year he was featured in Time magazine, the first drag racer to experience mainstream national coverage.
He fitted the splay-valve heads in a  engine, used by Larry Kopp to win the 1998 Winston drag championship, and by 1998 national event winners Tim Freeman, Brad Jeter, Johns, Mark Osborne, Scott Perin, and Don Smith.
Jenkins was selected 21 times to the Car Craft all-star drag racing team including winning the "Man of the Year" and "Ollie Award".
Iseman won the 15th overall season and first run of The New Celebrity Apprentice and appeared as one of the contestants in the third episode of RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race to raise funds for the Arthritis Foundation.
As Linda offers her hand to pull him out, he manages to drag her into the big mud puddle.
Their foot is very small, which helps to reduce drag.
Hill had the first run in the four second range (4.990 seconds), which earned him the nickname "Four Father of Drag Racing."
When Hill retired in 1999, he had won 12 national season point championships on land or water, and had won more than 100 trophies in motorcycles and 86 drag events between his land and water careers.
He raced in numerous types of motorcycle racing: cross country, drag racing, hare scramble, motocross, road racing, and short track.
"The power, speed, and acceleration were all things that I had missed since I quit drag racing."
He was the SDBA top pointgetter and won the National Drag Boat Association (NDBA) World Fuel & Gas championship.
In 1982, his Top Fuel hydroplane went  at an NDBA event to set the world's record for a quarter mile water drag at Chowchilla, California.
The series features two races in each of the four major drag boat racing sanctioning bodies.
He purchased Dan Pastorini's Top Fuel car and salvaged the drag boat engine from the bottom of the lake.
They met at a boat drag racing event and were married on Valentine's Day in 1984.
In 2000, he was inducted in Don Garlits' International Drag Racing Hall of Fame.
Featuring high seating h-points measured both off the vehicle floor as well as the pavement and a 0.34 coefficient of drag, the Megagamma used a front engined, front-wheel drive layout based on the Lancia Gamma platform with a Lancia SOHC 2.5 litre flat-4 engine and Bosch L-Jetronic fuel injection.
It was the onset of wave drag that gives rise to the idea of a sound barrier.
One solution to the problem of wave drag is the same that was seen on 1950s jet fighters, the use of wing sweep.
 Drag down to unlock or place an emergency call (Pitt Street Poetry) by Melinda Smith
Discovering she was a Christian, he beat her, and intended to drag her to a pagan temple to sacrifice to Roman gods.
A few days after his birth a search party of high lamas arrived from Drag Riwoche Monastery and declared him one of the candidates for the reincarnation of a high lama who had died the year before.
The man in drag then dances about briefly, making sure that his penis bobs up and down in the air.
The use of drag in The Surprise of a Knight also distances the audience from the performers on screen, Waugh argues.
In 1952, the government began antitrust litigation against ANC which was destined to drag on until the company's demise.
In order to have a court hear his case, Palomino had to drag the two heads with him as he went on a three-to-four day walk to Cusco, where he left the heads with the judge.
The creatures fiercely tear doomed souls from their living bodies and drag them down into hell.
The practice was increasingly viewed as corrupt and a drag on unfastening the ties between private sector and state which prevent economic and political reforms.
After atmospheric entry, a non-powered spacecraft will land in an area depending upon entry angle, entry mass, atmosphere and drag.
However, the existing MK 5 bomb would have produced excessive drag and the MK 7, already deployed by F-84 units, was restricted to a maximum carriage speed of Mach 0.82, prohibiting full use of the high-speed performance of the Voodoo.
U. S. Drag was presented by the Connecticut Repertory Theatre Playwrights' Lab (Storrs, Connecticut) in July 1998 in a workshop, directed by Anna Shapiro.
Xarchiver uses the Direct Save Protocol XDS for drag and drop file saving.
A friend once asked him, during one of Massingberd's low moods, what would cheer him up; after some thought, Massingberd replied, "To sing patriotic songs in drag before an appreciative audience."
 Drag and Drop capability for files and emails
The machine was designed as an integrated package with a Peel-type fairing incorporating handlebar blisters which helped to reduce the drag coefficient to 0.39.
A portion of the former airfield was purchased in 1963 by a local businessman, who leased a runway on a year-to-year basis to the “Rod Benders”, a hot rod club to use the runway for drag races.
Kupfernagel purchased the property which had been used for drag racing, and named it “Six Flags Raceway Park”.
Micah Calabrese, formerly of Giant Drag, plays drums on three tracks, including "Think Twice" which also features the noise guitar of David Jones of Nine Black Alps.
The backward path says that as the speed increases there is a friction or drag that counteracts the torque.
Imperial Drag formed in 1994 after keyboardist Roger Joseph Manning Jr.'s previous group, Jellyfish, broke up.
In the 1996 tour, Farmer wears black pants, heels, a masculine dressing gown and a scarf, and four dancers are dressed in disco drag queen, with green, yellow and blue and red wigs.
While the band stayed together and circa 2008 performed with My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult, it is still for Drag Racing that they are best known.
 Drag Racing (Blast First/Rough Trade 12″ E.P.
The runways were used for drag racing between 1958 and 1959.
This still requires a relatively skilled driver, as neither the power brakes or power steering will function, and you must take care to steer wide in sharp corners and never allow the chain to slacken, or it may get jerked and broken, or worse, drag underneath the vehicle and possibly cause damage or even loss of control.
To use the Briefcase, users only need to use Windows Explorer and then drag or copy their files into the Briefcase once.
This feat was accomplished from the years 2000-2003 with the ODBA (Outboard Drag Boat Association).
Marty Logan is listed as one of the notable drag boat racers in history.
Furthermore, he was a four-time Nitrox Cup Champion from 2000–2003, the elite trophy given out by HYDRO DYNAMICS for the premier Unlimited Outboard Drag Boat in the world.
Smaller than the missile proposed by the Germans, it would have had a range of 730 km with a flight time of 927 seconds, a lift to drag ratio of 2.51, and a wing area of 3.31 m².
They drag the prey to a safe location and consume all edible parts of the carcass.
The album's seventh track "Picket Fences" was also given a negative response, finding its tempo to drag.
With less abstracted software, a mouse button's current state (“mouse up” and “mouse down”) is monitored, allowing for modal operations such as drag and drop.
You can upload photos to the photo book with a single click using drag and drop.
She manages to drag Hartright's body away from the flames.
This body plan is an adaptation to being an active predator in a high drag environment.
When nearing his objective he was severely wounded, but he continued to drag himself forward and laid his mines across the road.
In Inanna's Descent into the Underworld, Dumuzid fails to mourn Inanna's death and, when she returns from the Underworld, she allows the galla demons to drag him down to the Underworld as her replacement.
Then the galla demons arrive to drag Dumuzid down into the Underworld as Inanna's replacement.
On that day, in Alemert, Germany, he repeatedly exposed himself to hostile fire in order to drag wounded men to safety.
After doing some street racing, he realized it was too dangerous and started drag racing at a track.
Pinch-hitter Vic Davalillo beats out a 2-strike drag bunt and pinch-hitter Manny Mota follows with a long double off Greg Luzinski's glove.
Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13
In spite of having broken both his legs, Dawkins managed to drag himself towards the plane, where the other men gave him shelter in the wrecked fuselage.
Just as he begins to sing, however, Barnaby appears to drag him back out by the arm to sing in the snow.
To overcome the drag of a radiator (a quite serious issue before the introduction of ethylene glycol), Curtiss incorporated it into the upper wing.
Dixon finished 2009 just two points behind NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Series champion Schumacher.
The main objective of those experiments concerned optimizing the shape and/or parameters through mostly small modifications on the real objects, a "technique" they called experimental optimization, in order to reduce the drag, increase the thrust, and so on.
An often used value for the drag coefficient is .
A general expression for the drag coefficient does not yet exist and the value is unknown for unsteady and non-ideal conditions.
where  is the density,  is the drag coefficient,  is the monthly mean wind and U' is the fluctuation from the monthly mean.
Measurements of the wind stress for such conditions can resolve the issue of the unknown drag coefficient.
Auxiliary battery capacity carried in trailers can increase the overall vehicle range, but also increases the loss of power arising from aerodynamic drag, increases weight transfer effects and reduces traction capacity.
31 May – Danny La Rue, 81, entertainer known for his singing and drag impersonations.
He attacked McInvale for literature that she had mailed out that included a picture of Randolph at an LGBT rights event with a drag queen with text underneath saying "Wrong for our Families," which Randolph took as homophobia.
The Modified Street Class uses die-cast sand drag tyres with slightly smaller shovels.
SET: "(20) Therefore, hear the counsel of HASHEM that He has devised against Edom, and His thoughts that he has conceived against the dwellers of Teman: the youngest of the flock will indeed drag them off; he will indeed devastate their pasture.
Richard Petty, Shirley Muldowney, Don Prudhomme, Bunny Burkett are among some of the great drag racers who raced on the now defunct speedway.
In addition to his animation work, DeGrandis is also noted for his drawings of drag racing cars, which emulate the style of one of DeGrandis' early influences, Ed "Big Daddy" Roth.
The Northern Runway is used as a NHRA drag strip.
Three of them beat Bill with baseball bats and drag him under the wheels of their car.
Since 1978, he was a play-by-play, analyst, reporter, writer, and producer, covering eight Olympic, Pan American and Goodwill Games as well as world championships in 25 different sports including, aerobics, drag boat racing, curling, cycling, and Nordic events, for TNT, ESPN, ABC, CBS, and PBS.
There are proposals to build a fixed 4 seater chairlift and a further drag lift for the 2016/2017 season.
The design reduces waves and drag, which allows a SWATH vessel to "...operate at higher speeds while retaining their characteristic low motions in a seaway".
There are 7 chairlifts and 4 drag lifts with the highest skiing in the domain at 2760m.
When not in steam, the funnel on the auxiliary yacht would be lowered and the propeller feathered to reduce drag.
To counter the prevalent dusty conditions, the Spitfires were fitted with a large Vokes air filter under the nose, which lowered the performance of the aircraft through increased drag.
The drag produced having the landing gear stowed in the up position is higher than in the extended position, and this reduces cruise speed.
hauling a simulated casualty using two different carries: drag and fireman's carry over 75 yards zigzagging through cones
Formally, the distribution of repayments has negative skew: the small principal repayments at the beginning drag down the WAL (mean) more than they reduce the median.
Asian Stuff has praised the series for its plot, saying "the fights don't drag on and that it doesn't resort to repetitive tournament crap".
Ignoring both the pain in his injured useless arm and his comrades' shouts to seek the cover which was only a few yards distant, the valiant rescuer continued his efforts to drag his commander out of range.
Gerstung was wounded while trying to return to friendly lines, but managed to drag himself and his machine gun to safety.
The streamlined form of the body contrasted with previous relatively upright BMWs: drag was presumably reduced further by including a fixed cover over the spare wheel at the back.
A lawsuit between Vaturi and Colony Capital promised to drag on and Colony Capital moved to protect its interests by taking a more active role in the company.
Most LEO satellites use the last of their remaining onboard station-keeping fuel (used to maintain the satellite's orbit against forces like atmospheric drag that gradually perturb the orbit) to execute de-orbit burns and dispose of themselves.
The Mexican appears, now in drag and revealed to be an angel, and tells the guys that the house is actually a portal to hell.
The twigs were first modified by removing side twigs and leaves and then used such that the barbs helped drag prey out of tree crevices.
Frederick, however, caused negotiations to drag on for over a year before an agreement was reached.
Ann Hornaday of The Washington Post said, "There's a certain kooky, kinky fun to be had with Jennifer's Body" but that "[a]dmittedly, this is the stuff of lurid adolescent distraction, not great cinema" and "is strictly a niche item but provides a goofy, campy bookend to Drag Me to Hell (2009) on the B-movie shelf.
The software is designed to be user friendly, and has an easy to use drag and drop interface.
Ubaldo and Carlo restrain Rinaldo, trying to bolster his strength, and ultimately drag him away from her.
Mitchell was deeply influenced by Squeezebox's roster of drag performers who performed rock covers.
This becomes possible when, in her 20s, she meets Luther Robinson, an American soldier ("Sugar Daddy") who convinces her to begin dressing in drag.
RuPaul's Drag Race season 5 winner Jinkx Monsoon also portrayed Hedwig in a Seattle production in 2013.
Reunited with her band, Hedwig performs at Times Square, culminating in a violent removal of her drag.
1999-2000 NHRA Drag Racing - TNN - TV Pit reporter.
During the mid-1968 model year, a drag racer for the street could be ordered with the optional  Cobra Jet engine which was officially rated at  all of these Mustangs were issued R codes on their VINs.
It continued: "Ford, not content to drag the revered Mustang name through the mud...added badges from Ghia, the venerable Italian studio that it had bought, to versions of the Mustang II with partial vinyl roofs and tacky opera windows."
Cobra Jet Mustangs were sold only to professional drag racers and came without a VIN, making it impossible to register them as a road car.
Ford says the changes have resulted in a 14-percent reduction in drag and a 66-percent increase in front-end downforce.
Dorian Corey (1937–1993), American drag performer
As steam propulsion was considered ancillary to sail at this time, the propeller was mounted in a frame which could be hoisted up into the ship when not steaming, reducing drag and improving performance under sail.
The bob-job evolved through the 1950s and 60s in several directions; some were strictly for the popular motorcycle and hot rod show circuit, some had a distinctive  'club bike' style, some reflected drag racing practice, and some were simply a continuation of the original Class C inspiration.
The show features guest appearances from Meryl Streep, Peter Dinklage, Audra McDonald, Bob the Drag Queen, Queer Eye's Fab Five, and Tim Gunn.
The greatest barrier to high altitude kite flights is aerodynamic line drag.
Ability to de-power a kite's lift and drag is a part of sound kite systems.
He believed others' attempts ripped to shreds, because of the drag.
A kite's shape is designed to both block air in the manner of a traditional sail and to function like an aerofoil, resulting in combined forces of lift and drag pulling the boat through the water.
The kite has two parts: wing and kite line; the kite needs mooring to either a mobile or fixed object in order to develop the tension in the kite line that gets converted to lift and drag enabling the kite to fly in its media (air, water, gases, plasma, soil, ice).
It's, like, drag queens are just there."
The field languished for over a decade, used for things such as fireworks displays and drag racing.
Starting racing at 15, Sinan became drag champion in 1998.
The upland location of these forts must have made them beyond reach for enemies who would hardly drag their ships to a location  above sea level.
Ngāti Whātua used to drag waka from Kaiwaka to Mangawhai.
Asia doesn't manage too well, being distracted by Sisely's earlier comments about her dancing like a drag queen.
 Support is provided for drag and drop music collections from PCs and Macs to Telly server Import Music folder in most popular non-DRM formats including MP3, AAC, and Flac
Rudder and centerboard design are open and take high aspect, low drag shapes.
They hold him down while one of them gets a cross, drag him to the cross, and crucify him (complete with crown of thorns,) before burning him on the cross.
Opened in 1960, it is the oldest drag strip in New Jersey.
NHRA Division 1 drag racing venues
Some of the enhancements made include compatibility with Windows Media Player 11, and the infamous Drag n' Drop feature, which allowed the user to transfer Music, Photo and Video files quickly, via windows explorer, (using ID-Tags for the song information i.e.
Goodguys stages 20 annual rod & custom car show events throughout the United States as well as vintage drag races.
From 1994 through 2006 Goodguys staged the West Coast Championship Series which at the time was America's premier points circuit for vintage drag racing.
Over time, the Goodguys March Meet became the world's largest vintage drag race attracting over 600 competitors and a crowd in excess of 50,000.
The events feature gassers and super stockers and hundreds of popular drag machines in vintage trim.
 John Cabell "Bunny" Breckinridge Jr. (1903–1996) Actor and drag queen.
His nonfiction book about Atlanta's LGBTQ civil rights movement, A Night at the Sweet Gum Head: Drag, Drugs, Disco, and Atlanta's Gay Revolution, will be published by W.W. Norton in 2021.
Al Hofmann, 60, American drag racer, heart attack.
The tests began with a drag race; Hammond won easily, Clarkson came second, and May last.
Challenges included a drag race which Hammond lost badly, a dyno run, (which showed Hammond having 269 bhp against the original 296 bhp, and Clarkson with 352 versus 362,) and a return to the forensics lab to establish what contaminants were present in the cars.
Upon arriving in Varadero, Rory and Chris decided to race the locals in a drag race, where both of them lost in a considerably large gap.
Afterwards, to test if the cars can still run straight and true like when they were new, the cars were put on a "no-hands" drag race against the Sandero, where all of the used cars failed the challenge.
Their first challenge is sand drag racing, where they raced each other against The Stig in a Range Rover, which Chris won due to the Vauxhall's light weight, earning himself a parachute ride.
During his years in New York, Huuska performed as a drag queen in nightclubs under the name Cristal Snow.
The rover is destroyed so Kivelsen decides to make a sledge from the rover's parts and drag her partner’s body back to the lander before her air supply runs out.
Marsha P. Johnson (1945–1992), American gay liberation activist and drag queen
The vacuum tank was evacuated by a hand-operated pump to a pressure of around  to prevent changes in atmospheric pressure from affecting the rate of the pendulum, and also to greatly reduce aerodynamic drag on the pendulum, which increased its Q factor from 25,000 to 110,000, thus increasing its accuracy by a factor of four.
Most of Canty's work has been with the bands signed to Dischord Records; however, he has also released music with K Records, Lookout Records, Kill Rock Stars, Matador Records and Drag City.
As a satellite got lower into the atmosphere, drag made it difficult to forecast the ephemeris of the satellite accurately.
The rear fuselage upper decking was removed to accommodate the propeller and reduce drag from prop-wash.
On June 29, 2021, it was announced that Brugel, along with Brad Goreski, would join the judging panel of Canada's Drag Race for its sophomore season after season one judges Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and Stacey McKenzie announced their departures in March and June 2021 respectively.
Stella is brought to a realization of the fact that she is a drag on Laurel who takes after her father.
 "Long Drag Off a Cigarette" (Larry John McNally) – 2:35
Pink Flamingos (1972) Birthday party guest in drag
Through the three colorful protagonists, Chief Showcase, a Native American, Drag Gibson, a white land capitalist, and the Loop Garoo Kid, an African-American cowboy, Reed criticizes the hypocrisy of the American Church, the warping of history to degrade the portrayal of African Americans, and ways the "white man" attempts to destroy the "black man".
As Drag deals with the problems from a deteriorating city, Loop Garoo is saved from being eaten by wild animals by Chief Showcase, a Native American who fights his oppressors through suave and underhanded means.
Drag murders his sixth wife and orders his seventh through the mail-order service.
As Drag continues into a progressively more deteriorating state of mind because of the uncontrollable loss of power and influence around him, Loop Garoo continues to gain influence through his appearance in town, soundly whipping the marshal and pushing the Preacher into the brink of insanity.
He combats the imperialism and monopolistic greed of Drag Gibson and organized religion, casting spells and summoning Loa to assist him.
Drag clashes with Loop Garoo and Neohoodooism until he is finally eaten by Yellow Back Radio's steel-jawed hogs.
Showcase fights back against his oppressors by playing both sides of an escalating conflict between Drag Gibson and the powers in Washington, D.C., working to stir up trouble between the powerful Western landowner and the greedy Federal Government.
Mustache Sal is Drag Gibson's nymphomaniac mail-order bride.
Field Marshal Theda Doompussy Blackwell is a member of the U.S. military brass who schemes with Chief Showcase to take control of Drag Gibson's land.
The Loop Garoo Kid uses Neohoodooism to fight Drag Gibson, a symbol of the intolerance in white culture.
Drag Gibson sets fire to Loop Garoo's circus, killing his associates and forcing him to flee into the desert.
Drag Gibson constantly reads a book entitled The Life of Catherine the Great
Drag Gibson hires John Wesley Hardin to kill the Loop Garoo Kid.
The stainless steel front bumpers / fenders, each in three sections to facilitate replacement, were integrated into the body line in a way that reduced drag and foreshadowed future designs.
 Episode 7 photo shoot: Drag queens
He was a drag racing pioneer and 1961 champion.
He purchased the Purple Car from Ed Lusinski, and used the car to win drag races at many of these tracks.
 Easyriders (U.S.) Oct. 2007: One For The Books: Drag Specialties FatBook Sourced by Jerry Covington
Players touch the enemies and drag them into the air to kill them (Which means you can only play off the TV mode, unlike “World of Goo”).
Woodburn was the first drag strip on the West Coast to use electronic scoreboards.
Excess drag was created by the sponsons, one of which suffered from structural failure.
Testing commenced in August 1937 and revealed a number of serious deficiencies in the design, including that the aircraft was overweight and impossible to control directionally when flying on only one engine as the ailerons caused severe drag tending to turn the aircraft in the opposite direction.
When Overpack asked the farmer the purpose of such large wheels, he answered that he was attaching horses to them to drag logs of felled trees out of his muddy woods.
While searching, Sheldon is attacked by the two demented workers, who drag him to the torture car.
There were a total of five free-flights between August and October; the first three saw Enterprise remain fitted with its aerodynamic tail cone, intended to reduce drag when mounted on the SCA during flight.
The Australian Jazz Quintet at the Varsity Drag (Bethlehem BCP-6012, 1956)
Its landing wheels were on a single axle and the partly-faired legs and trailing drag struts were mounted on the lower fuselage longerons.
And every type came, faggots, cruisers, chickens, old queens, famous antique dealers and young butcher boys, hairdressers and elevator boys, well-known dress designers and drag queens..."
Jonny's Flux Capacitor electric drag car
The VLM models the lifting surfaces, such as a wing, of an aircraft as an infinitely thin sheet of discrete vortices to compute lift and induced drag.
However, lift induced drag can be assessed and, taking special care, some stall phenomena can be modelled.
The C-123Js were equipped with wingtip mounted J-44 jet engines and could handle heavy payloads and also helped offset the drag of the ski modification added to give the aircraft the capability to be operated off frozen runways and icy surfaces.
After a knock down, drag out fight between the two parties, another battle in space even bigger than the first, and the release of all the evidence of corruption gathered and held on to before, the Cosmocrats win the crucial election.
To maintain the required tension against the tape heads and other part of the tape transport, a small amount of drag is placed on the supply reel.
In going down a steep hill Mr. Offield would construct a brake by cutting down a busy-topped sapling, making the butt-end fast to the hind axle of the wagon and leaving the top to drag on the ground."
The squall caused the ship to drag its anchor.
In 1655, a new petition was sent to the King, yet the construction would drag onto the next century.
The preachers of the Gospel are using their talents and energy to extend the Kingdom of Christ; but there are other preachers who, since they profess materialism and reject all hope of eternal happiness, are trying to drag men down to an abject condition.”
Being home to a number of independent record labels such as Touch and Go Records, Thrill Jockey Records, Bloodshot Records, Drag City Records, Victory Records and Hozac Records, Chicago continues to have one of the most active indie scenes in the United States.
Despite this, the Greek people sate their passion for motorsports by organising a wide variety of motorsports, from drag racing to drift.
Then the galla demons arrive to drag Dumuzid down into the Underworld as a replacement for his wife Inanna, who has been rescued from the Underworld by Enki, the Sumerian god of water.
These include drag and frictional forces of the suspension fluid, pressure gradients, and shear stresses.
These points, being even smaller in area than the planing hull of a monohull hydroplane, have even less drag.
Hosted by the drag performer RuPaul, the show had many famous musical guests and was notable as being one of the first national television programs in the United States hosted by an openly gay host.
In an interview in 2007, she defended the decision of prosecuted "D.C. Madam" Deborah Jeane Palfrey to name high-class clients of her erotic service, arguing that, "with the potential to drag many power brokers into the spotlight, Palfrey's revelations could serve as a turning point in the effort to decriminalize prostitution".
Parasitic and respiratory diseases, which could be controlled with proper medical treatment, drag down Paraguay's overall health.
Lowe performed in the noise rock supergroup Singer, playing bass and providing vocals on two albums for Drag City with Todd Rittman and Adam Vida of U.S.
Hart untied the turnbuckle pad but found himself thrown into it, Blackman then jumping out of the ring to drag Hart's neck onto the top rope.
In the calculation of the Stokes' law for the drag that a viscous fluid exerts on a small spherical particle, the velocity distribution obeys Navier-Stokes equations neglecting inertia, i.e.,
Short risks her life to go into the firefight and drag Verbil to safety.
He was already an experienced driver when drag strips began opening in Southern California.
He received the Car Craft All-star Drag Racing Team Ollie Award in 1977.
Some polearms had hooks that could drag an enemy horseman from his mount.
When a fire breaks out in the nursery, the dog risks her life to drag the baby to safety.
Harvey Whippleman holds the distinction of being the only male in WWE's history to hold the now-discontinued Women's Championship having defeated The Kat in a snow bunny match while disguised in drag as Hervina.
After getting hit with the Zonk prize, one of the celebs has to perform in drag.
 Ekman layer – The layer in a fluid where there is a force balance between pressure gradient force, Coriolis force and turbulent drag
 These [works] are the things I have inside that I toss out because there are burdens with which you cannot live or drag along, ...Perhaps that is what my work is about — that after so many years, I realize the disquiet.
When the fishing gear is hauled to the surface, the lines and traps drag along the ocean floor and have the potential to break corals and sponges.
To balance aerodynamic drag on the aircraft, the port wing primary hardpoint usually carried a 100-US-gallon drop tank.
The first season of the show in 2009 has six episodes about jobs as bus driver, stripper, equestrian, dominatrix, model and drag.
In 2006 Harley-Davidson introduced a non-street legal  eight-second drag bike nicknamed "the Destroyer".
A fish can extend these sharp bony spines to protect itself from predators, but can also retract them to decrease drag when swimming.
Low-code interface - tooling allows developers and non-technical users to drag and drop predefined services and integration patterns so business units can self-serve and continuously innovative.
A lifeguard had pitchforked a  jellyfish – whose longest tentacle was  – to try to drag it ashore and dispose of it; however, the dead jellyfish broke apart, releasing its nematocysts on the beach and stinging the crowd in the span of about 20 minutes.
Many of the modifications of the bones within the skull seem to reduce drag and help propel the animal through an aqueous environment while swimming and feeding.
The boat was far too heavy to carry, and it was necessary instead to cut a path through the brush, lay poplar rollers, and laboriously drag the boat overland.
Trying a "glassy water landing", the pilot reduced his descent too late as the left float contacted, created drag and hooked, followed by the right float doing the same, whereupon all control was lost and the aircraft slewed around, flipped over, and sank.
The traditional East Coast opener and the season's first of 16 events for Pro Stock Motorcycle riders and first of 10 for NHRA Get Screened America Pro Mod Drag Racing Series racers moves back to the second spot on the calendar.
45-15164 (5/54) Pink Champagne [8254] // Slow Drag [8255]	             			 
Don't It Drag On is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither, released in 1972.
It was re-released on CD along with Don't It Drag On in 2002.
The designers were asked to make an outfit for a drag queen.
Despite suffering from near inter-cranial injury, Francisco managed escape and drag himself home, where he collapsed in the arms of his grandfather.
At that time he was known as Pema Tumpo, or Pema Tum Drag Dorje.
After graduating from York in 1986, Richards formed a drag troupe, The BoHo Girls.
Kenny Bernstein became the first drag racer to break the 300 mile-per-hour barrier at the track on March 20, 1992, during qualifying for that year's Gatornationals.
A new television compound was constructed for the ESPN crew on the north side of the drag strip, which frees up space in the pit area.
Large, well-developed limbs increase drag on swimming animals, so the limbs of Eupodophis and other early snakes may have become vestigial to save energy and make movement more efficient.
In 1916, during the thick of World War I, a German and a French fighter ace by the names of Gunther von Beckman (Hoffman) and Jo Cavalier (Belmondo) manage to drag each other out of the sky.
During Cher's costume changes, drag performers Kenny Sacha, as Bette Midler and J.C. Gaynor as Diana Ross performed "In the Mood" and "I'm Coming Out" respectively.
Corporal Klinger wants to greet "Big Mac" in his own special way, with a flower girl or geisha outfit just for the occasion, but Lieutenant Colonel Blake refuses, having two MPs drag him out of sight.
eyeOS 1.6 was released on April 25, 2008, and included many improvements such as synchronization with local computers, drag and drop, a mobile version and more.
The town of Berriatua has a rock in the proba toki weighing 5250 kg but hasn't been used since 1950 mainly because today the preference is to see the teams complete more circuits rather than drag larger rocks.
The main slope is served by two drag lifts, suspended from the ceiling thus widening the available piste area and allowing for easier maintenance of the slope.
The EP features six tracks, including two unreleased songs, a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers cover, the 4th re-recording of a song by Wednesday 13's former band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13, and acoustic renditions of two songs from 13's Skeletons album, "My Demise" and "Skeletons".
After contact with the Pre-Raphaelites of England, where he lived for three years and married, and especially of Montalembert's encouragement, he visited again, in company with his wife, all the important galleries of Europe, although he had meanwhile become lame and had to drag himself through the museums on crutches.
The design result, called the LZR Racer, reduced skin friction drag 24% more than the previous Speedo swimsuit.
During the early 1990s, while testing bicycle aerodynamics at the Texas A&M Wind Tunnel, Dan Empfield was introduced to the concept of interference drag between the bicycle fork and the front wheel.
 November 15 – Roberta Leighton, American drag racer
(He had worked very hard to drag himself out of poverty to half-ownership of a paper mill, only to have his partner abscond with all the company funds, so he gave up being a responsible citizen.)
Next let's find the force of drag from the slower lamina.
Stone weapons have been found near the junction of Drag Hill and Sunday Creeks.
The smooth frontal nose and the sharp rear cut tail allows the car to be aerodynamically efficient while reducing drag.
To avoid an immediate need for a vehicle launched at orbital velocity to raise its perigee, a tower would have to extend above the edge of space (above the 100 km Kármán line), but a far lower tower height could reduce atmospheric drag losses during ascent.
Phil Harvey, the band's manager, urged them to include the track in the album, which led to the band to drag it back to the shortlist.
The wing is a supercritical design with a 0.87 to 0.88 drag divergence Mach number depending upon lift coefficient.
Both its landing legs, with prominent shock absorbers, and its rearwards drag struts were mounted on the lower fuselage longerons.
John Cooper is the bar manager, who also plays the resident drag queen known as 'Miss Cara' where at weekends, announces the DJ and welcomes any special guest PAs that may  be taking place.
Written and illustrated by Pete Millar, in the story hot rodders decide to buy and move to Catalina Island to get away from the general public, who see drag racing and car enthusiasts as trouble.
Following a drag race that ends with Dominic's 1970 Dodge Charger getting totalled, Brian hands him the keys to his Toyota Supra, as law enforcement have found out that Toretto has stolen millions in electronics with his crew.
Due to the dependence of air drag on object size and shape, the objects in the moving air column are sorted vertically and can be separated in this manner.
They also help direct flow behind the front wheels, reducing the wake drag created by the wheel profile.
In 2021, it was used as a lip sync song in the second episode of the second season of Canada's Drag Race.
In July 2014, Courtney Act became the first drag performer in history to sing live with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.
They worked for the campaign Support Artists, Support Ethical Manufacturing of the fashion brand, featuring three limited exclusive T-shirts that honors each drag queen's talents and allure.
This speed advantage is achieved since hydrofoils lack a submerged body to provide buoyancy, greatly reducing the drag force.
For the Toronto Star, Craig Macinnis opined that "Cinematically, Highway of Heartache is little more than a pile of kitschy set pieces, which Wild spatters with random bodily fluids then festoons with obese drag queens, erect phalluses and other niceties.
As a result, it is important that the swimmer is fully stretched horizontally in the water, as this will reduce the body's drag through the water and allow a higher speed.
Jesse pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off.
The channel's improved ratings have been driven most significantly by the hit reality series RuPaul's Drag Race, although the channel has also seen ratings success with Sex & Violence, an original drama series created by Canadian film director Thom Fitzgerald.
OutTV has also produced its own short series of weekly commentaries on several seasons of the main series, hosted by Richard Ryder in character as drag queen Wilma Fingerdoo.
Canada's Drag Race was announced to be airing on both services, first premiering on Crave on July 2, 2020.
The remains of the locos drag box have been cut away for replacement and a number of small parts from the loco are also being worked on.
However, the wax-works reappear to drag Bertram, not down to Hell as in Meyerbeer's opera, but instead to a worse fate, to become an exhibit at Madame Tussaud's.
One of the missiles it was carrying was ditched into the ocean to reduce drag, but the other remained stuck on the pylon and could not be released.
Held at Eastern Creek Raceway this was a pre-season race meeting which featured superbikes and drag racing as well as touring cars to complete the Winfield Triple Challenge.
The church is involved with local LGBT events, such as NC Pride, Drag Bingo, and AIDS awareness.
This avoided the drag of an open radiator, but obviously could only cool for as long as the ice lasted.
Higher densities at lower altitudes result in larger drag forces acting on the vehicle.
From the décolletage up they appeared as white drag queens with oversized blonde wigs, with their bodies painted brown and adorned in "tribal" costume.
where  is the dislocation density,  is the length of a dislocation segment,  is the distance between Peierls valleys,  is the magnitude of the Burgers vector,  is the Debye frequency,  is the width of a kink loop, and  is the drag coefficient.
They stop short at the sight of India standing next to Destiny (Allan Louis) a vigilante African American drag queen pointing a gun at them.
Drag racing at the Tianma Circuit
 Street car drag racing
His squadron was still in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba when an American squadron arrived on 27 May 1898 and began a blockade which would drag on for 37 days.
His squadron was still in the harbor of Santiago de Cuba when an American squadron arrived on 27 May 1898 and began a blockade which would drag on for 37 days.Almirante Oquendo and the other ships endured occasional American naval bombardments of the harbor.
 Aurora Stunt and Drag Race Set Commercial — Public Domain, Prelinger Archives.
It was released in 2006 through Drag City.
In 1958, the 18-year-old Simpson broke both arms in a drag racing crash.
Both racers were jailed for the incident, but Simpson Drag Chutes was founded.
- Simpson Introduces Mercury Drag Helmet.
Nomex K introduced in Simpson drag suits.
Bluebeard in Drag (1996, Fremantle Arts Centre Press)
Shadows Fall - "Fear Will Drag You Down" European & Australian release
4292: Donald Byrd - Slow Drag (5/12/67)
He was an unused substitute for the next match, but appeared in every match thereafter, and "single-handedly tred to drag Blues up the pitch" in the final fixture of the season, away to Bristol City, which his team needed to win to avoid relegation.
Trawling can also have a destructive effect on seabed habitats as the trawler beams drag along the floor can uproot plants and destroy reefs.
In order to keep the aerodynamic drag low, only three air-inlets were utilised: one in each flank in addition to that integrated into the nose.
The front spoiler and the rear wing controlled the lift generated due to the low drag coefficient.
The song was featured in the 2008 comedy film The House Bunny, the 2010 video game Just Dance 2, and the premier episode, from the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
There, they drag a man named Eric (James Anderson) out of the ocean.
The software applies the drag and drop and point and click paradigms to animation, allowing users to create virtual sets, import props and characters, direct the characters to perform actions, and use virtual cameras to record scenes which can be edited on a timeline.
It was released under the moniker Bonnie "Prince" Billy on Drag City in 2008.
The major portion of the tests was directed toward conditions and forces simulating level unaccelerated flight, that is, lift about equal to the airplane weight (2625 lb) and drag about equal to the horizontal thrust component.”
The blockade was to drag on for 37 days.
Swamped by such negative tactics, the Magpies were never able to drag themselves out of the mire, the match memorable only for Paul Williams’ return to face his old side, Buckley's hamstring injury and Molloy's spectacular launch over Swan fullback Andrew Dunkley.
In March 2019, Greg released his second collection of comedic essays, "Dungeons and Drag Queens" about his experiences on Fire Island.
In 2008, the band signed to Drag City and released Body Language.
DRAG Cartoons featured early adventures of Gilbert Shelton's iconic underground comix character Wonder Wart-Hog, who appeared in many issues.
 2008 Pasadena Museum of California Art (Pasadena, California): "Tales from the Strip: The Hot Rod Comics and Drag Racing Cartoons of Pete Millar"
From 1973 until 1995, Shepherd was the drummer for the house band, a piano, drum and saxophone trio, at Finocchio's Club, a nightclub with drag queen entertainment in San Francisco.
The track is dominated by its 920-metre long main straight which is also the drag strip and the front straight of the Super Bowl.
Both the Speedway Super Bowl (more commonly referred to as "The Bowl"), and the Drag Strip have the capacity to run night meetings due to the lights that run around the Super Bowl and down the circuits main straight.
AIR played host to numerous national drag racing championships through the years, as well as regular off-street racing for road cars.
This saw Top Doorslammers run the 1/8th mile track for the first time in over 10 years and gives hope for drag racing's future in South Australia.
At WrestleMania XXV, Mendes competed in a 25-woman battle royal, but was eliminated by Marella, who competed in drag, claiming to be his twin sister "Santina".
Drag and drop index cards - organizational tool that allows rearrangement of the story structure.
Doug Kalitta (born 1964), an American drag racer, nephew of Connie Kalitta and owner of Kalitta Charters.
 Andy Frost (autosports) (born 1961), English-born automotive mechanic and drag racer 
They came to national prominence in 2007 when they were the first drag troupe to perform at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, receiving an honorable mention at the Director's Awards and a cash prize.
Typically reviews described the troupe as cabaret performers using drag as both medium and message.
Andy Frost is an automotive mechanic, speed enthusiast, international drag racer and owner of the Red Victor 2.
It was utilised as a 1/4-mile drag strip until its closing on 25 August 2012, to make way for a new housing estate.
 Pure land sādhanas (zhing khams sgrub) and hundreds of meditation practices on peaceful (zhi ba) and wrathful (khro bo) deities grouped under well-known Vajrayana cycles (chos skor), such as the Bde mchog; Gu ru drag po; Ma ning; Sgrol ma; Phag mo; and 
Konan performed a springboard arm drag and a headscissors takedown to Smiley, but Smiley fought back with a fisherman suplex.
On the other hand, they may have lower aerodynamic drag due to their smaller area, which is proportional to their radius.
This new improvement is said to shave at least 1% off the overall drag and have some weight benefits.
Less common variants included drag shovel, skimmer and pile driver.
Drag position may be introduced for variety.
Scott Kalitta, 46, American drag racer (NHRA), race crash.
Austin has made guest appearances on  TV shows and specials including Hip-Hop Wives, the Comedy Central Roast of Flavor Flav, RuPaul's Drag Race 5, The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson, The Dr. Oz Show, and Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
Drag queen Joanna Ryde is a presenter on regional youth station Beat 102 103.
After being damaged in a crash landing, the first prototype was rebuilt with new wingtips, a revised two-bay wing and with the control cables for the elevators enclosed in the rear fuselage to reduce drag, flying in December 1922 as the Hanley Mark II.
Assembly of the 1-36 is accomplished by inserting the wings and installing the main spar pins and fore and aft drag pins.
As the group entered the terrace, they saw bloody drag marks.
Unfortunately, the "intubed propeller" design also induced so much aerodynamic drag that the benefits in engine efficiency were cancelled out, and the aircraft's top speed proved to be only .
Alison is far more assertive than Colin and Kenneth, trying to drag the science department up to date, but at times can be naive and easily persuaded, herself suffering from some social awkwardness.
She also self-released the double A-side debut single "No One Can Drag Me Down" / "Disappear" (described by Gruff Rhys as "Bobbie Gentry and Nico fight over a Casio keyboard; melody wins!")
In January 2017, Le Bon released the four-track EP Rock Pool via Drag City.
In addition, the separated cowling on the port side caused a marked increase in drag.
In October 2013, he released his solo debut Wot on Drag City.
The three moves of the week were the arm drag, basic chop, and body slam.
It has many useful features such as self-defined sentences (My Sentences), My Commands, drag & drop buttons and comprehensive content editing functions.
At his personal Gate of Truth and reduced to his original form, Father is confronted  by Truth, who poetically punishes Father by letting the gate drag him back into it (where he was presumably created from), thus letting Father stand in God's place in some senses whilst stripping Father completely of the freedom he cherished.
Nico Giraldi in Cop in Drag
They lurk in the place where they died, drag unsuspecting victims underwater, and drown them to take possession of their bodies.
Armand Goldman, drag club owner played by Robin Williams in the film The Birdcage
For small Keulegan–Carpenter number inertia dominates, while for large numbers the (turbulence) drag forces are important.
The "Saponetta", maintained the characteristics of simplicity and lightness while improving road holding and reducing drag, features which were exploited in motordromes such as the Daytona circuit and the high-speed Monza circuit.
Since 2004 until 2008, Widya stay in TV7 (later Trans7), with presenting many sports event such as Drag Mania, Quiz Liga Inggris, and WSBK.
The drums had drag ropes purchased from unit funds.
 Reuben Asberry Jr., professionally known as Kennedy Davenport, American drag queen
Though wounded, Freddie takes advantage of Miranda's subsequent hesitation and manages to drag her back into the cellar and she accidentally breaks the electric heater just after their struggle.
As the caning officers are trained to strike the target and drag the tip of the cane across the wound, the laceration will cause the skin to come off immediately and thus draw blood.
High-speed trains use sliding plug doors because they can be made airtight, soundproof and reduce aerodynamic drag.
With the assistance of Shelly, a dancer, Too Many Gods became regulars at the Limbo Lounge in the West Hollywood underground punk disco drag queen scene.
In the fully closed condition, the morphing wing would minimize the surface area and reduce the drag coefficient by 29.3%, from 0.027 to 0.021, to achieve high-speed flight.
 Carmen Rupe (1936-2011), New Zealand-Australian drag performer, brothel keeper and anti-discrimination and HIV/AIDS activist
These produced less drag than a typical inlet and flat honeycomb radiator.
Australian born drag queen Courtney Act participated as a rider in 2015.
During the Gulf War in 1991, without provocation, Iraq fired 42 Scud missiles at Israel, aiming to drag Israel into the war and thus imperil the US-led coalition, in which several Arab countries participated.
Busemann biplane: a theoretical supersonic wing configuration, in which shock waves between the wing planes interfere to reduce their energy and wave drag.
All the structure is buried under the aerodynamic skin, giving a clean appearance with low drag.
Simplest to make, and common where low cost is important, such as on the Piper J-3 Cub but inefficient as the outer section generates little lift while adding both weight and drag.
At transonic speeds swept wings have lower drag, but can handle badly in or near a stall and require high stiffness to avoid aeroelasticity at high speeds.
Reduces wetted area and can also reduce interference between airflow over the wing root and any adjacent body, in both cases reducing drag.
Reduces the size of vortices shed by the wingtip, and hence also tip drag.
Flap: a hinged aerodynamic surface, usually on the trailing edge, which is rotated downwards to generate extra lift and drag.
Leading-edge root extension (LERX): generates a strong vortex over the wing at high angles of attack, but unlike vortex generators it can also increase lift at such high angles, while creating minimal drag in level flight.
Fillet, a type of fairing: a small curved infill at the junction of two surfaces, such as a wing and fuselage, blending them smoothly together to reduce drag.
The advantage is that the hydrodynamic lift required to sustain the weight of the vehicle is diminished, leading to a diminished hydrodynamic drag.
The theoretical analysis and computed results show that reductions in total drag around 50% can be obtained at very high speed.
He and his family began the process of constructing a small but efficient drag strip that was to be used to augment their auto parts business.
The park includes four race tracks: a 1/4 mile NHRA sanctioned drag strip; 1.6 mile road course; a 10-turn 1.25 mile road course; and a 1.1 mile road course, incorporating 11 tight turns and a 3/8 mile straight-away.
Houston Raceway Park has an exclusive contract with the National Hot Rod Association to host a NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series National Event within a 200-mile radius of the Houston metropolitan area, called the NHRA Spring Nationals.
Local drag racers can compete in the Sunoco Race Fuels Money Trail, a points program that crowns champions in Super, Pro, Street and Top Bike eliminators.
1957 – Friendship Motorcycle Club receives Stauffer's permission to run eighth-mile drag races.
Raceway Park "is one of the most fabled drag strips in America, and it ranked among the country's top five tracks".
In January 2018, NHRA and Raceway Park officials announced that the venue will cease hosting all drag racing events due to rising costs.
As of January 17, 2018, the two drag strips on the property are closed.
NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series
Before things go too far, Bilge's shipmates drag him back to his ship, which is scheduled to set sail.
His thesis Drag Reduction by Self-Similar Bending and a Transition to Forward Flight by a Symmetry-Breaking Instability was advised by Michael Shelley.
This work was published 2002 in Nature under the title Drag Reduction Through Self-Similar Bending of a Flexible Body, and was the subject of various news articles in periodicals including The New York Times and others.
The group also announced plans for an election night press conference featuring drag performer Peaches Christ, whom they identified as a spokesperson.
The Israeli settlers gave conflicting stories about how the disturbances started, but ended by telling that according to an Israeli hiker, claiming to stabbed, the altercation began some 200 meters from Adei Ad when three Arabs ambushed him and attempted to drag him to the village.
-60 Spoiler, Drag Devices and Variable Aerodynamic Fairings
As an ancient, monstrous power stirs and threatens to drag the world toward a dark age, Kamala and Andovan find their fates entwined.
New additions to the game include an in-car driving view, one button assisted driving, vehicle rollover with detailed undercarriages, drifting, drag racing, and SUVs (Mostly Crossovers).
Donna Sachet is an American drag actor, singer, community activist, and writer based in San Francisco.
This layout was chosen by Moineau to minimise drag.
Failed players continuously drag the band's Band Meter down until they are saved.
Musk claimed that the Model S battery offered twice the energy density of the Nissan Leaf's, with more than double the range, increased by a low drag coefficient, motor efficiency and rolling resistance.
At its debut, the Palladium models had the lowest drag coefficient of any production car, with .
As larger and heavier particles sink to the bottom of the sluice faster and experience more drag from the bottom, they travel slower, and so move towards the center of the spiral.
To reduce drag, the passenger rooms were contained entirely within the hull, rather than in the gondola as on the LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin, on two decks.
 Car vs. rollerblades: Hammond drove an Aston Martin V8 Vantage against Dirk Auer, a man on roller skates with a turbo-powered rocket backpack, in a straight half-mile drag race.
 Old cars vs. new cars – drag race (a.k.a.
More recently, the drag performer Divine lived in the complex in the 1960s, as did Kent Warner, a costumer and noted collector of clothing and props from Hollywood films.
In Unsettling Assumptions: Tradition, Gender, Drag, edited by Greenhill Pauline and Tye Diane, 244-60.
He originated the role of Paul, a Puerto-Rican dancer who shared a heart-breaking and touching story of growing up gay in a Catholic high school, his years as a drag performer, and ultimate acceptance of his family.
In modern times, drag queens are associated with gay men and gay culture, but they can be of any gender and sexual identity.
Drag shows frequently include lip-syncing, live singing, and dancing.
Generally, drag queens dress in a female gender role, often exaggerating certain characteristics for comic, dramatic or satirical effect.
Their 1966 song "Little Miss Queen of Darkness" may be an even earlier reference, though more ambiguous in its possible description of a drag queen "accidentally met" in a discotheque, whose "false eyelashes/ were not much of a disguise..." and who was "not all that it might seem..."
If the driver's vehicle rolled across the staging line before the start of a drag race, the driver could "red light" and would disqualify them from that race, nullifying the results or being declared DNF ("Did Not Finish").
Many modern sport-oriented cars now offer optional line locks for drag and show purposes, such as the so-called "burnout mode" found on the 2015 Ford Mustang.
The next day, a flood tide and a strong breeze caused her to drag her anchors and drift down on the freighter Bonafan.
One day, some strangely dressed characters insist that he is their long-lost relative and drag him to another world called Yamato.
Two or three of the slow ones here really drag, always a crippling flaw in Chicago blues, but the uptempo stuff is exemplary—the songs are fun as songs, and the guitar on her latest remake of 'Wang Dang Doodle' is ace."
In May 2011, drag artist Lady Shaun suffered a broken jaw after being knocked out by a man who punched her in the face.
Donna is forced to rescue Ringo and drag him outside.
The bomb consisted of 1 250 lb low drag bomb which had been refused to utilize an NVA # 8 fuse... and propelled a distance of 600 meters from a launch site located SE of the impact area.
or The Glamazon is a San Francisco-based American drag queen performer, professional wrestling personality, comic, emcee, magazine cover girl, journalist, activist/philanthropist and recording artist.
Selecting him from the eight contestants was a panel of celebrity judges including comedian Sandra Bernhard, New York City club kid-turned-author James St. James, drag personality and Midnight Mass producer Peaches Christ, KNRG "Energy 92.7 FM" morning show hosts Fernando and Greg in the Morning, the men of Hothouse Videos and "Miss Trannyshack 2004" Anna Conda.
Drag racing commenced at Easter in 1966, with the June meet, the Winternationals, beginning in 1968.
In calculation, the unknowns include asteroids, the solar quadrupole moment, mass loss from the Sun through radiation and solar wind, drag of solar wind on planetary magnetospheres, galactic tidal forces, and effects from passing stars.
The alternative of turning the head for a better view slows down the dive by increasing drag while spiralling does not reduce speeds significantly.
 Fly reels - a specialized type of fishing reel designed to hold fly line and supply drag if required to land heavy or fast fish.
The main loss is aerodynamic drag which is proportional to the square of speed, hence high speeds are inefficient and reduce range.
A music video made to accompany the single featured Ron Mael in drag doing a striptease dance performance in a Los Angeles nightclub while Russell lip syncs the lyrics to the song.
Earwig's only DVD released to date, Year of the Drag, was released in 2005 in between albums Perfect Past Tense and Center of the Earth.
This can be done by taking him by surprise with the manforte [literally, a support; a crook or crutch-like implement] and with it drag him to a seclusion room" (from Della Pazzia II, p74).
Mao never dared to drag major Later Jin cities into war even when there was a strategic advantage in doing so.
 Emily Nepon – Co-creator of Suck My Treyf Gender, Bar Mitzvah-boy drag performer, author of [www.newjewishagenda.net NewJewishAgenda.net]
He enjoyed the alternative instruments used in the tunes, calling them "successful in providing imagery of renaissance times", although he felt that much more of them would have begun to drag the soundtrack down.
Increasing drag force may even cause a feeling of ascent.
Brewer–Dobson circulation is driven by planetary scale atmospheric waves, namely Rossby waves, with results in westward drag and therefore poleward pumping action to conserve angular momentum.
At highway speeds with an identical payload as a standard-body conventional, the lower drag of a T600 meant that it required an engine with approximately 100 less horsepower, further increasing fuel economy.
To further reduce drag, the grille was redesigned, with the shortened W900 grille replaced by a twin-segment grille.
Victor receives a letter asking him to perform his drag act but he has lost his voice due to being caught in the rain.
As a pioneer of glider development & first well-documented human flight he discovered and identified the four aerodynamic forces of flight – weight, lift, drag, and thrust.
As the referee tried to drag Vachon away from the corner, she grabbed onto Sable and unwittingly pulled off her skirt.
One can add music through these programs or just drag and drop via a file browser like Windows Explorer.
The Evora has a drag coefficient of .
The revised front panel has larger carbon-fibre air ducts that move air around the front wheels more efficiently, cutting turbulence and drag.
 Bebe Zahara Benet (the season one winner of RuPaul’s Drag Race)
The beam of a flatwater boat is typically barely wider than the hips of its paddlers and requires the paddler to bend their legs in the boat, allowing for a long and narrow shape to reduce drag.
Local police drag the river and search the surrounding countryside in a small English village for the body of Mrs. Shellbrook, a flashy blonde who was a guest at the local hotel and has been missing for several days.
New York's surprise visitor adds fuel to the fury that is New York, threatening to drag her away from her career path as Tiffany the aspiring actress.
"Racing in the Street" contains two clear homages: the title and chorus refer to Martha and the Vandellas' 1964 hit "Dancing in the Street", while the instrumental break after the second verse and chorus is an allusion to The Beach Boys' 1964 song "Don't Worry Baby", itself about the emotional aspects of drag racing.
In October 2016, Kenny was shortlisted for a Bord Gais Energy Irish Book Award (popular non-fiction) for Mr Pussy: Before I Forget To Remember,  co-written with legendary drag queen, Alan Amsby.
Amsby is best remembered for his innovative drag shows and stewardship of Mr Pussy's Café De Luxe, which he ran with Bono, Jim Sheridan and Gavin Friday in the mid-1990s.
McGowan had an untraditional childhood, living as a teenage runaway in Portland, Oregon and associating with a group of drag queens in the city.
during atmospheric reentry, or during the use of a parachute, when atmospheric drag decelerates a vehicle,
During the arc, the propulsion and steering of the aircraft are controlled to cancel the drag (air resistance) on the plane out, leaving the plane to behave as if it were free-falling in a vacuum.
In June 2018, Glass released a new single, "Mine", accompanied by a music video directed by Lucas David and starring American drag queen Violet Chachki.
The man only managed to drag away Birns's upper torso.
 Malice in Wonderland: The Dolls Movie, a 2011 American comedy starring the drag theater troupe The Dolls
 Drag coefficient:  0.345
This, together with the exposed engine, increased the aerodynamic drag dramatically, and the aircraft was unable to climb or maintain altitude during its final turn.
That is, a panemone primarily uses drag whereas the blades of a HAWT use lift.
2016 - Holley HP EFI engine control unit (ECU) became standard equipment used on all cars in the NHRA's Pro Stock class, the world premier class for naturally aspirated drag cars.
The fighting would drag on for two years, draining an already improvised economy, provoking ethnic conflict, and causing large numbers of casualties.
At the end of the runway is the Fear Factor logo; the Participante must let go of the drag line on a "line of fire" and must stop near the logo.
He played "the Original Miss Daisy" in drag with Ringling Brothers from 1908 to 1914 and was so good at it, that he got a few marriage proposals from men who thought he was a real woman.
During World War II, German aircraft commonly fitted a more advanced version of the slat that reduced drag by being pushed back flush against the leading edge of the wing by air pressure, popping out when the angle of attack increased to a critical angle.
It is now closed and one of its runways is used by drag racing enthusiasts.
The airport is also the venue for the annual GTR Challenge and Drag Battle motorsport event.
RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4 Winner Sharon Needles has a song called Hail Satan, in which she cites icons from the satanic culture.
Akamas then bestrode his brother's body and wounded Promakhos the Boeotian with his spear, for he was trying to drag his brother's body away.
It was San Francisco's first large public drag ball, beginning in 1963 and continuing well into the 70's.
 Knoll-Gas Nitro Jam Drag Racing Series
Tarlton International Raceway is a drag racing strip just outside Krugersdorp in South Africa on the R24 Route.
Artisan fishing methods include rod and line, harpoons, skin diving, traps, throw nets and drag nets.
The reason for this grouping is that of all the types of hydrodynamic resistance imposed upon a boat hull in motion, only viscous drag can be cleanly isolated, as it scales proportionally to wetted surface area.
The first change is the wetted surface area of the hull, which will result in a greater viscous drag if increased.
These airfoils were designed to give less drag than the previous NAA/NACA 45-100.
The bald-pated drag flick expert collected the Top Scorer award in the first 2005.
The rubber grooming gloves and dog brushes are intended to drag loose hair from the short-coated dogs and are some of the most popular grooming tools amongst pet owners.
It adds 30 cu ft (850 L) to the airframe for more avionics with only small increases in weight and drag.
The first effort accomplished under the AFTI program was a paper study with three separate contractors (i.e., McDonnell Douglas, Fairchild Republic, Rockwell International) to design an advanced aircraft technology demonstrator using new concepts such as direct lift control, direct side force control and drag modulation.
The F-16ES also featured an internal FLIR system, which offered the capabilities of the LANTIRN navigation and targeting system without the drag associated with external pods.
The sport is a combination of drag hunting, dog racing and steeplechasing, with the hounds taking the place of horses.
Hound trailing or hound racing became particularly popular in the Lake District, with hunt masters of packs conducting match races over laid drag lines.
Aerodynamics: models have a redesigned front bumper skirt, which are more aerodynamic, and reduces drag further through use of a smaller lower grill.
There were a number of clay pits at the brickyard, with a 1906 Geologists' field trip stating that "one pit showed a good section of Bracklesham Clays in a vertical position, with a peculiar drag 
The lyrics to "Canyon Killer" were inspired by the fact that the band's rehearsal space, called Drag Racist Studios, was located in a mostly undeveloped basin that frequently had to be evacuated due to flooding or fire.
Drag and drop of Workbench icons between different screens is possible too.
David Ward King (October 27, 1857 – February 9, 1920) was an American farmer and inventor of the King road drag.
The advantage of the King Road Drag was that it firmed up dirt roads by leaving a crown in the middle, which caused rain water to just run off, keeping the road dry and firm.
The "King drag movement [came] with a rush."
He conducted them in Canada as well, including the province of Nova Scotia, where the King road drag was found better than any other method to work sandy roads, clay roads and rock roads.
Missouri spent two thousand of the dollars of the day to drag its main roads.
Importance of the King Road Drag
Technology has long since left the horse-drawn King Road Drag far behind.
With that thought in mind, how many people living in America and elsewhere unsuspectingly owe their very existence to David Ward King and his King Road Drag?
1988 – Divine, American drag queen and film actor (b.
According to aviation author Lon Nordeen, the changes "had a slight increase in drag and a bit of additional weight, but there really was not much difference in performance between the [–408-powered] Night Attack and radar Harrier II Plus aircraft".
According to his official biography from Balls, Unlimited, Inc., Correll has enjoyed a varied career racing motorcycles, drag cars, stock cars, and go-carts.
 RuPaul's Drag Race UK (BBC Three 2019)
Since the VX has what was for the time an ultra low coefficient of aerodynamic drag of 0.30 cd, the car could operate at highway speeds in lean burn mode.
Arias with a Twist is a collaborative play created by drag queen Joey Arias and puppeteer Basil Twist.
Strong wind forces may result in diminished leaf number and surface area, which while reducing drag, involves a trade off of also reducing photosynthesis.
The whip kick minimized drag and accentuated Jastremski's very powerful shoulders and upper arms.
Santina Marella (really Santino Marella in drag posing as his fictitious twin sister) came down to the ring after the match, and proclaimed her prowess before The Great Khali entered in the hopes of kissing Marella, only to have Marella refuse, claiming to love another man, SmackDown commentator, Jim Ross, who sat at ringside with Jerry Lawler and Michael Cole.
The sperm whale caused the longest drag events, reaching speeds of 23 mph (37 km/h).
In addition, the winning contestant stands at a podium equipped with a mouse for Super Sqramble and uses the mouse to drag and drop the letters on two large screens.
Derrick Barry is an American drag performer, Britney Spears impersonator and reality television personality.
He was eliminated in the eighth episode after losing a lip sync to Bob the Drag Queen, and placing fifth.
In 2020, Barry returned for the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, where she was the first queen eliminated from the competition, placing 10th overall.
Alok views his father's low-return empire with disdain and is engaged in an ongoing and futile attempt to drag his father's shop upmarket.
The Usurer tells his Scrivener how he conspires with Slightall's corrupt servant Geoffrey to drag Slightall down into bankruptcy.
It is still used for drag hunting today.
A kite is a tethered air foil that creates both lift and drag, in this case anchored to a vehicle with a tether, which guides the face of the kite to achieve the best angle of attack.
The resultant force vector from the lift and drag force components is opposed by the tension of one or more of the lines or tethers to which the kite is attached, thereby powering the vehicle.
Drag race into the wind, winDTUrbineracer vs. Inventus, Stuttgart
Logging was restricted to the distance foresters were able to drag the logs to the mill and only the lower portion of the resort access road shows signs of high grade logging.
Its toponym comes from the Old English drag meaning to carry goods.
 "Don't Ever Let Nobody Drag Your Spirit Down" (Charlotte Hoglund, Eric Bibb) – 4:55
 Parachute, a device used to slow the motion of an object through an atmosphere by creating drag
Frise and Russell started work on such a design, featuring extensive streamlining for lower drag and better range, powered by eight Centaurus engines, paired to drive four propellers.
This arrangement was meant to produce high lift for take-off with low drag.
Their oil was used for the kudliks, and their skin and sinews for seal boots (kamik), kayak coverings, ropes (also drag ropes for dog sleds) and dog whips.
A CubeSat Inflatable Deorbit Device, by Old Dominion University: This study describes a deployable aerodynamic drag device that can be incorporated in basic 1U CubeSat units that can meet the 25-year orbital lifetime constraint for initial orbit perigees of up to 900 km.
Roush first entered NASCAR competition in 1988, but had competed and won championships in various drag racing and sports car racing series since the mid-1960s.
The nuclear research submarine NR-1 eventually retrieves the missile from a depth of 1,650 feet, and two leased heavy trawlers snag and drag the Tomcat to shallower water where the heavily damaged airframe is salvaged and found to have all its sub-systems intact.
The sensuous drag of ‘Skin Turns To Glass’ features squalls of multi-tracked guitar lines producing birdsong as a veritable Glen Branca of a guitar orchestra provides the snail-slow rumble."
The L.A. indie scene currently rides the wave through neighborhoods like Hollywood, Koreatown, Los Feliz, Silverlake, and Echo Park, which have given rise to such bands as Weaving the Fate, Moving Units, Rilo Kiley, Earlimart, Autolux, Scarling., Giant Drag, Icebird, Best Coast, and Local Natives.
The Hadamard–Rybczynski equation can be derived from the Navier–Stokes equations by considering only the buoyancy force and drag force acting on the moving bubble.
Marc Savlov of The Austin Chronicle awarded the film 1.5 out of 5 stars, stating that the film "would have made a far more effective short than the feature-length drag it is."
Support for drag and drop from the file manager to the desktop was also added.
She also defended her position on Georgia saying it was "in line with the European Union and it is not to drag Ukraine into conflicts."
Reliability was also a problem, with Laffite only recording five finishes during the whole season, but the basic speed was there with the Honda powered FW09 consistently among the fastest cars through the speeds traps on many tracks despite the car itself producing high drag.
Mussolini believed that the United States was doomed as the American blacks had a higher birthrate than whites, making it inevitable that the blacks would take over the United States to drag it down to their level.
Some people pronounce  (singular) with drag tone and put it in the fifth group, whereas others use a push tone.
Drag queen Alvin performed in front of the CPDRC inmates cross-dressed as a nurse on the occasion of Byron Garcia's birthday.
The cream of Ford's efforts came on the race track and drag strip, which lent credence to the premise of their campaign.
Unfortunately, the pulse jets produced an unacceptable amount of noise and the drag of the engines in the event of power loss would prevent safe landings by autorotation.
Mila Jam's new video Faces was released to coincide with International Trans Day of Visibility and she was joined in the video by Laverne Cox, Tituss Burgess, Candis Cayne, model Geena Rocero, RuPaul's Drag Race's Peppermint, Transparent's Zackary Drucker, Trace Lysette and Zoolander's Nathan Lee Graham.
The manga was adapted to an OVA in 1992, and was released by ADV Films in the US under the name Delinquent in Drag.
All-male revues are common in gay bars in Bangkok and as drag shows in the tourist resort of Pattaya.
The racing suit's main function is to reduce the drag of an athlete in water, thus improving his time.
One or two men, walking up and down the aisle for the purpose, would drag the fallen person up on the rostrum.
Margaret Thatcher Queen of Soho (2013), a drag comedy musical play, displays what life would have been like if Margaret Thatcher had got lost in Soho on the eve of the vote for Section 28.
There were many free public stages throughout Toronto's Church and Wellesley neighbourhood, featuring drag queen and king shows, burlesque shows, cultural performances, and musical acts including Carly Rae Jepsen, Peaches, Against Me!, Hercules and Love Affair, Chely Wright, Pansy Division, Lydia Lunch, The Nylons, k.d.
The title role was played by Caridád Suarez, with Rita in blackface and male drag as El Calesero (the coachman).
Nibo wears a black riding coat or drag.
The continual drag of the driving bands caused the liner to be gradually stretched forward.
Meanwhile, Wally and Stymie try to shoo off Spanky and Scotty rather than to have to drag them along.
Sarah then reveals her intentions to Jonas and a few Order goons drag him off as well.
The grasshopper escapement, which is usually internal, is externalised and appears to drag the escape wheel around the rim of the clock.
The rear ball joint of the steering drag link had been hitting the vertical woodwork of the structure and the link was bent.
The replacement steering box mounting bracket was apparently still sound, but the replacement drag link had bent as before, both front wheel arches were heavily marked by tyre contact and the bump stop contact plates were bent.
Electric drag racing records are listed at NEDRA.
The Oswald efficiency, similar to the span efficiency, is a correction factor that represents the change in drag with lift of a three-dimensional wing or airplane, as compared with an ideal wing having the same aspect ratio and an elliptical lift distribution.
The Navy-Wright NW-1 was an unconventional streamlined design, based on a sesquiplane with main wheels faired into the lower wing, and bracing minimized to further reduce drag.
The concept has an aluminum structure, a titanium transmission case, and several aerodynamic aids that reduce drag.
It has its moments in the first half, while the second half is an over-melodramatic drag."
He was inducted into the International Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 2006.
Don Garlits' International Drag Racing Hall of Fame inducted Larson in 2006.
After taking a some time off, fellow Pennsylvanian racer Bruce Larson wanted to return to drag racing in the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) after a long career as a match racer.
Sweedie (also known as My Sweedie, The Swedish Maid) is a fictional character portrayed by actor Wallace Beery in drag in a series of comedy films from 1914 to 1916.
Carter says that the PAV has a lift to drag ratio of 10–15, and reached an advance ratio of 0.85 in 2012.
Drag Road Canyon–Button Brush Flat
The Drag River then flows via the Burnt River and Trent River to Lake Ontario.
Oseen's drag formulation can be used in connection with flow of fluids under various special conditions, such as: containing particles, sedimentation of particles, centrifugation or ultracentrifugation of suspensions, colloids, and blood through isolation of tumors and antigens.
Karen gets on her motorcycle and is forced to drag Bill, who is tied, beaten, and bruised behind her down the entire stretch of the runway and back.
Both concerts were to become "central to this first of her many comebacks, and centered around her impersonation of Al Jolson ... performing 'Swanee' in her odd vocal drag of Jolson."
However the chamber of the Norma version provided a longer throat making allowances for the seating of very low drag (VLD) bullets.
Against all odds, Volendam managed to drag the game into extra time.
The Miniature Electrostatic Analyzer (MESA) obtained data on the neutral density of the atmosphere in the altitude range of  to  by the measurements of satellite deceleration due to aerodynamic drag.
However, data from this experiment were also correlated with accelerometer and ion gauge data in evaluating satellite drag.
Drag reducing agents can be broadly classified  under the following four categories – Polymers, Solid-particle suspensions, Biological additives, and Surfactants.
Using just a few parts per million of the drag reducer helps to reduce the turbulence inside the pipe.
Because of this, the drag reducing agent is re-injected after points like pumps and turns, where the pressure and temperature can be extra high.
Knowing what will create the ideal drag reducer is key in this process.
At a low temperature the drag reducing agent will tend to cluster together.
Drag is higher in smaller diameter pipe.
Increasing the pressure will increase flow and reduce drag, but is limited by the maximum pressure rating of the pipe.
Drag reducers can work in a couple of different fields.
This was, however, not explicitly referred to as a drag reduction phenomenon.
Drag reducers were introduced into the market in the early 1970s by Conoco Inc. (now known as LiquidPower Specialty Products Inc. (LSPI), a Berkshire Hathaway Company).
The two drag Wentz's body to his SUV, and they drive into town and walk around with the body.
where  is the force, and  characterizes the friction or viscous drag.
When skating on natural ice, the skate blade increases the pressure on the microscopic top layers of the ice, melting it to produce a small amount of water that reduces drag and causes the blade to glide on top of the ice.
The Observers Adam Mattera saw "Single Ladies" and "Diva" as potential sources of inspiration for drag queens, although they may leave others confused.
When Spanky and the boys finally manage to drag Alfalfa back into Darla's room, a still tipsy Alfalfa hops on her bed and jumps for the chandelier, finally calming down after falling to the floor and knocking a pitcher of water off the dresser and onto his head.
Drag the map to move it in any direction.
Tim Wilkerson (born December 29, 1960, in Springfield, Illinois) is a NHRA drag racer.
The Trans Am body would continue to improve aerodynamically over the years, and by 1985 would be the most aerodynamic vehicle to ever be released from General Motors with a 0.29 coefficient of drag.
All of these features combined to provide a low coefficient of drag.
The local legend tells of a man who rested beside the waterfall basin when the jorōgumo tried to drag him into the waterfall by throwing webs around his leg.
For glidepath control, the 604 has wing top-surface spoilers and a tail-mounted drag chute.
A drag harrow is used to loosen and even out soil after it has been plowed and packed.
The drag harrow is not often used in modern farming as other harrows have proven to be more suitable, such as the disc harrow.
Due to their low cost and simplicity, drag harrows are still used widely by small farmers.
A spike tooth harrow or flex harrow is often called a drag harrow and is in use extensively throughout the US for seedbed preparation and for grooming grassland pastures.
An object moving parallel to the axis of rotation in a rotating fluid experiences more drag force than what it would experience in a non rotating fluid.
For Re<<1, Ek<<1, Ro<<1, the drag equation for a cylinder of radius, a, the following relation has been found.
Not long afterwards, Liam takes Naomi to a drag race where he shows a quick temper when another man starts hitting on Naomi, and smashes his car windshield.
Besides his International Motorsports Hall of Fame induction, he was inducted in the National Motorsports Press Association Hall of Fame in 1992 and the International Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 1993.
Whatever, Mortal is the second album by Papa M, the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M'), released in 2001 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 2001 in music).
An above-ground pool should also be closed, so that ice does not drag down the pool wall, collapsing its structure.
Any original populations of irregular satellites captured by traditional mechanisms, such as drag or impacts from the accretion disks, would be lost during the encounters between the planets at the time of global system instability.
SLDMB deployed by aircraft are encased in a tube and attached to a parachute which decreases the impact produced upon hitting the water but without so much drag that the buoy can drift off-course according to USCG SAR guidelines.
Drag Kyoryu Ken (ドラグ恐竜剣)(1993-03)
Shrewsberry is best known as the driver of the drag racing replica of the Barris-built Batmobile from the 1966 television series and of the "L.A. Dart," a series of wheelstanding funny cars each with a rear-mounted, supercharged Chrysler Hemi engine and each sponsored by the Dodge and Plymouth dealers of Los Angeles and Orange Counties.
The video for "Round and Round" was notable for its guest appearance by Marshall Berle's uncle, Milton Berle, in his Uncle Miltie drag character.
Ongoing research projects deal with wind farm siting, condition-based monitoring, control system optimization, aeroelastic modeling, drag and noise reduction methods, radar interactions with wind farms, power electronics, and gear boxes.
Wild Side Story is a parody musical that originated in 1973 as a drag show on the gay scene of Miami Beach, soon developed there into an underground happening for mixed audiences, and up until 2004 was performed hundreds of times in Florida, Sweden, California and Spain.
In 1975 Lars Jacob went back to Sweden and produced shows for one of the earliest Stockholm nightclubs Alexandra's, thus introducing drag shows to Sweden.
In Stockholm in the autumn of 1975 Lars Jacob, with Anders Eljas as his debuting band leader and Graham Tainton as his choreographer, had already succeeded well with his first cabaret AlexCab, where drag numbers of an American type were performed for the first time in Sweden.
In 2003 the drag queens were noted by Sweden's leading gay publication as played by "rather beefy guys with hairy armpits".
Wheelies are usually associated with bicycles and motorcycles, but can be done with other vehicles such as cars, especially in drag racing and tractor pulling.
The slower a vehicle is moving, the less power is required to perform a wheelie, and that is without even considering the power required to overcome air drag, which increases with the cube of velocity.
In , Ooryphas defeated the Cretan Saracens in the Gulf of Saros, and soon after followed this success with another: while the Saracens were campaigning off the western coasts of Greece, he had his men drag his ships overland across the Isthmus of Corinth, thereby surprising the Saracen fleet in the Corinthian Gulf and defeating them.
It was said to dwell underwater near river banks and would drag the unwary to a watery death.
Madoff Effect and Operational Drag
In December 2001, in San Gabriel, a coyote bit a 3-year-old girl in the head, grabbed her shoulder and started to drag her away, but was chased off by her father.
In 1994, gender theorist Susan Stryker defined transgender as encompassing "all identities or practices that cross over, cut across, move between, or otherwise queer socially constructed sex/gender boundaries", including, but not limited to, "transsexuality, heterosexual transvestism, gay drag, butch lesbianism, and such non-European identities as the Native American berdache or the Indian Hijra".
Drag can be theatrical, comedic, or grotesque.
Drag artists have a long tradition in LGBT culture.
Drag performers are not inherently transgender.
He has produced music for Josh Rouse, Cotton Mather, Chuck Prophet, Matthew Sweet, Imperial Drag, Jill Sobule, Marshall Crenshaw, Els Pets and M-Clan.
His actual father was Danny Devore, played by Gary Beach who became a drag queen entertainer named Divina Devore.
Coppuck had designed the car to have a very narrow monocoque constructed of aluminium and nomex to give the car a stiff chassis with as large an underfloor area as possible for the ground effect to work, but the upshot was that the car had a large frontal area which caused drag.
This effect works at lower speeds and is compensated increasingly at higher speeds by the added drag of the duct, which tends to decrease the efficiency of the propulsion.
The stepless fuselage nose was largely glazed and came to a rounded point (similar to the noses of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, Heinkel He 111 and Arado Ar 234) to reduce drag.
Drag Me to Hell (2009) (released by Universal Pictures and Ghost House Pictures)
The vehicle's design results in significantly reduced drag.
After mating, females drag their heavy bodies high onto the beach during the night.
Her part is always played by a man in drag.
River Raft: Using a crossbow and arrows with hooks, the warriors must drag a boat on a river to the shore so they can get in and journey downstream.
 BeBe Zahara Benet (1980-), drag queen
This one-of-a-kind company was trained to repair jeeps and trucks under battlefield conditions and consisted of hot-rodders, drag racers, United Auto Workers assembly line workers and NASCAR racers.
The Pink Mirror pits two Indian drag queens against a westernized gay teenager in a battle to woo a handsome hunk.
Underneath the campy humorous exterior, the film is an exploration of the Indian gay landscape and understanding of the deep, humanly tender bondings that exist between drag queens in India who form unique, non-patriarchal families.
The war was to drag on for nearly twenty years.
Series 8 focused much more on motorsport, covering the NZ Drift Series in New Zealand, drifting overseas, drag racing in New Zealand and Australia (e.g.
In issue 144 readers were invited to Photoshop a Chevrolet Volt into a Pro Import drag racing vehicle.
Dedicated to circuit racing, rallying, hillclimbing, drifting and drag racing.
With a guilty conscience and the fear of Jordan's disappearance, the days drag on for Ben.
He concluded "The game rarely wows you in any one way, and the pace can drag at times in dry subject matter, but overall it's both logical and accessible, with [an] interesting approach to vampire lore and deftly crafted storyline."
Do we need to send the zombie army to drag you there?"
Both the upper and lower wings were gulled to allow the drag of the wing/fuselage junction to be minimised, while radiators were built into the surfaces of the wings and floats.
The conversion of the Westfalen consisted of a large retractable stern mounted canvas drag apron for the flying boat to taxi on (i.e.
In order to retain the manoeuvrability of the three-wheeled vehicles, the front springs and steering drag link were placed inside the frames, which allowed a kerb-to-kerb turning circle of  to be achieved.
The narrow cross-section of the boat made it sleek, cutting across water without a lot of drag.
The forces of lift and drag are formed due to the difference in air pressure.
Balwant and Vikramaditya are untouched and they drag Yug and Vrinda home.
With some browsers it is possible to simply Drag and Drop a Web Link directly from your Browser Window and into Spectasia.
At supersonic speeds a thin, small and highly loaded wing offers substantially lower drag than other configurations.
The bunny then dresses in girl-dog drag.
Both cars are capable of six-second passes on the drag strip.
Volcano, in the book's forward, describes their first experience with a drag king act, which took place in San Francisco in 1985 when "the On Our Backs/ BurLEZK gang were putting on strip shows for lesbians at The Baybrick Inn."
As a result, users can no longer manually arrange items via drag and drop within a folder; this feature is only available on the desktop.
The Save Our Children campaign produced a local television commercial showing the "wholesome entertainment" of the Orange Bowl Parade (which Bryant hosted), contrasting that with highly sexualized images of the San Francisco Gay Freedom Day Parade, including men in leather harnesses kissing each other, dancing drag queens, and topless women.
(see diagram) This 10-square-meter clear space housed a crane that lifted and rotated each 2.5-ton block, to ready it for eight men to drag up the next internal ramp.
Bianca Del Rio, actor and costume designer; winner of Rupaul's Drag Race season 6
Wind waves also act to modify atmospheric properties through frictional drag of near-surface winds and heat fluxes.
These included Boy with the Aluminum Stilts (2000), Every Sunday Sky (2004), Boys (2008), and Killer in Drag (2009).
MJTs can keep joints tight on boom points, ring gears, side frames, hoist motors, drag lines, pinion gears, split gears, and excavator bearing caps, because the joint is loaded in pure tension without twisting.
The fish benefit by having access to an easy meal, while the turtles get groomed of the algae growths on their shells, which can increase drag in the water when growth becomes too dense.
As with modern gliders any reduction in laminar flow caused a disproportionate increase in drag, reinforcing the need for careful handling, cleaning and polishing, and avoiding rain while flying.
Postoperatively as wound margins begin to swell, a suture can drag through the thin portion of tissue present near the surface.
Cheesewiring that causes drag can lead to damage to tissue and make a surgeon tug on the material, leading to suture pullout.
One technique determined to decrease suture drag is placement of the needle perpendicularly through the entire corneal thickness encompassed by the suture bite on each side of the incision.
Monofilament sutures create less drag while passing through tissue, but may decrease tensile strength and cause crimping.
The general flight characteristics were good but the rate of climb and rate of turn were unsatisfactory, and the aircraft suffered greater drag than its competitors in the contest, the Arado Ar 80, Heinkel He 112 and Messerschmitt Bf 109.
Starting in 2010, he has collaborated with Fausto Fernós and Marc Felion of the Feast of Fun podcast in the making of a series of YouTube videos titled Cooking with Drag Queens, in which Lola von Miramar (La Fountain-Stokes's persona) makes Puerto Rican delicacies such as tostones and coquito together with Saltina Obama Bouvier (Fernós) and Daphne DuMount (Felion).
 Cooking w/ Drag Queens - Lola Von Miramar - Arroz Con Pollo (Rice with Chicken) (with Fausto Fernós and Marc Felion, Feast of Fun Podcast, Chicago).
Cooking with Drag Queens: How to Make Tostones (with Fausto Fernós and Marc Felion, Feast of Fun Podcast, Chicago).
The Gmail interface supports drag and drop of attachments to and from the inbox.
With the drag queens and strippers toned down, Leon and Scott exchange their vows.
The Observers Adam Mattera described the song as a potential source of inspiration to drag queens, however concluded that it can also leave many persons confused and bewildered.
A reduction in the purity of the hydrogen coolant increases windage losses in the turbine due to the associated increase in viscosity and drag.
Pat Austin (born November 12, 1964) is a retired American drag racer.
He began drag racing in the Northwestern United States, where he won approximately 90 percent of the races that he entered.
Bucky Austin had over 200 drag racing wins at Northwestern regional NHRA, AHRA and open matches.
Martin Cooper (born 1974), American drag queen performing under Coco Montrese
Many of these artists were also strongly influenced by the LGBTQ+ African American ball culture, an influence not widely seen in the first wave of homo hop, and many began as performance art projects and incorporated the use of drag.
Raimi wrote Drag Me to Hell with his brother, Ivan, before working on the Spider-Man trilogy.
Clay tries to rescue Christine, but a train speeds through and he can only watch as the hands drag her to Hell.
After finishing the script, Raimi desired to make the picture after the first draft of the script was completed, but other projects such as the Spider-Man film series became a nearly decade-long endeavor, pushing opportunities to continue work on Drag Me to Hell to late 2007.
After the previous three Spider-Man films, Raimi came back to the script of Drag Me to Hell, wanting to make a simpler and lower-budget film.
Production for Drag Me to Hell began on location in Tarzana, California.
Drag Me to Hell was first shown to the public as a "Work in Progress" print at the South by Southwest festival on March 15, 2009.
The site's critical consensus states, "Sam Raimi returns to top form with Drag Me to Hell, a frightening, hilarious, delightfully campy thrill ride."
Drag Me to Hell was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc in the US on October 13, 2009.
 Drag Me to Hell Full Production Notes
 Walt Arfons (1916-2013), American drag racer and competition land speed record racer
Lastly, increasing the solute concentration increases the drag effect.
"Few books have the power to drag young boys away from their Xbox or Wii but I've seen the Jimmy Coates series in action – Super Mario is no match for this schoolboy assassin."
He also worked extensively with drag queen RuPaul, ultimately designing six RuPaul dolls.
They were interviewed on stage after the live performance of the Goddess volcano dance performed by drag queens in gold lamé and featuring Peaches Christ as Goddess.
It has also evolved into a pageantry for male impersonators, drag kings and trans men.
Drag pageants were held in individual gay bars, and discothèques during the post Stonewall era.
Because many trans women also use drag shows as a source of income, it was only natural that a pageantry system would evolve to meet their needs.
New competitions with new requirements brought a wider variety of performers to drag pageantry.
In 2016 this system was founded to provide individuals who did not fit the "standard norm" of drag.
The formula includes the inherent efficiency of the vehicle as the range capability of a specific fuel source capacity directly represents the EPA testing, it then becomes universal regardless of weight, vehicle size, co-efficient of drag, rolling resistance as these directly influence the range possible and are accounted for.
Analogies based on drag effects, including analogies of "syrup" or "molasses" are also well known, but can be somewhat misleading since they may be understood (incorrectly) as saying that the Higgs field simply resists some particles' motion but not others' a simple resistive effect could also conflict with Newton's third law.
It offers drag and drop placement, resizing, and formatting of widgets.
Molly hit a crossbody for a near fall on Stratus after wasting some time to drag Ivory out of position to break up the pin count.
It will be able to cruise at approximately  and sprint at  before suffering the limits of parasitic drag.
This parking orbit was quite low by Earth orbit standards, and it would have been short-lived due to aerodynamic drag.
The street featured cheap late night eateries, prostitution, drag cabaret shows, and The George hotel (renamed The Seaview) became a major venue for the punk and alternative music scene.
He attended the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, where he made friends with several soon-to-be-well-known artists, including Nan Goldin, David Armstrong, Philip-Lorca diCorcia, Stephen Tashjian (aka Tabboo!, with whom he founded the drag duo "Clam Twins" at the Pyramid Club in NYC's East Village), Gail Thacker and Pat Hearn.
In Roman agriculture, the bidens (genitive bidentis) was a double-bladed drag hoe or two-pronged mattock, although a modern distinction between "mattock" and "rake" should not be pressed.
Alamvusha then seize, drag and throw him down.
In the dungeons, Lucie assumes the Doctor's silence means he's coming up with a plan, but she tells him to be quick as someone's going to come through the door any minute now and drag poor Straxus off to have the life drained out of him.
 Thomas Bickham (born 1975 in Værløse) a drag queen artist, hairdresser, designer and TV personality 
A half hour 16mm documentary written, directed and edited by Les Harris on early drag car racing that aired on London Weekend Television in the UK.
The airfield is now home to Melbourne Raceway running drag racing under the organisation of Straightliners.
Gothron's men surprise Alfred, and drag the supposed harpist into camp.
Pardo first tried pushing the plane using Aman's drag chute compartment but turbulence interfered.
At BARA's 1976 convention BARA's first president, Malcolm Durham, was honored for his historic accomplishments in drag racing.
This race included many of drag racing's African American stars of the time, including Rufus "Brooklyn Heavy" Boyd, "Strip Blazer" Malcolm Durham, Bill "Tuff Rabbit" White, "Wicked" Will Smallwood, Sam Carroll, and Joe Fisher, driving Ronald Lyle's Hemi Colt.
Inverted bows maximize the length of waterline and hence the hull speed, and have often better hydrodynamic drag than ordinary bows.
However, GameSpot said that the PS3 version "does an admirable job of turning the worst idea from the original adventure into something entertaining, but it's still hampered by the same problems that made those initial trials such a drag.
RuPaul's Drag Race employs a panel of judges, including RuPaul, Michelle Visage, an alternating third main judge of either Carson Kressley or Ross Matthews, and a host of other guest judges, who critique contestants' progress throughout the competition.
Prospective Drag Race contestants submit video auditions to the show's production company, World of Wonder.
Drag Races most popular seasonal maxi challenge is Snatch Game, a spoof on Match Game wherein contestants impersonate celebrities or famous fictional personas.
A number of smaller web series also accompany each episode of Drag Race.
Each season's host (or hosts) are different; to date, these have included the YouTuber Kingsley, Raja Gemini, Bob the Drag Queen, Alaska Thunderfuck, Trixie Mattel, Manila Luzon, and Monét X Change.
In late 2013, Logo re-aired the season as RuPaul's Drag Race: The Lost Season Ru-Vealed, featuring commentary from RuPaul.
Each week's episode is followed by a behind-the-scenes show, RuPaul's Drag Race Untucked.
Like season 5, season 6 saw 14 contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar".
The first episode celebrated the 100th taping of the show, and the 100th drag queen to compete.
The winner of season 8 was Bob the Drag Queen, with Cynthia Lee Fontaine winning Miss Congeniality.
This season features thirteen new contestants, and one returning contestant, competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar", a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000.
As with season 10, each week's episode was followed by an episode of the televised return of RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked.
RuPaul's Drag Race: Vegas Revue (2020): On July 22, 2020, it was announced that a docu-series would premiere on August 21, 2020.
The show's format is similar to that of RuPaul's Drag Race, with challenges and a panel of judges.
RuPaul's Drag Race: The Mobile Game is an upcoming mobile app by World of Wonder and Leaf Mobile's subsidiary East Side Games.
Similar to Drag Race, The Switch requires contestants to lip-sync, dance, and perform impersonations.
The first season also made stirs in the Asian LGBT community, the most prominent of which was a campaign to establish versions of Drag Race in the Philippines and Taiwan as well, two of the most LGBT-accepting nations in Asia.
RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under (2021–present): On August 26, 2019, an Oceanic version was announced to be in production and said to air in 2020, but was likely delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Full seasons of shows in the Drag Race franchise are available to stream on WOW Presents Plus in over 200 territories.
Thrillist called Drag Race "the closest gay culture gets to a sports league."
He compared transgender drag performers to doping athletes on his Twitter, and has since apologized.
When season 13 introduced the show's first ever transgender male contestant, Gottmik, RuPaul's catchphrase was changed in order to promote inclusivity: "Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win."
Beginning with season 12, OutTV has shared its first-run rights to the main series (but not Untucked) with the more widely subscribed Crave streaming service, with episodes available on Crave shortly after they premiere on OutTV, in connection with Crave and OutTV's co-production of Canada's Drag Race.
The basic principle of separating the cells inside CCE is the balance between centripetal and the counter flow drag force.
Finally the CCE rely on centrifugal force and the counter flow drag force to separate the cells, so the speed of separation is fast.
Michael is currently working in Snow Queen- a herstory and expose of drag in Canada and a few other documentaries for OutSpoken Series on Out TV.
Lindwall had been playing with an injured leg tendon and his foot drag during the delivery stride led to discussion in the media and among umpires as to its legality.
Bradman tried to stop the journalists from taking photographs of the crease as Lindwall came in to bowl, and deflected media questions about his bowler's drag.
Attending local drag races with Dawson rekindled Hines's passion for cars.
Through this unique group, which comprised 5,000 African American auto racers from coast to coast and encompassed drag racing teams, mechanics, car collectors, and participants in Sports Car Club of America (SCCA) sports car competition, Wright met Ron Hines, a founding member of BARA, and African American NASCAR legend Wendell Scott.
Chief Warrant Officer Lewis "Lew" T. Vinson suggested that the Capewell canopy release be installed on all the Marines' parachutes, static-line or free-fall, to permit the jumper to get out of the harness if caught in a drag.
Since Wangan Island houses a harbor with a seabed composed by a mixture of sand beach and mud, in the early days, in addition to coastal fishery and intertidal zone fishing, local residents used to round up catches with a drag net.
During an engine flame out crews must feather the propellers to reduce the drag on the blades so the plane can glide a farther distance.
Dactylozooids form tentacles that hang below the water's surface and detect and attack prey, and drag the prey towards the gastrozooids for digestion.
The album's biggest hit was "Touch Me," a sad blues done in a slow drag with the rough edges smoothed out by harmony singers and a cool instrumental arrangement that reached the Top 10 and earned Nelson a place on jukeboxes throughput the United States.
The Savonius wind turbine is the most common drag type turbine.
The direction of the drag force is parallel to the relative wind.
Drag applies a force on the body in the direction of the relative flow, while lift  applies a force perpendicular to the relative flow.
It will be shown that neglecting drag leads to a final solution of infinite power.
Experiments have shown that it is not unreasonable to achieve a drag ratio () of about 0.01 at a lift coefficient of 0.6.
To make the lift based results comparable to the drag results, the area of the wing section was used to non-dimensionalize power.
In any lift-based machine (aircraft included) with finite wings, there is a wake that affects the incoming flow and creates induced drag.
However, very high tip speeds also increase the drag on the blades, decreasing power production.
Both these coefficients are defined with the resulting lift and drag coefficients of the airfoil:
Originally, sticks were mounted on the side, but this was later changed to mounting them in the center of the rocket, reducing drag and enabling the rocket to be more accurately fired from a segment of pipe.
This was John Zarella's final year with CNN, where he has featured the Drag Queen Drop in Key West, Florida for a number of years.
He was runner up on Network 10's inaugural season of So You Think You Can Dance Australia in April 2008, and performed at the 18th Drag Industry Variety Awards (DIVAs) in August.
The memoirs of Diogo Gomes suggest the Niominka canoes proceeded to venture out to sea, overwhelmed the remaining Portuguese in the waiting caravel, and proceeded to drag the ship upriver to dismantle it, its anchor later being found in the possession of the Niumimansa.
The decision was made not to drag the airship back to Verdun but to tether her overnight in the open at Souhesmes.
After landing in Port Elizabeth, teams had to find a marked car with their next clue instructing them to drive to Kragga Kamma Game Park, follow a marked course over swamps, attach a log to their car using a rope, then drag the log with their car to the end of the course to receive their next clue.
The Main Drag is an indie pop/indie rock band local to Boston, Massachusetts.
Arrigo has stated that the band name could be interpreted as a Death Cab for Cutie lyric, or it could simply be referring to the main drag of a town.
The video was filmed in Minnesota and features shots taken at a mutual friends home in Minneapolis and from a live performance by The Main Drag at Minneapolis' Fine Line during their Summer 2009 National Tour.
It is unclear when the website was last affiliated with The Main Drag.
It is also called the Pana‘ewa Drag Strip.
Drag mode also features a different engine damage system, compared to other modes, which makes the engine blow up from improper shifting.
Despite the armored defenses of a snail the banded tunnelweb spider are able to bite and drag them into their tunnels.
For swimmers, cyclists, and track athletes, body hair can slow them down by causing drag or wind resistance.
Hollywood night went well, until a drag queen Marilyn Monroe impersonator turned up and caused a near-riot.
Gottmik became the first openly transgender male contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race.
As it is intended to be a humorous award, males performing in drag are eligible to be nominated.
In 2021, Ana Locking was a regular member of the judges panel of Drag Race España.
This season saw the series introduce the Drag Reduction System (DRS) used in Formula One and Formula 2.
 "You Don't Know Me" (RuPaul's Drag Race), a television episode
The ability of persons to express their gender identity is often difficult; for example, in 2006, the Government attempted to ban Mark Anderson, also known as the drag queen "Queen of Bermuda" Sybil, from participating in a parade, stating that he contradicted local mores and sensitivities.
Conan tries to drag him to safety, but Gin notices Conan and tries to shoot him.
The airfield, called also "Hezarfen Hobbyland", offers facilities for model aircraft flying, model car racing, motocross racing, drag racing (cars and motorcycles), car and driver testing and flight simulation.
Welch describes 1970s American drag queen troupe The Cockettes and French chanson singer Françoise Hardy as fashion mentors.
Similar to the -D1A but with an integral wastegate turbocharger and a revised exhaust system and with low drag cylinders.
In the meantime the men have got ready their long nets, and the shoal of fish, as soon as it arrives on the scent of this drag, is surrounded and taken, Mr. Fowler says that he saw an enormous quantity of schnapper secured in this way on one occasion.
: A drag shovel Rescue Vehicle which can transform into .
Steele's change-of-pace allowed Oregon State's Joe Day time to drag down Steele from behind at the Beaver 27 to save a potential Husky touchdown.
The troublesome Mercury engine was exchanged for a Bristol Jupiter VII, and later fitted with a Townend ring to reduce drag.
bag of doughnuts  In drag racing, a driver cuts a perfect reaction time of .000 seconds.
bleach box In drag racing, an area where bleach is deposited for cars to perform burnouts (q.v).
bottle In drag racing, refers to the nitrous system, also a jug.
Christmas tree The series of lights in drag racing that signal the approach and start of a race in addition to showing starting violations.
 A term in drag racing which often refers to the quality of air.
doped (or dope) In drag racing, acommonly used word in the southern states if the car is using nitrous or propane injection on diesels.
This allows it to travel faster through a corner, at the cost of having a reduced overall top speed, since drag is proportionate to lift and downforce is caused by lift.
E.T (elapsed time)  A term used in drag racing about the total time the run took, from start, to finish.
first or worse In drag racing, if both drivers commit a foul, the driver who commits the foul first loses, unless it is two separate fouls, where the loser is the driver who committed the worse foul.
gasser A bodied drag racer running on gasoline (before pro stock was introduced)
Despite its relative size, often only millimetres tall, it can double the downforce achieved by the wing, although at the premium of increasing drag, hence the small size.
heads-up racing In drag racing, where both drivers leave at the same time and is used in all professional ("pro") classes.
Most common in drag racing.
In drag racing, a jump start is signalled by a red light in the offending driver's lane, and they lose unless a more serious foul (boundary line or failure to report to post-race inspection after a round win) occurs.
Using nitrous oxide in the professional categories in drag racing is illegal.
NHRA Acronym for National Hot Rod Association, one of two sanctioning bodies in drag racing located within the United States.
oildown In drag racing, When a car's engine or lubrication breaks during a run, leaving a streak of oil and other fluids on the track.
pro tree In drag racing, timing lights which flash all three yellow lights simultaneously, and after four tenths of a second, turn green.
 In drag racing, the quickest eight cars in a defined race.
shutdown Area In drag racing, it is the extra 440 yards from the finish line, to the sand trap, used to safely shut down the car, and turn it off the track, so the next racers can begin their race.
standard tree In drag racing, timing lights which flash in sequence five tenths of a second between each yellow light before turning green.
tire shake A term in drag racing, when the engine is putting out more horsepower than the drive axle can handle, causing the rear tires to shake violently.
In FWD cars, commonly import drag racing, used to keep front wheels in the ground.
trap speed In drag racing, speed as measured by the speed trap near the finish line, indicative of the maximum speed reached on a pass.
In drag racing, an extreme case, with front wheels very near vertical.
 Drag Queen Heist (2004) (director/producer/writer)
 2004 - won Q Award for Drag Queen Heist (Gay Short Films) at the Fort Worth Gay and Lesbian International Film Festival
The duct length is minimised to reduce drag and weight.
The San Francisco Examiner remarked, "The show tended to drag when our heroine reminisced about her career, but otherwise it was a first rate, bouncy, lively hour, worthy of the fetching wench that Raquel Welch is."
These include the voice of Stace himself (baritone) and three female characters (soprano, mezzo-soprano, contralto) who represent alternatively Stace's sister, Myrtle; a Darlinghurst brothel keeper; and an assortment of female choruses – female freaks at the Sydney Royal Easter Show and also ghosts of female convicts and a gaggle of Kings Cross drag queens.
According to Ted Scambos, a glaciologist at the University of Colorado Boulder and a leader of the International Thwaites Glacier Collaboration, "If Thwaites were to collapse, it would drag most of West Antarctica's ice with it.
According to their attorney, the family decided to settle for various reasons, including concerns about how long the case would drag on and the difficulty in proving the case under federal civil rights law.
Because of bottom drag, as water flows over the bottom the lower tube opening has a lower fluid speed and thus a higher pressure than the upper tube opening.
The magnitude of drag depends on the current velocity, the shape and size of the organism and the density of the fluid.
Incidentally, the shape that  has the lowest pressure drag coefficient is a hollow hemisphere oriented in the direction of fluid flow.
Besides being soft and flexible, organisms have other methods to minimize drag.
Again, this arrangement decreases water drag.
Lower Drag Brace for the F16  - Ti-SiC
On the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, contestant Rosé impersonated Mary Queen of Scots for the Snatch Game episode, where she received high praise for her impersonation and improvisational comedy.
For stability, the wing would have carried floats near each wingtip; these would have incorporated a retraction mechanism to reduce drag.
DANDE (or Drag and Atmospheric Neutral Density Explorer) is a 50 kg class spacecraft developed by the University of Colorado Boulder was the winner of the 5th iteration of the Air Force Research Laboratory's University Nanosat Program.
The DANDE team reported on 9 January 2014 that they had "been unable to actively command DANDE [but that they were] collecting passive drag data through analysis of the TLE's."
Drag induced by the neutral-atmosphere density is the major perturbation on satellites in low earth orbit.
The Coefficient of Drag is simulated using the external geometry of the spacecraft in its science collection state.
In February 2014 to coincide with the launch of Season six of RuPaul's Drag Race, RuPaul released his sixth studio album, Born Naked, including the track "Fly Tonight" featuring Frankmusik.
Even the drag races that used to draw younger enthusiasts in large numbers were reduced due to irregularities in the main straight that forced contestants to race an eight of a mile, instead of the usual quarter mile.
before cooking, a traitor or other criminal after hanging)", but this is followed by "in many cases of executions it is uncertain whether this, or [to drag (a criminal) at a horse's tail, or on a hurdle or the like, to the place of execution; formerly a legal punishment of high treason], is meant.
It allows users to create HTML5 websites and mobile sites through the use of online drag and drop tools.
Efficiency improvements over the original design include a wider ratio spread of 7.8:1, reduced drag torque from the shift elements, reduction in required oil pump pressure, and broadened use of the coasting and start-stop systems.
Events feature different modes, namely circuits, team circuits, elimination races, drift challenges, speed trap challenges, drag challenges and time attacks.
Each city has two full race circuits, one track for drag racing, and the game takes certain parts of a circuit for time trial, speed trap, and drift events.
The soul encounters these demons at various points referred to as toll-houses where the demons then attempt to accuse it of sin and, if possible, drag the soul into hell."
The higher altitude has lower atmospheric drag, which reduces the propellant needed annually to maintain the station's altitude from 6,800 kg (15,000 lb) to roughly 3,630 kg (8,000 lb), depending on atmospheric conditions.
Marion would later gate crash the christening party and drag Candice off.
One new ability is Portal Surfing, which lets the portal gun drag, move and rotate either portal after it has been created.
He then tries to move his trashbin only for it to get stuck to his hand as well, leaving him to give up and drag the bin up his driveway.
One day, arriving just outside Kaifeng where a temple fair is going on, he sees several thugs trying to drag away a screaming girl.
To move pieces, you simply drag them with your stylus.
To reduce drag, Free stripped to his swimming shorts for the final run, which he made lying flat with his legs stretched out and his head low, guiding the Vincent by following a black stripe painted on the salt bed.
When chained to the side of the house, Cerbee will sometimes drag Jimmy's house away, usually bringing it back after a few days.
Everyone was cooperative until the police began to force three drag queens and a lesbian into the back of a police car.
Worms drag experimental triangles of paper by the apex most of the time, and do not rely on trial and error.
The fin tank is used to reduce trim drag by optimizing the center of gravity, which typically would shift forward if water is stored only in the wings ahead of the spar.
Lambert appeared as guest judge and musical coach on an episode of the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
He manages to drag himself home and dies there, alone.
Compared to the previous generation LS, the forward and aft coefficient of lift was reduced to 0.02 and 0.01, respectively, while aerodynamic drag remained the same (Cd 0.26).
The Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing is located at 13700 SW 16th Ave, Ocala, Florida, just off Interstate 75.
Some 90 racing cars can be seen in the Drag Race building, while a further 50 vehicles are in the Antique Car building.
While modification with a different propeller and attempts to reduce drag did improve performance, the Fairey III was preferred, being ordered into production in versions powered by both the Maori and Eagle engines, with only the first two prototype Short aircraft being built.
The inertia force is of the functional form as found in potential flow theory, while the drag force has the form as found for a body placed in a steady flow.
The Morison equation contains two empirical hydrodynamic coefficients—an inertia coefficient and a drag coefficient—which are determined from experimental data.
Second, it is assumed that the asymptotic forms: the inertia and drag force contributions, valid for very small and very large Keulegan–Carpenter numbers respectively, can just be added to describe the force fluctuations at intermediate Keulegan–Carpenter numbers.
Although the inertia and drag coefficients can be tuned to give the correct extreme values of the force.
Although Krueger flaps have been tried before as insect-mitigation screens, previous designs caused additional drag.
World Wide Technology Raceway at Gateway hosts NHRA Drag Racing, IndyCar Series, and NASCAR racing events  east of the city in Madison, Illinois.
The band broke up in 1977 but reformed in 2009 when the Drag City label released their 1975 studio recordings for the first time.
Accidents during drag boat racing
At the time, Jim Davis was publishing a drag racing magazine called Super Stock, so with the existing production staff, the printer, and the distribution network already in place, Jim Davis was planning to add a second magazine to his business.
 Otto Frenzl: Aeronautical pioneer, developed the area rule in 1943, a design technique for airfoils used to reduce an aircraft's drag at transonic and supersonic speeds.
April 1920 - The Alexandria lobby was the scene of a post-dinner "knockdown and drag out fight" between Charlie Chaplin and Louis Mayer.
The Rolls-Royce Goshawk design of 1933 used conventional radiator-like condensers and this design proved to be a serious problem for drag.
At the same time for the minimum possible drag they aimed for "extensive" laminar flow.
During an era when biplanes were still common, the use of a monoplane planform, a NACA engine cowl, and large wheel pants significantly reduced aerodynamic drag, creating a streamlined design.
An accompanying note in the box mentioned Arnor's intention to develop a future release that would support operation in the RISC OS desktop with drag and drop capabilities, but this was never developed.
She has always enjoyed going outside and stargazing or doing other activities, and would usually drag Saku along with her, often against his will.
Heavier pilots require larger sails; tighter courses generally require a larger sail - and for straighter and more open courses a smaller sail provides less drag and therefore greater maximum speed.
It was premiered as a promotional video which included footage from RuPaul's Drag Race, a reality TV show formatted similar to America's Next Top Model.
Drag Racing and the UK’s most advanced musical tesla coil.
The St. Thomas Raceway Park is a drag racing course that is utilized both by the professional drivers of NHRA North Central Division in addition to the local amateur competitors; which spans a distance of .
Tests using this had indicated that incorporating a small step into the upper surface of the wing at the point of its greatest thickness would reduce drag, and Gnosspelius  had started work on the design of a small glider using this discovery when, in early 1923, two prizes intended to promote the development of light aircraft were announced.
The Gainesville Raceway hosts the annual Gatornationals, one of the major NHRA drag events.
Coming to the iron ore-laden Johann Schultes rescue through a north-westerly gale and snow Captain Edward M. Grundt brought his vessel close enough to the German ship so that a line could be thrown on board and used to drag the shipwrecked people to safety.
All Folland's Gloster fighters from the Grebe onwards had used a thick upper wing in combination with a fairly thin lower wing and the Guan followed this pattern, chosen to provide low drag at high speed with good lift at low, take-off speeds.
 Margaret Thatcher Queen of Soho (2013–present) – A drag comedy musical play imagining what life would have been like if Thatcher had got lost in Soho on the eve of the vote for Section 28.
The story takes place in the Montreal, Quebec apartment of Hosanna, a drag queen dressed as Elizabeth Taylor's Cleopatra, and centres on the relationship between her and Cuirette, an aging "stud" and gay biker, after they have returned from a Halloween party.
The advert is part of an advertising campaign from Cadbury to promote Dairy Milk including the previously mentioned gorilla advert and one of trucks drag racing down an airport runway.
Just before the young man died, he'd promised his tormentor that one day he'd return from the grave to drag his soul to hell.
At the end of the tournament, the women of Tottenham and the nearby communities arrive to drag them home.
Although they are disappointed, they drag his body away because there is “still fun to be had.” Hester stands alone in her house, but only has a moment before her bell rings.
Drag holes in Log...3
Default hot keys let you pull up the list of clips, search ClipX's simple manager for a specific clip, or launch an online search for an item, but it does not offer hot keys for individual clips or support drag and drop for easily inserting clips.
When a strange dream girl starts to drag people into a coma-like sleep, Yuuki must enter people's dreams and save them.
Willing was discouraged when the more adventurous Lech, Precarious Drag and Untitled, which relate more closely to his late work, were viewed unfavourably by a critic friend, and he reverted to painting (as he put it) 'stodgy nudes'.
In the 1970s vaudeville had changed and Seattle began the trend of courts, public drag clubs "with 'emperors' and 'empresses' where "lip –synching would remove the need for singing talent and open the way to any man who could dance, quip, or even just costume.
Indiana features the world's largest and most prestigious drag race, the NHRA Mac Tools U.S. Nationals, held each Labor Day weekend at Lucas Oil Raceway at Indianapolis in Clermont, Indiana.
The theater also hosted live shows featuring adult entertainers, a non-sexual cabaret show written and directed by drag entertainer Miss Tiger and special appearances by gay porn stars.
It describes the narrator's trip to a drag racing strip and borrows heavily from an earlier Jan and Dean song "Surf City," also co-written by Berry and Wilson.
While a member of Espers In 2007, Baird released her first solo album, Dear Companion, on the Drag City record label.
There is a strict dress code: "Fantasy Fetish, SM, Body Art, Drag, Rubber, Leather, PVC goes, but no cotton t-shirts, street wear, or regular club wear".
The S-Class is a capacitive touch-based 3D UI that lays out menus as if they were on a film reel, enabling the user to drag a finger across the reels to scroll through the available options.
Sometimes I Wish We Were an Eagle is the second solo album by American musician Bill Callahan under his own name, released on April 14, 2009 via Drag City.
Hoping to jar his memory, they take him on a tour of Montreal's club scene, introducing him to various characters along the way; Touma's cast includes numerous authentic night life figures, among them drag fixtures Mado and Madame Simone.
The DAWT structure typically has poor drag characteristics (see D.G.
Pete Millar (1929–2003), American illustrator, cartoonist, and drag racer
The gang of creatures drag Louie to their hideaway.
He further said the series is "older teenagers and up" because must of the cast are lesbians, along with some fan service, and called an episode where a male character, Masaki, dresses up in drag as one of the "most creepy, unfunny episodes" he had seen in a long time.
Woo is a founding member of Glastonbury's drag scene at NYC Downlow.
Woo was instrumental in taking drag to Glastonbury as part of the first gay tent at the festival "The NYC Downlow".
Woo devised a side project show with his friend the operatic drag queen Le Gateau Chocolat called A Night at the Musicals which has appeared at festivals and events.
Together with the TV director Colin Rothbart, bar manager Zoe Argiros and Gay Bingo drag partner John Sizzle, the four took over the former site of the Paradise Inn on Kingsland Road in Haggerston.
Drag and drop documents and websites onto a map
In an incident similar to Cooper's, drag queens, prostitutes, and trans people fought back against police harassment.
But gender nonconforming people like drag king Stormé DeLarverie, and self-identified "street queen" Marsha P. Johnson was in the vanguard of the riots, with DeLarverie widely believed to be the person whose struggle with the police was the spark that set the crowd to fight back.
Blickensderfer began going to local drag strips to help drivers prepare their cars.
The surviving songs were released as ...For the Whole World to See in 2009 by Drag City.
Among his disguises, he occasionally dresses in drag.
The show consisted of sketches, stunts, celebrity cameos, live action audience participation and live musical acts such as Fall Out Boy, and would have included taped parody skits often featuring Ozzy in drag playing such characters as Audrina from The Hills and Juno.
These days one of the major attraction of Banda de Ipanema is the colorful parade of drag queens in impossible costumes and performances.
Ruiz has appeared on several reality shows, including Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List, America's Next Top Model, and RuPaul's Drag Race, as a celebrity photographer and guest judge.
Julian James gave Luton the lead they required, but two late goals from Rob Matthews saw County drag Luton down with them.
The Badger proved to have a lateral stability problem, an adverse yaw effect caused by aileron drag, and because of this, the third machine was not accepted by the Air Board.
 Leopoldo Mastelloni as Singer in Drag
Despite this the Type 120 was bought by the Air Ministry and used to investigate the drag of the turret by flying with and without it.
The remaining nitrogen is used as propellant for a nuclear-powered magnetohydrodynamic engine, which maintains the orbit, compensating for atmospheric drag.
Filling up the cavity causes an increase in both the mass and drag of the animal.
The reduction of fin surface area helps to minimize drag, and therefore increase efficiency.
Some flat-shaped fish can take advantage of pressure drag by having a flat bottom surface and curved top surface.
Some use lift powered swimming, which can be compared to flying as appendages flap like wings, and reduce drag on the surface of the appendage.
Drag swimmers use a cyclic motion in which they push water back in a power stroke, and return their limb forward in the return or recovery stroke.
Reducing drag on the return stroke is essential for optimizing efficiency.
The less drag a fish experiences, the more it will be able to maintain higher speeds.
Semi-aquatic animals compared to fully aquatic animals exhibit exacerbation of drag.
Frictional drag is due to fluid viscosity and morphology characteristics.
Their fur decreases streamlining and creates additional drag.
Although they are less efficient, drag swimmers are able to produce more thrust at low speeds than lift swimmers.
Frictional drag, on the other hand, is a result of fluid viscosity in the boundary layer.
The body shape of a swimming organism affects the resulting drag.
The secretion of mucus along the organism's body surface, or the addition of long-chained polymers to the velocity gradient, can reduce frictional drag experienced by the organism.
The missile pylons added significant drag when used.
Demos is a compilation of demos and non-album tracks by Imperial Drag, released on May 2, 2005.
The two engage in the high-speed drag race ultimately against an oncoming train.
It uses the Box2D physics engine, which allows objects created in a simple click and drag fashion to interact realistically.
The fluid in a colloidal solution is subject to a velocity profile due to the interactions of the fluid with the walls of the channel; the cells in the solution are subject to various drag and inertial forces that are dependent on the size of the cell and balance accordingly at different locations along the velocity profile.
The canny Duce returned in 1964 with the Moonbeam modified sports car, which at least looked like a traditional European sporty car, but with a drag race and Bonneville heritage.
The AFL-CIO believed that illegal immigrants were willing to work for less money under worse conditions than legal workers and so would drag down the wages of native workers and increase unemployment.
After giving a long, threatening speech to the delegates, police finally had to drag Frank Hussey out of the place.
Via satellite on Larry King Live, She was also portrayed in drag by Jay Leno, who joked that they were related through his mother's Scottish heritage.
The wings were on top of the hull and were braced with four sets per side of Warren strut style interplane structures comprising 'V' struts, which obviated the need for drag inducing wire bracing.
However, it is thought that because of drag forces inside the gaseous envelope, the two objects lose energy, which brings them in a closer orbit and actually increases their orbital velocities.
Many sportbikes such as the Suzuki Hayabusa, the Kawasaki ZX-14, or the BMW S1000RR can perform a 1/4-mile drag race in the 9-second range with little to no modifications.
There are five racing classes dedicated to the sportbike drag racing.
Bracket racing is a relatively inexpensive and easy way to get into drag racing a sportbike.
Ken Achs is a Canadian drag racer.
Dale Armstrong  (1941 – November 28, 2014) was a Canadian drag racer and crew chief.
He was named eleven times to Car Craft magazine's All-Star Drag Racing team; he received their Ollie lifetime achievement award with Bernstein in 1997.
Bob Atchison  (born 1941 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian drag racer.
Despite having a severely damaged leg, he went back to drag his two friends from a burning car.
The drag caused by the landing gear reduced the plane's speed to .
Auto racing: CART, NASCAR, Formula One, Endurance car racing, Dirt track racing, Late Model Racing, Modified Racing, Midget car racing, Sprint car racing, Drag racing, Jeep racing, Super truck racing, Dune buggy racing, KART racing, Sports car racing on ice, Touring car racing, Cross country racing 
cap) keeps the swimmer's hair out of the way to reduce drag.
In addition, a 1989 study demonstrated that shaving improves a swimmer's overall performance by reducing drag.
Full body suits have been banned, but swimmers at the very top levels still wear suits that have been lasered together because stitching creates drag.
In addition, over the years, pool designs have lessened the drag.
The aircraft's structure was designed with the flexibility to accommodate carrier suitable landing gear, tailhook, drag devices, and other provisions for carrier operations.
In 2011, Rose was a guest judge on Season 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In the language of drag performers, language play is also marked by juxtaposition of contradictory aspects such as very proper language mixed with obscenities, adding to the queens' and kings' deliberate disruption of cultural and linguistic norms.
However, her chest infection makes it hard for her to keep up, forcing them to drag her.
The Beckville Mine was mined out in the fall of 2015 and the three drag lines were moved to other mines.
"So effective was the drag of the fence that the cable that engages the main gear was not needed.
In particular, a drag parachute had not been located.
Packet Tracer makes use of a drag and drop user interface, allowing users to add and remove simulated network devices as they see fit.
Several members of Drag City's staff have played in bands; press-chief Gene Booth played keyboards and guitar in USA, and Booth, head of sales Rian Murphy, and founder Dan Koretzky all played in Mantis.
3) They return to place and drag the swords on the ground making a furrow
The above-water recovery of the stroke reduces drag, compared to the underwater recovery of breaststroke.
In these cases, drag and incidental muscle effort is increased at the expense of speed.
As one shoulder is out of the water, it reduces drag, and as it falls it aids the arm catching the water; as the other shoulder rises it aids the arm at end of the push to leave the water.
Becki Newton's brother Matt took on the recurring role of Marc's new boyfriend Troy, and Vanessa Williams's brother Chris landed an appearance as drag queen "Wilheldiva Hater", whom Wilhelmina enlisted for another one of her schemes.
At various times the road has been used as a drag strip, particularly in Rosedale.
Following the challenge, the trio were then tasked with seeing how quickly they could reach 50 mph before seeing how quickly their cars stopped from that speed, and discovered that the challenge would take place at the  drag strip portion of the raceway's track, where at the bottom of it was a river filled with alligators.
Don’t Drag my Body Down.
In a ring frames, the different speed was achieved by drag caused by air resistance and friction (lubrication of the contact surface between the traveller and the ring was a necessity).
Lynch is from Mohill in County Leitrim and has repeatedly claimed to have been "nurtured by drag queens".
Jimdo Creator is a drag and drop style website builder and hosting service which is suitable for users with some coding skills.
The drag and drop style is suitable for users without any technical knowledge who want to sell products online.
During the swimming motion it is really important that they rotate their front flipper in order to decrease drag through the water column and increase their efficiency.
A while later Lisa started dating Denni, who was involved in illegal drag racing.
These forces generate thrust and drag.
At low Reynolds number (Re~100), skin friction accounts for nearly all of the thrust and drag.
At high Reynolds number (Re~102), both skin friction and form force act to generate drag, but only form force produces thrust.
with momentum drag component and a quantum-critical conductivity.
In 1954 the attempt was begun to drag the wreck to Ushuaia where the more difficult dismantling could be undertaken.
The fuselage was an alloy-skinned monocoque structure of polygonal section, and the thicker plates of the wings were also stressed, taking the drag loads.
 Best New Indulgence: The splits on RuPaul's Drag Race
 Willam Belli (RuPaul's Drag Race, Logo)
However, the high drag caused by the launchers reduced the speed and manoeuvrability of the launching aircraft, which could be lethal if Allied fighters were encountered.
It also carried a  balloon used for tracking tests and to increase drag, increasing the satellite's rate of orbital decay after its mission was completed.
The round, streamlined fuselage was optimized to reduce drag and house the considerable amount of equipment and fuel required by the VVS.
Ultimately, by 1987, SpeedWorld'''s coverage encompassed not only  Formula One, IndyCar, NASCAR Winston Cup (and its feeder series such as Busch Grand National, ASA, and ARCA), and IMSA Sportscar Racing, but also racing less familiar to the average person, such as NHRA drag racing, USAC sprints and midgets, rallying, motorcycle racing, monster trucks and more.
Its turning circle is  and its drag coefficient is 0.30.
The Meredith effect is a phenomenon whereby the aerodynamic drag produced by a cooling radiator may be offset by careful design of the cooling duct such that useful thrust is produced by the expansion of the hot air in the duct.
If the generated thrust exceeds the aerodynamic drag of the installation, then the entire assemblage contributes a net forward thrust to the vehicle.
A higher freeboard will give more room in the cabin, but will increase weight and drag, compromising speed.
Their tentacles bear suckers lined with sharp teeth with which they grasp prey and drag it towards a large, sharp beak.
Regina has become Rex again and gave up his drag life, being a customer of Reverend Vandergelding.
From October 1972 to the end of 1974 Saddington regularly supported Sydney drag performance troupe, Sylvia and the Synthetics, which had various members including Danny Abood (aka Daniel Archer), Doris Fish (aka Philip Mills) and Jacqueline Hyde (aka Mel Slatterly).
 It should be completely user-definable with content based on any data field available in the RA database by a simple drag and drop mechanism 
The video ends with a large sign with human-sized letters that reads "The E.N.D" The video is directed by Mikey Mee of Little Minx and features guest appearances by Katy Perry, David Guetta, Kid Cudi, members of the indie rock band Gossip, the designer duo Dean and Dan Caten of Dsquared2 and RuPaul's Drag Race alumni Ongina.
Once installed, the application displayed an icon on the desktop onto which users could drag and drop their documents to have them converted.
The vector  describes the non-ideality of the virtual work and may be related, for example, to friction or drag forces (such forces have velocity dependence).
The philosophy underlying radical drag rejected the concepts of masculinity and femininity, which correlated to ideas of dominance and submission.
He earned the medal as an enlisted man for ignoring heavy fire and his own severe injuries to drag a wounded marine to safety.
The result of the rearward weight transfer was a "wheelie" down the length of the drag strip.
He has a wide range of driving experience from drag cars, road race, and movie cars.
Moore offered to land the guns at Fort Negro and have his seamen drag them the three miles over rough terrain but following a council of war, it was decided to abandon the attack on Fort Royal and concentrate instead on the island's capital, Saint-Pierre.
Bikes meant for drag racing will have fatter, thicker tires, cross country bikes will often have whitewalls or lettering on their tires, and high end bikes will often have custom spokes as well - this can vary in quantity of spokes as well as the spoke material, plating or coating.
Helen releases them to pursue the locket, allowing Molly to drag Heather to shore.
As a central theme of the design, the ninth-generation Thunderbird marks the introduction of highly aerodynamic body design to Ford vehicles in North America (reducing its drag coefficient from 0.50 to 0.35), followed by similarly designed model lines, including the 1984 Ford Mustang SVO, 1984 Ford Tempo, 1986 Ford Aerostar, and 1986 Ford Taurus.
The body's unusual shape (dropping snout, flat and abrupt rear end) yielded an extremely low coefficient of drag for the time period of .
 Honey Mahogany - activist, politician, drag performer, and singer.
Depending on the contest, contestants either try to get one or both hands on the pig, tackle and hold the pig down, or drag the pig to a set point.
Inside the castle, they built huge long ramps so as to be able to drag artillery up on the walls.
The song is one of the slower tracks on Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., played on acoustic guitar, and the lyrics of the song may be about a drag queen.
Racing boats (often called "shells") are long, narrow, and broadly semi-circular in cross-section in order to reduce drag.
His films include The Great Retro-Chic Revival (2005), Trans Neptune: or The Fall of Pandora, Drag Queen Cosmonaut (2007), and The Anachronism (2008).
Without the fins and associated drag, the missile can be more responsive to changes in trajectory.
Bellona was hauled off by Isis shortly afterwards, but Désirée was forced to remain on the sandbank for two days until boats from the squadron could be spared to drag her free.
The Freak of Araby is an album by Sir Richard Bishop, released on May 26, 2009, on the Drag City record label.
Noting that its boss battles can drag on to a half hour in length due to "absurdly overpowered" bosses and an overabundance of health pickups, he states that they are so slow that you "just want to give up on the whole thing".
In 2009, he appeared in Avatar and Drag Me to Hell.
Hurst installed not one but two 425 in³ (7 L) Oldsmobile engines and Toronado transaxles both front and rear; a pair of drag parachutes were mounted in the stock taillight positions and four-wheel disc brakes were fitted as well.
Lawson incorporated into her show the song Varsity Drag from the musical Good News, which at the time was being performed by American Zelma O'Neal at the Carlton Theatre in the West End.
Off the track, Beckman was an instructor for Frank Hawley's Drag Racing School, the official driving instruction school of the National Hot Rod Association, and currently serves as a consultant.
Hydraulically retractable main and tail undercarriages with fully closing doors reduced drag even further.
Laporta also said that "we are better than we have ever been in our entire history in our methods of operation, and now, because they want to destabilise us, people drag up issues like these.
The inscription "28%" on the coal tender indicates that the engine had the potential to lift or drag up to twenty-eight thousand pounds of dead weight.
With an effective drag coefficient of 0.09, peak deceleration for the mountain-launched elongated projectile is momentarily 20 g but halves within the first 4 seconds and continues to decrease as it quickly passes above the bulk of the remaining atmosphere.
This work resulted in a definition of each component's and each subassembly's weight, moments of inertia, location on the aircraft, and aerodynamic drag.
The Newars make a straw figure which they beat and drag around the streets.
Tracks from Tumble and Drag were featured for free download on "rcdlbl.com" in May 2009.
To reduce drag the engine sat in the nose, under a closely fitting cowling, and cooling radiators sat in ducts either side of the rear fuselage fed by long pipework.
The Extended Nosecone was a long spike with a high fineness ratio that lowered atmospheric drag by creating shock waves that cleared the vehicle body during ascent.
Semi-trailer aerodynamic device, a device affixed to a semi-trailer to reduce drag and fuel costs, commonly used in North America
7-foot letters have the advantage of greater readability over a long distance, but incur a large drag penalty on the towing aircraft.
Care must be taken of course that it will stream closed in normal flight;  if attached the wrong way around it will cause a very high drag.
More power will cause a very high increase in drag (for you, pilots: remember 1/2 rho vee square?
Yola users can now integrate this store widget into their websites via simple drag and drop.
 Utolsó cigaretta/One More Drag (1978, single)
The single include ringtones of catchphrases from RuPaul's Drag Race as well as a new version of "Cover Girl" with a rap by Bebe Zahara Benet, winner of the show's first season.
The Avion car is based on a simple concept: fuel economy is largely determined by aerodynamic drag and vehicle weight.
Will and Holly ask him what library he is talking about, and he realizes they never actually entered the cave except now to drag him out.
There are regular ferry crossings over the fjord go between Bognes and Skarberget (E6), and between Drag and Kjøpsvik (road 827).
The difficult lives of unionized workers, prostitutes, and drag queens in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood are portrayed, including drugs, crime and violence.
Founded in 2007, the Rollbase platform allows users to create Software as a Service (SaaS) business applications using point and click, drag and drop tools in a standard web browser with minimal programming.
Such an arrangement could reduce the overall length of the propulsion system and thereby reduce weight and drag significantly.
 Ivy Winters, American drag performer
A tall retractable undercarriage and a T-tail reduce the risk of damage during field landings and reduce drag when in flight.
Terry Jones is perhaps most closely associated with the Pepper Pots, but all the Pythons were frequent in performing the drag characters.
Gilliam claims that Cleese is the funniest of the Pythons in drag, as he barely needs to be dressed up to look hilarious, with his square chin and 6' 5" (196 cm) frame (see the "Mr. and Mrs. Git" sketch).
This eliminated drag when making a curve, which meant that automobile would not skid.
He was testing Pagan's backup car, a Reynard 94I that was intended to be qualified before the crash, as it offered less drag.
Galla were a class of demons that were believed to reside in the underworld; their primary purpose appears to have been to drag unfortunate mortals back to Kur.
Stars including Farrah Moan from Ru-Pauls Drag Race and Michelle Collins and rumoured to be supporting events in the lead up to Pride, including a same sex dance competition at the Brangwyn Hall, a variety performance at the Princess Royal Theatre and a cabaret night at Hyst con the city's High Street.
These high speed fractional rigs are a nearly ubiquitous feature on sportboats and are used for their ease of handling and their high lift and low drag characteristics.
The flat underbody develops lift as speeds increase and the hull rises higher in the water, which reduces the wetted area and decreases drag, allowing higher speeds to be achieved.
Advantages to any launch system that starts from high altitudes include reduce gravity drag (the cost of lifting fuel in a gravity well).
#While all three sub-indices mentioned above indicated a Pessimistic Sentiment, the Inflation Sentiment Index, at 23.5 in March 2012 was the biggest drag on overall consumer sentiment.
To reduce drag, the wings had no bracing wires, bracing being solely by means of struts, with a large inter-wing gap.
Demolition (1978) - as Drag Queen
The second engine was moved to the rear of a nacelle, driving a pusher propeller, offset to a lesser degree to starboard, to compensate for differing drag characteristics, the forward end of the nacelle housed a cockpit for a gunner armed with a flexible machine-gun that extended forward of the tractor propeller in the port fuselage.
Coverage of electricity is relatively sparse, although many other diverse topics are surveyed, including mechanics, magnetism, celestial mechanics, fluid drag experiments, mineralogy, and human anatomy.
This reduces drag on the axle by allowing only the spider and side gears to spin, while the differential carrier, pinion and drive shaft are at rest (as is the inner portion of the disconnected long shaft and its associated side gear).
Users build applications using the drag and drop, component based UI.
Concerning his personal life, Somer has stated that, "When the [Hop-Çiki-Yaya] books were first published in Turkey, some of my friends thought that I was a drag queen or transgender.
The second and third digits go along the wing tip, allowing the wing to be pulled forward against aerodynamic drag, without having to be thick as in pterosaur wings.
The Contestado War, an uprising in southern Brazil between 1912-6, was to drag on for several years before being completely suppressed by purely military means.
The lake is in the Great Lakes Basin with its primary inflow being from the Drag River and the primary outflow controlled by dams is the Burnt River.
The city's underground scene – centered around the now-closed venue Jeff the Pigeon gained attention when hardcore punk group Pissed Jeans were signed to Sub Pop and stoner metal act Pearls and Brass signed with Drag City.
He also does drag racing in a heavily modified R33 Skyline GT-R with over 1,000 horsepower.
Drag City released the band's debut full-length album Dat Rosa Mel Apibus (The Rose Gives The Bees Honey) -- a reference to the Rose Cross-- in 2006, followed by 2007’s Dark Stars EP, with critical praise from Spin Magazine.
Giuliani adviser Elliot Cuker claimed to have persuaded the politician to dress in drag in order to help him with the gay vote.<ref>Peter J. Boyer, "Mayberry Man," "The New Yorker, August 20, 2007, p. 53</ref>
He also added, "These Oscars were a bore-fest that seemed to drag on relentlessly but listlessly."
When Wu Jing announced that everyone who followed Zhou Xin would be killed, Zhou Xin said, "Even if I were at fault, why should he drag civilians into this conflict?"
The gap between the inside of the outer wing and the skin of the inner wing could be as much as 3mm without causing excess drag or affecting the flying qualities.
Both parts of the EPPP involve multiple choice questions; the EPPP (Part 2-Skills) also includes multiple choice/multiple response questions, scenario-based questions, point and click questions, and drag and drop questions.
The drag force on turbines of the same power output is proportionally less for a turbine in faster flow (positioned in the upper part of the water column) than a turbine in slower flow (positioned in the lower part of the water column).
The turbine drag forces are therefore transmitted through a bearing system linking the fixed and rotating parts of the buoy.
From the previous generation, the overall body was wider, longer and higher — with increased head, leg, shoulder and cargo room — and carried a .32 coefficient of drag.
The name arose because they competed in a gasoline-fueled drag racing class, rather than one using methanol or nitromethane.
The students  then concentrated on the fuselage of a new aircraft using the wing of the fs23 extended to 15m span, with drag reduced to a minimum by reducing the wetted area of the fuselage, as a whole, and reducing the sectional area dramatically aft of the wing.
During the restoration a new throttle control was moved to a position outside of the fuselage and, with a pilot whose weight is at the limit, a positive climb rate can only be obtained by the pilot moving his arms and elbows into the cramped cockpit to minimise drag.
UGO Networks writer Jon Lachonis stated, "If you were on the fence before, [the episode] will drag you kicking and screaming into the dark world of Fringe science wielding bogeymen.
The propeller had the unusual feature of being fully retractable in order to reduce drag when the ship was under sail—a task that took about 15 minutes.
The exact speed at which a vehicle achieves its highest efficiency varies based on the vehicle's drag coefficient, frontal area, surrounding air speed, and the efficiency and gearing of a vehicle's drive train and transmission.
Carl Sydney Askew (born 19 November 1952 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former motorcycle speedway rider and a drag bike rider.
As the crew of the Vigilant looks on, Soviet officers are allowed to board the cutter, beat and bind Kudirka, and drag him back to the Soviet ship.
It was released in 2001 by Drag City.
It was designed to minimise drag and the wide-chord wing was faired into the top of the fuselage and the aircraft was carefully faired.
To make the orchestra perform perfectly, players must tap or drag the notes at the right times; if not the performance meter will go down.
Pillay impersonated Shirley Bassey, Eartha Kitt, Lena Horne, Cleo Laine and Dorothy Squires in full drag, with no microphone, and was booked into the Working men's clubs throughout the North of England, as well as the cabaret club circuit.
However, their kidneys cannot keep up, excess sugar is excreted into their urine, and this drag along fluids from the diabetic's tissues.
High Speed Low Drag Bomb (HSLD) is an Indian precision guided munition developed by Armament Research and Development Establishment that is comparable to US Mark 80 series.
Other differences include wheel spats and underbody pans which reduce aerodynamic drag from 0.28 to 0.27 cd, an "Eco" operating mode for the HVAC system that reduces the output of air conditioning to assist fuel economy, and Vehicle Dynamics Integrated Management (VDIM).
Distinctions of the Speciale over the standard 458 Italia are the forged wheels, vented bonnet, finned side sills, a taller rear spoiler and redesigned bumpers, which include active aerodynamics designed by Ferrari Styling Centre in cooperation with Pininfarina; front and rear movable flaps balance downforce and cut drag at speed.
This significantly reduces the drag a swimmer experiences as he or she moves through the water.
Pieces of fabric were put through wind-tunnel tests to check for drag.
An elderly couple living in one of the last back-to-back houses in Leeds encounter a series of jolting surprises, not least when their son returns, as a council official in drag, and reveals that the council intends to demolish their house brick by brick, and reassemble it in the local museum, complete with its occupants.
The wing incidence was reduced to 2° to better align the fuselage with the airflow at higher speeds, reducing drag.
This is a third segment in the flask, in addition to the cope and drag.
Terry Capp is a Canadian Drag racer who was inducted into the Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame in 2001.
Howard James "Sandy" Elliot (d. February 14, 2015) was a Canadian Drag racer who was inducted into the Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame in 1998.
In 1995, he starred as drag queen Chi-Chi Rodriguez in To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything!
The lao Ghede Nibo is sometimes depicted as an effeminate drag queen and inspires those he inhabits to lascivious sexuality of all kinds.
Materialist thinking, ancient as well as modern, has tended to drag man back to an irrational existence, with no room for the spiritual, where everything is determined by sensory means alone.
These hull designs are characterized by fairly sharp bows to allow them to penetrate waves with reduced drag and a flatter underbody aft of the bow.
A Web browser based graphical interface; While most vendors offer drag and drop capabilities, there are a wide range of GUI options offered on these products, some requiring CLI and some not.
The turbulent boundary layer is able to remain attached to the surface of the ball much longer than a laminar boundary and so creates a narrower low-pressure wake and hence less pressure drag.
When the particle Reynolds number indicates turbulent flow, a turbulent drag law must be constructed to model the appropriate settling velocity.
The Plus wing differs from the earlier Beaver wings in that it replaces the internal drag wires with tubes and uses many more ribs to maintain a better airfoil shape, at the cost of additional weight and complexity.
The soundtrack to the film was released by Drag City on 7" in a limited run of 500 copies, with each sleeve "hand-filthed" and signed by director Harmony Korine.
If they timed it well the delivery was made when the toe was still behind the crease, but sometimes they would drag it over the line and they would be no-balled.
One picture showed him with his rear foot past the bowling crease before he had even begun to drag and Colin Cowdrey joked "I was frightened that he might tread on my toes".
When his oxen have some trouble climbing a hill, he sells them to a passer-by in exchange for a new cart, which he then proceeds to drag on his way to the fair.
The reef lizardfish secretes a mucus coating which reduces drag when they swim and also protects it from some parasites.
Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter said "Thuddingly ponderous, heavy-handed and lacking a single moment that evinces any relish for movie-making, this lurch back from the "history" of 300 into the mists of Greek myth is a drag in nearly every way, from the particulars of physical torture to the pounding score that won't quit."
The new body has aerodynamic benefits over the ZR1, with drag reduced by 25% (Cd 0.298) and a 30% improvement over the ZR1 in down force.
Guizhouichthyosaurus, in addition to Chaohusaurus, produced more drag than the other taxa, due to their large flippers.
When one resolves the ratio of lift to drag for each in its medium, the resulting motion of the sailing craft resolves to an angle, beta (β), between the apparent wind and the course over the water.
The sum of those two drag angles are equal to β, the angle between the apparent wind and the course sailed (β = λ + αm).
Speed is determined by the ratio of power developed by the sail over power lost through various forms of drag (e.g.
Efforts to overcome this limit is evident in the streamlined hulls of high-performance iceboats and the improvements in drag reduction on planing dinghies.
1976: The "Crucifier", a race boat powered by a Banks fuel-injected nitro HEMI wins every event it enters, including the NDBA (National Drag Boat Association) and APBA nationals.
Whilst fending off the lamia in front, the one behind grabs Alice and begins to drag her down.
The undercarriage mainwheels were jettisonable to reduce drag, while a boat was provided in case of emergency landing on the sea, being built into the fuselage decking behind the crew's cockpit.
The game is about an 18-year-old race car driver who must chase his dreams of drag racing after being turned down for university and becoming a rōnin due to his joblessness status.
This game is an anime-style racing video game with an extensive simulation mode.Similar in premise to the Rocky III movie, the 18-year-old that the player controlled in Zero Champ RR became the champion of the Japanese Drag Racing World but was insulted.
The SZD-24-2 Foka 2 was fitted with reduced area ailerons to reduce drag, but roll control was dramatically reduced.
Nina Flowers (born 1974), Puerto Rican drag queen, disc jockey and make-up artist
Scales also help increase the lift to drag ratio in flight.
When Sally wakes up, her feet have been tied, and the creatures are starting to drag her to the basement for her transformation.
The two-bladed propeller was designed to stop when level with the wings to reduce drag with the engine off.
Registered pilots may fly their helicopters, participate in seminars, or compete in a multitude of exciting exhibition events including drag racing, pylon racing, night flying competition, or a freestyle 3D competition.
As the homeowners are brought into the fake space Neil and Jay drag the joke out until they finally reveal that the space is a fake.
Catiria Reyes (1959 – May 3, 1999), better known as Lady Catiria, was a Puerto Rican  drag performer, film actress, and transgender beauty pageant winner.
In 1993 she won the Miss Continental Plus pageant, which features large-bodied trans and drag women.
Credited as "Catiria Reyes," she appears in the beginning of the film, in a scene in which the main characters are competing at a drag beauty pageant held at Webster Hall.
Unlike a real fluid, this solution indicates a net zero drag on the body, a result known as d'Alembert's paradox.
The pressure at each point on the wake side of the cylinder will be lower than on the upstream side, resulting in a drag force in the downstream direction.
Foxy Lady is the second studio album by American singer and drag queen RuPaul.
Scales also help increase the lift to drag ratio in gliding flight.
They were later developed into an immersive nightclub drag musical at Harvard in 2015 and later in New York City in 2019, OSCAR at The Crown and the love that dare not speak its name.
At the same time drag was reduced and rudder and elevator lightness improved by lowering the rear fuselage decking and with it the gunner's position.
In 2010, it added a WYSIWYG forms tool to enable users to drag and drop fields and logos into invoices and estimates.
It consists of a concert and a television show in which the main event is a pageant of drag queens, enlivened with other performances of singers and dance numbers.
The story centers on a humiliated detective Ben Chaney (Josh Lucas) who gets a sudden shot at salvation when the ghost of a murdered cellist Corey Little (Lake Bell) solicits his help in finding her killer as he was on a stakeout of a serial killer suspect, Drag Hammerman.
It was released on Drag City in 2009 on CD and LP, but not digitally by O'Rourke's request.
Prior to this first location opening, Eberlin would go to street racing locations, hangouts, drag strips and swap meets where he would sell speed parts out of the trunk of his car.
Later, Harry commissioned a "custom" original music track for the background and retained the drag racing sounds.
During this seminal period, Bourne started wearing drag and changed his name to 'Bette'.
 "U Drag Me" – 4:56
The B-side "U Drag Me" is also featured on that album, but in a different version as the one included on this single.
Presently, all racing associations except drag racing ban nitrous oxide for use in boosting engines.
The drag from the solar atmosphere may cause the orbit of the Moon to decay.
She performs with Mercedes and Santana on stage for the benefit, Broadway Bitches, but the publicity stunt goes wrong when the dogs pull her down and drag her for several blocks.
When they discover that "Max" and "Steve" are actually "Maxine" and "Stephanie," they continue on, undaunted, in drag.
The Mexican Netflix production La Casa de las Flores made a cameo by Rubio throughout its broadcast with a drag queen performing her personality and songs, including "Mío", which appeared in the first season.
This exposure to American audiences led to more Hollywood films, including The Burning Plain, Drag Me to Hell and Red Canvas.
He is unnaturally strong, able to move or drag a full grown human body with ease.
Heart Like a Wheel (film), a 1983 American biographical film about drag racing driver Shirley "Cha Cha" Muldowney
In his first major league plate appearance, he reached first base safely on a drag bunt, driving in the game-winning run in the eighth inning.
The Barton County Speedway, no longer used, was built just west of the drag strip.
The armory, drag strip and the Speedway are all inside what was the northern part of the airfield.
The wing is of a supercritical design, increasing aerodynamic efficiency by 20% and reducing drag by 8% compared to a non-supercritical wing.
by  Michel Audiard, where he plays a schoolteacher who has a spare-time drag act.
Users drag terms on top of their associated definitions to remove them from the grid and try to clear the grid in the fastest time possible.
Club gave the episode a negative review, giving it a C– grade and concluding that, "Overall, the episode was just an excuse to drag out a bunch of tired Jewish jokes and also have Peter briefly descend into antisemitism".
Amar Singh escaped the initial attack on his house by having a Hindu neighbour drag him into the neighbour's house and announce that he was dead.
His foil rats and drag queens produced in the 1970s were included in the 1995 exhibit  "In A Different Light" at the Berkeley Art Museum, which was curated by Lawrence Rinder and Nayland Blake.
Stephens served as a national event PA announcer for the NHRA Championship Drag Racing Series for 4 years between 1994 and 1997 and is a frequent Master of Ceremonies for various automotive and racing tributes, banquets, and award presentations.
Also in 2003, he authored a biographical picture book on the life of drag racer Kenny Bernstein titled "Kenny Bernstein, The King of Speed".
I Ain't Going To Drag My Feet No More
Buttler averaged just under 40 in a horror tour for England resulting in a 4-0 hammering, he top scored in Mumbai with a counter-attacking 76 to drag the visitors to a solid score.
 "Original Colossal Drag Rag" (Rifkin) – 2:59
The local school is now closed, but Musken school was one of two schools in the world that taught in the Lule Sami language (the other school in nearby Drag is still in operation).
Tortorella announced that they are gender fluid during a video collaboration with drag queen Trinity The Tuck in the same year.
Veteran drag racer Arfons was to drive the car for the record attempt, but a month before the scheduled run he damaged the ligaments in one hand, eliminating his chance of driving the car for the record.
Drag tool (D) - used to move objects while the simulation is running.
For Mardi Gras 2009, Ashley teamed with drag star Courtney Act to great acclaim in Gentlemen Prefer Blokes, a bawdy revue style show that ran in Sydney twice, and also played the Adelaide Cabaret Festival and a season at His Majesty's Theatre, Perth.
Harry Hibler - Former racecar driver, drag racing legend, magazine publisher, and automotive industry icon.
Prashanth appeared in a drag role and revealed that the most daunting aspects of the role were the "waxing, the threading, the works" as well as "wearing a sari in summer, doing a bharatanatya sequence in a woman's costume, and getting the nuances and variations right were the other challenges", revealing that his mum had assisted him.
According to Joey Nolfi of Entertainment Weekly, since its release the movie "inspired everything, from drag queen revues to viral internet moments".
It was hoped that this feature would significantly decrease drag.
Then they drag L.A. Park on top of La Parka before rudo referee Hijo del Tirantes counts for three to give L.A. Park the victory.
<li>UI Design: the prototyping tool allows designers to create interfaces with a drag and drop system.
Culloden, bringing up the rear of the British line, passed too close to the northern shoal and grounded, Troubridge suffering severe damage to his hull despite efforts by Mutine and Leander to drag the ship off.
I drag my solely troubled mind
For the 2010 race, the organisers installed a  long moveable steel and foam barrier to the outside of the Subida dos Boxes corner to absorb car impacts and drag it along as opposed to deflecting it back onto the track.
VC is used in many applications including rotor wake computations, computation of wing tip vortices, drag computations for vehicles, flow around urban layouts, smoke/contaminant propagation and special effects.
To cover other non-lifting parts of an aircraft to reduce drag, sometimes forming a fairing.
The windshield, top, doors, and fenders were made from polycarbonate glass, with the body having a drag coefficient of 0.22.
 "Day and Night", a 1967 single by The Drag Set
However, England was critical with the scenes on the alien planet, stating "the scenes on the alien planet drag it down a little, as the lack of emotion held within do not play well against the heightened emotions of Dr Rush's storyline."
Drag shows, ranging in size from performances at local bars to events in hotel ballrooms and other large venues, are the main way in which revenue is raised for charity.
Hewitson was also critical of Karen's reaction to David's attempts to repair their relationship, and concluded by writing, "God only knows why they had to drag the entire cast all the way to Australia.
The remaining three prototypes had simpler structures, with flat-sided fuselages, and many of the drag reducing features of the first prototype omitted.
Application of chemical pesticide results in drag resistance and re-occurrence of the pests, and also kills natural enemy of the pests.
These could be moved differentially as ailerons or together as camber changing flaps, with the gaps between the wings and control surfaces covered in elastic netting to further reduce drag.
For drag and stress reasons the operational altitude had to be in the stratosphere, to which altitude the test vehicles would be carried by a parent aircraft, a De havilland Mosquito
In addition to the Wurmberg Gondola Lift there are three drag lifts, which together have a capacity of 1,700 passengers per hours.
Chetcuti describes how, "On the eve of the wedding, Flores dressed up as a woman, and on another occasion, Flores and others put on a drag show sending up Queen Victoria."
hale "to drag, summon"
On 25 April 2016 a crocodile tried to drag 19-year-old Peter Rowsell from a tent by his foot at Palm Creek, in the Douglas Daly region of the Northern Territory.
The Fahey material finally saw the light of day as The Lost Takoma Sessions from Drag City Records in 2006.
From this, the user can select sections of the disk, see a list of the files in that section showing information regarding individual file fragmentation and location, and individually defragment files or drag and drop them to the desired section on the disk.
Club One is a night club located on Jefferson Street in Savannah, Georgia, famous for its drag shows featuring The Lady Chablis.
It was released by Drag City in 2008.
While Himilco's crews suffered casualties, Dionysius had his men drag 80 triremes across the base of the isthmus to the north of Motya into the open sea beyond.
Following Nick's hunch, they attempt to trace a new drug "black tar" to its source, beginning at a church fair which ends with Nick in drag and his suspect in an armed standoff.
After winning Drag Race, her debut album PG-13 was released in January 2013.
On the night of the premiere episode, Entertainment Weekly columnist Tanner Stransky hailed Needles' macabre style as "drop dead genius" and rhetorically asked "Is Sharon Needles the most 'sickening' (a drag term for 'fabulous') contestant ever?"
On March 27, 2012, Lady Gaga tweeted – "Sharon Needles looks FABULOUS 2night on drag race.
The finale episode aired on April 30, 2012, when it was announced that Needles had been crowned "America's Next Drag Superstar".
She also confirmed that her replacement in the competition would be fellow RuPaul's Drag U professor and the runner-up in the Facebook voting, Pandora Boxx.
Needles was in a four-year relationship with fellow RuPaul's Drag Race contestant Justin Honard, better known by his stage name Alaska Thunderfuck; they ended their relationship in 2013 but remained friends.
In June 2020, Needles was accused of abuse and manipulation by a former RuPaul's Drag Race superfan while they were underage.
The hydraulic force of flowing water can push and pull detached joint blocks out of their initial position and roll or drag them downstream.
Betty decides not to tell him the truth about Gordon, not wanting to drag up the past.
 Tommy Ivo, American actor, drag racer
 July 13 – Charlie Hides, drag queen and comedian
 November 2 – Jade Jolie, Drag Queen and Television Personality
 January 31 – Trinity K. Bonet, drag queen
This aircraft followed the arrangement and construction of the FVA-1, with a lower seating position to reduce drag, increased span/area to reduce wing loading and reduced empty weight.
Ozols expressed concern that the incident had caused the community to feel insecure, and commented "If such a prank is pulled, the culprits should not have allowed it to drag on for so long without revealing the truth."
Use of the theories of fiscal drag and full-employment budget,
As with previous contacts, the VC once again demonstrated their skill in removing their casualties from the battlefield and clearing patrols sent out at first light by the Australians found no bodies, although numerous blood trails and drag marks were observed indicating that the VC had suffered heavily.
He currently works at Logo, Viacom's channel that appeals to the LGBT community and their allies as the social media manager for the channel and its most popular show, RuPaul's Drag Race.
Bruce Sarver (1962–2005), American drag racer
During the Planning phase, the player clicks on the unit icons to drag them to new locations.
), Euroland and the World Economy: Global Player or Global Drag, Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan
The band dresses in masks and joins the crowds in the Carnival of Santa Cruz de Tenerife and it is during this time that the famous photos of U2 in drag are taken.
Due to his creation of the rainbow flag, Baker often used the drag queen name "Busty Ross", alluding to Betsy Ross.
In August 2009 Someoddpilot redesigned the website for Drag City Records, an independent rock label who has signed such bands as Loose Fur, Stereolab,  Joanna Newsome, and Bonnie "Prince" Billy.
The fuselage cross section was kept to a minimum to reduce drag and to this end the pilot sat on the cockpit floor.
The relatively low velocity of the rocket created a considerable problem in attempting to counter the resultant ballistic drop of such a slow-moving projectile, which required that the launcher tubes be mounted at a roughly 15° angle upwards from the line of flight, causing considerable drag on the airframe of the carrier aircraft.
Celebrity ambassadors were former actress Sharon Au, actor Lim Yu-Beng and drag queen actor-comedian Kumar.
Witnesses reported seeing a parachute drifting away from the falling F-100F, leading to the hope that a pilot had ejected, but when the parachute was located it was determined to be a detached drag parachute that normally would be used to help the fighter slow down shortly after landing.
Tranimal  is a drag and performance art movement that began in the mid 2000s in  Los Angeles.
It lowered the overall top speed of all cars by adding drag.
Variety reported that the film was "markedly inferior" to the original and "is basically a Michael Serrault drag variety show ...
The 2009 NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Season consisted of 24 national events held at tracks across the U.S.
Cher (Baron Geisler) is a drag queen who, because of her sexuality, becomes the victim of violent homophobic aggression.
Some examples of positive coverage are marches for same-sex marriage and shows like Ellen and RuPaul's Drag Race, which express LGBT.
The resultant drag coefficient was 0.34 with the rider prone, the lowest of any production motorcycle in 1988.
Even the most unselfish people would surely have hesitated to shelter and hide Jews if they had known that their self-sacrifice would drag out over so many long years.
They showed mathematically that drag on undulatory swimmers (such as dolphins) can indeed be greater than the muscle power it generates to propel itself forward, without being paradoxical.
Muscle power generated should be equated to power needed to deform the body, rather than equating it to the drag power.
This is because during steady swimming, drag and thrust are equal in magnitude but opposite in direction.
However, this doesn't lead to any paradox because higher drag also means higher thrust in the power balance equation, and this does not violate any energy balance principles.
The 2010 NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Season ran from February 11 to November 14, 2010.
A rounded edge would behave as a blunt body in supersonic flight and thus would form a bow shock, which greatly increases wave drag.
Swept wings where the leading edge is subsonic have the advantage of reducing the wave drag component at supersonic flight speeds; however experiments show that the theoretical benefits are not always attained due to separation of the flow over the surface of the wing; however this can be corrected with design factors.
While NHRA has it listed as 1931, other sources, including The Drag Racing Hall of Fame, say he was born in 1928.
Later that year at Seattle's Seafair Nationals, Karamesines would defeat 3 time top fuel champion Shirley Muldowney in round one, Frank Hawley, owner of the Hawley School of Drag Racing in Florida, in round two, and Frank Bradley in round 3, after mechanical issues kept Bradley kept him from making it to the line.
He runs the Drag City imprint label, Galactic Zoo Disk.
Crimewave runs the Galactic Zoo Disk imprint label under Drag City, which has reissued or released archival releases by JT IV, The George-Edwards Group, Ryan Trevor, Ed Askew, Sandy Bull, Midnight, Michael Yonkers, Spur, and others.
In the episode, when Stan crashes a My Morning Jacket concert to drag Hayley out of it, he decides that he likes the band so much so that he becomes a groupie and follows them on the road.
The main legs of the conventional landing gear retracted aft into the engine nacelles and were given fairing to reduce drag when retracted, but the tail-wheel was fixed.
Changes in the pressure in the duct, in combination with small slots on the rear wing, causes the wing to enter a stalled state at high speed, reducing aerodynamic drag and allowing the car as much as an extra  on straights.
Courtney Force-Rahal (born June 20, 1988) is a former drag racer who competed on the NHRA tour.
Simmer In Your Hotseat is the debut album by Boston-based band The Main Drag, originally released on indie label Endless Recordings in 2004.
The winner of the first season won a cash prize of $20,000, $5,000 worth of MAC Cosmetics, was featured in an LA Eyeworks campaign, and joined the Logo Drag Race tour.
The winner of the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race was BeBe Zahara Benet, with Nina Flowers as the runner-up.
This made Benet the first winner of a regular Drag Race season to compete again.
The winner of the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Tyra Sanchez, with Raven being the runner-up.
Shangela and Sonique competed in the RuPaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular in December 2018.
As the men begin to drag her from the hut, Kagenobu tries to come to defense but she holds out her blood covered hand and presses it against his chest to keep him back.
The boys thereupon get out of the water, chase Jenny and drag her back to the edge of the creek.
 Fort Worth Drag (York) 1:05
The two main problems facing Parnall when given an Air Ministry contract to produce such an aircraft were to ensure that, so far as possible the behaviour of the wing was unaffected by interference with the flow over the fuselage or by prop wash, and to devise a way of measuring lift and drag forces whilst in flight.
Though two angles were sufficient to get the lift and drag, a third measurement at another angle was often made as a cross check.
FloodSim is a turn-based strategy game using a drag and drop interface.
There are obvious aerodynamic efficiencies, chiefly low drag, in putting the engine of a propeller driven landplane or floatplane in its nose, but flying boats sit low on the water and propeller clearance is a problem even when the aircraft is stationary.
Lucy tries to break Leon and Zsa Zsa up when they are kissing in The Queen Victoria public house, managing to drag Leon back to her house until her father Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) interrupts them and asks Leon to leave.
On the CD release day of You Are Underwater in January 2010, The Main Drag announced on their website that bandmate Adam Arrigo would be leaving the band in order to pursue other things.
The Fábrica da Baleia do Boqueirão (Whale Factory of Boqueirão), now a part of the Flores Museum, occupies an advantageous place in the area around the port of Boqueirão, with a ramp adapted to drag Sperm whales from the ocean.
Interruptions evolve new textures and drag the piece into the more anxious musical territories.
It took 40 horses to drag the shaft into the city in 1893.
The AIDS fundraiser, an elaborate drag show "beauty" pageant that features amateur performers as beauty contestants, evolved from a small event in a private apartment in 1989 to successively larger theaters to hold the growing audiences.
Both Best In Drag Show and Quest for the Crown are registered trademarks of Aid For AIDS.
Award-winning casting director Patrick Rush, who served as the fundraiser's  Master of Ceremonies for 18 years, is an ongoing producer of Best In Drag Show and was a member of the volunteer team producing Battle For the Tiara since its first year.
The Best In Drag Show volunteers were honored in 2010 by Christopher Street West (CSW) with the CSW Special Community Award.
They portray friends who are heading to California to enter a drag race.
Comper was an early adopter of retractable undercarriages for light aircraft at a time when the balance of advantage between drag loss and weight penalty was not obvious.
The track was so named because its founders envisioned hosting sports car, motorcycle, midget, and stock car races in addition to National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) sanctioned drag racing events.
American drag queen, Pandora Boxx, released a cover of the song in 2012 featuring Tim Permanent.
These describe the variation in drag coefficient as a function of angle  with respect to the flow.
Jorge Luis Flores Sánchez (born February 22, 1974), better known as Nina Flowers, is a Puerto Rican drag queen, DJ, activist, professional make-up artist, and reality television personality who has been performing since 1993.
Flowers became a cast member on Logo's reality series, RuPaul's Drag Race, which premiered on the network in February 2009.
In early 2010, Flowers joined the cast of Logo's new reality series RuPaul's Drag U.
It was later reissued again, on vinyl and CD, through Drag City.
It featured a flat, , 13-turn road course, and a quarter-mile drag strip.
Pardee commenced residential development on a portion of the property as drag racing events were still in operation directly adjacent.
Sify called the film "average" and wrote, "the film has a few gripping moments but suffers on account of inconsistent writing which makes it drag in the second half".
The dimensionless measure of drag coefficient, Cd, varies from .55 to .65 (comparable to a pickup truck), vs Cd .29 for many sports cars and even .20 for high efficiency cars.
Utilizing the lessons of autodynamic rotor development underway since 1933, the C.40 rotor included three flexible blades to suppress vibration and were attached to the rotor hub through inclined flap and drag hinges to give jump-takeoff capability.
As Superboy arrives at Superman's fight with Zod, Superman attempts to drag Zod into the Zone with him.
The drag force is expressed below.
Having made some wealth from an archeological find in Colombia prior to coming to Moscow, the professor offers to bet $50,000 for the medallion in a drag race with Wolf.
 Alison Lohman – Drag Me to Hell as Christine Brown
The Prius Plug-in Hybrid shares many of the same exterior and interior design elements as the standard 2012 Prius, keeping the coefficient of drag at .
A challenge on the fourth episode of the seventh season of Rupaul's Drag Race made reference to Glatt.
Topher notes that DeWitt is going to drag them straight to hell.
"Slowed rotor" indicates that the rotor is then slowed down in high speed flight to reduce drag.
Transonic drag near the rotor blade tip.
The profile drag of a rotor corresponds to the cube of its rotational speed.
Although lift could be predicted with some accuracy, by 1939 the state of the art theory still gave unrealistically low values for rotor drag.
 NHRA U.S. Nationals, drag racing
Prof. McCormick’s research efforts also resulted in electrolytic drag reduction of marine vehicles, analysis of ocean wave energy conversion systems and wave-powered desalination of sea water using hinged-raft systems (working with Dr. Peter McCabe in Ireland).
Hou intimidates the guards burying recent victims, then loads the corpses in a cart and drag it to the temple gate, where villagers and refugees identify their missing loved ones.
Hydrodynamic escape occurs if there is a strong thermally driven atmospheric escape of light atoms which, through drag effects (collisions), also drive off heavier atoms.
So slip into relax mode, friend, take a drag and pour a stiff one, lay back and soak up one of Australia's very real musical greats.
Powered by a water-cooled Salmson 9Z radial piston engine which was a cause of drag because of the need for a large radiator box under the nose which compounded the already large frontal area of a radial engine.
The famous German drag queen Lorielle London visited the housemates as a blind-date for the winner of the live-show match: Robert.
Declan Buckley, Irish television personality and drag queen
Drag racers in Sydney then moved their activities to the 1000 foot strip at Oran Park Raceway.
A study by THL noted that air drag on a canonical 40-long ton 100-passenger hovercraft at  with a (considerable)  crosswind would absorb .
 Pepper LaBeija (1948-2003), American drag queen and fashion designer
menziesii) forest includes the "Skid Road Trail", which was once traversed by 19th-century loggers who used oxen to drag huge firs and smaller Tanbark oak (Lithocarpus densiflorus) trees along "skids" which were flat-topped logs doused with water to reduce friction.
This was necessary due to the greater than normal atmospheric drag.
Tractive forces are transmitted by a drag pivot pin.
Most importantly, they believed that a large pool of unemployed people was a constant downward drag on the ability of workers to bargain for better conditions.
Entertainment includes bands, drag shows, Family Zone, vendors, and food.
In the video, which plays out in reverse, Hutchcraft portrays a drag queen who is chased and beaten by a group of men after he rejects one of them in a nightclub when the man comes on to him aggresively.
He first started dressing in drag during high school, in theatre productions of Grease as Cha Cha and Into the Woods as Cinderella's Stepmother.
Brown was announced as one of nine contestants for the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race on February 2, 2009.
Outside of Drag Race, Brown released his debut album Popcorn on March 18, 2009.
He was one of thirty drag queens featured in Miley Cyrus's 2015 VMA performance.
and Tootsie as major inspirations for his drag.
She was the founding President of Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, the first LGBT theatre company in Canada, whose humble start began in local community centres and, as importantly, local porn houses, with the first show, Drag Queens in Outer Space (written and directed by Sky Gilbert) helped shape the political agenda of gay/lesbian politics for several generations.
Niles Marsh was a female impersonator who began his career on the Broadway stage and then, from the early 1920s to the mid-1940s, rose to become one of the best known drag performers on the American vaudeville and nightclub circuits.
On June 3, 2014, Dareus was arraigned in Hamburg, New York, on charges over a car accident stemming from an alleged drag race with teammate, Jerry Hughes.
The Little Red Wagon debuted in the 1965 season opener at Lions Drag Strip in Wilmington, California, in front of 10,000 fans and reporters from major newspapers and automotive publications.
Further towards the song, the lyric that stands out the most is "One, two; you're the girl that I want, three, four , five, six, seven; shit eight is the bullets if you say no after all this...I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest, and fornicate with it but that's because I'm in love with you, cunt".
Said chief judge Alex Kozinzki, "When you ram ships, hurl glass containers of acid, drag metal-reinforced ropes in the water to damage propellers and rudders, launch smoke bombs and flares with hooks; and point high-powered lasers at other ships, you are, without a doubt, a pirate."
On his return he started Drag Racing with some success.
At speeds of  or over, the frequency of these hits increased to the point where they became a major form of drag, dramatically increasing rolling resistance and potentially causing a derailment.
At  and in a  crosswind, they predicted that their hovertrain would require 2,800 kW (3,750 hp) to overcome aerodynamic drag, a figure that compared favourably to any other form of ground transit.
 Etcetera Etcetera - drag queen
The House of LeMay  is a drag performance team founded in the early 1990s by Bob Bolyard (Amber LeMay) and Michael Hayes (Margaurite LeMay).
Famous drag queens who have appeared on the show include Miss Richfield 1981, Dixie Longate, Sherry Vine, Madge and Bisket, Angela Mansbury, and Sherry Poppins.
She was named "Best Drag Queen" in 2001, and won "Biggest Hair" in 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2007.
The play includes video with drag king Murray Hill in the role of the boyfriend.
He had severe confrontation with Prime Minister Aziz and was of the view that the row between two men had become a personalized affair though he had pleaded President Musharraf not to drag the FPSC into a controversy.
Immunet advises that the free version be used alongside another antivirus program, and supports several particular such programs in the sense that they co-install properly and work in tandem during normal operations without any obvious interference or resource drag.
In 1968, Ben Christ, the track owner of the U.S. 30 drag strip in Hobart, Indiana, wanted to advertise and make it known that his tracks were open on Sundays.
MPC's offerings were marketed as 'Zingers', and featured comical stubby and swollen looking vehicles with huge drag racing engines.
Meredith Blake, writing for the Los Angeles Times, said this episode of 30 Rock was "even more of a comedy drag race than usual."
 3 Lifts = Number of lifts (gondolas / chair lifts / drag lifts)
This substituted carboxylic acid is used as a potential precursor to nitromethane, commonly used as a fuel in drag racing and as an organic reagent in chemical synthesis.
When he came up with the Hot Wheels deal using the Snake and Mongoose characters, it shook the world of drag racing big time.
McEwen won the race against Prudhomme at Lions Drag Strip on September 12, 1964.
Because their first contest had received so much attention, two more races between McEwen and Prudhomme were staged at Lions Drag Strip in 1965.
Sailplanes benefit from producing the least drag for any given amount of lift, and this is best achieved with long, thin wings, a fully faired narrow cockpit and a slender fuselage.
This material is still used because of its high strength to weight ratio and its ability to give a smooth exterior finish to reduce drag.
Flaps are fitted to the trailing edges of the wings on some gliders to optimise lift and drag at a wide range of speeds.
This flow control prevents the formation of laminar flow bubbles and ensures the absolute minimum drag.
In gliders, other methods are used to either reduce the lift generated by the wing, increase the drag of the entire glider, or both.
This will present one side of the fuselage to the air-flow significantly increasing drag.
Spoilers significantly increase drag.
When slightly opened the upper brakes will spoil the lift, but when fully opened will present a large surface and so can provide significant drag.
This feature is included on some competition gliders in order to reduce the pitching moment acting on the wing and so reduce the downwards force that must be provided by the horizontal stabiliser; this reduces the induced drag acting on the stabilizer.
In most high performance gliders the undercarriage can be raised to reduce drag in flight and lowered for landing.
It was about 20 kg heavier than its predecessor, but despite a higher wing loading had a significantly better lift to drag ratio, 21 compared with 17.
Without the aerodynamic drag induced by floats or the weight they added to the aircraft, Pegna projected that the P.7 would reach high speeds.
They have sex but are ambushed by August's henchmen who drag Marlena away and beat up Jacob.
Research was also conducted in the field of supersonic and hypersonic aerodynamics to study plasma interaction with magnetic fields to eventually achieve passive and even active flow control around vehicles or projectiles, in order to soften and mitigate shock waves, lower thermal transfer and reduce drag.
After Ing Filippo Zappata (1894-1994) joined Gabardini in 1923, he further modified the  G.9bis; among various changes he made were an improved engine cowling intended to reduce aerodynamic drag and the mounting of a large propeller spinner.
And when I met her she was in her full Cher Land drag, so I didn't get to experience her as a person."
The record and its follow-up, Skag Heaven, were reissued a decade later by Drag City.
When Wilhelmina confronts Marc, who tells her that she is being impersonated in a drag queen show starring "Wilheldiva Hater".
She would later become runner-up on his hit tv show, RuPaul's Drag Race, in 2017.
Initially introduced by McLaren on the MP4-25, the F-duct is an aerodynamic aid which causes the rear wing to enter a stalled state at high speed, reducing aerodynamic drag and increasing straight line speed.
"Heaven Help the Child" was covered by Bill Callahan for a 2012 split single release from Saint Cecilia Knows and Drag City.
In 2003, he received the Quartermasters “Trailblazer Award” from the Quartermasters Drag Racing Team in Clinton, Maryland for his continuous development of African American race car drivers in motorsports.
The Class recreates the style of drag racing very popular in the 1960s with drivers like Ronnie Sox, Dick Landy, Butch Leal and Judy Lilly.
It was the only class of drag racing at the Monster Mopar Weekend open to all makes of race cars that fit in the strict Nostalgia Super Stock rules.
The early practitioners of Nostalgia Super Stock drag racing are shrouded in mystery and the exact beginnings are hard to discern.
Meanwhile, the popularity of nostalgia drag racing in general and NSS specifically, had continued to grow, spreading to the eastern and southern regions of the United States.
The Nocturnal Dreamshows also launched The Cockettes, a psychedelic San Francisco drag troupe, into underground fame.
In 1934, Mitchell and the design staff decided to use a semi-elliptical wing shape to solve two conflicting requirements; the wing needed to be thin to avoid creating too much drag, but it had to be thick enough to house the retractable undercarriage, armament, and ammunition.
This used the cooling air to generate thrust, greatly reducing the net drag produced by the radiators.
Supermarine developed a new laminar-flow wing based on new aerofoil profiles developed by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the United States, with the objective of reducing drag and improving performance.
Her propeller could be hoisted up into the stern of the ship to reduce drag while under sail.
In species with longer tails, males tend to have longer tails than females and which also create drag, since this is no advantage except for when courting, the authors suggested long tails may have evolved through sexual selection.
To provide extra flotation allowing smaller floats, lighter structure and less drag, fuel was carried in integral tanks built into the floats.
As the rider does so, an "inside" rail fin sinks deeper and its angle of attack is increased, as is its lift-induced drag.
These combined factors of toed-in rail fins cause several issues: drag on a toed-in outside rail fin can slow the board down in trim, but it can also give a braking effect during turns that is useful.
This is a significant additional factor in lift at various attitudes, drag, and performance, as are the variables of other foils – including flexibility, thickness, and planform.
The skeg has undergone numerous phases of development and, as with other foils, its design is determined by the balance of the pressures it experiences in use, including lift, drag (physics), ventilation and stall (flight).
This reduces drag, increases lift and improves overall performance of the fin design – a World Tour Proven Innovation that has set the path for 3DFINS as an innovator of Fins.
It's a real drag when he's away and a substitute fills in for him."
Kenny Bernstein - drag racing driver and former NASCAR owner; nicknamed the "King of Speed"
Saul, a man whom Annie has been dating is unable to drag Annie into a door, she doesn't want to go.
While penetrating dense jungle to rescue F-4 crewman, Captain Lynn A. Aikman, who had a broken leg, knee, elbow and jaw, McGrath exposed himself to intense ground fire in order to drag the incapacitated Aikman to a suitable recovery area.
Editions of the paper in Great Britain described the film The Wind That Shakes the Barley (2006) as being "designed to drag the reputation of our nation through the mud" and "the most pro-IRA ever"; conversely, the Republic of Ireland edition praised the film and described it as giving "the Brits a tanning".
Justin Weaver (actor and drag persona "Girlgantua"), 3 time Best Entertainer of Columbia County as voted by Columbia County residents.
 Drag City (Jan and Dean)
When the plates are pressed together closely enough, the film between the plates is thin enough that the drag between them is sufficient to transmit the drive without slipping.
In the early-1980s a new type of Exótico emerged in Mexico, where they were now overtly homosexual, somethings in real life, sometimes only in their ring persona, adopting certain aspects also found in drag queen culture.
She joined the U.S. Navy at age 18 but left soon after due to sexuality-based harassment to pursue a career as a drag performer and make-up artist.
The case was to drag on for years, with Hearst posting guards to protect the ballot boxes, before finally losing his bid to have the election result overturned.
Keith Levy has performed in drag as Sherry Vine since 1992.
Vine is a fixture in the New York City drag circuit.
Starting at version 1.5, Mama was integrated with the open source Alice IDE to support drag and drop programming and 3D animating.
That implies that while writing textual scripts with Mama language supports all object oriented elements (inheritance, polymorphism, generic programming, Observer pattern style event handling), creating objects and methods with the drag and drop interface is object based - there is no inheritance (and thus no polymorphism).
The design was also streamlined to reduce drag and round cross-section wing struts were replaced with aerodynamic extrusions.
He appears in the episode Big Time Sparks, where he is determined to drag Jordin Sparks, who makes a special guest appearance, away from "Rocque Records" and to that end, sends Gustavo a package with a live skunk in it in order to ruin the studio and convincing Jordin to record her new single with him instead.
Starting with season eight, Hall became a resident choreographer and occasional judge on RuPaul's Drag Race.
Along with Drag Race, Hall frequently appeared on Logo TV's game show Gay for Play Game Show Starring RuPaul alongside other celebrities.
They offered the lead in Kinky Boots "without even auditioning, because they felt my story was so similar to that of Lola's", a drag queen cabaret performer.
Later that month he had a guest appearance in the Bob's Burgers Season 8 episode "The Bleakening" as drag queen Miss Triple-Xmas (or Cleavage to Beaver) performing the song "Twinkly Lights".
Purse First (music video by Bob the Drag Queen)
Filo became “Cindy of Samoa”  Samoa's first ever fa'afafine celebrity attracting tourism and fans for her drag revues in Apia.
Both Grosjean and Pérez expressed surprise at finishing on the podium, while 2011 winner Jenson Button finished sixteenth in what he described as his "worst race in years" and Michael Schumacher suffered a hydraulics failure that left his drag reduction system (DRS) device jammed in the open position.
Shooting locations were Hancock Park in Los Angeles, Larchmont Village and San Fernando, California, which was at the time the site of the San Fernando Drag Strip seen in the film.
Such films, frequently distributed by AIP, "featured large doses of sex, violence, hot rods, drag races, and rock and roll."
When Arny spots his erstwhile girfriend Terri Warren (Snowden) dancing with Hank Adams (Larry Dolgin), he flies into a rage and attempts to drag Terri out of The Shack and nearly gets into a brawl with Hank and the other Road Devils.
These rocks were harmless to surface fishing and marine life but prevented bottom trawlers which drag the on sea floor.
 RuPaul's Drag Race – Logo/VH1
They find him cowering in a closet with the boy, then drag him away to jail.
The soul encounters these demons at various points referred to as 'toll-houses' where the demons then attempt to accuse it of sin and, if possible, drag the soul into hell."
 Tamara Mascara (born 1987), Austrian DJ, fashion designer, presenter, and drag queen
The library is also the proud recipient of the popular Bob and Margaret Green drag scene video collection.
Drawing on her experience with the drag car racer Charlie Snyder and his surprising death in Vietnam, Schorr questions everything regarding reportage, memory, and the inability to recreate the past.
The NHRA was formed by Wally Parks in 1951 in an effort to promote the sport of drag racing while keeping young people from racing on local roads.
Bracket racers, is the same size as the Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series Wally but with a pewter finish.
The tables are turned, however, when his fellow students resent his power and show him up at a drag race.
You drag your family through mud in this sport with the things that they have to hear.
In addition to maintaining flight at very high angles of attack, lift and drag forces can be managed through circulation control.
I was boxing lovely at the start then I let him drag me into a fight.
As the Orb is about to attack Spider-Man, a portal appears and hands of the minute men drag the Orb through; the Orb screams about "The Czar" just before the portal closes.
In 1870, while in drag, they were arrested after leaving a London theatre.
Somerville had accompanied Boulton and Park to a ball; they had been in drag, he had been in male clothing.
There was no doubt, he said, that some of the accused had appeared in public in drag, and suggested that such outrages of public decency should be addressed by future legislation that allowed sentences
Sigifredo emerges to protect Elena, but Ubaldo's followers appear and drag Sigifredo away to prison.
It is also featured in the 2013 mobile game Real Racing 3, Nitro Nation Drag & Drift (2014) and CSR Racing(2012)
At a time he was said to have the best speed in the world in drag flick (speed 145 km/h).
The Chatter Telephone was designed by Ernest Thornell, whose daughter Tina would drag around a metal phone while playing.
 A  package for use with the Clipboard and Drag and Drop.
According to director Poltermann, much criticism of the film was due to its uneven tone, with some people preferring the start but not the end, while others felt the start was "a drag until stuff starts happening a third of the way through."
As of summer 2010, two exhibits, Remembering the Berwick Ball, and The International Drag King Community Extravaganza Exhibit, have been curated by the Gay Ohio History initiative.
Eli Gold warns Becca if he does not stop her Tweets, the result will be similar to the 2009 horror film Drag Me to Hell, in which a young girl is tormented by demons.
When Thornhill replied that she could not and began walking at a much brisker pace, Black clasped his arms across her mouth and navel and attempted to drag her into his vehicle.
In rocketry, the Goddard problem is to optimize the peak altitude of a rocket, ascending vertically, and taking into account atmospheric drag and the gravitational field.
These intakes create drag that must be overcome by the engines.
The reduction in drag improves performance of the aircraft and reduces its operating cost, such as fuel consumption.
The drag reduction occurs due to the reduction of surface area exposed to the airstream and concealing the hydrodynamic features of the floats.
 installation of cockpit selectable hi-lo drag bomb capability
Eddie Cockrell, writing in Variety, describes the film as a, confident, satisfying drama and that, Helmer and co-scripter Yesim Ustaoglu brings a novelist's feel for pace and character development to a story that, at close to two hours, could wear out its welcome but deftly avoids drag.
Khumalo claimed that during Jub Jub's 2010 arrest for a drag racing incident, she was "dealing with a partner who [was] going through a very serious case, who was also very abusive, emotionally and physically".
Smart skins would have sensors and electronics integrated into the fuselage of the aircraft itself to increase sensor performance while reducing drag and increasing speed and maneuverability.
His drag name comes from a girl whom he dated as a teenager and "Wild" comes from his amazing dance performances.
Besides his participation on RuPaul's Drag Race, Wild (along with season one contestant Nina Flowers) has performed on the popular Puerto Rican television program Objetivo Fama, which airs throughout the United States and Latin America.
Since appearing on RuPaul's Drag Race, Wild appeared in a music video for the popular reggaeton band Calle 13, and fielded offers to record a dance/techno music album.
Inspired by Valesca Popozuda and Tati Quebra-Barraco, in 2014, Rhael became the drag queen "Lia Clark", working as DJ known to play funk.
In the same year, Clark started to work as a DJ; already under the alias of "Lia Clark", the artist became known as "the drag who plays funk".
The track "DHDQ" (which stands for "Debbie Harry Drag Queen") is a tribute to Debbie Harry.
The very first Viva Glam ambassador was drag queen RuPaul.
Hardy ordered the rest of the patrol to retreat back to their lines whilst he remained to drag his badly wounded sergeant back  to safety.
Victor later wakes up in a cell in an abandoned building, and watches as two guards drag Anka out of her cell.
A low pressure system over Italy caused the airflow to drag the very cold air from Siberia to Western Europe and picked up further moisture from the North Sea which produced the heavy snowfall.
Rick, a brash, hustling, opportunistic amateur drag racer, is courted by affluent Grant Willard, who wants him to participate in his burgeoning Figure 8 stock car racing competitions, where the driving pattern guarantees crashes and injuries.
It was the first drag racing game for a personal computer.
Quinceton College Zeta fraternity stages a revue with members in drag.
Benishek said that the bill targets "bureaucrats in Washington who drag their feet and don't do their jobs."
In 2018, he returned as a surprise contestant for the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, placing in the top four.
His first drag performance was alongside Cyndi Lauper in The Gay 90s bar after moving to Minneapolis in 2000.
Benet was revealed as the surprise 10th contestant on the third season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, becoming the first-ever winner in the show's history to return for an All-Stars season.
In June 2021, Kudi Nwga will be featured in "Gospel Brunch Drag Show", an "LGBTQIA+ Youths Of Color Celebrate Black Pride" event, and the virtual "Pride Bigger Than Texas" event livestreamed from the Bonham Exchange.
Outside of drag, Kudi Nwga is the CEO of The Lavish Labs, an event planning and decor firm.
While many made wing performance worse, they got promising results with backward-facing steps on the lower surface of the wing – in some cases giving considerable enhancement in lift without much of a drag penalty.
Despite promises to conduct a review early in the parliament, the new government continued to drag its feet.
The Ford Fairlane Thunderbolt is a limited production, factory experimental, drag racing version of the Ford Fairlane produced during the 1964 model year only.
The Thunderbolt, as tested with a four-speed transmission at Lions Drag Strip in November 1963, ran a  of 11.61 seconds at .
It debuted on the Drag City label on May 18, 2010.
When Paul does his drag queen act "Thelma Louise" at The Woolpack, he makes jibes about having a secret boyfriend and drops hints.
Dražen is a Serbo-Croatian masculine given name, derived from Slavic root drag ("dear, beloved").
The Trident was a fast-looking bullet-shaped aircraft, furnished with an aerodynamically clean fuselage and thin, straight wings in order to minimise drag.
Similarly to the aerodynamics of flight, powered swimming requires animals to overcome drag by producing thrust.
It is also suggested that lift based swimmers have higher swim speeds and greater metabolic efficiency than drag based swimmers because they are able to displace greater water volumes (thus experiencing greater reactive thrust) with their wings than a comparable sized bird can with its feet.
As a result, drag based swimming mechanisms are more often seen in birds that live in estuarine environments with more environmental obstacles that must be avoided.
Penguins: one of the most highly adapted birds for swimming, penguins swim via lift produced by their wings and demonstrate a highly streamlined body shape that reduces drag.
This primary requirement for swimming, however, means that flying fish are heavier than other habitual fliers, resulting in higher wing loading and lift to drag ratios for flying fish compared to a comparably sized bird.
His credits as an animation producer included the Academy Award nominees The Drag (1966), What on Earth!
This arrangement allows a smoother flow of water over the body, and reduces drag.
These scales also have riblets which are aligned in the direction of flow, these riblets reduce the drag force acting on the shark skin by pushing the vortex further away from the skin surface, inhibiting any high-velocity cross-stream flow.
The reason for this drag reduction was that the turbulent vortices became trapped between the denticles, creating a ‘cushion like’ barrier against the laminar flow.
Pressure drag is created from the pressure difference between the anterior and posterior side of the shark due to the amount of volume that is pushed past the shark to propel itself forward.
When the laminar flow increases around the fish the pressure drag does as well.
Lifting vortices are what push the boundary layer out and away from the surface of the shark which results in reducing the overall drag experienced by the fish.
Racing components introduced at the PRI Trade Show each year apply to all forms of auto racing and karting, including drag racing, stock car racing, Open wheel racing, road racing and off-road racing, as well as diesel, performance marine, truck and tractor pulling, trailers and tow vehicle performance, and more.
Further minimization of drag by streamlining the body allows for speeds in the vicinity of 500 km/h (310 mph).
The shape and rigidity of the suits also have to be designed to minimize the coefficient of drag.
They destroy the windows and windshield, slash the tires, and drag Vicky out.
Google Calendar permits users to drag and drop events and happenings from one calendar, such as Microsoft Outlook, to another.
A related issue is drag.
In any event, as soon as anyone got near to them, the wind would suddenly come and drag the boat away, so that in the end no one could ever reach them.
The facility has a quarter-mile drag strip, a 2-mile road course, 7/10-mile kart track as well as mud racing tracks.
In 2002, MTV filmed a drag racing documentary at the track.
This appliance makes files viewable as if they resided on a local disk and allows users to drag and drop files directly to and from a tape cartridge.
1966–1998), American hot rodder, drag racer, and businessman
The Shake Weight commercial has also been parodied by Saturday Night Live, The Daily Show, Two and a Half Men, South Park, Regular Show, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas,  Rupaul's Drag Race, Deadpool, and Thor: Ragnarok.
There are also three dancers and also four drag queens who are performing with the girls in some dance-scenes.
Too much focus on one or the other can be a drag, and this episode suffered a bit for it."
John Force Racing is an NHRA drag racing team.
It was hosted by RuPaul and a team of drag queen "professors".
The episodes start with RuPaul introducing three "students" to their assigned drag professors for each episode.
The student with the highest DPA wins and is presented with a diploma and feather boa from her drag professor, performing the show's theme song.
Season 3 featured returning professors as well as newcomers from seasons three and four of RuPaul's Drag Race.
However, after seeing a group of punks drag in a homeless man, he sneaks into the Drake's nightclub.
This also allowed a reduction in fuselage size, weight, and drag.
Economy-wide labour reform might induce consumer spending cuts, adding another drag on a weakened economy."
Momentum: the drag experienced by a rain drop as it falls in the atmosphere is an example of momentum diffusion (the rain drop loses momentum to the surrounding air through viscous stresses and decelerates).
Jackson has served as a designer for BCFx, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, IHRA Drag Racing – Sportsman Edition, NFL Fever, NBA Inside Drive 2004, NCAA March Madness, Madden NFL, and Viewpoint.
iClone v4.0 – October 2009 – Drag and drop manipulation and a gizmo for transforming objects within the 3D viewport was added in iClone v4.0.
According to JBM Ballistics, using drag coefficients (Cd) provided by Lapua, the L115A3 has an approximate supersonic range of  under International Standard Atmosphere conditions at sea level  and  at  altitude of Musa Qala.
In 1974, the first six women aviators earned their wings as Navy pilots: Jane Skiles O'Dea, Barbara Allen Rainey, Rosemary Bryant Mariner, Judith Ann Neuffer, Ana Marie Fuqua, and Joellen Drag Oslund.
Its genres include disco, blues, hip hop, country, punk, etc., and a number of shows on special areas including Gay Musicals, songs about Gay Marriage, AIDS, Bear Music, Drag Queen, Gay Christian Music, a number of shows on Transgender artists, etc.
He also wrote: "Tools and practices for managing projects and programs as investments have been defined... For example, critical path drag is a concept for evaluating how much any activity along the critical path can be shortened to optimize the project duration."
Brandon Bernstein (born August 2, 1972) is an American drag racer, and son of NHRA Legend Kenny Bernstein.
In 2021, Nicholson served as a judge on RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under, alongside RuPaul and Michelle Visage.
Otherwise, information about Have One on Me surfaced slowly, mostly being kept secret by the press and Drag City.
Pitchfork Media also reported that Drag City revealed the album cover, which the webzine described as  an "utilitarian cover art, a far cry from the fancy portrait that adorned Ys".
To promote the album, Drag City streamed three tracks, starting January 26 and ending on February 15, with each one of them being streamed during seven days.
Jones has stated that the PFI funding under which the University Hospital in Coventry was built and is now serviced has caused a substantial cost drag, and has put huge financial pressure on health services in Warwickshire.
The enormous drag of their wide hulls made their engines ineffective and they could make only 8 knots.
McMichaels later went on to participate in the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, where she was eliminated first by BenDeLaCreme for saying she would send home the best competitors if she stayed.
She returned again for one episode in the third season of Drag U in 2012.
Morgan was also featured in Lady Gaga's lyric video of "Applause" along with other drag queens.
McMichaels performed the single live on the Drag Race: All Stars 3 premiere episode talent show.
A spring-tooth harrow, sometimes called a drag harrow, is a type of harrow, and specifically a type of tine harrow.
The non-hydraulic drag harrow is not often used in modern farming as other harrows have proven to be more suitable, such as the disc harrow.
Drag harrows can be a name used for several different types of equipment.
Drag and drop of MIDI files onto the arpeggiator display is also possible now so that monophonic/polyphonic sequences can be imported into the arpeggiator.
However, the problem this creates is a greater depth in the water, and a resultant increase in hydro-dynamic drag, reducing speed.
The aircraft then commenced a roll to the left most likely due to the asymmetric drag effects of the different propeller pitch angles.
In the next practice session the car ran with both radiator ducts open, which aided cooling down to 85 °C, but gave the effect which was likened to losing a cylinder on the Mulsanne Straight, due to the increased drag.
Controversial material includes animal abuse, drag play, nudity, and sexual fetishism as well as pantomimed erotic acts involving both children and adults.
The resulting aircraft, the ANT-21, was like the ANT-7, a monoplane, with its corrugated all-metal wings based on those of the ANT-7, but having reduced span, and with the corrugations covered in fabric to reduce drag.
Melanie Troxel, American drag racer
Prior to the cabaret starting the bar would be cleared of glasses and drinks and the staff would clean the bar ready for the drag to dance along with it in their heels.
Lily Savage, the drag persona of Paul O'Grady, was a regular performer for eight years, with shows four times per week.
Careful testing of the weights and strengths of the materials and parts utilized in its construction played a paramount role in its design, as did testing in the wind tunnel to minimize drag and maximize lift.
Episode 15: "Legacy / Drag City"
For the first time drag chutes were used in 1937 by the Soviet airplanes in the Arctic that provided support for the famous polar expeditions of the era.
Sire Malicorne (a comic character) has also been sent from court to find and drag back the missing son-in-law.
Famoso Raceway is a drag racing track north of Bakersfield.
In the fall of each year, Auto Club Famoso Raceway also hosts the California Hot Rod Reunion, a gathering of street rodders, drag racers and auto enthusiasts.
Steck was inspired to do drag after watching the eventual season six contestant Darienne Lake perform in an outdoor festival in Rochester, New York.
Boxx auditioned two times before becoming a contestant on the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
After her elimination, Entertainment Weekly called her their pick for "America's Next Drag Superstar."
In 2012, Sharon Needles won the online voting to appear on RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, but revealed that she was not going to participate due to the fact she was the reigning winner of the fourth season.
The Music Video featured fellow RuPaul's Drag Race'''s contestants Alaska Thunderfuck, Jasmine Masters and Mariah Paris Balenciaga, as well as Jai Rodriguez from Queer Eye.
On May 26, 2021, it was revealed that Pandora would be competing in the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars alongside 12 other contestants, including fellow season 2 contestant Kylie Sonique Love and fellow All Stars' season 1 contestant Yara Sofia, where she placed 6th.
 Michael Steck, also known as Pandora Boxx, American drag queen
Her drag mother is Boston performer Karisma Geneva-Jackson Tae.
She and Raven appeared as guests on "Snatch Game" during the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
She became the fourth queen, along with fellow All Stars 5 competitor Alexis Mateo, to compete on three different seasons of Drag Race, following Shangela, Latrice Royale, and Manila Luzon.
She is among the most followed queens from Drag Race, and as of October 2021, has accumulated over 1.1 million Instagram followers.
 The Birth of a Queen: Directing a Drag Classic - The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (Video documentary short)
Raven was a fixture in the South African nightclub scene before gaining international prominence for appearing in both the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race and the first season of All Stars.
He recalls the exact date to be the tenth of May, where he and Mayhem Miller (another Drag Race alumnus) performed for the very first time.
Petruschin returned to Drag Race as RuPaul's make-up artist for the ninth season, episode 3.
| RuPaul's Drag Race (season 12)
Raven made a cameo in the 2011 music video for "Diamond Crowned Queen" by RuPaul's Drag Race season three winner Raja.
The video presented his style as the epitome of 2000s-era drag.
The mob soon found him, putting a noose around his neck to drag him away.
The race saw the use of a single Drag Reduction System (DRS) zone, located along the back straight to facilitate overtaking into Turn 12.
Antoine Ashley (December 17, 1984 – October 1, 2012), better known by the name Sahara Davenport, was an American drag queen, singer, reality television personality, and classically trained dancer.
The first season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars aired following her death, and featured her partner, Manila Luzon, as a contestant.
Following the success of this version of the song, Peruvian girl group Son Téntacion released a salsa cover featuring all female vocals mostly from Peruvian artists such as Maricarmen Marín and drag queen Chola Chabuca, and also Puerto Rican singer La India.
Gardella made his debut in the NHRA Sport Compact Drag Racing Series in 2001.
Sadly, the sport compact drag racing world lost the Pro FWD category forever after the 2008 season.
This led to re-releases of other early albums, including the psych-folk album Grimwood, originally recorded in 1971 and reissued in 2007, as well as the early 1970s works Michael Lee Yonkers and Borders Of My Mind, both reissued on Drag City in 2014.
NoClick simulates left, right, double click and drag.
Amy dresses as a bride, Craig a cowboy, David as Elvis, Erika as Marilyn Monroe, JD as a drag queen, Liz as a glitzy go-go dancer, Michael as a pimp, Michelle as a pin-up girl, Regina as Lady Luck, and Taylor as a rocker.
In the early morning hours of September 15, with the storm still raging, the ship's anchor began to drag.
Tailless aircraft have been the dream of many aircraft designers in their quest for reduced drag and greater aerodynamic efficiency, with the students and faculty at Akaflieg München equally fascinated by aircraft without tails.
 schlep: to drag or haul (an object); to make a tedious journey (from Yiddish שלעפּן shlepn and German schleppen)
 Playboy Tre – "Sideways (Salem Drag Chop Remix) from ATL RMX (2009)
If they find a small, single food source, they will attempt to drag it back to the nest.
This is a list of contestants who have appeared on the American television show RuPaul's Drag Race.
The show featured fashion model Stacey McKenzie, actor Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and RuPaul's Drag Race season 11 runner-up Brooke Lynn Hytes, along with a different guest host on the judging panel every week.
A total of two seasons have been produced since 2018 and 24 contestants have competed, with only two drag queens who have won the show — Natalia Pliacam and Angele Anang.
Drag Race España is available on ATRESplayer in Spain, and on WOW Presents Plus in the United States.
Drag Race Italia is available on Discovery+ in Italy, and worldwide on WOW Presents Plus.
The supine seating position also reduced the cross-section of the cockpit to a minimum, reducing drag but resulting in cramped conditions in the cockpit.
approximately elliptical lift distribution can be attained, reducing induced drag significantly.
Cesar suspects that an undercover police officer is among the models (in fact, one of the women actually is a special agent), so he orders his mercenaries to drag the girls into his dungeon for interrogation.
The Matratze (mattress) antenna array in its full form had sixteen dipoles with reflectors (a total of 32 elements), giving a wide searching field and a typical 4-km maximum range (limited by ground clutter and dependent on altitude), but producing a great deal of aerodynamic drag.
Wally Parks, founder and head of the NHRA at the time, decided to move the Springnationals to National Trail Raceway in 1972, based on the popularity of drag racing in central Ohio.
It was later featured on Episode 11 of the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race, as part of RuPaul's "Lip sync for your life" song list, in which Barrino was a guest judge.
Cashmere Ramada was seen as a dancer while Shelly Oceans was seen as a drag queen (performed by Allan Trautman).
The general body holds weekly meetings as well as guest speakers, drag shows, retreats, trips, and service projects.
As well as walking, there is a 1,142-metre-long chair lift which was opened in 1967/68, 3 long and 3 short drag lifts with 9 pistes as well as a sommerrodelbahn and winter toboggan runs.
In winter the small ski area with its old double chairlift and two drag lifts is used especially by day visitors from the surrounding area as far as Munich.
He had previously appeared on other reality series including America's Next Top Model and RuPaul's Drag Race.
For apparent wind angles behind the sail, lift diminishes and drag increases as the predominant component of propulsion.
This occurs when the angle of attack increases with sail trim or change of course to cause the lift coefficient to increase up to the point of aerodynamic stall, so does the lift-induced drag coefficient.
A sailboat's speed through the water is limited by the resistance that results from hull drag in the water.
The values of driving force (FR ) and lateral force (FLAT ) with apparent wind angle (α), assuming no heeling, relate to the values of lift (L ) and drag (D ), as follows:
Both their design and method for control include means to match their lift and drag capabilities to the available apparent wind, by changing surface area, angle of attack, and curvature.
At the same time, induced drag increases with angle of attack (for the headsail: αj ).
They also show that, for lower angles of attack, a higher aspect ratio generates more lift and less drag than for lower aspect ratios.
Drag predominant (separated flow)
Polar diagrams, showing lift (L), drag (D), total aerodynamic force (FT), forward driving force (FR), and lateral force (FLAT) for downwind points of sail
In the right-hand diagram (running before the wind), lift is one-fifth of the upwind cases (for the same strength apparent wind) and drag has almost quadrupled.
Sails characteristically have a coefficient of lift (CL) and coefficient of drag (CD) for each apparent wind angle.
Traditional displacement sailboats may at times have optimum VMG courses close to downwind; for these the dominant force on sails is from drag.
The men drag César downstairs and threaten to kill him unless the women open the door.
Julie Stepan (born March 30, 1986 in Grand Prairie, Texas) is a professional drag racer, and a media / broadcasting professional.
But stuck in a flailing production that might just as well invite Perry's signature drag creation Madea to the block party, the actors' earnest work isn't enuf."
The squadron took part in Project Drag Net, recovering instrument packages from high altitude research or reconnaissance balloons.
"Measurements of the Drag Coefficient of Soaring Bird" – Aeronautical Engineering Review, December 1950
The siege will drag on for several months, until Francisco de Albuquerque, leading the remnant of the Sodré patrol, hurrying down from Angediva, arrived in Cochin in August–September, and forced the Calicut forces to withdraw.
Many after-market accessories were available for muscle bikes including wheelie bars, drag chutes, "slick" tires, speedometers, windshields, hand grip streamers, headlights, taller sissy bars, axle spinners, and back rests.
Turbojets are still used to power medium range cruise missiles due to their high exhaust speed, low frontal area, which reduces drag, and relative simplicity, which reduces cost.
This term now starts to offset the still increasing ram drag, eventually causing net thrust to start to increase.
Festival (2002) in Berlin - a one-month-long festival of women performing masculinity, femininity, androgyny and drag.
 Sex, Drag and Male Roles; Investigating Gender as Performance (co-authored by Stephen Bottoms) published by University of Michigan Press 2010.
This meant that the engines had a large frontal area, which made it less useful as an aircraft powerplant due to drag.
  (experiences with Project Drag Net)
He and Ste talk before the police drag Brendan away.
With seven NHRA World Championships, sixteen Division Championships, and well over 100 victories at the national, divisional, and local levels, Team JEGS is among the most accomplished racing entities in the 60-year history of organized drag racing.
Jeg Jr. is a six-time NHRA Champion, winning his fifth Pro Stock title in 2013 as one of drag racing's greatest drivers.
Undertaker accepted and would taunt Kane with his pyrotechnics, as well as drag him under the ring later.
The Giulia has a drag coefficient of .
The airport has a second runway which has been closed for some time and is currently used as a drag strip by Bremerton Motorsports Park.
The Korean War, which ultimately ended at the 38th Parallel, would drag on for another two bloody years due to the determination of Communist China and the North Korean leadership to impose communism on the entire Korean Peninsula.
The drag rope is used to draw the bucket assembly horizontally.
A bourgeois white man (Ligardes) finds himself the victim of mistaken identity when he dresses up in drag yet is mistaken by authorities for a criminal Algerian transsexual.
 Bear Hands - What A Drag (February 16, 2010)
A player has to use a stylus to click on blocks and to drag them in one of 4 directions.
At an ascension on 1 September 1858, he experimented with the use of a drag rope as a guide.
In July 1872, he ascended from Boston Common, and was carried out to sea, but, after descending until the drag rope trailed through the water, a yacht was met with and the rope tied to its mast.
K-M also noted that maglev in general would have a wide array of advantages over traditional designs, including no contact with the running surface (eliminating wear), no noise or vibration and thus very little sound, low drag, and a low-profile vehicle because there was no "undercarriage".
First drag everything haphazardly around the bottom by the trawls, and then send in the submersibles?
It also was performed as the Lip Sync song of the 3rd episode of the second season of Canada's Drag Race.
She is the aunt of notable drag queen and actor Willam Belli.
Model Chelsea Tallarico, daughter of Aerosmith lead singer and former American Idol judge Steven Tyler, is featured in the band's 2011 music video for the song "Long Slow Drag."
The window begins to burn and the silhouette of the Queen of Hearts appears before it explodes in flames, and the Queen's tentacles drag Alice into the inferno.
Suddenly they leapt forward and began to drag the two officers into the compound.
Back Up Off Me: Players are tied to each other, back-to-back, and have to drag their opponent to knock over their own barrel.
The carbon-fiber composite construction is claimed to allow a lower drag shape than does all-metal construction.
The project was inspired by observing electric drag cars.
Bauer protests as they drag him off that he’s a loyal Nazi.
In June 2011, the show celebrated Gay Pride Month by alternating drag queens in the role of Rodney each week.
The financial sector is widely seen as a drag on the economy due to the inefficient state management.
The lower walk of the contour trail is part of the old logging route which was used by oxen and mules to drag timber for sale in Durban and Pietermaritzburg.
Leighton did much to keep alive and transform the Victorian tradition of English choral music, purge its piety and drag it into the (late) twentieth century.
Drag Flick Pushing the ball so that it is raised off to ground when attacking a penalty corner.
Sid is quickly followed into the changing room by Chris, laughing at Tony's fight with Kenneth, only to panic and drag them out when he sees Angie is there.
The gloved regions are also instrumented to gain data on pressure and drag distributions and boundary layer behaviour.
Air brakes, dedicated flight control surfaces that work by increasing drag.
Later wind tunnel tests showed the corrugations doubled the wing's drag, reducing the Racer's top speed by .
A drag queen planned to dress as Selena for a performance; he was hit by a car and left to die.
The concept describes an entrycraft that would brake using the drag of Pluto's thin but highly spread-out atmosphere.
The first truck to feature anyone in drag, this far-out trio cooks up Indian-Tex-Mex fusion cuisine.
The Lunch Ladies' message, Bachelor Kitchen's samples, and Navin bringing out his drag queen persona are utilized in order to find customers.
Returning with their Indian Tex-Mex concept and Navin's showmanship as the titular drag queen, Mystikka Masala return to the competition and prove why they won their season.
 Noreen Cavanaugh (Ginger Snappz) – a colorful drag queen with a heart of gold who has had her own wildly successful television sitcom.
The 2007 NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Season was the first NHRA season to include the Countdown to the Championship.
A satire on the personalities behind religious cults, featuring a game show starring Johnny O'Keefe and drag act Sylvia and the Synthetics, the video premiered at the Co-op and toured universities with a live performance from the Synthetics and Fabinyi's earlier work, including the controversial TV Dinner, which polarised audiences due its uncompromising and unerotic sexual subject matter.
Additionally, the orbital decay is caused not by atmospheric drag, but by solid body tidal forces not considered by Shklovsky.
It was released in 2007 on Drag City.
On December 31, 1969, The Cockettes, a psychedelic drag queen troupe, performed for the first time at the Palace Theatre on Union and Columbus in the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco.
Tony Pedregon (born March 8, 1965) is a 2-time NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Funny Car Champion from Torrance, California.
No drag racer has ever won the ESPY Best Driver Award.
Cruz Pedregon (born September 19, 1963) is a 2-time NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Funny Car Champion from Torrance, California.
Booster and spacecraft separated but a parachute was torn off the booster due to excessive air drag.
The 2011 NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Season began on 24 February 2011 and concluded on 13 November.
With her newfound popularity, Mona behaves similarly to Alison, constantly bullying Lucas Gottesman in the same sense Alison did and even telling Hanna that she will cut ties with her before she lets her drag her back down to the bottom.
In the course of their voyage, they meet a series of society's dropouts; the unemployed, drug addicts, drag queens, alcoholics and anarchists.
He set about modifying his C/Altered drag racer designed for a quarter-mile strip into a salt flats racer that will run 8 miles (13 km) on the vast salt flats.
The application includes a drag and drop interface to edit a website, and HTML, CSS and JavaScript editors to add styles and interactivity to the elements.
Glaze had been warned repeatedly by the police department (LAPD) that in order for him to stay open for business he must prohibit drag acts, groping, physical contact and male-male dancing, and not allow more than one person at a time in the restrooms.
O'Donnell had commanded the battle with cool resolve under constant fire throughout, setting the standard for his men and on one occasion he had run  through heavy fire to drag a wounded medic to safety.
A sweep of the area by the Australians subsequently resulted in the recovery of a further five dead Việt Cộng, however drag marks and extensive blood trails indicated that they had suffered heavily, with perhaps another 33 killed or wounded in the contact.
The D-12 was built as a medium performance glider using the new construction techniques to minimise drag.
Cycle News covered road racing, off-road, motocross, supercross, enduro, flat track, speedway, and drag racing, which appealed to a broad range of motorcycle enthusiasts.
Dejected and not knowing what to do, Jagan goes to the bar, where he is attacked by Rocky (Sudhir) who has lost the drag race earlier that day and his friends, but Jagan fights them off.
The circuit included one Drag Reduction System (DRS) zone, located along Reta Oposta.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; one was on the straight between turns 11 and 13, and the second on the start/finish straight from the final to first corners.
The race saw the return of two Drag Reduction System (DRS) zones and two detection points, as was the case at the .
The Drag Reduction System meant that drivers could run higher downforce settings than they usually would, offering more grip in the corners and unlimited DRS usage in the straights.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; one was on the straight between turns seven and eight and the second on the straight linking turns ten and eleven.
Similarly, the Drag Reduction System (DRS) was introduced for the 2011 season, and consequently had never been used at the Bahrain International Circuit in a race.
After experimenting with two drag reduction system (DRS) zones with a single detection point in 2011, the FIA decided that the 2012 race would use a single, longer DRS zone, mirroring the approach used in Canada.
The drag reduction system zones used in 2011 were shortened for the 2012 race.
De la Rosa admitted that the team did not have a Drag Reduction System (DRS) device available to them in Australia, and expected the addition of the system to the HRT F112 to yield up to a second per lap in qualifying.
Physicist Peter Woit, of Columbia University, has criticized the book: "One thing that is sure to generate sales for a book of this kind is to somehow drag in religion.
Her first model, Clarice, turns out to be a drag queen named Clement.
For example, Norwegian F-16s are fitted with drag chutes because of wet, slippery runways.
Models for the shoots are the professors from RuPaul's Drag U.
In October actor Richa Chadha filed defamation suit in Bombay High Court against Payal Ghosh seeking ₹1.1 Crore damages for attempting to unnecessarily drag Chadha's name into Ghosh's allegation against Kashyap.
Newman chose the name Painted Willie from a 1950s thesaurus he had found in a thrift store which defined it as an old English synonym for homosexual, or more approximately transvestite or drag queen.
In 1998 Drag City Records released the Nig-Heist's discography on CD.
The word tutuva'ine (meaning "like a woman") is used less frequently and normally refers to a cross-dresser or a drag queen.
Further aerodynamic drag reductions came from having the water-cooled engine embedded into the wing with retractable radiators.
TV Guide wrote of the film, "a lifeless effort...The gangster premise is merely an excuse for Lucan to try out some humorous bits (in drag, of course), but the picture is too padded to hold much interest."
During the 2016 Grammy Awards, Mars had a flask engraved with the lyrics, "One shot for my pain, one drag for my sorrow" from the song.
In 2013, the song was used as a "lip-sync for your life" song on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, during the seventh episode "RuPaul Roast".
Females exhibit a post-copulatory behavior that involves performance of a drag walk with the male moth.
Since most peasants are unable to pay, the Turks drag them back to the camp, tied to their horses.
Advanced skirt instead of a deep skirt for less drag and reduced craft weight
For the HEMU-400X, researchers developed an aerodynamically optimised contact shoe cross section that reduced drag by about 40% and lift amplitude by about 25% in comparison to the contact shoe of the KTX-II pantographs.
JONAS and High School Musical Photo Mashup – Users click and drag pictures of Disney stars into a canvas, add backgrounds and stamps to create their own design.
They are also used on drag race cars because they offer a weight advantage over systems that utilize a distributor and battery.
The club was frequented by drag performers, musicians, Club Kids, employees of other bars and clubs, skinheads and other denizens of downtown New York nightlife, including Dean Johnson and Lady Bunny.
This arrangement places the main landing gear further forward than usual, providing a drag moment to oppose that of the fin in vertical flight.
She is able to drag him out of the house, but then succumbs to her wounds and dies.
Includes: Oughta Know, Maybe You’re Right, Eating My Heart Out, Thread, Harm's Reaches, First Love Song, Again, Drag the Night, Into, Backslide, Beat ‘til Now, Scattered, Fall Down, and Sleep.
Justin turns up in Ramsay Street and asks Declan for another drag race.
 Ford Mustang Mach 1 Drag Pack (1971)
Libby Cookstein—is Andy's ex-girlfriend who visits Agrestic to drag him off on a traveling adventure.
The helicopter is designed to prove the concept of a high-speed helicopter which depends on slowing the rotor speed (by 15%) to avoid drag from the advancing blade tip, and to avoid retreating blade stall by unloading the rotor while a small wing provides 40–80% lift instead.
By controlling boundary layer conditions, the fluidic controls can also generate either greater lift or drag during the take-off and landing phases of flight.
XMG created a mixture of original IP games such as Fashion Star Boutique and Drag Racer World, and co-produced/licensed projects including Degrassi, Inspector Gadget's MAD Dash and Ghostbusters: Paranormal Blast.
Flying scale models were tested in 1984, which led to the development of the drooped wing tips for better low speed handling and reduced drag.
The core game-play in Drag Racer is quite simple.
Version 2 of Drag Racer was launched and featured on the first page for almost two years.
The game allows players to customize their drag racer with paint jobs, custom decals or personalized pictures or photos.
Players can connect with the Drag Racer World online community and become part of its global racing circuit.
The village experienced a small boom with the opening of the Yellowstone Drag Strip race facility, six miles due west of the old train stop.
Homeless camps are big concerns for residents, who say they sympathize with the homeless, but say they drag in too much trash.
The back cover of Morrissey's 1990 album Bona Drag.
In addition to his sometimes controversial drag performances, Cole is perhaps best known for his 2010 campaign to be Mayor of Toronto.
Other challenges include a drag race between a Holden VE Commodore ute and a standard looking Ford Transit van customised (unknowingly to the Australian presenters and Hammond) with a Jaguar XJ220 engine, and the double car race seen in Series 11 of Top Gear UK.
Because of the Arrow's long, narrow, aerodynamic, lightweight design and rugged suspension, it was used extensively in various types of racing including SCCA road racing, rally and drag racing.
The final tweak was the application of a drag reducing shark skin like riblet covering, applied to the hull just prior to the challenger finals.
The scene features drag races and explosions in the background.
She continues to drag him through endless corridors.
The Beach Boys, already a highly successful rock band, tapped into the California cruising and drag racing culture, spearheading a short-lived rock music craze commonly referred to as "hot rod rock".
She won one of the featured drag race competitions, the Super Stock, automatic transmission (S/SA) event.
Developed with Safran, the slimline nacelle with clam-shell cowl openings reduce weight and drag.
Baron's film acting credits include Valley Girl, National Lampoon's Joy of Sex, Real Genius, Introducing Dorothy Dandridge, Drag Me to Hell, Spider-Man 2, The Prince and Me, Allie & Me, Universal Soldier, Someone to Watch Over Me.
Blister-type bubble windows were replaced with flat ones, painted group markings were removed, and the aluminum aircraft skin polished to a high luster, all in order to achieve the least possible drag.
When a policeman stepped in to arrest the private, Deubel intervened, threatening to drag a policeman to the camp to be "whipped as he deserved".
At high speeds, the close spacing of the hubs reduces drag.
After dubbing it a weaker version of "Toxic", he said, "And that just leaves us here with a song ['Poison'] which is all stomp and huff, a dramatic bang of a thing, which seeks to drag all the bad girls to the dancefloor so they can holler their evil intentions to into the faces of nervous men.
The drag coefficient on the third generation GS design reached 0.27 Cd.
A shopper may then drag and drop (and mix-and-match) clothes on the virtual mannequin.
Coverage of NHRA Drag Racing also ended for the network that year (with exclusive coverage of the NHRA going to ESPN/ESPN2); though the network would continue to air other motorsports events until the 2004 Champ Car season.
The short gain by the Egyptians was the "opening salvo" of a conflict between the two empires, which would drag on over the next two decades.
To develop this equation, a general situation in which there may or may not be an energy loss between upstream and downstream, and there may or may not be some obstacle on which there is a drag force Pf is considered.
At the 2009 induction ceremony, entertainer Robert Kaiser (also known as Joan-E) was the first inductee into the Hall of Fame, and he was followed by Olympic gold medalist Mark Tewksbury, head of the Canadian Drag Court Ted Northe, author and bookseller Janine Fuller and former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, for his role in decriminalising homosexuality in Canada.
Kate tries to drag Paul, but eventually has to save her own life.
Sugar Dish) featured Boston-area actors, burlesque and can-can dancers, drag kings, hoopers, ballerinas, acrobats, and bellydancers.
In 2021 it was announced at Bell Media's upfronts that Crave will air 1 Queen 5 Queers, essentially a revival of 1 Girl 5 Gays with a new roster of LGBTQ panelists moderated by drag queen Brooke Lynn Hytes.
The Beechcraft 1900C aircraft has a very low rate of climb with landing gear in extended position due to increased drag while operating with a single engine.
is a 1987 Canadian comedy film directed and written by Richard Benner and starring Craig Russell as Robin Turner, a drag queen.
Bradley, whose Mint Berry Crunch powers were actually real, manages to subdue Cthulhu, drag him back to the dimension from which he came, save the other heroes from oblivion, shut the hole which BP drilled into the Gulf of Mexico, and briefly return home to give the middle finger to his sister.
Butler understands drag cannot be regarded as an example of subjective or singular identity, where "there is a 'one' who is prior to gender, a one who goes to the wardrobe of gender decides with deliberation which gender it will be today".
Butler suggests that "[t]he critical promise of drag does not have to do with the proliferation of genders... but rather with the exposure of the failure of heterosexual regimes ever fully to legislate or contain their own ideals", although such remarks fail to indicate how the inadequacies of heterosexual regimes might be explicitly exposed.
Miller rotated his bowlers and the wickets were shared by Pat Crawford (3/51) whose drag allowed him to bowl a yard down the wicket, Alan Davidson (3/41), bowling with a shoulder injury, and the slow left-arm wrist-spin of John Treanor (3/64).
first ball and Tom Graveney for 14 and generated great pace off his short run, but his long drag left him only 19 yards from the batsman when he bowled and he was very difficult to play.
In 2021, MNEK appeared as a guest vocal coach on RuPaul's Drag Race U.K series 2.
Episode 7 photo shoot:  Gender swap with a drag queen
This war, unlike the six-month war with Spain with 500 combat deaths, "would drag on for three long years" and cost the lives of over 4,000 U.S. servicemen.
 Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) consists of API management, a connector library, and a visual, drag & drop flow builder.
As with the previous season, each week's episode was followed by a behind-the-scenes show, RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked.
{{Episode list/sublist|RuPaul's Drag Race (season 3)
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Three: Raja
Formed in 2004 by Mike Donovan and Adam Stonehouse, they released music on Siltbreeze, Drag City, Woodsist and several other independent record labels.
Air flow balls can also be used in golf practice, when they are roughly the size of a golf ball, but the harder they are hit, the more drag is created, so they are safe for golf training at home.
In the morning, the two are awakened by two policemen (Tim Robertson and Robert Morgan), who drag in an unconscious Taylor and lecture Danny about morality.
Crop dusting aircraft use this airstrip; drag racing also takes place on the airstrip.
As he was doing so, a rioter attempted to drag Mott off his horse and Mott was forced to kill him with his cavalry sabre.
There are no excluded volume interactions between the beads and each bead is subjected to a random thermal force and a drag force as in Langevin dynamics.
Several men break through a barricade and drag Shannon outside, but she is saved by Henson, who is killed instead.
To reduce drag while under sail, the single funnel was retractable and the propeller could be hoisted into the hull.
44 years later, the Akaflieg Stuttgart FS-29 experimental high performance sailplane also used telescopic wings to optimise both low speed thermalling and high speed penetration performance without the added induced drag of camber and area changing flaps.
Mithun appeared in Drag in the Usha Uthup sung song " Dekho 36-24-36... Ankhon se peele ".
The Redding Drag Strip is a family oriented track that provides a safe and fun place to race or spectate.
The Brick Theater is a venue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn that presents dance, performance art, drag, comedy, film, music, experimental theatre, and more.
Examples include reboot and reconnect, drag and drop file transfer, screen recording, safe mode support, multiple monitor, command line access, wake-on-LAN, VoIP, chat, and a custom toolbox for quick deployment of support tools.
Zach Boddicker is an American musician best known as the original lead guitarist and pedal steel guitarist in the alt-country band Drag the River, and now as guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter for Denver, Colorado-based rock band 4H Royalty.
Drag the River official site
You really want to drag these characters into the equation."
Then Gibson, who had come to watch the Tournament, tells the program that he saw where both Bosh and his henchmen drag her away to; so the program battled his/her way through the Elite Guards, across the Light Sail Station to Bosh, derezzed him and saved Quorra.
In the sixteenth hour, on the run to the Ford Chicane, the #7 lost its engine cover, and by the time the car pitted, with the time it lost already from the drag it carried, it was sent in the garage for short repairs.
In the design of their third generation vehicle – Faust – the team focused on several key concepts to produce a solar vehicle that was competitive in international competitions; mainly, to minimize drag and weight.
(Others have donned drag, of course, but that's a different animal.)"
The forces acting on space vehicles are of three types: propulsive force (usually provided by the vehicle's engine thrust); gravitational force exerted by the Earth and other celestial bodies; and aerodynamic lift and drag (when flying in the atmosphere of the Earth or another body, such as Mars or Venus).
At 1200 hours on 20 February 1918 Gallup, by then under the command of Ensign C. P. Berlin, USNRF, was anchored in the Harbor of Refuge at Lewes when a moderate northwest gale caused her to drag her anchor.
He and Brian tie her hands and drag her to the barn where he keeps the Cleeks’ two German shepherds.
Edward Cowley, New Zealand-Samoan facilitator, entertainer and drag queen
The Caffe Cino production had Medea played by a man (Charles Stanley) in drag.
ShyBoy's music has been featured in RuPaul’s Drag Race, Dynasty, America’s Next Top Model, the Capcom video game Devil May Cry 4, and the trailer for Halloween.
In their quarterfinal match against Albany the Seawolves were able to use strong defense and a stellar offense to drag a 67–61 win against Albany at Hartford against an opponent that swept them in the regular season.
 Pseudo-John IV Laskaris (1262) – the treatment of John IV Laskaris by Michael VIII saw an uprising occur at Nicaea under a pretender who claimed he was the boy, forcing Michael to drag out the real John IV to disprove the pretender's claims.
A supercritical airfoil is an airfoil designed, primarily, to delay the onset of wave drag on aircraft in the transonic speed range.
He drives out there to check it out, and gets involved with drag racers, topless dancers and bikers.
After everyone is paired off, Chooch admits his name is "Leon" and he and Wanda decide to leave and get married, and Greg and Camille are a couple, but Bobby stills needs to prove his manhood by beating Moon in a drag race in their respective vans.
James William Ross IV (born April 22, 1988) is an American former drag queen and reality television personality who performed under the stage name Tyra Sanchez.
During his time on RuPaul's Drag Race, Ross spoke candidly about his periods of homelessness and personal challenges prior to auditioning for and being selected to appear on the show.
At the time he won the title, Ross was one of the youngest contestants to appear on RuPaul's Drag Race.
In March 2020, Ross publicly stated he was retiring from drag.
McMichaels later lampooned the scenario upon her re-appearance on Rupaul's Drag Race All-Stars 3; as she made her entrance to the workroom she joked "I look pretty good for a dead bitch".
Just over five months later, Ross publicly announced his decision to quit drag, stating on his official Instagram page, "For those asking, Tyra Sanchez has fulfilled her purpose in my life.
In the end, it took six policemen to drag him away from the fight.
It then applies these initial values to the control each time that control is drag and dropped onto the Form Designer.
Later that month, it was confirmed that British journalist and television host Tom Ford and American drag racer Antron Brown would be Fichtner's co-hosts.
However, due to the increased aerodynamic drag, the maximum speed at ground level decreased to 294 km/h.
Drag Act, Drill Hall, London, 1993
Guests have included Detox, Alaska Thunderfuck, Bob the Drag Queen, and Betsy Sodaro.
It was originally released by Off-Price Value Center in 2007 and then re-issued on LP by Drag City in 2010.
The high school maintenance crew keeps the field free of stones and they regularly drag the field to keep the surface from getting too hard.
The Australian Spread Eagle fan club honored this by creating a "Pro Mod Edit" of the video, where the go-kart race sequences were replaced with real drag racing footages.
A four-day holiday in Benidorm in the new year did not seem to help the Vale, as three straight defeats followed to drag them down the table.
Not Music is the tenth studio album by English-French rock band Stereolab, released on 16 November 2010 by Drag City and Duophonic Records.
A pair of parallel aluminium struts inside streamlined spruce fairings took lift and drag loads to the lower fuselage longerons.
Not Yet is the second full-length album by Israeli band Monotonix released January 25, 2011 on Drag City records.
The company produces horror films such as Don't Breathe, Evil Dead, Drag Me to Hell, The Grudge and 30 Days of Night.
is an acoustic alternative 7" vinyl EP by punk rock singer Joey Cape of Lagwagon and southern rock singer Jon Snodgrass of Drag the River, released on March 2, 2010, through Suburban Home Records.
The album featured songs from Cape's bands Lagwagon and Bad Astronaut and from Snodgrass' bands Drag the River and Armchair Martian in new acoustic alternative country-flavored renditions.
In exchange, Charles agreed to appear at GOUGE's second anniversary show in Raleigh, North Carolina in a "gimmick" of Grog's choosing which was revealed to be dressing up in drag.
The Herald wrote that "in true One Direction style, Drag Me Down is a catchy love song with a poppy beat".
On the show, two contestants compete against each other and "resident expert" Ken Herring, attempting to predict the pass times (the elapsed time from a standing start until crossing the finish line 1/4 mile or 1320 feet away) of a series of drag racers.
The car then makes its pass, following standard drag racing procedure (burnout, staging, and start using the Christmas tree).
 "Powerglide" - a two-speed GM automatic transmission used in production vehicles from 1950-1973, commonly used by drag racers
AUV-150 is  cylindrical-shaped with streamlined faring to reduce hydrodynamic drag.
Incorporation of the radio antenna into the rear glass and extensive wind tunnel testing helped reduce the coefficient of drag from 0.348 to 0.326.
The design with raked windscreens and smooth underpinnings helped give the B5 Passat sedan a 0.27 coefficient of drag.
The play, primarily a monologue delivered by its aging drag queen protagonist, has been characterized as among the first to portray gay characters in an unsensational way.
Its mainwheels were on split axles and rearward drag struts, both mounted centrally on the fuselage underside, with  vertical shock-absorbing legs.
A site was chosen about 6 miles southeast of downtown at an abandoned airfield which had not seen air traffic since 1961 and most recently had been used for vehicle drag racing and radio controlled aircraft.
Eva then uses her Omnipod to attract several deadly Sand Snipers that kill Besteel and drag him beneath the sand.
All Polar orbiting satellite lose height after launch, the orbital decay is stronger during period of elevated solar activity when the enhanced ultraviolet radiation warm the upper atmosphere and increase the frictional drag over the spacecraft.
The loss of the final syllable is attributed to Old Norse speakers substituting the first element, which Middle English speakers 'translated' as dræġ, meaning "a drag, a steep slope", omitting *–ïn as this was taken to be the Scandinavian suffixed definite article.
Because writing when moving one's hand away from its side of the body can cause smudging if the outward side of the hand is allowed to drag across the writing, it is considered easier to write the Latin alphabet with the right hand than with the left.
Joseph relocated to San Francisco in 1970, where she mainly took color photographs of the local architecture and drag queens.
Eating human is not the focus of the play: "The pressure of life, the social progress will drag you forward, if you can't keep up, you will only fall.
In 2021, on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK'', contestant Ellie Diamond, who is from Dundee, modelled as Dennis the Menace on the runway during the first episode challenge "Queen of Your Hometown".
The Morrissey song "Piccadilly Palare" from the album Bona Drag recounts the life of male prostitutes by employing the use of "palare" (alternatively spelled 'polari'), argot used by this subculture and by gay men generally.
The designers have stated that the bridge would allow for greater wind stability, more drag, faster construction time, lower cost, and increased access for inspections and maintenance.
The Huayra's designer Horacio Pagani states that it has a variable drag coefficient of between .31 and .37.
Maeve and Vincent drag Carla to Chris's office, where she has been hiding Nicole.
They drag the person to the top of the studio's roof and then throw them (actually a mannequin dressed and made to look like them) onto the hard concrete lot below.
The staggered seating was used to provide most of the benefits of side-by-side seating without the associated drag penalty.
 Love Tennessee / Split 7" with Bad Cop'' - July 31, 2012 (Jeffery Drag Records)
Will Harris of PopMatters criticized the album, writing: "There are no particular melodies to highlight on Dust, however, and, as a result, it’s just one long drag."
He is a fourteen-time motorcycle drag racing national champion.
As well as drag racing competitions, the company also entered teams into AMA road racing competitions, winning the 1990 Daytona 200 and the 1991 AMA Superbike championship.
Such analysis suggest that many government supporters are worried that if Palestinians are allowed a greater role in the country's politics, they could drag it into the Israeli–Palestinian conflict against Jordan's best interests.
An additional benefit was that they were removable, to reduce drag, and Stewart's car made use of this for the Italian Grand Prix at the high-speed Monza circuit.
Charity is a drag queen act hired to perform in The Queen Victoria public house.
To promote the game, Microsoft created a television commercial featuring its  characters; the commercial depicts a man dressed in drag and performing a dance in front of a group of women.
The theory of complete aether drag, as proposed by George Gabriel Stokes (1844), was used by some critics as Ludwig Silberstein (1920) or Philipp Lenard (1920) as a counter-model of relativity.
As the hypothesis of complete aether drag, it can explain the negative outcome of all aether drift experiments.
Some of Einstein's critics ignored these developments and tried to revitalize older theories, such as aether drag models or emission theories (see "Alternative Theories").
Horrified, Liv manages to drag Franky to safety.
Drag was reduced by the small size of the wings and their high wing loading of 32 lb/sq ft.
Along with the usual pleas to embrace representative government over dictatorship and special interests, he stated that to make false appeals would rob the nation of its dignity, and would drag the attention of the American people into the mire.
In 1984, then-Mayor Koch appeared in drag, in a gold lamé bodysuit with a mechanical pigeon on his head.
The low drag airframe produces acceptable performance on this low power output.
The crews made attempts to tow the crippled tanker, before eventually sandwiching it between HMS Penn and HMS Bramham in order to drag it along while preventing it from sinking.
The influence of Álvaro and other exiled Galician-Castilian nobles upon Infante Peter alarmed Afonso IV, who feared they might drag Portugal into the internal quarrels of neighboring Castile, part of which were orchestrated by their half-brother Fernando Ruiz de Castro.
From 1632, the place was used as a copper hammer mill, until its new owner left the business in 1642 probably due to the hardships of the Thirty Years' War that continued to drag on.
The retardation of the power levers below Flight Idle, an action prohibited in flight, and the subsequent application of power are likely to have induced an uncontrollable roll rate due to asymmetric thrust and drag.
Inlets on subsonic aircraft are simple and shorter: an opening designed to minimize drag.
This engine was typically very strong, many Suzuki engines get fully deserved "bulletproof" reputations, as many drag racers found out - over 300BHP was perfectly possible and many ended up being turbocharged and tuned.
Evans started from pole position alongside Nick Cassidy and won the drag race to the first corner.
He stated in an official interview that during the subsequent launch failure review process, his post-flight calculations showed the skin of the launch vehicle just below the spacecraft would have buckled, due to the combined drag and bending loads at the max-Q point exceeding the tensile stress in the skin due to internal pressure.
All fields, such as title, username, password, URL, and notes, can be drag and dropped into other windows.
Geodesic dome roofs or buildings have low drag coefficients and can withstand higher wind forces than a square building of the same area.
The first was drag queen RuPaul in 1994.
According to al-Basalamah, as Rostam Farrokhzad, the Persian commander who led massive army to confront the caliphate, deliberately marched slowly as a strategy to drag the time so Sa'd army will gradually lose their patience in time and baited being incited to act first.
The drag coefficient on the latest RX 350 has been reduced to .
 Lady Bunny, drag queen
2011: The Good Old Days Are Back in Drag (mini-album)
Monkman describes Miss Chief as a representation of a two-spirit or non-binary persona that does not fall under the traditional description of drag.
The cockpit and the fuselage were conceived with great care to diminish drag.
Like the SAM-14, the SAM-25 had fixed, wide-splayed cantilever landing gear, each side with a landing leg and drag strut within a common fairing.
It was offered with and without a star drag.
Amongst the crowd at this event, "professional mourners" can be seen; these are invariably men in drag, who wail for comic effect.
In January 2021, Hurley appeared as a guest judge in the first episode of the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
The biplane did not require expensive, drag producing support wires, using steel tubing instead.
Christmas Drag - 3:54
In addition, the ATV used its own thrusters and fuel supply to reboost the ISS, to counteract the drag the residual atmosphere imposes on the station.
O'Carroll himself plays his drag persona, Agnes Brown, with several close friends and family members making up the rest of the cast.
Aerodynamics of the high-mounted bodyshell were crude though, and although the van was usually demonstrated with drag starts, body lift limited its top speed on a track.
Both cars will come with an aluminum chassis, and in the case of the i8, the windshield, top, doors and fenders are made from polycarbonate glass, with the body having a drag coefficient of 0.26.
They felt that Israel was striving to drag all of the Arab countries into a war.
Drag (clothing)-related lists
Established in 2010, SAF/IEN focuses on fuel supply and logistics, aerodynamic drag reduction, propulsion efficiency, software development, optimized planning, and fuel data capture.
When walking outside,  hold their  up either with their hands, or by tying it in place with a small cord so that it does not drag along the ground.
Special Programs: Larger events featuring curated film programs, such as 2009's 'transploitation film festival', Ultra Fabulous Beyond Drag (curated by Austin Young and Saskia Wilson-Brown)
He is best known for winning Season 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race and remains the only Asian American to win the show.
He was part of a sector of drag that was inspired by the goth and punk subcultures.
In the final episode, after a lip-sync battle with Manila Luzon, Raja was declared the winner of the show's third season and crowned America's Next Drag Superstar.
In 2014 Raja joined the Drag Race Battle of the Seasons tour where she performed a lip-sync duet with Manila Luzon to the Babymetal song "Gimme Chocolate!!"
Amrull has created and performed live drag shows as Raja in Provincetown, MA such as GAWDESS (2017)  Masque (2018)  Lush Life (2019) 
His parents soon arrive and drag him off.
It has an integrated clutch mechanism that disengages the rear drive at speeds over 120 km/h to provide less drag and better fuel efficiency at highway speeds.
It was reissued on compact disc in 2004 on Drag City, together with the Horrible EP, as Loud and Horrible.
The user was required to point to each treasure as instructed, starting with the golden crown, then click on it and drag it to the treasure chest.
Overdrive is then followed by Asphalt Xtreme, which focuses on arcade-style off-road racing, and in 2016 with Asphalt: Street Storm, a rhythm-based drag racing game in the vein of NaturalMotion's CSR Racing.
The Emperor was opposed to the participation of the German Electorates in treaties with foreign powers, which could drag the German principalities into a civil war.
The auto-format automatically formats the web page content regardless of the size of web browser, and the free-format enables the user to drag and drop the page objects to any fixed position on the web page.
Finally he dresses in drag to visit a porn cinema with Marc.
The last flood was in 1983 and it affected the church; it destroyed furniture, drag doors and railings.
However, there are exceptions, like an ornithomimid caudal vertebra that has tooth drag marks attributed to Saurornitholestes and a partial Troodon skeleton with preserved puncture marks.
Vittorio grabs Bianca and tries to drag her back, but Romeo Smith (Luke Mitchell) punches him.
He arrives back in his native Beijing to find that he has no family or prospects or friends, just his underworld contacts trying to drag him back into a life of crime.
Zero-lift drag coefficient
The campaign was chronicled in the 1991 video Drag in for Votes.
Lampe shaved off his hair before the 200 m Olympic race in 1972 to reduce the water drag, and then wore a wig at the award ceremony.
The body boasts a low 0.28 drag coefficient.
Traditional road bikes had drop bars that kept the rider in an upright position which created a lot of drag.
Allows hands-free hydration, reducing drag as there is no arm movement to interfere with airflow.
The word "arrastra" comes from the Spanish language arrastrar, meaning to drag along the ground.
Lynette is furious but Lee manages to drag her away.
Higher on the mountain, Hall and Hansen drag Fischer, who is too weak to stand.
In 1998, a young drag queen by the name of Katey Red performed bounce music at a club near the Melpomene Projects where Ross grew up.
The Lunocet is a biomimetic monofin intended to reduce drag and augment human swimming ability underwater.
Years of clean-up will drag into decades.
Åkerfeldt and Wilson chose not to tour or put on any live performances of the group's material, although Wilson did perform their single Drag Ropes on a few solo shows, during his Hand.
Drag nets are commonly used in the  lagoon.
O'Connor produced and starred in And the Devil May Drag You Under and Desmorphia which showed at the Brighton Festival Fringe in 2009 and 2010 respectively.
Shirley Muldowney was known as the "first lady" of drag racing.
This glove reduced the drag of the wing by decambering the root, which reduced the "middle effect", thereby increasing the effective local wing sweep.
Characters drag wheeled carts filled with meager possessions through a destroyed American wasteland.
Amazon Drive has released a desktop application supported for both Mac and Windows designed as a drop panel allowing users to drag and drop their files to initiate uploading.
The lake is in Great Lakes Basin, and its primary inflow, at the east, and outflow, at the west and controlled by a dam, is the Drag River.
The river begins at an unnamed lake, and flows west through Drag Lake, Head Lake and Grass Lake, then heads south through Kashagawigamog Lake to reach its mouth at the Burnt River, about  south of the community of Gelert.
Aish breaks up with him because when during the party, Nandy's toyboy offers him a drag, even though Aish begged him to leave, he agreed to smoke weed because the toyboy makes fun of him and asked him to be a man.
MathMagic is a stand-alone multi-purpose equation editor application so its equation can be used by most software, such as word processors, presentation software, DTP layout software, and graphic software, via Copy and Paste, Drag and Drop, or by exporting to one of its supported formats.
Estimates from orbital drag measurements suggest that the tether deployed to a length of about 30 meters.
, A drag race car in 2011 which plastic body panels were partially made of soy-based material
The film features car chases, drag racing, kidnappings, and shoot outs, but all with a darkly humorous campy tone.
He tried a few maneuvers but over-controlled both rudder and ailerons causing a wing to drag and the craft to turn on one wheel – better known as a ground loop.
Conformal antennas are often integrated into the curving skin of aircraft and missiles, to reduce aerodynamic drag.
On the other hand, the Russian Marxist Boris Kagarlitsky gave the series a negative review, criticizing the show's lack of narrative coherence as "events simply drag on one after the other in chronological order, without any internal connection, without any logic."
The aerofoil section was a NACA laminar flow one to have a low profile drag.
He has a little fetish for cross-dressing, usually going by the name Leona Tenchi while in drag, and seems to have a crush on Asuna.
Jackie Beat, a drag performer who appeared on the series in his male identity as a "mantor" (adviser) to the contestants, said, "GLAAD should have no problem with the show because gay people do not come across negatively in any way.
The song has been performed on the NewNowNext Awards, Jimmy Kimmel Live!, RuPaul's Drag Race, and Saturday Night Live.
including atmospheric drag and J5 terms
As Chiron and Demetrius drag Lavinia into the forest, Tamora vows "Ne'er let my heart know merry cheer indeed/Till all the Andronici be made away" (2.3.187–188).
The effectiveness of DRS seems likely to be determined by the level of downforce at a given circuit (where the cars are in low drag trim at circuits like Monza, the effects may be smaller), length of the activation zone, and characteristics of the track immediately after the DRS zone.
21st: Already-relegated Doncaster Rovers drag Coventry City down to League One with them by winning 2–0 in the Championship clash at the Ricoh Arena, meaning that the midlanders will be playing third tier football next season for the first time in nearly 50 years.
The track currently is operated by DIPSA and host races for NASCAR México, drag racing, karting and Volks races.
High Power Media also publish the following special reports; F1 Race Technology, 24 Hour Race Technology, Cup Race Technology, Drag Race Technology, Motorcycle Race Technology and Rally Race Technology.
Also hosted local events (karting, touring cars, drag racing).
Dan Quinn of the TFN said, "this ruling is disappointing because it will embolden wealthy special interests who want to funnel money into nonprofits as a backdoor way to drag churches into partisan campaigns."
Glamazon is the sixth studio album from American singer and drag queen RuPaul.
It features the three finalists of the fourth season of Rupaul's Drag Race, Sharon Needles, Phi Phi O'Hara, and Chad Michaels as giant glamazon characters in a retro-style video game, terrorizing such locales as the Pyramids of Giza, the Palace of Westminster, and the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
This sermon infuriates the listeners, who drag him to a cliff to throw him over, but he simply walks through the crowd and leaves.
It was released on April 20, 2010 under the Drag City label in the US and on Tin Angel Records in the UK.
Webb continued: "What will drag both referees and players through their respective tomes is the freewheeling, 'devil may care' spirit of adventure that underpins the whole Fafhrd and Mouser myth.
Supporters of the SlutWalk dressed in drag, casual and sports attire, as well as other types of clothing celebrating who they are.
One officer was seriously wounded when he was shot in the face and another officer was wounded in the knee, but was able to return fire and drag himself and his wounded colleague to safety.
Even so, his arm was thought to be too low (Frank Tyson thought him almost a round-arm bowler) and his long drag could have produced numerous no balls, though he was rarely called for this.
It was released on March 22, 2011 on the Drag City label.
But they also felt the dialog tended to drag and lose momentum.
Gravity, Catherine Gund's documentary about the life and work of choreographer and action architect Elizabeth Streb, LGBT film historiographer-director Jeffrey Schwarz's I am Divine, about the international drag superstar and John Waters' leading lady Divine, Darius Clark Monroe's Evolution of a Criminal and The Hand that Feeds.
However, the show still retained the Drag Ball spectacle that concluded the show.
The format has two cars competing in a layout that resembles a drag race.
The comedian and writer Lena Waithe arrived at the gala wearing a suit with the words "Black Drag Queens Inventend [sic] Camp" on the back.
If they timed it well the delivery was made when the toe was still behind the crease, but they could drag it over the line and they would be no-balled.
True, a few years later some interest was revived when Foucault showed that they were capable of heating the metal disk, if in spite of the drag the rotation was forcibly continued in the magnetic field.
After starting the last race of the 1990 season, Worsham began his professional drag racing career in 1991 driving his father's Nitro Funny Car.
Doris Fish was the stage name for Sydney-born and Sydney and San Francisco-based drag queen, artist, actor and writer Philip Mills (11 August 1952 – 22 June 1991).
In 1976 at an audition for the rock group The Tubes, he met fellow drag queen Tippi, and they became roommates.
Mills met Miss X who wasn't yet serious about doing drag, but by the end of the year Doris Fish, Tippi and Miss X were performing as Sluts-A-Go-Go.
As a visual artist, Mills painted hyper-realistic canvases depicting of drag queens, although he once said "If I could, I would paint my eyeballs."
Its theft changes history, causing the Mystics' war in the Middle Ages to drag on another 50 years, led by the illusionist Kasmir.
Through Selena's influence, queer performers felt comfortable dressing up in drag queen by imitating her costumes and music.
Drag You Down is the sultry one that proves these aren’t pop puppets, they’re girls with attitude.
Livingston would fly the aircraft through rain storms with whitewash paint to find areas of drag.
Karl Philip Michael Westerberg, better known by the stage name Manila Luzon, is an American drag queen, recording artist, comedian and reality television personality.
After being featured in a Gilead Sciences ad titled "Red Ribbon Runway" with fellow Drag Race co-stars Carmen Carrera, Delta Work, Shangela and Alexis Mateo, the dress she was featured wearing was auctioned off by Logo in commemoration of World AIDS Day.
In addition to the commercial, she and Shangela also did an entertainment news segment for US Weekly where they discussed current male celebrities and reimagine them as drag queens.
The doll, which was available via special order, marked the first time a Drag Race contestant has been immortalized as a doll.
On November 16, 2018, indie musician VELO released the single "Where My Man At," featuring Luzon and Drag Race season 9 and season 10 contestant Eureka O'Hara.
The video features fellow All Stars 4 contestant Naomi Smalls, Luzon's husband, and the Heathers, a prominent clique of Drag Race 3 contestants featuring Luzon, Raja, Delta Work, and Carmen Carrera.
Westerberg took his drag name from the capital city (Manila) and the largest island (Luzon) of the Philippines, where his mother was born.
American drag queens of Asian descent
The landing gear is a fixed monowheel that is faired to reduce drag.
In the chorus, many TV screens show images of Gomez in drag looking similar to 1980s icon Max Headroom.
A paper version of the dress appeared on the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race, worn by Katya Zamolodchikova.
The 911 R comes only with a 6-speed manual transmission, and has a top speed of  due to a lower drag coefficient as compared to the GT3 RS.
In May 1976 after being released again this time by Peterborough Billy decided than rather drag himself around the football league he would get some security, so joined a joinery course at government training centre in Runcorn and was living in Neston, Cheshire at the time.
The individual cockpits were covered with independent bubble canopies, although the aircraft was most often flown solo, with a flat hatch replacing the rear canopy to reduce aerodynamic drag.
Steven manages to drag Natasha to a well-lit tunnel near a train station.
At that same location was a trail of bloody footprints, puddle of blood, a piece of taaiboshout (hardwood), drag marks, 'n karos and the small footprints of Martha Ferreira.
Lucy was retaliating for Kevin and Mac dressing in drag in order to prove Madame Maia, Lucy's psychic, was a fake.
A new design of drag box was installed.
As a result, the circus employees brought their two adult elephants to help drag damaged automobiles and other heavy debris out of the streets.
Hyde also used his engineering skills to compete in drag racing and sprinting.
It, along with other costumes for Priscilla, was inspired by Sydney's drag queen culture of the 1990s.
She studied Australian drag queens and their clothes and commented, "I love the fact that you can do things without much budget."
In the acceleration term,  is determined from the particle drag model and  is determined from the interparticle stress model.
James Allen Clarke (born 1985), better known as Jodie Harsh, is a London-based DJ music producer, promoter, and drag queen.
In 2021, Harsh made a guest appearance on the third episode of the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK on BBC Three.
 A drag strip at Las Vegas Motor Speedway
I will drag him to light, who is the dark mover behind this scene of iniquity".
Wind tunnel tests suggested that the lower lift coefficient of the rear wing would require higher landing speeds than for conventional monoplane but that the tandem wing would have slightly lower drag at incidences up to about 10°.
The no-coding approach to data management is done by using a drag and drop process to match mobile app fields to data fields.
Savage wrote the play as a parody of The Miracle Worker, utilizing drag queen actors.
He was asked by Jack Blades, who had seen American Drag perform and wanted Evankovich to join them on acoustic, 12-string, harmonica and background vocals.
The American Drag was invited to open two shows for Styx, one at the House of Blues in Los Angeles and another at the Mountain Winery in Saratoga.
Rather than drag it out (until next year's election), we're putting it out of its misery now."
In May 2010, a group of men in drag were harassed and assaulted by a group of five men.
Since filming ended, Sam moved back with her parents to Chesapeake, Virginia, where she performs her drag king show.
There are currently 70 lifts in the skicircus, including 18 gondola lifts, 19 chairlifts and 18 drag lifts or practice lifts.
It was fellow BBC producer Mike Craig who, highly amused, pointed out that they were actually two young men in drag.
In 1945 and 1946, Dr. Hoerner prepared a manuscript for the book Aerodynamic Drag.
While substantial knowledge on this subject has been learned since 1965, this book is often the starting point in work where aerodynamic drag must be calculated.
Among other musicians who took part in recording the album were Mekons' Sally Timms (backing vocals) and Rico Bell (accordion), Drag City Records artist Edith Frost, Bottle Rockets bassist Tom Ray and the Texas Rubies' Jane Baxter Miller.
The fuselage form followed an ideal teardrop shape calculated to minimize drag and was built up from welded chromium-molybdenum alloy steel tubes with plywood formers and spruce stringers.
Many of Hale's "wide" trails were originally dirt roadways used by oxen teams to drag granite blocks from multiple abandoned granite quarries, en route to construction sites in Dedham, Boston and beyond.
The fuselage is also of all-metal construction and features a fixed monowheel landing gear, coupled with a skid, a conventional T-tail and a drag chute.
Furthermore, ZEHST possesses an unusually high cruising altitude of 32 km above ground level, flying within the outer atmosphere (in comparison, conventional airliners cruise at around 11km above ground level); this height was principally opted for due to the air being thinner and thus generating less drag that would slow down the aircraft and decrease efficiency.
The Super Standard incorporated many changes, including a conventional low-tail to replace the Standard's V-tail, which was intended to reduce induced drag in circling flight.
Sonic boom is expected to be eliminated over land, through electromagnetic drag reduction technology currently under development.
The mission was given the go-ahead; the Horsas were modified to jettison their landing gear after takeoff to reduce drag, while the Halifax bombers were modified with long-range fuel tanks fitted in the bomb bays.
While the cross-sectional area varies with the square of the diameter, the large column has proportionately fewer peripheries, and therefore less drag.
The Boston Phoenix reviewer called the show "something between a docudrama, an elegant drag show, and a sedentary ballet ... what Christine Jorgensen reveals is just how much of a performance traditional gender specificity can be."
The DeltaWing was designed to reduce aerodynamic drag dramatically, to allow a marginally faster straight and corner speed than a 2009-2011 Dallara IndyCar on both ovals and road/street courses with half as much weight, engine power and fuel consumption.
MacLíammóir would even appear on Irish TV in the 1950s and 1960s performing in drag.
Leslie Felperin of The Hollywood Reporter said, "Although director Alan Taylor manages to get things going properly for the final battle in London, the long stretches before that on Asgard and the other branches of Yggdrasil are a drag, like filler episodes of Game of Thrones but without the narrative complexity, mythical heft or all-pervading sexiness."
The citizenship issue continued to drag out over the following year.
Filter drag is the resistance across the fabric-dust layer.
In 1927, Mae West was jailed for The Drag.
GLAAD claimed that the film conflated transgenderism with drag, which would create the impression in viewers unfamiliar with trans issues that "transgender women are ridiculous caricatures of 'real women'".
file and folder drag and drop), a new collection dashboard, custom data layouts, and an improved audit trail.
Jacky orders it to be cut and cast off immediately, as leaving it on would only drag them down.
The wing design is unusual as it uses a single spar and transmits its torsion and drag loads via a thick leading edge skin.
The final report was released in June 2012 and found that several factors combined to prevent the aircraft from attaining take-off airspeed, including the soft conditions of the gravel runway following recent rain, the take-off technique adopted by the pilot, which may have caused an increase in the aerodynamic drag, and likely gusty wind conditions.
A limited hardcover version was published by Drag City in August 2003.
involvere ‘[to] drag along’] = verb meaning ‘[to] involve Y’, ‘[to] affect Y’
There were, as there are now, five rivers in the Punjab - it is sometimes referred to as "The Valley of the Five Rivers" - so it was necessary to drag the boats from one to the next.
While moving, it will put the tip of its snout on the ground and then it will drag itself while it is moving each part of the foot separately like a leech.
A remix of the track was released a month later, on 21 February 2020, featuring Brazilian drag queen Pabllo Vittar and a new mix by Brabo.
He added "Sohail Abbas is brilliant drag flicker.
This was the most productive longplayer released by the band yet as it contained 17 tracks, three of which were covers: "The Godfather", written by Nino Rota for the film of the same name; "Surfin' Hearse" had originally been a Jan & Dean song, which had been included on their 1963 album Drag City; "In The Sun" was a Blondie song.
Mahoney assigned men to drag the drainage canals near Elsie's home on April 12 and again on the 15th.
N.O.R.E doesn’t have to prove anything to anyone, and his attempts to do so drag this album down."
Screamin' Eagle V-Rod Destroyer (VRXSE) - customized for performance in drag racing
Comedians BB Trần and Tiko Tiến Công appeared in drag for her music video of "I'm in Love".
Gayatri Sankar of Zee News gave it 3 out of 5 stars while commenting "Certain portions are a bit of a drag, but the comic sequences will make up for the monotony.
It consists of a number of modules fitted to NATO standard Mk81, Mk82 or Mk83 low drag free-fall bombs to convert them into guided glide bombs.
Steven McRae was raised in the Sydney suburb of Plumpton the son of a drag racer.
 Drag and drop 3D objects
Electroshock then countered Angle's finishing maneuver, the Angle Slam, into an arm drag, before hitting him also with the cutter.
The dredge drag head is a steel structure that is connected to the dredger by a suction pipe.
In order to dredge in waves, the suction pipe is suspended from special davits, which operate with heave compensation to ensure that the drag head nozzles stay in contact with the sea bed.
To cut the sea bed, the dredge drag head is equipped with replaceable teeth and water jet nozzles.
The name comes from the Bermuda grass planted by the early loggers to feed their oxen, who were used to drag the mahogany to the landing.
 2016 "Purse First" - Bob the Drag Queen
It’s hard to drag ourselves out of this way of thinking.
Jackal manages to knock out Kaine and drag him back to his lair and turns him into a spider monster.
Development of protection structures that are tough and lightweight, development of an aerodynamic shape that has a high lift to drag ratio, development of automatic navigation control systems etc.
In the end, four new drag racer songs were recorded for the album.
LRS became a sponsor of NHRA drag racer Tim Wilkerson’s funny car in 2000, when Wilkerson was entering 15 or 16 of the NHRA’s 23 races each year.
During their youth in the early 1970s, Harris and his brother began to do drag on the weekends, in which they would perform in the hallway of their mother's home.
Frank, Hazel, and Arion drag him into Canada where Alcyoneus is decapitated by Hazel after being made vulnerable.
When they implemented the plan, the council was able to trap Yawunik and send in Yamakpal to deliver the final blow and drag his remains ashore.
, drag racing, pairs racing, drifting, karting, motorcycles and club racing.
The reach cast involves casting the fly lure over flowing water, such as a stream, and then just before the fly lands, moving the arm and fly rod in the upstream direction to arrange the fishing line so that it produces less apparent drag in the water.
Lycett describes the show as "a cross between Rogue Traders and RuPaul's Drag Race".
In the fall of 2014, Facebook began requiring drag performers to change their Facebook identities to their legal names, notably including performer Sister Roma.
It was the first and only automobile racing facility built to accommodate major races sanctioned by all of the four dominant racing sanctioning bodies: USAC (and now IndyCar Series) for open-wheel oval car races; NASCAR for a  oval stock car races; NHRA for drag races; and FIA for Formula One road course races.
On the end of the pipe a so-called trailing drag head is connected.
A certain number of improvements were therefore made after the war, but the incompetence of the admiralties was a big drag on progress.
When he was not training at the dojo, Yokoyama was outside swinging around a heavy tetsubo in order to increase his strength, and he was said to carry always a thick rope in his attire, which he would use to drag and move rocks and logs he found in the road.
Chicken's full name is Madame Chickeboumskaya, after an American drag queen.
Sequinette Jaynesfield, often referred to simply as Sequinette, is an American female-to-female drag performer and avant-garde filmmaker in Brooklyn, New York.
He tries to drag Riley to the police station but he breaks his wrist.
 Morgan McMichaels (born 1981), female persona of Scottish-American drag performer Thomas White
For easier management of files and folders, Windows 8 introduces the ability to move selected files or folders via drag and drop from a parent folder into a subfolder listed within the breadcrumb hierarchy of the address bar in File Explorer.
Studies for additional drag reduction were performed during 2011, including revised tail cone, natural laminar flow nacelle, and hybrid laminar flow vertical stabilizer.
Utica Queen - drag queen
Hughes has suffered a string of defeats as Australia's captain on foreign soil but this latest one makes his job of trying to drag the side up by his bootstraps an impossible one, and I think the ACB has to offer the job to Allan Border.
In the bitter  and long drawn out inheritance dispute over the Brampton  estate in Huntingdonshire, which Samuel inherited from his uncle Robert, Roger himself regretted that the ultimate settlement was far from favourable to Samuel, his client, although they agreed that it was better to settle the case then let it drag on.
In order to reduce drag, the wing bracing used flat steel ribbons rather than wires, the struts of the undercarriage were of streamline section, and a polished aluminium spinner was fitted to the wooden propeller.
The exterior of the car was styled to sport a reduced drag coefficient in an effort to enhance fuel efficiency.
The story, set in the present day, centers on the plight of a hostage and the ensuing efforts of family and new acquaintances, many of them associated with a fictional MMORPG, to rescue her as her various captors drag her about the globe.
Drag City, Gaarden and Galactic Zoo Records.
To conduct a tick drag, a researcher uses a  strip of white cloth, usually corduroy, mounted on a pole that is tied to a length of rope.
In 1994, he acted in drag as Mrs. White in a Toronto production of John Wimbs and Christopher Richards' play Molly Wood.
Drag Queens on Trial, Sky Gilbert (1994)
As of 2010, most of their motor sport coverage, including NASCAR, IndyCars, V8 Supercars, Rolex Grand-Am Series and NHRA drag racing has been discontinued.
This is made more likely by the drag caused by the epiphyte burden.
Liposomes allow for delivery considerable amounts of drag to the tumor without toxic effect in normal tissues and slowly release drugs what result in prolongation of pharmaceutical action.
The first season of the show (2009) had six episodes about jobs as bus driver, stripper, equestrian, dominatrix, modelling and drag.
Since they were no longer required to drag freights for hours on end up 1 in 50 (2%) gradients, their mechanical stokers were removed.
When her super-nanny goes postal, precocious Alice is thrown into a psychedelic Wonderland of fractured fairy tales and fabulous freaks in this bawdy drag queen mashup that would make Lewis Carrol roll over in his grave.
The modifications were meant to improve aerodynamics by reducing drag and hence increase top speed.
High temperatures also result in thinner air, which results in less drag on athletes in sports where air resistance plays a major role.
Circuit ICAR now hosts weekly drag racing events, lapping nights, car clubs and major Canadian race series including the Canadian Touring Car Championship and the NASCAR Pinty's Series.
In 2014, Lees played drag queen "Peggy", a supporting character in the telemovie Carlotta broadcast in Australia on ABC TV.
On June 4, 1928, The New York Times panned the film: "Notwithstanding George Bancroft's derisive laugh, Evelyn Brent's striking plumed headgear and Josef von Sternberg's generous display of slaughter, The Drag Net is an emphatically mediocre effort."
John Baxter considers The Drag Net to be "in most respects a sequel [to Sternberg's film] Underworld, [and] is perhaps not too great a loss, though it is unwise to write off any Sternberg film."
Elizabeth Lancaster of MTV Newsroom listed it as one of five key tracks in Stronger, writing "Upbeat yet soulful, the chorus will drag you up and onto the floor to dance the heartache away alongside her."
originally to reduce drag caused by the large-diameter rotary engines of that era, and also were prominent on World War I-era aircraft, like the Morane-Saulnier N French monoplane fighter, and for the Central Powers, Robert Thelen's Albatros D.I through D.V series of fighter designs.
If a Carolina wolf spider is in its burrow when it catches its prey, it will drag it down into the depth, holding on to the prey with its chelicerae (the “jaws”).
The 2012 NHRA Full Throttle Drag Racing Season was announced on September 8, 2011.
Atmosphere-Space Transition Region Explorer (ASTRE) is a mission concept proposed in 2011 to NASA's Medium-Class Explorers program (MIDEX) to study the interaction between the Earth's atmosphere and the ionized gases in outer space in an effort to understand how space-induced currents in electric power grids originate, as well as improve satellite drag models.
If the energies and momenta are below the excitation threshold then the superfluid background behaves like the ideal fluid, therefore, the Michelson–Morley-type experiments would observe no drag force from such aether.
The RLI then took part in Exercise Long Drag in August; this war game, organised by 2 Brigade specifically to further monitor the RLI in its new form, was similar to Flick Knife but much larger; it was staged all across the northern and eastern parts of the country and was scheduled to last two weeks.
This was to be a next-generation 4 seat amphibian without the typical "boat hull" design amphibians use in an effort to reduce aerodynamic drag.
With a simple drag and drop interface, EW offers 128-bit and 256-bit AES encryption, SHA-256 hashing, RSA signatures, searchable metadata, archives, compression, secure deleting, and PKI/CAC/PIV support.
High flap settings help an aircraft to increase the aerodynamic drag and reduce the stalling speed so that the aircraft can fly at low speeds safely.
He’s also a professed drag racing nut, having competed since he was 15 years old.
The original pylons which wrapped around the leading edge of the wing had to be cut back to reduce excessive cruise drag.
Dressed in drag, Anna enters a gay bar where she picks up Roman Mendoza, a gay man who she takes home.
The aircraft has diamond-shaped wings to reduce weight, and lower drag at high speeds; "V" tails were chosen to avoid contact with the water on take-off and landing.
A new wing root section will lengthen its span by  to , which will increase the wing area to , 13% more, and eliminate the tip tanks to reduce drag.
It was released under the name Bonnie "Prince" Billy on Drag City in 2011.
At 1,000 feet (300 meters) the engine quit, and without the drag of a burning parachute (like the previous two rockets) it achieved a greater distance before crashing over a mile offshore and exploding in the sea.
After a chance meeting at London nightclub Madame Jojo's, a then unknown French singer Héloïse Letissier befriended Russella and two lesser known drag queens who encouraged her to sing.
Lettessier claims that Russella is one of the drag queens who 'saved [her] life'
I don't know whether that hurt horsepower or even created more drag and kind of evened everything out."
Two flying wires from the nose assisted with drag or torsional loads.
Hydrometeor loading is the induced drag effects on the atmosphere from a falling hydrometeor.
After the carnival festival, Charity and Faith went home and whilst home, Tabitha tricked her and tried to drag her through the sink into her house but failed.
In October 2019, he appeared in RuPaul's Drag Race UK as a member of the "Brit Crew".
The Guardian in describing the film wrote that: "The events are a very English combination of carnival, kids' dressing-up parties, drag balls and PoW camp shows."
Two teams (consisting of students from the Universal Technical Institute in Phoenix, Arizona) compete during an 8-week challenge to build a drag car which will be driven by a team member at the finale.
The Zeta gunmen pulled open the driver's side door and tried to drag Zapata out, but he fought them off, managing to re-lock the doors.
His clientele rapidly grew to include many burlesque and drag icons such as Miss Understood, Hedda Lettuce, Angie Pontani, World Famous *BOB* and Sequinette.
On 22 September 1952 an adult Eel (Anguilla bengalensis) measuring  was found in a drag net in the Sulekere reservoir.
The landing gear is of tricycle configuration and features optional wheel pants to reduce drag.
The aircraft was fitted with a fixed conventional landing gear, with the mainwheels enclosed in trouser fairings to reduce drag, with a sprung metal tailskid.
The device, which used a series of channels that ran through the car to create a stalling effect over the front wing when the rear wing Drag Reduction System was open, thereby cancelling out the downforce generated under normal conditions, would allow the car to achieve a higher top speed and better stability in fast corners.
Collaboration with Masaki Batoh (of Japanese psych band Ghost) produced two albums released by the Drag City label.
The city is known for hosting Lucas Oil Raceway at Indianapolis, consisting of one of the nation's premier short-track ovals and also the premier American drag racing event, the NHRA U.S. Nationals.
If not deployed in an evacuated tube the power needed for levitation is usually not a particularly large percentage and most of the power needed is used to overcome air drag, as with any other high speed train.
Butch grabs Harmon, who is dressed in Clipper's drag costume, thinking he is Clipper, and heads up to Harmon's mansion to rob it.
A slight redesign to address nose drop with engine out, and drag.
He was featured in a 2016 New Yorker article entitled "How the Drag Queen Cassandro Became a Star of Mexican Wrestling."
In 2011, she appeared in the third season of the reality television competition show, RuPaul's Drag Race.
In 2011, Carrera, along with third season Drag Race contestants Manila Luzon and Shangela Laquifa Wadley, appeared in a television commercial for the travel-related website Orbitz.
In March 2014, Carrera openly criticized RuPaul for use of the pejorative "she-male" on a RuPaul's Drag Race episode.
Alfred John Young (born April 28, 1946) is a former World Champion Drag Racer and National Hot Rod Association Hall of Famer who competed in professional Bracket racing, and the heads-up categories from Super Street and Super Gas to Super Comp.
Car Craft Magazine "All Star Drag Team" (1983)
The present: still driving in local Sportsman and Pro ET level drag racing events and working on classic high performance muscle cars.
 Drag and drop support for images
A video ("Pocket Full of Hawthornes") by drag queen Miss Urbana Champaign (Shangela Laquifa Wadley) devoted to Hawthorne Wipes has made the product popular among the gay community.
 Kylie Sonique Love (born 1983), American drag queen, singer, dancer and reality television personality
The slalom is against the clock, as is the drag race.
Killingsworth has scored music for networks such as Comedy Central, Disney Animation Studios, Viceland, the CBS Dream Team and TV shows such as Ocean Mysteries with Jeff Corwin, Huang's World, Hood Adjacent with James Davis, The Academy Awards, American Horror Story, Grey's Anatomy, The Henry Ford Innovation Nation, RuPaul's Drag Race and How to Get Away with Murder.
The retracting undercarriage gave landplanes a significant performance advantage over the equivalent seaplane, whose floats caused additional drag.
A small steamboat tied at the landing used their donkey engine to help drag out some of them, but we lost seventy head in spite of our best efforts.
Since 2013 he has been based in Los Angeles and has released albums for The Cairo Gang on Ty Segall's Drag City imprint, God?
In April 2017, Joseph scored a viral hit with "Linda Evangelista", a remix of RuPaul's Drag Race contestant Aja's sarcastic rant toward fellow contestant Valentina ("You're perfect, you're beautiful, you look like Linda Evangelista, you're a model").
His findings have also led to improved inks for industrial inkjet printers, insecticide chemicals that spread evenly on leaves and reduced drag in oil pipelines.
The winner of season four headlined Logo's Drag Race Tour featuring Absolut Vodka, won a one-of-a-kind trip, a lifetime supply of NYX Cosmetics, and a cash prize of $100,000.
{{Episode list/sublist|RuPaul's Drag Race (season 4)
The number was also not as well received as many of the others: Bell described it as taking "a turn for the worse", Hyman noted that it "didn't do too much for me", and Kubicek said it "seemed to drag on and on and on with no real purpose".
They are also more likely to interlock their hands when underwater in some strokes to prevent hand drift, which increases drag while swimming.
CP7 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 0.8.
CP8 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.4 to 0.9.
They have a normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 0.7.
CP6 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.5 to 0.8.
CP5 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 1.0.
CP4 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.7 to 0.9.
Because they have minimal trunk control, their hips tend to be a bit lower in the water and they have leg drag.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB3, and PDB5.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6.
Because they have no to minimal trunk control, they have leg drag.
CP1 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 1.3 to 1.7.
CP2 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 1.0 to 1.1.
Because of a lack of trunk control, they are unstable in the water and have hip drag.
Another issue might be foot drag.
Most applications can be created via drag & drop but manual coding can be added where necessary.
Gardenia (2012) – Writer, Director - (In Production) The feature documentary captures the moving story of a group of ageing drag queens and transsexual artists who set out one last time to live the glamorous life of the famous.
He forces the crew to drag the Pequod over ice with ropes and sail through a massive storm.
He had expressed concerns through his blog how Lee Myung-bak's political associates could potentially drag down the Lee Myung-bak government and his affiliated Saenuri Party (then Grand National Party) after the next presidential election due to Lee's extensive history of political corruptions.
This is due to their flattened petioles which reduce aerodynamic drag on the trunk and branches.
Pailton Engineering manufacture steering system components such as steering columns, steering shafts, drag links and ball joints and deliver around the world with sales offices in the UK, USA and Germany.
In the New York sequence, leaders organize an alternative Pride parade, the Drag March, set up to protest the corporatization of New York Pride.
Romeo eventually manages to drag the car out of the ditch and seeks medical treatment for Harvey.
The system developed by Mercedes was reported to create an F-duct effect over the front wing when the Drag Reduction System (DRS) flap in the rear wing opened.
Custom Built fly reels are primarily known for their ability to greatly reduce drag.
Meaghan Garvey, writing for Pitchfork, said that "it’s a drag to rehash the Born to Die discourse now [...] a conversation so tediously narrow," praising the album as "thrillingly rich."
On the day of the Snowdown, the PS 38 kids get to work building their sculpture and watch the Jefferson kids set up a large tarp and drag in something wrapped in blankets.
In January 2022, she is set to appear on RuPaul’s Drag Race, special UK vs The World series.
This began when the setters of a drag hunt trail in the village of Beltrum organized a foot race that incorporated the natural obstacles of the course.
After the Navy declared the airfield excess property, the runways and taxiways were used for automobile drag racing from 1957 to 1972.
The album cover features a picture taken by Stanley Matchett of Young in drag seated on a bench in the grounds of the City Hall, Belfast.
Behind the barricade Young, in drag, leans across to the soldier.
Kitty Su and Kitty Ko regularly host drag performances and other events catering to queer/lgbtqia+ folks.
Greene rallied some matrosses and returned to help drag the three pieces away.
The balloon managed only to drag him across the park before clearing the fenceline and landing on a railway truck in the yards of Central railway station next to the park.
Carmen Rupe, born Trevor Rupe and often simply known as Carmen (10 October 193614 December 2011) was a New Zealand-Australian drag performer, brothel keeper, anti-discrimination activist, would-be politician and HIV/AIDS activist.
After doing drag performances while doing compulsory military training and periods working as a nurse and waiter, Rupe moved to Sydney's Kings Cross in the late 1950s.
An arrest in New Zealand failed to produce a conviction, because drag was not illegal there, unlike in Australia.
Derrick Barry (born 1983), American drag performer
Collins also appeared as a special guest on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK to judge the Snatch Game segment of the show.
Articles describing neutral buoyancy simulation generally point out that the astronaut's spacesuit is made neutrally buoyant but that the astronaut still feels gravity inside the spacesuit so the fit of the suit is very important, and that moving around in water, a viscous fluid, creates drag that is not present in EVA.
Thus, the drag of water on movement in neutral buoyancy simply necessitates a slowness of movement that is also appropriate to spaceflight.
The track was re-recorded with Italian drag queen singer Madame Sisi (Carlo Tessari).
The Potez 37 had fixed, conventional landing gear, with mainwheels, equipped with brakes, placed  apart at the ends of half-axles and drag struts hinged to the fuselage.
The SN-2's lower frequency range required enormous eight-dipole Hirschgeweih (stag's antlers) antennas, which created so much drag that aircraft were slowed by some 50 km/hour.
However, the shift of political power to the Maschio Angioino was a first impulse for the local aristocracy to drag their noble residences towards the western part of the city.
As the sharklets lowered take-off and landing speeds, the switch from a double-slotted to single-slotted inboard flap will reduce complexity, weight and drag, and the FMS can set intermediate flap positions; the revised design could be applied to other A321neo variants.
His spirit wants to drag Lily into the dead world, Eva explains, and that Lily has invited "big magic."
Yara Sofia is the stage name of Gabriel Burgos Ortiz (born May 8, 1984), a Puerto Rican drag queen, professional make-up artist, and reality television personality.
Her drag career began at local San Juan gay nightclub Krash (also known as Eros), where in 2005, she won her first gay pageant title "Miss Road to Diva."
On the 26th of May she was announced to be part of the cast for RuPaul’s Drag Race All Stars 6, alongside 12 other queens, including fellow All Stars 1 contestant Pandora Boxx.
He blamed "evil forces [which] wanted to drag Egypt into a chaos, putting army into confrontation with the people."
 Drag and drop of selected content from IE to other programs like Word or WordPad
It is the only Harley-Davidson drag racing museum in the world.
Ray Price (June 25, 1937 – December 16, 2015) was an American motorcycle drag racer and is credited as the “Father of the Funnybike".
He also developed the first wheelie bar, and the two-speed automatic racing transmission for drag racing motorcycles.
Price is an inducted member of five halls of fame including the American Motorcycle Association Hall of Fame, Sturgis Motorcycle Hall of Fame, the North Carolina Sport Hall of Fame, and the North Carolina Drag Racing Hall of Fame.
Price's dealership is one of the largest in the southeastern United States and is home to the Legends of Harley Drag Racing Museum on the 2nd floor of the dealership overlooking the showroom, the only museum of its kind.
As Michael tries to drag Carrie away, she insists that there's a girl (seen earlier at the Market Square) still alive in the car.
Alexis Mateo Pacheco (born July 24, 1979), best known as Alexis Mateo, is a Puerto Rican drag queen, performer, reality television personality, fashion designer, and the winner of All American Goddess 2016, Miss Gay Days 2016 and National Showgirl 2017.
Born in 1979, Alexis Mateo began her drag career in Puerto Rico's gay nightclub circuit before relocating in 2001 to Orlando, Florida, where she worked as a dancer and performer at Disney World.
After being featured in a Gilead Sciences ad titled "Red Ribbon Runway" with fellow Drag Race co-stars Manila Luzon, Delta Work, Shangela Laquifa Wadley and Carmen Carrera, the dress he was featured wearing was auctioned off by Logo in commemoration of World AIDS Day.
On May 8, 2020, Mateo was announced as one of the ten queens competing on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
The FIA confirmed that the Drag Reduction System (DRS) zone will be unchanged from 2011, with the detection point located at Turn 12 and the activation point positioned along the back straight.
Scott Butterworth from GameSpot summarized his opinion with: "[The game's] substantial story campaign is impressively rich and its shooting can be tense and fun, but half-baked stealth, an unfulfilling story, and a vast menagerie of technical inadequacies drag the overall experience into disappointing mediocrity."
The landing gear uses a unique curved, slab-sided, main gear leg design made from fiberglass that reduces aerodynamic drag.
Two of his companions, one called "Little Mickey," and the other a short, swarthy man almost covered with a serape, lassoed the cannon and attempted to drag it away.
Pitchfork described Blues Funeral as "a mixed bag" and the songs as "many dirges that simply drag," but positively noted the album's influences and Lanegan's vocals ("almost invariably powerful on a sheer physical level").
Resupply ships will replenish fuel for LCM 1 for station-keeping, to counter the effects of atmospheric drag.
 NewsDesk, "ICONS, the new drag tribute show launches off-broadway", Broadwayworld.com, Nov 14, 2011
The drag coefficient of the Sprint Speciale is 0.28, the same as a Chevrolet Corvette (C6), and was not surpassed for more than twenty years.
They will come for you and drag you into the streets and kill you.
Pryor, wounded in the throat and chest, attempted to drag Honner, who was wounded in the thigh and could not move easily, but Honner ordered him to return to get help.
The D-17 had the thick, high lift to drag ratio Göttingen 535 profile that Akaflieg had first used on the Konsul.
The strut-braced wing provides a number of advantages over the traditional cable braced wing, including reduced overall height for hangaring, reduced drag and improved appearance.
In 2020, the song was used as a lipsync number in the first season finale episode of Canada's Drag Race, which was won by Priyanka.
These insects drag prey to the nest where an egg is deposited.
He noted that at one point in the film, Bow's character of Molly Burns appeared in male drag which even if "far from convincing", was "fun to watch."
Research conducted by Northern Trust has illustrated the potential savings obtained by avoiding the drag on WHT, comparing a traditional Collective Investment Vehicle such as an Irish Investment Company with Variable Capital (ICVC) vs a CCF.
Great attention was paid to producing an aerodynamically clean design: the tailskid was arranged so that its bungee cord springing was inside the fuselage, the wheels had disks covering the spokes to reduce drag, and the wing-warping control wires were carried inside the inverted-v cabane struts situated in front of the cockpit.
The wing used the F-duct concept developed by McLaren in 2010, which blew air across the surface of the wing to "stall" it, thereby cancelling out all downforce and drag running over the wing, allowing the car to achieve a higher top speed.
When your ship is downed, an ambulance shoots out to drag you away.
The Akaflieg Darmstadt D-40 is an experimental variable geometry single seat sailplane, fitted with almost full span, camber changing flaps for optimum aerodynamics in weak thermals and integrated into the wing so as to minimise flap tip drag.
This produces a lift distribution close to that of the ideal elliptical wing, with its minimum induced drag.
The U.S. Air Force suffers its third B-29 loss in three days, and second in the Pacific, when a search and rescue plane, returning from a mission with one engine out, aborts one landing attempt, only to drag a wingtip on the second try, resulting in the bomber cartwheeling and exploding N of Nagoya.
The X-10 then autolands on the Skid Strip, but both the drag chute and landing barrier fail.
The pilot then aborted t/o, reducing throttle and engaging nose wheel steering and deploying drag chute.
“One of the funniest moments in the flick is the look on Nick Page’s face when Vine expresses befuddlement over the notion of working as a drag queen”.
It has side-by-side seating, which offers advantages in flight training and also has a large single piece leaf spring main landing gear, which is simple, light, low drag and eliminates many of the large number of parts that other designs use.
Drag and drop from explorer.
This avoided the flap-associated vortexes, though any increase in wing area, however implemented, will lower the aspect ratio and raise the induced drag caused by wingtip vortexes.
The deployment of an exo-brake increases the surface area of a satellite, increasing its coefficient of drag in the thin upper atmosphere and causing the satellite to deorbit faster than it otherwise would.
The exo-brake is designed to deploy an umbrella-like "brake" to increase drag and take a small satellite out of orbit.
Witless and ponderous as any previous hymn to the godhead, they drag Extra Texture down with them after its brief flurry of excitement."
Mother even confused a drag queen for Patsy on one occasion.
Urish and Bielen interpret that "the taut rush of the song implies that the singer is trying to run away from himself," an interpretation that is supported by the line "I've just got to run away / It's such a drag to face another day."
 Jane Levy as April Martin, Wren's best friend; A persistent social climber, she would rather drag Wren to a cool kids' party over finding her brother.
The Uninstall applications function is a replacement for the ordinary Mac remove program method, which is to drag and trash the applications directly.
His preparation was filmed for a 20/20 special on drag queens losing weight.
The lineup included The DeBonzo Brothers, Hank Sinatra, Six String Drag, The Baseball Project, and Drivin' n' Cryin'.
Spacecraft experience orbital decay due to drag.
In the 2010–11 season, Thomas drag the club in playoff with the fourth place overall at the end of the regular season, and won the title of MVP of the Italian League regular season, with an average of 18.0 points and 6.2 rebounds.
Although the Ottoman Empire quickly suppressed the revolt in Bulgaria, the fighting in Herzegovina and Bosnia continued to drag on.
Users can click and drag an app in the pane to change the order the applications are displayed within Notification Center.
Twin shire horses provided by the 13th and 59th Companies Army Service Corps would then drag a steel rope up to  up the railway track.
After Drag Race, Shangela appeared in numerous television series, including Community (2011), 2 Broke Girls (2012), Glee (2012), Bones (2014), The X-Files (2016), and Broad City (2019).
Shangela emerged as Pierce's drag persona in January 2009.
Shangela returned to compete on the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, making her the first queen to compete on three separate seasons of the show.
Other appearances include episodes of Glee, Bones,  Community, Terriers, Dance Moms, 2 Broke Girls, Detroit 187 and The Mentalist, as well as a commercial for Orbitz with fellow Drag Race contestants Manila Luzon and Carmen Carrera.
She was one of thirty drag queens featured in Miley Cyrus's 2015 VMA performance.
The same year, he had a supporting role as a drag queen emcee in the film A Star Is Born, alongside Lady Gaga, Bradley Cooper, and Willam Belli.
Since appearing on Drag Race, Shangela launched "Say What Entertainment", a talent and management agency, in 2014.
On August 14, 2013, Shangela, along with fellow drag queens Detox, Morgan McMichaels, Courtney Act, Willam Belli, and Raven, were featured in the lyric video for Lady Gaga's single "Applause".
She is one of the most followed queens from Drag Race, and has accumulated over 1.5 million Instagram followers as of October, 2021.
The major enhancement in v4.0 was the move to a fully hosted architecture and the renewal of the user interface to utilise drag and drop design rather than the previous point and click approach.
Conformal antennas were developed in the 1980s as avionics antennas integrated into the curving skin of military aircraft to reduce aerodynamic drag, replacing conventional antenna designs which project from the aircraft surface.
Danny falls for a prostitute he has started to see and Joseph starts to see a mentally challenged woman who he saves from a group of teenage bullies and starts to drag himself away from the money-making fights that Danny needs him to participate in.
When the insurgency reached its peak, Shishakli backed down, refusing to drag Syria into civil war.
Bodywork has a frontal area of 2.54 m2 and a low aerodynamic coefficient of drag (cd) of 0.30 enabled by rear spoiler, underbody engine and rear suspension shields, and integral rear side window nolder profiles (i.e., small aerodynamic lips) to decrease pressure behind the bodywork and reduce mud and debris build-up on the rear window.
Another feature is Active Brake Cooling ducts, which open to direct cooling air only when the brakes are hot, keeping them closed at other times to reduce aerodynamic drag.
wrote: "He goes from pretty ditties to outright tedium as songs drag on interminably and eventually, unlistenably."
Were she with her wasted form and bleeding feet to drag herself back to home, she, the fallen and the lost, which would be her welcome?
Technological aspects include propulsion by solar sails, deceleration by radiation pressure or viscous drag at the target, and capture of the colonizing micro-organisms by planets.
Add to this that the tempo of the narrative is ideal, and episodes never drag.
Though the details vary, these members of largely parasitoidal wasp taxa hunt their prey, paralyse them in various ways, including malaxation, drag them off, and conceal them before laying eggs on them.
Rosco McGlashan (Born 1950), Australian drag racing record-holder, holder of the Australian land speed record
In the season premiere "No Sanctuary," Glenn and the others create makeshift weapons to fight off their captors, but the Terminus guards instead drop a flashbang grenade into the boxcar, and drag Glenn, Rick, Daryl, and Bob out.
They tested their engine's performance by drag racing at Nielson Field in Makati.
Even though one of them wanted to pull the alarm chain to stop the train, he was dissuaded by a middle-aged man who was standing at the door at the right rear side of that compartment by stating that the girl had jumped out and escaped, and further by warning that he should not drag others unnecessarily to court.
Clay restrained Laurinaitis, allowing Cena to climb out of the cage for the win before Big Show could drag himself through the door.
The crankshaft was connected at the crank by a drag link, the object of which was to get the two cranks at right angles, one driving the valve gear of the other.
The village is visited by thousands of people every week and has a thriving night life featuring clubs, sports bars, cocktail bars, cabaret bars and shops, with most featuring live entertainment including music, dancing and drag queens.
Popular drag act Miss Billie drew crowds to the club, and was responsible for the picket and protest outside Jo Joes bar in 1996 for fair access for the LGBT community, after personally being refused entry.
Ballard attributed their poor performance under sail to the drag of the propeller, which could neither be hoisted out of the water, nor feathered.
The Terrier motor is  in diameter and  long, and it normally uses two "spin motors", both to reduce dispersion and to serve as drag plates.
The most visible modification was a slightly streamlined slab end applied to the T-1 car to reduce drag during the high-speed runs.
The second act begins with the group of men dressed in drag for the masquerade, which has been raided by the police.
It also allows users to simply drag & drop one or more indicators, from its vast library, right onto a chart subsequently creating panels and annotations for each indicator.
In 2006 his play Les jours se traînent, les nuits aussi (The days drag on, the nights too) was broadcast on Czech radio.
Plaudits for the technologically impressive (though commercially unsuccessful) NSU Ro 80, introduced in 1968, had prompted a revived interest in aerodynamics among West German automakers, and the Rekord E came with claims of an improved drag coefficient of 0.42 Cd.)
The published drag coefficient was reduced from 0.42 Cd on the Rekord E1 to 0.36 Cd on the Rekord E2.
The speed decrease has been attributed to the extra drag of the twin engine arrangement, since the SM.80 and SM.80bis had the same overall engine power.
Dave Strickler was a drag racer during the 1960s.
Can she help her usual co-workers including a shy boy and a drag queen turn the store into a better place?
In addition, TEAM organized a counter-protest against the Westboro Baptist Church's planned picketing of United States First Lady Betty Ford's Funeral  and TEAMwork: A Night of Dance and Drag for Diversity at The Pyramid Scheme nightclub and music venue  in Grand Rapids.
The ply covering extends to the trailing edge at the wing roots over the triangular area defined by the internal drag strut.
They then drag the spider back to their nest where they lay an egg on the spider, then seal the spider and the egg in.
Due to this particularity the dredge turning gland enable the dredge drag head to follow the sea bottom without losing vacuum
A family member stated that Alsingace was beaten inside his house and on the street during the arrest, and he "saw them drag [Abdul Jalil] in his underwear and without his glasses, with a gun pointed at his head".
The class was barque rigged and their best speed under sail alone was over  if running before the wind, despite the drag of the propellers, which could neither be hoisted out of the water, nor feathered.
While Ashley puts on drag, David encourages him to kill himself, telling him that he is "too nice for this Earth" and needs to escape the world's problems.
An adult wasp will paralyze large spiders, primarily mygalomorphs, and drag them back to their nest to be used as food for the wasp's larvae.
The eateries are often in gayborhoods and are intended to represent stereotypical gay culture through humorously named menu items, flamboyant decor and many of their locations hosting drag shows on weekends.
Rin becomes aware of his true identity after Kurikara can no longer seal his powers, setting off a chain of events that lead to the death of Shiro at the hands of Satan, who attempts to drag Rin back to the demon realm, Gehenna.
Felton began his motor sports career drag racing.
After limited success improving the power output of the existing engine, Besenyei decided to focus on the airframe to reduce drag and improve aerodynamic efficiency.
Panicking, the group drag Melvin's body into a wooded area, and stage it to look like he was the victim of a random gang-related attack.
During her first season on Orange Is the New Black, she was still appearing at a restaurant on the Lower East Side as a drag queen (where she had applied initially to work as a waitress).
 3.from the dredge drag head of the TSHD to the ship
Drag coefficient value was reduced to 0.22 via low A-pillar shoulder with adapted A-pillar geometry, aerodynamically optimised exterior mirror housings and rear shape, optimised diffuser, optimised underbody and rear axle panelling, radiator shutter, aero wheel trims and serrated wheel spoilers on the front and rear wheel arches.
The C118 has an almost completely flat underbody, resulting in a drag coefficient as low as 0.23.
The hull is treated with an anti-fouling coating system preventing hull fouling reducing drag and improving fuel consumption.
Any Mutant or Cyborg that fights Ryan would often drag him to the Indigo Sector:
She explained that they "were working on that song and I thought, 'Oh, fuck it, let's just have fun', Life would be such a drag if we were deep and probing all the time."
Perturbing forces may include gravitational attraction from other bodies besides the primary, solar wind, drag, magnetic fields, and propulsive forces.
Drag will act in opposition to the direction of velocity and remove energy from an orbit.
On the other hand, orbits with an altitude above 600 km have relatively small drag so that the orbit decays slow enough that it has no real impact on the satellite over its useful life.
The Type 159 passed wind-tunnel for stability and low drag and with design well advanced a full-scale mock-up was ready by early 1940.
The band released their debut EP "Hang-Dog Hymns" on the Drag Snake label.
The first single, "Amazing", was featured on the teaser for RuPaul's Drag Race (season 6) which was released on December 9, 2013 and more recently on the 2015 film, The Duff.
The action sequences have an energy reminiscent of City of God but the scenes in which the priests deal with housing problems or struggle with ill health or the temptations of the flesh soon begin to drag."
Sue decides that New Directions needs a similar gimmick to win and she tells Kurt (Chris Colfer) to dress in drag, but he adamantly refuses.
 White Zombie, a record-holding vehicle in the National Electric Drag Racing Association
Holly Woodlawn, actress and a famous drag queen and Mary Woronov, actress and Warhol's friend from the Factory period also made appearances.
In 2004, Moyer relaunched Edie Sedgwick as a solo act, performing in drag accompanied only by an iPod.
Messimy and General Auguste Dubail had tried to introduce 105mm heavy guns, but French generals saw them as a defensive weapon like machine guns and as a drag on their offensive doctrine, preferring the more mobile "Soixante-Quinze" gun, so only a few had been introduced by 1914.
He described his processes in these works by stating "I have done nothing more than make it, drag it in, and make use of it in favor I know not what of, though I hope and believe in favor of a need for energy and amazement."
Auto Club Raceway at Pomona has hosted NHRA drag racing for over 50 years.
Between 2000 and 2002, Bogue participated in the cabaret drag queen show El show de las Hermanas Vampiro.
In September 1994, near Buffalo at the Lancaster Speedway drag races, there was a clash between the Hells Angels and a rival biker gang resulting in two deaths, and multiple injuries.
The Eppler airfoil has low drag in the two speed ranges that sailplanes mostly use: low, when soaring in thermals and high for flight between them.
The earlier NACA 6 series provides only a single, wide low drag region.
So, he chose a one-woman show call ‘’Sorry Wrong Number’’ and when they finished, Josh said to him that he was a modern-day drag version of Carol Burnett and that he should have my own variety show.
It featured a particularly low drag coefficient of , and a low kerb weight of .
A friend who performed as a drag queen suggested that he then seek work in Washington, D.C., as a full-time exotic dancer.
Behindwoods stated, "Director Vishnuvardhan, writer duo Subha and editor Sreekar Prasad have to be commended for managing to keep the audiences hooked to their seats for a majority of the movie with very few drag moments.
However, what brings the film down a notch is the pace, especially the second half, which seems to drag quite a bit.
Though there did not seem to be any fishing equipment in the back, there were drag marks in the bed of the vehicle.
The British Drag Racing Association (BDRA) was formed in June 1964 by Sydney Allard, a Ford motor dealer, hillclimbing, rally and circuit racing car driver.
It opened the first permanent drag racing strip in the UK at Santa Pod, near Bedford in 1966.
The combination of aerodynamic improvements, which lowered the design's drag by 2%, and 200 lbs less weight in the nose section resulted in an increased range of 4%.
As he approached the office to ask the attendant to activate the pumps, he saw an unshaven man in a flannel shirt inside the gas station struggling with Lopez and trying to drag her by her hair to the back of the station.
Arif, who lived with great ideas, couldn’t become higher than a simple man and finally drag out a miserable existence.
It is located in the village of Drag.
In a 2014 blog post, Vaillancourt described New Hampshire Congresswoman Ann McLane Kuster as "ugly as sin", comparing her unfavorably to a drag queen.
A college senior at age eighteen, he also worked to computationally quantify and minimise vehicle rolling friction and aerodynamic drag.
The coyote grabbed the playing child and started to drag her off into the bushes, but dropped the child and ran away when "lunged at" by the mother.
The track also hosts a regional event as part of the NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series.
NETA based its organization and rules on those used by the Southern California Timing Association (SCTA), and began hosting drag races on an irregular basis at airports in Newington, NH, Beverly, MA and finally at Sanford, ME.
Sanford proved to be a popular drag racing venue that drew large spectator crowds and attracted the attention of numerous nationally known racers such as Don Garlits and Art Arfons.
The NEHRC began looking for a suitable location to purchase land for the construction of a drag strip that would service the Boston market.
NHRA Camping World Drag Racing Series 
The 14 March alliance also accused the Syrian government of trying to drag Lebanon into its crisis.
Likewise, a "Z servo" allowed the Air Resistance Circuits to adjust for altitude-varying air density, and the drag aerodynamics were vectorized by a servo operating potentiometers to pick-off 3 bomb-specific deceleration voltages based on each cartesian velocity voltage.
At night we might take out the drag net and trawl deep in the dark water for sole, plaice, skate and even squid and cuttlefish.
Sibulkin was particularly known for his work on investigating drag around air intakes on jet-propelled aircraft.
In the Avanti, the three-surface configuration is claimed to significantly reduce wing size, weight and drag compared to the conventional equivalent.
Any such negative lift generated by the tail must be compensated by additional lift from the main wing, thus increasing wing area, drag, and weight requirements.
On a three-surface aircraft, neither of these handicaps is present and the main wing can be reduced in size, so also reducing weight and drag.
These aircraft were designed to expose a minimum of total surface area to the slipstream; thus reducing surface drag for speed and fuel efficiency.
Sandman and Roach drag Soap to the Osprey while Frost rushes to cover them.
In 1969, residents had feared commercial development in the area would attract drag racing teenagers.
As security personnel realised Kaldalu was not supposed to be there, they began to drag him away, and Kaldalu produced a piece of paper, which he had hidden under his shirt, reading "#free anakata".
It was the firm's first-ever MP3 player to be liberated from the SonicStage software - allowing simple drag and drop - but it has been shorn of the ability to play back ATRAC and AAC music files.
The gear ratios of second, third and fourth gears have been made longer (higher ratio) in order to improve fuel economy and drivability, which inadvertently reduces 1/4 mile drag racing times due to the ability to trap  in 4th gear, without the shift to 5th.
Later in the episode, when choreographer Linda calls places for the number, the lights go out, Rebecca Duvall steps out in Marilyn drag and performs "Happy Birthday to You Mr. President".
The whale was harpooned and forced to tow a wooden drogue or drag, which was used to tire it.
That way, the aircraft would generate lift with minimal drag.
When this measurement is repeated at different angles of attack the drag curve is obtained.
Depending on the aircraft type, it may be necessary to plot drag curves at different Reynolds and Mach numbers.
During the evolution of the design the drag curve will be refined.
Putting these  values into the second equation with  from the drag curve produces the power curve.
For an aircraft to climb at an angle θ and at speed  its engine must be developing more power  in excess of power required  to balance the drag experienced at that speed in level flight and shown on the power required plot.
When this is plotted on the drag polar, the intersection of the two curves locates the solution and its θ value read off.
The example polar here shows the gliding performance of the aircraft analysed above, assuming its drag polar is not much altered by the stationary propeller.
Each type of glider has a unique polar curve, and individual gliders vary somewhat depending on the smoothness of the wing, control surface drag, or the presence of bugs, dirt, and rain on the wing.
Political commentator Johnny Lau said that if Hu had not been planning on coming to Hong Kong, "the case could drag on or may be forgotten".
In lucha libre, an exótico is a luchador (male wrestler) fighting/performing in drag.
(August 1998) Lean Mean Fighting Queens: Drag in the World of Mexican Professional Wrestling.
Piquant interviews with Miranda's sister and various musicians and composers mingle with showbiz dish and, in a playful touch, dramatic reenactments by a man in Miranda drag.
The increased drag of a non-feathered propeller and the open bomb bay doors, combined with the lost power from one inoperative engine, caused them to slow down and forced them to fall out of formation.
Deborah Chandler Clark watches police drag a North Carolina river for her body.
While at Harvard, Amram wrote two of the Hasty Pudding Theatricals' comedy drag shows with her roommate and writing partner Alexandra Petri.
Grumpy's Toys: The Authorized History of Grumpy Jenkins' Cars is an authorized biography of drag racing legend Bill "Grumpy" Jenkins, with Jenkins himself writing the book's foreword.
Few men have impacted the sport of drag racing like Jenkins.
Prashanth appeared in drag role in Aanazhagan and noted the most daunting aspects of the role were the "waxing, the threading, the works" as well as "wearing a sari in summer, doing a bharatanatya sequence in a woman's costume, and getting the nuances and variations right were the other challenges", revealing his mum had assisted him.
The two-day event featured a Mile-Run, a Quarter-Mile Drag Race, and Gymkhana Time Trials.
The XM1113 increases range from  from a 39-caliber barrel using a large high-performance rocket motor delivering nearly three times more thrust, along with a streamlined exterior profile shape for lower drag.
The discreet homosexual nephew John turns into Stuart (Michael A. Anderson), a drag queen in the second film.
Having faced both childhood sexual abuse and bullying as a teenager because he was gay, Whiteknife first created the drag persona of Iceis Rain after being diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder.
The scene appears as part of Episode 6  and features a runway vogue battle choreographed by Father Jose Gutierez Xtravaganza with House of Xtravaganza voguers and a drag performance by Mother Gisele Alicea Xtravaganza.
Inter-satellite spacing is controlled by adjusting spacecraft orientation and, as a result, the difference in atmospheric drag between satellites.
An increase in drag lowers a satellite's altitude and increases its orbital velocity.
But after Maxie was nowhere to be found, Dillon was forced to dress in drag and pose as a woman.
Their first theatrical work, a drag rock opera called 33, premiered at Toronto's Buddies in Bad Times theatre as part of the 2012 Rhubarb Festival, while their rock band show has appeared at several venues in 2012, including the All Tomorrow's Parties and NXNE festivals.
Without agitation stand development can suffer from bromide drag.
Nkuchi was designed to ensure that widows do not flirt around and drag the name of the family to the mud and also it helps the family to ensure that children fathered by people of questionable character are not being born to the family.
Belt sanders may have been one of the first power tools used in the growing field of power tool drag racing wherein a pair of stock or modified belt sanders are placed in parallel wooden channels and fitted with long extension cords.
It implies a small change of a configuration serving an ideally large engineering benefit, like drag reduction, lift increase, mixing enhancement or noise reduction.
The solid particles are subjected to both viscous drag forces and inertial lift forces.
The finish was at the top of a long and fairly steep drag – the Côte de Seraing – rising for  at an average of 4.7%, which was expected to suit the race's puncheurs such as  rider Philippe Gilbert, who won a similar finish in the opening stage of the 2011 Tour at Mont des Alouettes.
Dexter and Denny, aided by other Destruction crew, cruelly drag the owner to the stove and they unmercifully burn his hands on the hot stove.
It stars Shelley Winters, Max von Sydow, Renato Pozzetto and Alberto Lionello, with the latter three in a dual role as both the victims of the killer, in drag, and those who apprehend her.
They're rescued by Lance and the trio tries to escape, only for the adult male killer to knock Lance unconscious and drag him off.
As the family was huddled on the second floor, they were able to drag a woman out the floodwater to safety through a window.
The book focuses on NHRA stock-class drag racing that took place between the years 1964 and 1971.
Drag racing was a popular hobby for many and initially their competition vehicles were typically warmed-over street cars that had been strategically upgraded to the limits of their class rules.
Thanks in part to the book, Junior Stock; Drag Racing The Family Sedan, these times will never be forgotten and can once again be relived.
A promotional video was made for Junior Stock: Drag Racing the Family Sedan two months prior to its release date.
It’s a big drag on performance.” Writing in the Financial Times, Smith has used a Tour de France analogy to explain his long-term investment philosophy.
Metaio Creator - The Metaio Creator was an augmented reality software that allows users to create a complete AR scenario without specialized programming knowledge through an easy to use drag and drop interface.
The 2019 Pride Day includes a diverse line up including the Spice Girl Mel C, Sink The Pink, Ru Paul's Drag Race alumni Peppermint and the return of Sophie Ellis-Bextor.
It was later used during the 1960s and 1970s as a drag strip but has since been abandoned again.
In the manga, Bell is a heterosexual drag queen.
More You Becomes You is the debut studio album by American musician Liam Hayes, released under his stage name Plush on September 8, 1998 on the Drag City label in the United States and on the Domino label in Europe.
 Sag, Drag and Fall (1955), score composed by Ken Massey and Don Gililland ()
With the advent of the economic slowdown that resulted from 1929 stock market crash, the Goodell-Pratt's excess capacity was a drag on its profits.
What a drag it is getting old: 'Aging suit' helps the young understand challenges of age
Snake & Mongoose is a 2013 American sports drama film directed by Wayne Holloway, starring Jesse Williams and Richard Blake as drag racers Don "The Snake" Prudhomme and Tom "The Mongoose" McEwen, respectively.
In the early 1960s, while in a moribund state, one of the runways was used as an unofficial auto drag strip by local civilians.
According to Baburao Patel in his review of the film in the November 1940 issue of Filmindia, he found the production to be of a poor standard, the direction weak, the songs "hopeless", and that bad editing tended to drag the picture.
Also, in the collection of setsuwa tales, the Uji Shūi Monogatari from medieval Japan, a gokusotsu (an evil ogre that torments the dead in hell) would drag a burning hi no kuruma (wheel of fire), it is said that they would attempt to take away the corpses of sinners, or living sinners.
It was after this that Neuwirth developed the drag persona of Conchita Wurst, a bearded woman.
All the drag queens looked stunning."
Designed for speed and tight turns, the SOC-R's V-shape belly allows the boat to skate along the surface, with relatively little drag on the hull.
After an accident in 1992, he retired from drag racing.
The 26th annual San Francisco Drag King Contest will be held 2 September 2021 at Oasis, 298 11th Street.
Drag King contest was held in May 1994 at the San Francisco Eagle bar, in the SOMA district.
Jane Wiedlin and Gina Schock of The Go-Go's, the late Arturo Galster Justin Vivian Bond John Cameron Mitchell have appeared at S.F Drag King Contest
He played as a fullback and was known for his abilities as a drag flicker.
Basil's coworkers, led by Agent Aitken, shot him for a traitor and a spy, and drag Basil out of the house and to the Institute's interrogation rooms.
The exterior design has a drag co-efficient of 0.26.
Polyacrylamides are used for their drag reducing properties on water to decrease frictional pressure losses, thereby maximizing bottom hole injection pressures allowing for a higher pressure from the same number of pump trucks.
He hides out with a drag queen (Philomène) who appeared with him at a talk show.
As described in a film magazine, Drag Harlan (Farnum) comes upon Lane Morgan (Mayall) dying as a result of an attack by Deveny's gang, who are after his gold mine.
Appearing on the Morgan ranch, Drag is challenged by John Haydon (Millett).
The sequels to the film, Assassinio sul Tevere, Delitto a Porta Romana, Delitto al ristorante cinese, Delitto sull'autostrada, Crime in Formula One and Cop in Drag had little to do with the crime genre, and grew more comedic with each film.
Contestants from the original RuPaul's Drag Race show returned to compete again.
RuPaul dedicated the first episode in memory of Sahara Davenport, a former competitor in season 2 of RuPaul's Drag Race who died due to heart failure.
He discovered this during his time with Dr. Sophie Scott during the making of the We Speak Music documentary with Nokia Bell Labs where they used an MRI to observe his diaphragm while using his signature beatbox technique, the Inward Drag.
Before 2011, transsexuals and drag queens could be seen in the streets; now they have disappeared."
ANDRA Top Fuel is a class of Australian drag racing.
Top Fuel is the elite Drag Racing category, known as the "Kings of the Sport".
"Let's Have a Kiki" inspired several viral video parodies from the drag queen community.
Red Gold is an EP by the experimental rock band Red Krayola, released in 2006 by Drag City.
Officers later drag a bound and blindfolded Cullen to a barn.
 Tommy Ivo (born 1936), American actor and drag racer
This was best expressed in "Prom" when he ignored common advice and attended the prom in his drag queen persona.
Bertone's design was reviewed by the team and subject to various tests, including the use of a wind tunnel, which proved it to produce compliant drag coefficients and crosswind stability levels.
Contestant and winner of Rupaul's Drag Race Season 13.
Mules were used to drag branches along tracks, making dust, imitating the movement of mounted troops.
 lowered drill pipe torque and drag,
Chuck Knipp, a white gay male drag performer who is known for his blackface act "Shirley Q.
“Owing to the starved condition of the horses, which rendered them unable to drag the guns of the Battery through the deep snow and rugged mountain passes, the guns were, one after the other, spiked and abandoned.
In CEC positive ions of the electrolyte added along with the analyte accumulate in the electrical double layer of the particles of the column packing on application of an electric field they move towards the cathode and drag the liquid mobile phase with them.
 Murray Hill (performer), New York–based drag king
It features transgender women, drag queens, and gay men who are friends with Candy.
Fellow high school students learned of his admission, repeatedly called him names, and once lassoed him and threatened to drag him with their pickup truck.
The press in Manchester seemed supportive of their efforts to expand the concept of burlesque to the LGBTQ community and to render sapphic art forms such as drag kinging available to a larger audience.
Lesburlesque and Pixie continue to spearhead the rise to equality of drag king performance art.
Speedway enthusiasts used the runways for drag racing and speed time checks until the runway surfaces begin to deteriorate over time.
Christeene Vale, known mononymously as Christeene, is an American drag queen, performance artist, singer-songwriter and rapper.
Christeene is Soileau's second drag character, his first being Rebecca Havemeyer, who is similar to Barry Humphries' Dame Edna.
But two years down the road Killjoy discovers that life on Earth is a drag, filled with inconveniences such as eating, breathing, taxes and immigration issues.
The aircraft's maximum range is determined by the level of efficiency with which thrust can be applied to overcome the aerodynamic drag.
Induced drag can be reduced by decreasing the size of the airframe, fuel and payload weight, and by increasing the wing aspect ratio or by using wingtip devices at the cost of increased structure weight.
As the weight indirectly generates lift-induced drag, its minimization leads to better aircraft efficiency.
Air density decreases with altitude, thus lowering drag, assuming the aircraft maintains a constant equivalent airspeed.
Today's tube-and-wing configuration could remain in use until the 2030s due to drag reductions from active flutter suppression for slender flexible-wings and natural and hybrid laminar flow.
She would take care of him, drag him to school, help him with homework and look out for him.
Initially, the program was created as a companion to Far Manager, bringing some features common for graphical file managers to this console application (thumbnails and tiles, drag and drop with other windows, true color interface, and others).
Fred provokes a fight, then challenges Jim to a "chicken" drag race, with Fred's friend Rick Camden helping him and ending up with a broken leg.
The P1 has Formula 1 derived features such as the Instant Power Assist System (IPAS), which gives an instant boost in acceleration via the electric motor, a Drag Reduction System (DRS) which operates the car's rear wing, thereby increasing straight line speed, and a KERS.
Her film work includes Sam Raimi's Drag Me To Hell, Michael Stevens' Bad City Blues, One Last Flight, Game of Life, Ranchero (opposite Danny Trejo) and the Fwak!
These parts might drag behind the main action.
RuPaul's Drag U was an American reality television series that aired from 2010-2012.
RuPaul is the "President" of Drag U.
There was also extra ply skinning inboard of the airbrakes, forward of the oblique, internal drag strut.
Away from the racecourse his main interest was drag hunting.
Sound analysis of the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recordings revealed that the drag produced by the propeller exceeded the thrust produced.
They interact with each other and with the plasma particles, e.g., they experience a drag force from the ions that are streaming to the edges of the plasma.
Edu Manzano introducing a drag queen production number by Michael V., Wendell Ramos, Keempee de Leon, Martin Escudero, Smokey Manaloto, and Gio Alvarez accompanied by Aljur Abrenica, Daniel Matsunaga, and Rayver Cruz.
 JC Jones as Trey, Stefan's young boyfriend, he works in a doughnut shop part-time and has a stage act at night as a drag queen
The competitor is provided with a drag rope of length no longer than 5m, a clip for tying up the rope and a bag to hold collected items.
Sally Hines, University of Leeds professor of sociology and gender identities, wrote in The Economist in 2018 that feminism and trans rights have been falsely portrayed as being in conflict by a minority of anti-transgender feminists, who often "reinforce the extremely offensive trope of the trans woman as a man in drag who is a danger to women".
In a town called Katzenstein inhabited by cats, King Looie Katz orders another cat, Fooie, to carry his tail so that it does not drag on the ground.
Among Fierstein's prior experiences were works about drag queens: La Cage aux Folles and Torch Song Trilogy.
Lola explains that the expensive and unreliable footwear is an essential part of any drag act.
After the tryout, the team went back to work, adding a new musical number for Charlie and a second song in the drag club, removing another song, and revising the book.
Lance Bass said in 2011 that he had thought the term was not a slur, having heard it frequently on RuPaul's Drag Race or Project Runway, but apologized for using the term on Access Hollywood after learning from The Advocate and the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) that it was no longer acceptable.
The theme was The Present in Drag and the locations were the Academy of Arts, the European School of Management and Technology, the Kunst-Werke Institute for Contemporary Art, the Feuerle Collection, and a sightseeing boat.
Furthermore, cruise drag reductions have a positive effect on fuel consumption and required take-off fuel load.
Current aircraft designs already employ winglets aimed at increasing the cruise flight efficiency by induced drag reduction.
, there are at least 139 professional drag strips operational in the United States.
Many pioneers in drag racing began at Santa Ana.
It was a two-speed automatic transmission that was in production from 1950 until 1973; variations are still used in drag racing owing to its simplicity and durability.
Twenty-five contestants entered the first high heel drag race held outside  J.R.'s Bar & Grill (at 1529 17th St NW) on Halloween 1986.
The Albert Kennedy Trust, a charity that works for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender young people who are homeless or in hostile living environments, started the Annual Soho Drag Race in September 2011.
They drag his unconscious-self into his building, avoiding his traps, and lay him down on a bed.
It includes a large rear wing bolted directly on the chassis, a front splitter, and a new front underbody spoiler in order to balance out the excess drag.
Although the Aulic Council at Vienna ruled in favour of the Abbey in 1715, the Solms objected and the proceedings continued to drag on for decades, without having been resolved in 1803 when the abbey was dissolved.
Wlodyka quit drag racing to begin oval track competition in 1970.
During the game, players have three two-minute rounds, during which they drag and drop numbered gems as fast as possible.
This is recorded as the "DCOF", or the amount of friction necessary to drag (dynamic meaning "in motion") the standardized rubber across the flooring.
Subsequently the airstrip was used for organised drag racing until at least 1967 (possibly later) at which time AA class fuellers raced along with funny cars in times approaching 10 secs for the 1/4 mile track.
Cognates: Spanish renquear 'to drag one's leg, to limp', Italian rancare 'to limp'.
Another then clambered aboard; they then saw a man face down and lifeless who they managed to drag aboard.
A main factor in swimming is the amount of drag the swimmer has to overcome when swimming.
On their own initiative, they utilised a block and tackle system to drag a 24-pounder up the face of the Rock.
Shangela Laquifa Wadley, from Seasons 2 and 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race appears as one of Isabelle Wright's friends and party guests.
Welded to the frame was a four-door fast back steel body for which the drag coefficient quoted was a remarkable 0.36.
Since the hydrodynamic drag of a sphere close to a planar substrate is known theoretically, the spring constant of the cantilever can be deduced.
Robert Hight (born August 20, 1969) is an NHRA drag racer and president of John Force Racing, and driver of the Auto Club of Southern California Chevrolet Camaro SS Funny Car.
He then accuses Merle of betraying the people of Woodbury and has his men drag Daryl into the arena as proof of Merle's complicity; the residents start chanting for their blood.
The 2013 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series was announced by the NHRA on August 12, 2012.
Hell and Back (album), a 2004 album by Drag On
In a behaviour known as "spur marking", they grasp the substrate, usually a small sapling, and drag the spur over it, cutting into the wood and spreading the gland's secretions.
The game uses a drag and drop interface to position and ignite the objects.
The fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race began airing on January 28, 2013, with a 90-minute premiere episode.
The winner of the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Jinkx Monsoon, with Alaska and Roxxxy Andrews being the runners-up, and Ivy Winters being crowned season 5's Miss Congeniality by fans.
The overnight ratings for the fifth-season premiere of Rupaul's Drag Race reinforced the show's position as Logo's juggernaut.
This number represents a 33% increase over Logo's previous top-rated season premiere (fourth-season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race) and clocks in as the highest-rated season premiere in Logo history.
On social media platforms for premiere night, RuPaul's Drag Race and Untucked showed a 136% increase in social activity versus the fourth-season premiere – this includes tweets, Facebook posts and Get Glue check-ins.
But Ravi and Jaggi forcefully drag & put her inside a coffin while she helplessly watches them closing it.
The music video for "Flavor" was directed by Danielle Levitt and it features Amos walking the streets of New York City and encountering many different people, including skaters, gospel women from Harlem, drag queens, and breakdancers.
Young women who were guests on the show were sometimes placed in a spoof of The Dating Game in which the guest interviewed three hidden "bachelors", all of whom were an obvious mismatch for the "bachelorette" (e.g., a drag queen or a dwarf).
When he gets tired at a party, he becomes a drag on Lois and she splits to party with younger girls.
However, with the establishment of the Hollywood Production Code, drag depictions almost disappeared from mainstream commercial films.
He appeared in drag in the films At War with the Army, Scared Stiff, and Money From Home and routinely adopted effeminate mannerisms and gender ambiguous role-playing with his partner Dean Martin.
Drag portrayals also made a comeback in many films of the 1990s, notably The Birdcage (1996), starring Robin Williams and Nathan Lane, Mrs. Doubtfire (1993), also starring Robin Williams, The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert (1994), starring Guy Pearce, and To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything!
He also pleaded for the election not to drag on, as "That would not redound to our dignity or to our honour."
The Pride Week, held for the first time in the Mumbai march, included festivities, like QAM Mela and drag shows, play readings, shopping, panel discussions and films.
During the election campaign, Huq was manhandled by the former vice-chairman of the local Conservative branch, Karim Sacoor, who was caught on video repeatedly attempting to drag her away from Boris Johnson, who was campaigning with her Conservative rival Angie Bray.
Alternatively, the lizard petroglyphs may have been inspired by fossil footprints of the ichnogenus Brachycheirotherium, which is sometimes accompanied by lizard-like tail drag marks.
 Aerodynamics of aircraft and vehicles : lift and drag 
As from 2020/2021 a new set of fitness tests, the Role Fitness Test, have been introduced, which cover a broader range of physical performance but have the disadvantage of requiring equipment such as a hex bar for deadlifts, a pull up bar for pull ups, power-bags to lift and carry, and weighted bag (simulating a casualty) to drag.
Political turmoil in the post-independence era was an obstacle to economic growth, but agriculture itself did not put a drag on it.
Occasionally, host workers try to drag slavemakers out of the nest, and only respond aggressively when attacked by them.
J.J. must drag Pete back to the pit and then set the fallen parts in place again.
Critical path drag is a project management metric developed by Stephen Devaux as part of the Total Project Control (TPC) approach to schedule analysis and compression  in the critical path method of scheduling.
In networks where all dependencies are finish-to-start (FS) relationships (i.e., where a predecessor must finish before a successor starts), the drag of a critical path activity is equal to whichever is less: its remaining duration or (if there is one or more parallel activity) the total float of the parallel activity that has the least total float.
(If there were another separate parallel path, not in this diagram, that had float of 9 or fewer units, then A's drag would be equal to that float amount as it would be less than 10.)
If the volume of work in the first part of the activity can be performed faster, the lag to the trench-digging can shrink, decreasing the drag in the predecessor and compressing the critical path.
Critical path drag is often combined with an estimate of the increased cost and/or reduced expected value of the project due to each unit of the critical path's duration.
[www.ecliniqua.com/2009/08/07/prochain.html "ProChain Solutions: Diagnosing the Drag in Clinical Development" eCliniqua Magazine] 
 Danny Jacobs as Bob Drag, a publisher (seasons 3–4)
After Mabel rejects the gnomes, they kidnap her and drag her deeper into the forest.
In addition to F1 the track also hosted FIA GTs, the Formula BMW World Final, Australian V8 Supercars and major drag race events.
After demanding that she come home (implying that the man is Josette's husband), threatening her with consequences, and trying to physically drag her away, the man retreats out of frame and fires shots from a gun.
Harris performed under the stage name of Hibiscus and co-founded The Cockettes, a "flamboyant, psychedelic gay-themed drag troupe."
Also called the Vektor-T calibration sphere, the Sfera satellite is used to determine the density of the upper atmosphere by measuring how much drag occurs when the satellite passes through it.
Their aim was to drag from different traditions to create an entirely new music.
3), Shelley Oceans as the Drag Queen (ep.
His father Albert ran a septic tank service, and was a drag racer at the sportsman level.
He also appeared in episode 3 of Idris Elba: No Limits as Elba's drag racing instructor.
The two inner panels, straight edged with constant chord and carrying dihedral, joined on top of the fuselage, their extremities braced from the lower fuselage with flat steel V-struts, encased in faired wood to reduce drag and assisted on each side by a pair of jury struts.
Vehicles with "sharp" leading edges have significantly higher lift to drag ratios, enhancing the fuel efficiency of sustained flight vehicles such as DARPA's HTV-3 and the landing cross-range and operational flexibility of reusable orbital spaceplane concepts being developed such as the Reaction Engines Skylon and Boeing X-33.
Some skiers and snowboarders found it difficult to use, as it required arm strength to hang on for the duration of the ride up the hill, and the heavy rope would also drag on the ground in the mid-section of the lift, carving grooves into the snow that were easy to trip over.
Died: David Ward King, 62, American inventor who created the horse-drawn King road drag, the first road grader, making the improvement of dirt roads possible.
He is apprehended by seven figures wearing Guy Fawkes masks and old coats, who place a bag over his head and drag him to a nearby classroom.
By default, the system is navigated through drag and drop windows on PC.
Denni is involved in a drag race against Drew and Lucas Holden (Rhys Wakefield), which results in Lucas' ex, Lisa Duffy (Jessica McNamee) being killed in a car crash.
Jesus Freak Hideout's Bert Gangl said that "A few of the songs tend to drag on a bit.
FactorySQL was a drag and drop .NET application that ran as a Windows service.
Proto.io utilizes a drag and drop user interface (UI) and does not require coding.
Virginia would score 12 unanswered points, culminating in a great toe drag by Darius Jennings to give the Cavaliers the lead.
Miramar officials said the aircraft did not deploy a drag chute when it landed, and it appeared that Kleemann was relying solely on the brakes.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; one was on the straight between turns 3 and 4, and the second was on the start/finish straight from the final to first corners.
 Latrice Royale from RuPaul's Drag Race
Yadav ordered his men to drag girls as young as age 12 to a nearby derelict building to gang rape.
On pit road after the race, Rhodes tried to drag Dippel from his truck before calling him a dirty driver.
Electro-hydraulic equipment used in mining operations employ rotary unions including shuttle cars and coal cars, drill heads, backhoes, clam shell cranes and drag lines.
Delitto al Blue Gay, internationally released as Cop in Drag, is a 1984 Italian "poliziottesco"-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.
Despite the perpetual troubles the team experienced with the "passive Drag Reduction System" device on the E20 chassis, which spent most of the 2012 season in development without ever being raced, the E21 was launched with a passive DRS device of its own.
In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.
Don Rickles plays Big Drag, proprietor of The Pit Stop, a teen hangout where several musical numbers are performed.
The flow of the fluid around the airfoil gives rise to lift and drag forces.
Additionally, the drag acting on that part of the blades/airfoils with chord  is given by the following expression:
 Jean-François Guèvremont, Canadian drag queen and electropop singer
Single-handedly, he managed to drag the wounded officer some distance up onto the bank of the creek where others then helped carry him out of the danger area.
This maintains the same level of downforce but less drag.
Jen and Gary flee to a nearby barn, where the aliens drag Jen away as Gary and Tank escape up a ladder.
These include sending a bouquet of roses with a CD and concert invite to supermodel Amber valletta during an appearance at Neiman Marcus, Darlington appearing onstage in drag, and regular appearances on KTCK radio station on a former night time talk radio show called the Wild Ass Circus.
When "the son of the place" appears on the scene, he uses a stick to drag "an out-of-shape old can or kettle" from the wreckage, and attempts to tell the others present about his loss.
 Blaine Johnson (1962-1996), American drag racer
 Farrah Moan (born 1993), American drag queen and entertainer
Jon Snodgrass is a musician and member of the groups Armchair Martian, Scorpios, and Drag the River.
1999 – Drag Ass (F-111 Records/Warner Bros. Records)
On 7 March 2014, Drag Queens of London was announced.
Roy Bullard—Roy is a former drag queen and also a co-owner of Tangulls.
Nick Krewen, writing for The Star, dismissed "Pusher Love Girl" as a "dull dirge" of a song that "plods along at a midtempo slog lasting five minutes, before a false ending and equally dull coda drag our carcasses another 400 meters after its initial impact".
The school opened in 1835, but months later, outraged opponents used a team of oxen to drag the Academy building down Canaan Street and forced the Black pupils out of town.
Dat Rosa Mel Apibus by White Magic (2006, Drag City) - violin
In studies by cameras mounted on submersibles, it has been found that sea lilies can drag themselves along the seabed by their arms.
Pandora Boxx (born 1972), American drag queen, comedian, and reality television personality
In 2020, A seven-part podcast called "The Orange Tree," published by The Drag, which is an audio production house at the University of Texas, took a deep dive look at Jennifer's life, the trials and the appeals.
"Chow Down," featuring Detox and Vicky Vox was released on March 18, 2012, following Willam's elimination from the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police would then read a court injunction and carry or drag protesters into a bus, which would transport them to the police station in Ucluelet to be charged and released.
Matt Levitt left The Main Drag after the release of Yours As Fast As Mine.
Typical Watsu moves use turbulent drag to produce traction and softly stretch the limbs and torso.
He is the author of two humor books: Fifty Shades Of Gay and Straight People: A Spotters Guide, as well as the young adult novels A Very Very Bad Thing and  Drag Teen.
The rate of sequencing or imaging is dependent on the mechanical movement speed of the magnetic beads, which is limited by drag force.
Photo series she has made include Elvis Presley fans, Marilyn Monroe impersonators, drag queens, wrestlers and bodybuilders and the recreation of photographs by Lewis Carroll, using her daughter as a model.
She also photographed drag queens at the then Trish's nightclub in North Melbourne and at the Annual Miss Alternative World Ball held at the San Remo Ball room, Melbourne.
Erica Andrews, 43, Mexican drag performer, Miss Continental (2004), lung ailment.
To design, develop and implement Drag Sail technology in STUDSAT 2B for de-orbiting.
While Queen Bansheera attempted to drag Carter into a portal to the Shadow World, Diabolico's spirit appeared before them and offered his help.
Leanbow then overpowered Black Lance and used a teleportation spell to drag Black Lance down into the Underworld, where the Knight-like terror vowed that he would get his revenge on Leanbow.
I tried to drag his body to the side.
Waking Up is Hard to Do is the second studio album by the American indie rock band Giant Drag, released on March 5, 2013 on Full Psycho Records, the band's own label.
Mimi Imfurst is the stage name of Braden Chapman (or Braden Maurer-Burns), an American drag performer.
He later was adopted by a lesbian couple and started doing drag at the age of 16.
The series featured fellow New York drag queens Bianca Del Rio, Dallas DuBois, Hedda Lettuce, Lady Bunny, Peppermint, and Sherry Vine.
Imfurst was among 12 former contestants brought back for RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
Xelle's music video for "Queen", dedicated to the late Sahara Davenport, featured appearances by Imfurst's fellow RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Alexis Mateo, Jiggly Caliente, Jujubee, Manila Luzon, Pandora Boxx, Phi Phi O'Hara, Raven, Shannel, Tammie Brown, and Yara Sofia.
It serves as the main drag of Streetsville where it is called Queen Street and uses Britannia Rd.
Chad Michaels is an American drag performer and professional Cher impersonator.
Michaels chose to perform under his own name after working at "An Evening at La Cage" in Las Vegas, which required the drag queens to use male stage names.
In 2011, Chad was announced as one of the 13 queens competing on the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2012.
This secured his spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame.
Llewellyn made history once again in 2010 by becoming the first woman of color to own, operate and race for an NHRA professional drag racing team, 2 Wheel Woman Racing.
Scudder talks to Leila's fiancé, Reuben, who saw two men drag her into a van driven by a third.
After she met Tandi Andrews, who became her drag mother and mentor, she changed her stage name to Erica Hutton Andrews and subsequently to Erica Andrews.
She was called "the most beautiful drag queen in captivity".
 Judy Massare analyzed Mesozoic marine reptile swimming abilities and found that long-necked plesiosaurs would have been significantly slower than pliosaurs due to excess drag incurred from the length of the neck.
breakage levels of maize in pneumatic conveyors were found to be similar to those of bucket or drag conveyors.
Ferguson begins his discussion with a description of a black drag queen prostitute, who serves as a fixture of urban capitalism in Marlon Riggs' Tongues United.
The conservative National Review magazine, which also covered the show, described Feldman as "Jonathan Winters in drag," which Feldman took as a compliment.
[...] Unlike other television series that drag on because they rate, these nine-weeks have been planned from beginning to end so the audience will get hooked."
Kevin Eason of The Times wrote, "It took team-mates of raw courage and epic skill to drag Formula One from the round of squalid infighting that polluted the cool night air of Bahrain yesterday."
The drag reduction system (DRS), an adjustable flap at the back of each car that helps with overtaking when activated, had two activation zones for the race: one on the Wellington Straight linking the Arena and Brookands turns, and one on the Hangar Straight between Chapel and Stowe corners.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race: one was on the main straight linking turns 11 and 12 and the second was on the straight between the 13th and first corners.
During practice, McLaren used a rear suspension blocker to replace some downforce lost on the MP4-29 with the lower rear wing's removal at the cost of including drag.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race: one was on the straight between the second Lesmo corner and the Ascari chicane, and the second was on the straight linking Parabolica to the Rettifilo chicane.
The sport's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), elected to retain two drag reduction system (DRS) activation zones from 2013: one was on the straight between turns 10 and 11, and the second was on the straight linking the final and first corners.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; one was from turns five and seven, and the second was on the start/finish straight from the final to first corners.
 Donna Sachet – drag performer, activist
Edwards subsequently appeared on the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars and starred in her own web series, Alyssa's Secret.
In his constant encounters with piratical lorchas Captain Gulliver made use of a drag sail, with which he would suddenly deaden the way of his schooner, and so out-manoeuvre these "Invincibles," as they called themselves.
Though it served its immediate purpose, this feature required extra cabane strengthening and much increased the induced drag associated with vortices at wing tips, now six rather than four in number.
The band was started by Charlie Paulson and Xander Smith and features drag queens Kelly Mantle, Rhea Litré, Vicky Vox, and Willam Belli.
In June 2016, Detox was announced as one of the cast members on the second season of RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race.
The Drag was said to make open digs at The Captive and its palatable writing, performing satirical songs such as “The Woman Who Stole My Gal”.
The final scene consisted of a giant Drag Ball with little dramatic function that utilized an extended company of performers.
In 1928, West opened a re-worked version of The Drag titled The Pleasure Man.
She seems suddenly to remember that she is writing for the theatre and to drag in a theatrical type by the scruff of its neck."
Kelly Mantle (born July 9, 1976), is an American actor, singer/songwriter, comedian, musician, drag queen, and reality television personality.
The band was started by Charlie Paulson and Xander Smith and features drag queens Detox, Rhea Litré, Vicky Vox, and Willam Belli.
Terry Capp, Canadian drag racer
Her crew had to drag the William Bennett on her carriage to the East gangway just below Beeston Hill where she could be launched.
The song was released to coincide with the fifth season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The Chinese State newspaper Xinhua shamed Tsai Ing-Wen by commenting, "As a single female politician, she lacks the emotional drag of love, the pull of the 'home,’ and no children to care for",
The song was released on March 18, 2012, following Willam's elimination from the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
RuPaul's Drag Race pit crew member Jason Carter appears in the music video.
Not to mention enough baubles, bangles and beading to keep a whole season of RuPaul's Drag Race contestants in runway attire."
Fitted with a removable propeller, which could be hauled up onto deck by means of chains to reduce drag when the vessel was operating under sail power alone
It has been said that "it became a habit of the French to drag the Scots into the bigger Anglo-French dispute when they might well have stayed out."
On September 11, 2013, the drag queen group DWV (Detox, Willam Belli, and Vicky Vox), released a parody called "Blurred Bynes."
It's the same play which has inspired Govinda's drag act in Aunty No.
Willam Belli (born 1982), American actor and drag queen
In 2021, he hosted and co-judged Season 2 of Canada's Drag Race.
Speed tests demonstrated that the ship was not fast enough for her intended duties, and attempts to increase her speed by fitting a different rudder to reduce drag failed to rectify the problem.
Using computational modeling, it was determined that the presence of tubercles produces a delay in the angle of attack until stall, thereby increasing maximum lift and decreasing drag.
The vortex created by the tubercle delays flow separation toward the trailing edge of the wing, thus reducing the effects of drag.
The tubercles on the flippers help to maintain lift, preventing stall, and decreasing the drag coefficient during turning maneuvers.
We have years of drag, voguing and miming behind us – but they have been done within a group that wants that and reconfirms it.
With the state of emergency declared the military used armoured personnel carriers to drag buses out of snow drifts.
However, when he attacked Pops, he soon realized that he was being sucked into the hole as well for being so hideous, but planned to drag Pops along with him.
Normal depth occurs when the driving force of gravity is just balanced by the frictional force of drag along the channel sides and bottom.
By extension, the lift and drag forces will also be functions of .
That is, the drag substantially increases.
The speed of motion in air is faster than in water because of drag force.
The animal jumping out of water will feel almost no drag, since the air density is 1,000 times less than water density.
Then we came under fire, so we couldn't drag him out of there."
The power needed to overcome drag is the product of the force times speed and thus becomes the cube of the speed at high Reynolds numbers.
The Thicket is the second album by David Grubbs, released on September 15, 1998 through Drag City.
The Spectrum Between is the fourth album by David Grubbs, released in 2000 through Drag City.
He is best friend and roommate to the wacky Bolts, and often must drag his impulsive friend out of trouble.
Justin Andrew Honard is an American drag queen and recording artist known by the stage name Alaska Thunderfuck 5000, primarily known mononymously as Alaska from Erie, Pennsylvania.
Dissatisfied with the auditioning process, she turned to drag and got a job at the West Hollywood club Fubar.
As part of the Haus of Haunt, she helped present the Pittsburgh debut of fellow drag queen and recording artist Christeene Vale in 2013.
RuPaul's Drag Race judge Michelle Visage and season four contestant Willam Belli also starred in the musical.
Since July 2018 she has hosted a podcast with fellow Drag Race alumna Willam Belli.
Soon after, she created and hosted The Drag Queen of the Year Pageant Competition Award Contest Competition, in Montalban Theater in Hollywood.
She is one of the most followed queens from Drag Race, and has accumulated over 1.8 million Instagram followers as of October, 2021.
I can't think of almost anything more artistically redeeming than a huge museum full of drag queens, but maybe that's just me."
Honard's drag name is derived from Alaskan Thunderfuck, a strain of cannabis.
Iolo Morganwg, who revived Welsh bardic traditions during the 18th and 19th centuries, popularised a version of the myth that had Hu Gadarn's two long-horned oxen drag the afanc from the lake, enabling it to be killed.
Images can be uploaded, drag and dropped, or pasted.
Their original drag name was going to be "Heidi Destruction" before settling on Jinkx Monsoon.
As part of RuPaul's Drag Race, Monsoon sang on the "We Are the World"-inspired song "Can I Get an Amen?"
In October 2013 it was announced that Drag Becomes Him was being turned into a feature-length film with Seattle-based producer Basil Shadid on board.
Hoffer suffers from narcolepsy, a fact that they revealed in the season five premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Their drag persona's last name, Monsoon, is derived from the character Edina Monsoon from the British sitcom Absolutely Fabulous.
He revealed on Drag Race that his mother abandoned him and his sister at a bus stop as a child.
Roxxxy's drag mother was Erica Andrews (1969–2013).
In June 2016, it was announced that Roxxxy would return to Rupaul's Drag Race for the second season of All Stars.
In July 2020, he returned to the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars as a Lip-Sync Assassin.
Coco Montrese (born July 2, 1974) is the stage name of Martin Cooper, an American drag queen, entertainer, and reality television personality.
Working there allowed her to be able to work during the day and do drag during the evenings.
Montrese was chosen to appear on the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, which premiered August 25, 2016.
Montrese also appeared on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars as the 'Lipsync Assassin' of episode 1.
She first came to national attention on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, followed by releasing her debut EP Honey Love.
At the beginning of season 6 of Drag Race, Mahogany stated that she was "Team Courtney" for who should win, referring to Courtney Act.
Theater and The Craft... of Drag!
In 2015 and 2017 Mahogany starred as Lieutenant Uhura in a live action drag version of Star Trek directed by fellow San Francisco queen D'Arcy Drollinger.
Mahogany and Christ were joined by Drag Race alum Katya Zamolodchikova and UK queens Cheddar Gorgeous and Anna Phylactic.
For five years starting in December 2012, Mahogany headlined and emceed Mahogany Mondays, a drag and cabaret show held at Midnight Sun in The Castro.
", along with other well known drag queens and RPDR alum.
After deciding to perform in drag herself, Dejesus-Anaya chose the name 'Monica', a tribute to Bollywood actress Monica and then Beverly Hills, the city in Los Angeles County, where she wanted to live.
I'm not just a drag queen – I'm a transgendered woman."
Other drag queens featured in the series included RPDR alum Gia Gunn (Season 6), Dida Ritz (Season 4), and Jade Jolie (Season 5).
Other drag queens who joined for the video included RPDR alum JujuBee (season 2), Kelly Mantle (season 6), Jade Sotomayor (season 1),  Jade Jolie (season 5), Joslyn Fox (season 6), and Jaidynn Diore Fierce (season 7).
The talk is part of a book project La Fountain-Stokes is working on called Translocas: Trans Diasporic Puerto Rican Drag.
Morgan first performed in drag in 2010.
Outside of drag, Morgan owns Serena ChaCha Wigs, a wig company.
His drag mom is Dana Douglas.
Before Drag Race, Green worked as an adult performer under the name Tristan Everhard.
After Drag Race, Jolie was in the music video for Pandora Boxx's "Knew You Seemed Shady!"
A close friend of the families involved was reported as saying that the novel was ‘insensitive’ and that ‘They're horrified and appalled to think that someone would drag up the case again just as the media interest was beginning to die down.’ Author Kevin Power stated that he did not research the Murphy case while writing the book.
Under the new restrictions on burlesque, Chauncey is limited to performing one "nance" sketch played in drag, which he finds demeaning.
When the front velocity increases, this film thickness (d) will decrease due to increasing drag forces.
Non-transgender-identified peoples are often also included under the "trans" umbrella for transgender studies, such as intersex people, crossdressers, drag artists, third gender individuals and genderqueer people.
Large chines along the forward fuselage can have a significant effect on aircraft lift, drag, longitudinal balance and directional stability.
While always a fan of stock car racing, Bowdry’s career started as a drag racer in Detroit, Michigan and quickly transitioned into the world of boat racing.
Master contracts also make it easier for newly organized workers, who get rolled into existing contract rather than having to negotiate their own first contract (with the risk that negotiations may drag on or collapse, causing the new union to eventually collapse).
But we would also drag Mainak into our PNPC sessions.
He said that he did not want the case to drag on for years without being solved and made a plea to his son's killer to give himself up.
Blanco also disagrees with those who portray her as a drag artist, saying "You can't tag me as the rapping transvestite.
Vicky Vox has yet to make an appearance on Drag Race.
In January 2013, following up on the success of their first single, DWV released another music video, this time for their single "Boy Is a Bottom", coinciding with the premiere of the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, on which Detox was a contestant.
Willam Belli (born June 30, 1982) is an American actor, drag queen, and singer-songwriter from Philadelphia, based in Los Angeles.
Matthew Sanderson (born June 3, 1985), known mononymously as Detox, is an American drag queen and recording artist from Orlando, based in California.
Vicky Vox is an American actor, drag queen, and singer-songwriter based in California.
The Tiger was also raced on quarter-mile drag strips, and for two years was the American Hot Rod Association's national record holder in its class, reaching a speed of  in 12.95 seconds.
Repenning is the inventor of drag and drop blocks programming.
Royale's first foray into drag was dressing up as Wanda, a character from American sketch comedy show In Living Color, to amuse his friends.
Her drag mother is Tiffany Arieagus.
In the season finale, it was announced that Royale would appear on RuPaul's Drag U, which aired later that year.
Beautiful People, Great Food/Drinks and the Drag Shows are amazing!"
In order to maximize range, the missile was normally flown almost vertically to a higher altitude than the target, where the thinner air lowered drag and allowed the missile to descend on its target.
"Private Hell", a song by Imperial Drag from Demos
Use of the editor is simple, all one has to do is open the editor, tap the object and script you wish to edit, open one of the block tabs, and drag out code blocks.
Andy and His Grandmother is the posthumous debut album from American comedian Andy Kaufman, released on Drag City on July 16, 2013.
3 engine had separated, and drag from the drooping landing gear and flaps, the airplane was unable to make it to the runway and attempted to land on a golf course in the final approach corridor.
Lift Coefficient (CL) and Drag Coefficient (CD) are given as -
This film’s a hard slog, badly dubbed and veers wildly in tone (one minute the priest is in drag, the next he’s being executed by firing squad).
Shelton has claimed a drag queen show is "pornography".
Unlike the original single-seat Quickie, Rutan was not involved with the design of the Q2, but it retains the Rutan tandem wing solution to the design challenges associated with low drag, high-efficiency design, with a fixed undercarriage and a useful center of gravity range.
However, the principal advantage to the Q2/Q200 configuration was probably the reduced size and, therefore, reduced flat plate, wetted area and drag associated with the airframe integration.
 Barracuda Networks eoN – Powers software defined virtual appliances without performance drag.
Christopher Caldwell (Bob the Drag Queen) appears as Darnell, a recovering addict in "Meth(od)."
Club, Annie Zaleski noted that the album "unlike previous Camera Obscura efforts, its songs aren’t as immediate or arresting" because it "has a few sleepy spots" that "causes it to drag on occasion."
Sherlock and Mary come to his rescue on a motorcycle and manage to drag him out of a lit bonfire on which a "guy" (Guy Fawkes effigy) was about to be burned.
 Supports drag and drop of video, audio, and images
The other products include tie rod assemblies, drag link assemblies, center link assemblies and gear shift ball joints.
Raja and Mayhem Miller are Litré's drag mothers.
Other models included former RuPaul's Drag Race contestants.
1232 Jack Drag - TBA CASS
In midwater, a swimming diver is propelled with least exertion when the body is aligned with the direction of travel, as this minimises drag, Finning effort required to maintain depth is additional to the effort to move in the desired direction.
The documentary focuses on the American actor, singer and drag performer Divine (October 19, 1945 – March 7, 1988), born Harris Glenn Milstead, a lifelong friend and collaborator of filmmaker John Waters.
Jacob (Lou's son) and Nick drag him to the hot tub time machine and activate it to travel back in time to find and stop the killer.
Working in tandem with the standard ground effect tunnels under the rear of the car, the nose diffuser would balance front and rear grip while minimizing drag.
The front cross-section of the monocoque was also minimized as much as possible within the rules, in order to reduce drag.
very low pitch, there will be high drag force.
The CCV's drag co-efficient was 0.27.
Its low drag design means that trikes equipped with this wing require less installed power.
This formula disregards tether drag, wing and tether weights, change of the air density with altitude and angle of the wing motion vector to the plane, perpendicular to the wind.
In designing the Intrepid, Bob Riley considered developing maximum downforce as the primary goal rather than minimizing aerodynamic drag, which meant sacrificing the car's top speed in favor of increasing its cornering speed.
On the straights, its massive drag left the Intrepid as much as  slower than its GTP competitors—but its equally massive downforce meant that the Intrepid fairly flew through the turns with superior handling.
Three years before, Kamito participated in the Blade Dance in drag under the name Ren Ashbell and won the title of the Strongest Blade Dancer.
Whitehead of Eurogamer wrote that the game begins to drag after level 25 and slows into a grind, though its flow overall is effortlessly cool, like a "first-person Crackdown".
The drag created by the dispersion particles resists the depletion force between them, pulling the free particle away from the adhered particle.
Motorsailers typically have variable-pitch propellers, which are necessary to mitigate the drag that derives from their large diameter needed to transmit power to the water.
In June of the same year, the American group Major Lazer released "Sua Cara", along with her and drag queen singer Pabllo Vittar.
The fuel savings of the now closed loop fly-by-wire control come from the enhanced flight stability and the resulting increased lift (lower tail downward force) and weight savings and drag reductions related to the 26% reduction in the horizontal tail (tailplane) size.
The Rat tries to drag Mommy away, so Poppa punches him out, and Mommy agrees to remarry Poppa ("The Wedding").
Too Many Humans / Teen Love (2020, Drag City)
 "You Got The Money" (reprise) – Drag Queen
It was designed to produce 15% more downforce and reduce the drag by 5%.
A tribute to the high concept trashiness of B-movies, the film centres on Harry (Chriss Lee), a scientist who is trying to locate the gene that controls guilt, but transforms into a combination vampire and drag queen after being bitten by one of his lab rats.
Ryan Dombal of Pitchfork called the song the "album pinnacle" and "a nightmarish story of divorce and betrayal," while Jody Rosen of Vulture stated that: "[West is] well aware how audacious to interpolate that sacred song into a monstrously self-pitying ... a melodrama about what a drag it is when your side-piece won't abort your love child."
After appearing in the Princess Rap Battle, Glieson also released her original song "Look At Us" on YouTube, featuring Ongina from RuPaul's Drag Race and YouTuber Zedakiah.
Their third album, Chills on Glass, was released by independent record label Drag City in 2014.
As the Pagoda Palace, it specialized in Chinese-language films and hosted The Cockettes, a midnight drag revue, from 1969 to 1971.
Guinness World Records has certified him as the oldest drag queen performer on the West Coast, with a career as an entertainer spanning 55 years as of 2021.
He is the oldest UK drag artiste still working, turning 85 in 2021.
In Kelly Clarke's review of Cole's memoir, she described him as "an energetic businessman whose desire for a life less ordinary catapulted him from a job at Fred Meyer to become the proprietor of a counterculture coffee shop, an after-hours jazz club, a rough-'n'-ready 'dyke bar' and, finally, a nationally known drag revue, without ever leaving Portland."
She manages to drag herself to the pool during a lavish party and falls in.
On the final lap of the circuit, there were double points on offer for the Gliczarów Górny ascent, which came just  before the uncategorised  uphill drag to the finish line.
Wurst is the drag stage persona of Tom Neuwirth, who in 2007 finished second in the third season of Austrian talent show Starmania, behind the 2011 Austrian entry Nadine Beiler.
Aja (entertainer), contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race (season 9)
The boys arrive on the beach to find Hank passed out, and they drag him back to their hut.
Two of the newly recorded Bona Drag tracks were released as singles: "November Spawned a Monster", a song about a woman who is a wheelchair user, reached number 12 in the charts but received criticism from some who believed that it mocked disabled people.
The motor, mounted separately and tethered to a spring, is allowed limited rotation about its own axis; because the load varied with groove modulations, the increases in drag would thus be dampened by the spring-loaded motor, and the platter acceleration mitigated.
 Victoria "Porkchop" Parker, drag performer
However, Moaba also wrote that "damaged Deb is getting to be a little bit of a drag."
The video for "All Night" was directed by Marc Klasfeld and follows the hidden lifestyle of nightlife performers in the ball culture, particularly, but not limited to, drag queens.
Matt Fowler said "Given the past few years, it would not have been beyond this series to drag that particular journey out, but they squashed it in the first episode."
Both were distributed by Drag City.
Eventually they drag him out of the house, insisting that he continue his mission.
The iTunes pre-order also included an instant free download of the song "I Want to Drag You Around".
Each ticket purchased for the tour included five tracks from the album: "Make a Way", "I Want to Drag You Around", "Can't Stop Wanting", "A Rose by Any Name", and "I Screwed Up".
4 engine malfunctioned in such a way that it initiated reverse thrust causing severe drag on the right wing; pilots had to feather both propellers on the right wing because they could not figure out which propeller was responsible for the failure in time.
4 propeller pitch control mechanism on the right wing, which malfunctioned and created severe drag.
The amount of drag on the right wing had put the aircraft in a sharp descent, in which the aircraft recovered from briefly before both ailerons tore off the aircraft and the aircraft crashed.
While in level flight cruising at 630 km/h the flight engineer inadvertently moved the flaps selector to full extension of 40 degrees and due to the large amount of drag and the Ilyushin Il-18's peculiar aerodynamic design the aircraft pitched over and entered a steep descent.
Vincent Perrot (born 3 August 1965, in Confolens) is a French journalist, radio and television presenter and drag racing driver.
Tammie Brown (born 1980), American drag performer and recording artist
She is known for winning the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The local drag queen Lisa Beaumann saw him in the play and later cast him in shows at the nightclub Oz.
He also performed in drag as Bianca Del Rio, including in cabaret with Lady Bunny at XL Nightclub.
Del Rio is also the first Hispanic winner of RuPaul's Drag Race.
She has also performed as a host on the Werq the World tour alongside other Drag Race queens.
She is the most followed queen from Drag Race, and has accumulated over 2.5 million Instagram followers as of January, 2022.
In 2008, the Chicago City Council had approved a $100 million plan to build the Chicago Children's Museum on the space, but legal contentions were expected to drag on regarding the use of parkland for such a structure.
When he is about to, Nagappa Naickar and his son come and drag Aiswarya out to be wed. Lingappa shoots both of them dead and starts to find Sethupathi.
Brock Hayhoe, American ballet dancer and drag queen
T. vivax is a significant drag on Africa's cattle production every year, and increasingly is a concern in South America: One outbreak in 1995 in the Pantanal in Brazil and Boliva cost the industry over US$160 million.
The lyrics were displayed over footage shot by Gaga at the drag nightclub Mickys in Los Angeles, California.
More American Graffiti, a 1979 coming-of-age comedy film written and directed by Bill L. Norton, had filmed Paul Le Mat's character, John Milner, drag racing here.
Allen's first car for drag racing was a 1966 Oldsmobile 442 which engine kept breaking with Allen later switching to a Chevrolet L-88 engine.
Vaz said that "the list has been around for a number of years and nobody has done anything about it...It is in the public interest for the information to be available at the appropriate time, not for this saga to drag on.“
In addition to his work on drag, da Vinci was the first person to record a number of aerodynamic ideas including correctly describing the circulation of vortices and the continuity principle as applied to channel flow.
Newton stated that drag was proportional to the dimensions of a body, the density of the fluid, and the square of the air velocity, a relationship which was demonstrated to be correct for low flow speeds, but stood in direct conflict with Galileo's earlier findings.
At low inclination angles, drag depends linearly on the sin of the angle, not quadratically.
Working from at least as early as 1796, when he constructed a model helicopter, until his death in 1857, Sir George Cayley is credited as the first person to identify the four aerodynamic forces of flight—weight, lift, drag, and thrust—and the relationships between them.
Newton's drag force theory was finally proved incorrect.
There are two effects in particular, wave drag and critical mach.
Theodore von Kármán and Hugh Latimer Dryden introduced the term transonic to describe flow speeds around Mach 1 where drag increases rapidly.
He informs the rest about it, and he and Keith drag the corpse inside, much to the horror of Jay's kids who saw it.
Two of the Vixens drag Stump to a room and strap him down, subjecting him to videos which further his hypnosis to a fully evil state.
Airfoils optimised for supersonic flight have a sharp leading edge to minimise drag.
A fine tapered leading edge that does not disturb the flow is desirable since 90% of the drag on a sailboat owing to sails is a result of vortex shedding from the edges of the sail.
Green Valley Raceway was a  permanent road course, whilst the start-finish straight was also used as a drag strip.
In the forest, her guardian left her to the awaiting soldiers, who had to drag her away against her will.
The song was featured on seventh season of reality television show RuPaul's Drag Race, when contestants Kennedy Davenport and Katya had to lip-sync to "Roar" in order to avoid elimination.
Mrs. Mary Steinbeck - Walter Dickson's daughter - caught hold of her father as the men tried to drag her away.
2021 European Drag Racing Championship
Also famous drag act Bosom Buddies from Britain's Got Talent 2013 Semi-Finalist one member Mark Wood lived at the Children's Home in the 1970s in the original building.
It is Niblett's second release on Drag City records, after The Calcination of Scout Niblett in 2010.
The Calcination of Scout Niblett is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Scout Niblett, and was her first release on Drag City records.
There were plans at one time to use barrel engines as aircraft engines, with their reduced frontal area allowing a smaller fuselage and lower drag.
Greater wingspan provides better stability at low speed, while at high speed, lesser wingspan would help to reduce drag.
If the gas disk extended beyond the orbits of the giant planets when they cleared their neighborhoods comet-sized object are slowed by gas drag preventing them from reaching the Oort cloud.
As the artillery or rocket round reached the designated target area with Sky Eye as payload, Sky Eye would separate from the round and drag chute would be deployed to reduce the speed so to the point it is slow enough to deploy the rotors.
Tandi Iman Dupree (August 14, 1978 – December 31, 2005) was an American drag queen best known for her "Wonder Woman" performance at the Miss Gay Black America pageant in 2001, the video of which went on to become an Internet viral hit after it was uploaded to YouTube in 2005.
The Dallas Voice expressed admiration for Dupree’s performance at the 2001 pageant, particularly describing the stage entrance as the "Best Drag Queen Entrance Ever."
It took Dilly and Lane about an hour to drag Lewis to the top even with the aid of a Karabiner pulley system.
Despite signing to Drag City, "no compromises were aimed at radio-friendly unit shifters."
Zhu's flap is basically a retractable flap from the wing and during takeoff and landing, the flap is extended from the wing to increase lift, and during level flight, it is retracted back to the wing to reduce drag.
The park hosts events for motorsports groups including the Winnipeg Sports Car Club, Drag Racing Association of Manitoba, Manitoba Roadracing Association (Superbikes), and the Manitoba Karting Association.
Schlör, an engineer for Krauss Maffei of Munich, proposed an ultra-low drag coefficient body as early as 1936.
Subsequent tests of the motorized model showed a slightly higher but still impressive drag coefficient of 0.186.
This reflected the ongoing dispute between Marshal and Albinus, Bishop of Ferns, which would drag on for the remainder of his life.
The Rainbow Lounge is next to Darcelle XV Showplace, and is perfect for a cocktail, chatting, or attending a viewing party, while CC's dance floor hosts multiple drag revues and party nights every day of the week."
A duty, because the development of American society was crucial for the world:  "If America does not go high and resolute and proud, consciously taking the leadership of mankind in the realization of a new way of living, she will go low and she will drag the world down with her."
There is an extension point available, which makes it possible to integrate other available renderers and editors, or to react to Drag & Drop events from outside.
 Imperfiction (2011) (LP on Drag City)
 Horse riding, polo, en drag hunting are popular recreation activities in the area.
Egyptian filmmaker Essam Deraz, "bin Laden's first biographer," met bin Laden in the "Lion's Den" training camp in Afghanistan and complained that the Egyptians "formed a barrier" around bin Laden and "whenever he tried to speak confidentially to bin Laden, the Egyptians would surround the Saudi and drag him into another room".
The speed at which this effect becomes noticeable, known as critical mach, is based on the rate of curvature on the upper and lower surfaces; airfoils with greater curvature will have a lower critical Mach speed and thus suffer more heavily from wave drag.
Most transonic designs use sweep for this reason, allowing them to use a wing that is thick enough for practical internal storage without incurring a heavy wave drag penalty.
In 2020, he was special guest judge in the episode three of fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars by VH1.
The fin is feathered to reduce drag for the return stroke.
2 hr drive from Šmartno na Pohorju passing the Videc drag lift
One of such difference is that the canards of Mad Warrior are swept wings instead of delta wings used on X-36, but the canards of Mad Warrior UAV would be completely retracted into the fuselage at supersonic speed to reduce drag.
Finocchio's often featured traditional drag, with performers in gowns singing or lip-synching to top 40 ballads.
Its fairing, designed in a wind tunnel at University of Stuttgart (then Stuttgart Technical College), gave it a drag coefficient of 0.19.
He took part also in drag, and Superbike racings.
It experiences approximately one-tenth of the drag of a conventional bicycle, and uses a camera on the top for navigation.
On his way walking on the countryside, the envelope mysteriously grows bigger and bigger, prompting him to drag it.
1994: Drag (Kirkelig Kulturverksted)
She concluded the Ardennes week with her second win in Liège–Bastogne–Liège, after she powered away from Amanda Spratt on the uphill drag to the finish line.
He co-wrote, co-produced and co-directed the feature-length documentary that followed five drag queens as they competed for the title.
The song Fuck Me became a favorite among drag queens in the United States, who began commonly performing to the song after its release.
Instead, the player can click and drag each feature of the face to accurately customize their character, which can either be a man or woman as the previous Fallout titles have featured.
At night, the cameraman and a hood named Magnum attack Jamie, a lost motorist, who they drag from his vehicle.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; one was on the start/finish straight from the final to first corners, and the second on the straight between turns 2 and 3.
A correct solution for a cylinder was derived using Oseen's equations, and the same equations lead to an improved approximation of the drag force on a sphere.
Shannel was announced as being among twelve returning contestants for the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars in 2012.
He appeared with his  fellow season one cast on the Drag Race season ten finale, lip syncing next to Mayhem Miller.
Outside of Drag Race, Shannel appeared in an episode of The Arrangement in 2010.
But I can't recall one that's swung so conceptually close to greatness only to let poor execution drag it back to Earth".
To make a word, select any tile and drag through adjacent or diagonal letter tiles to make words.
However, since the resonant configuration requires that the migration be synchronized, the inner ice giant must drag the other planets along.
The day after the election Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov stated "I think we will recognize this election because it is very important for us that Ukraine will finally have authorities that do not fight one another, do not drag Ukraine to the West or to the East, but that will deal with the real problems facing the country".
Massimo Brancaccio, also known by the stage names Billy More and Max Coveri (3 February 1965 – 14 August 2005), was an Italian drag queen and music artist based in Milan.
Engifest includes a variety of events such as car and bike show, drag racing, cultural performances, live wire-star night, rock shows, plays on social problems, dances, and others.
But as they leave, men from the SD or Gestapo appear and drag the old lady away while they shoot the man.
Lyrically the song describes a man in a relationship who isn't always there, and the singer (Debbie Harry) wants to keep in control of him: “I wanna drag you around”.
Gasly qualified in seventh place and took advantage of retirements from Valtteri Bottas and both Ferrari drivers, as well as a collision between Lewis Hamilton and Alex Albon, to finish the race in second place after holding off Hamilton in a straight drag to the finish line.
Many drag racing pioneers raced at Biloxi.
On Dec 22, 1963 A Nationally Ranked Match for Drag News took place for number 4 in the United States.
Auto Body Rally: Played in male/female pairs, each pair has to race in a sportscar on a drag strip, then run around a series of hay bales, and ride together on an oversize bicycle within an obstacle course consisting of bales of hay, toward a finish line.
Version 7, which went live in 2014, replaced its coding backend with a drag and drop interface, and added integration with Google Workspace (formerly G Suite and Google Apps for Work) and Getty Images.
May 15 – Akihiro Miwa, singer, actor, author and drag queen
 Nicole Lyons, car builder and drag racer
Laganja competed on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, finishing in eighth place.
Eventual winner Bianca Del Rio credited Laganja as the root of every memorable quote from the following season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Under the moniker of the Haus of Edwards, they have internationally toured and performed together on multiple occasions, most notably at the pre-show warm-up for the finale episode of the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In June 2015, "Legs" was rated as the third best song by a RuPaul's Drag Race contestant by Pitchfork Media.
In late-2018, Laganja was partnered with the Pérez Art Museum Miami (Pamm) to present the art of drag for a one-day Poplife Social YoungArts Takeover.
Vulture ranked Lake as one of the top 100 most powerful drag queens in America in 2019.
She was inspired by a drag queen’s performance as Dr. Frank-N-Furter in a local production of The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Lake later appeared on a 1997 episode of The Ricki Lake Show about plus-sized drag queens.
Daniel Anthony Noriega, better known under the stage name Adore Delano, is an American drag queen, singer-songwriter, and television personality.
Delano then went on to compete on the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, placing ninth after voluntarily leaving the competition.
Immediately following the finale of Drag Race, Delano released the single "DTF" on May 20, 2014, as the lead single from their debut album Till Death Do Us Party.
In early 2019, Delano appeared as a guest for the first challenge in the premiere of season eleven of Drag Race.
Logan first started doing drag in 2008.
The series featured fellow New York drag queens Bianca Del Rio, Hedda Lettuce, Lady Bunny, Mimi Imfurst, Peppermint, Acid Betty, Epiphany Get Paid and Sherry Vine.
The 2 Series has a reduced drag coefficient of 0.29  for the 220i Coupé.
In May she headlined The Infatuation's annual food festival, EEEEEATSCON and also appeared as a guest judge on the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
When not in steam, the funnel would be lowered and the propeller feathered to reduce drag.
Webydo's DMS has a WYSIWYG design interface that allows designers to drag and drop into the online canvas design elements such as images, texts, videos, flash, galleries, menus, custom designed forms, widgets, or custom HTML code.
The 2014 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Season was announced on August 29, 2013.
Railroads commonly relied on drag freights with engines that could pull heavy tonnage, but at low speeds.
Makes it an offence to mutilate, kick, beat, nail or otherwise impale, stab, burn, stone, crush, drown, drag or asphyxiate any wild mammal with intent to inflict unnecessary suffering.
The book cover depicts Nadja's raggare brothers "Roffe", "Ragge" and Reinhold who drag out Bert to raggare activities in the summer evening.
They are allowed just enough bodies to drag their brains back to the portal, many kilometers away.
Balenciaga was announced as one of thirteen contestants for the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2011.
She appeared as a guest for the first challenge in the premiere of season eleven of Drag Race.
In 2020, Balenciaga returned for the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, placing 8th overall.
He started drag on Halloween at age 22.
She also makes regular appearances on the web show The Pit Stop, which reviews the episodes of Drag Race.
In September 2020 Work began co-hosting the ongoing conversational podcast Very That on the Forever Dog and Moguls of Media networks, alongside her RuPaul's Drag Race season three castmate Raja, where the duo discuss recent news and answer questions from fans.
Joey Santolini (born December 1, 1987), better known by his stage name Tatianna, is an American drag queen, musician, and reality television personality from Washington, D.C.
He originally applied for season one of Drag Race, but was rejected for being too young.
Six years later, she was selected as one of ten contestants for the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, which was announced on June 17, 2016.
Rapper Cazwell and drag queen Salvadora Dali are featured guests on the album.
Her drag first name is based on the Pokémon Jigglypuff.
She later confirmed she would be back for more episodes of Pose's second season on Bootleg Fashion Photo Review, the web series by Drag Race alum Yuhua Hamasaki.
On May 26th 2021, she was announced to be one of the 13 queens returning for RuPaul’s Drag Race: All Stars Season 6.
The album is the first hip-hop based record by a Drag Race alumni.
Its advanced design incorporated a laminar flow wing, T-tail, retracting undercarriage and a reclining seat to reduce parasitic drag.
The airfoils have higher lift coefficients and less drag than the Wells turbine.
The others drag him back in, after which several stalks sprout from his back and spray the area with a strange, dark liquid.
He has collaborated with many theater, drag, and cabaret performers in Seattle and raised awareness of human rights violations in Russia.
The fighters were trying to drag Army troops into urban warfare, where they believed they had an advantage.
The ship was equipped for wire drag survey and as mother ship for smaller vessels and assigned  and Scandinavia which had both been repaired after their naval service.
 Drag and drop tasks between quadrants to change both urgency and importance simultaneously
He soon contemplates that his drag may also bring some advantages and arrives at the house of a village judge to be his "new wife" but ends up sleeping with all women of the household.
In 2018, she was a guest judge on the third episode of Drag Race Thailand (season 1), "Curtain to Couture."
 Bradley Traynor (born 1975), known as Wanda Wisdom, podcasting drag queen
Shying away from stretching the film any longer, Aparna disclosed, "[...] If you drag it a little more, if you try to make it two-and-a-half hours or three hours, you will lose the essence of the story."
In a Skype interview with media analyst Andrij Holovatyj, Vitaly Portnikov, Council Member of the "Maidan" National Alliance and President and Editor-in-Chief of the Ukrainian television channel TVi, stated "EuroMaidan is a revolution and revolutions can drag on for years" and that "what is happening in Ukraine goes much deeper.
This is done using hydrodynamic drag forces that are created by a fluid flow through a very small cone shaped pipet located about one micrometer away from the lipid bilayer.
The system uses an Exo-Brake, a parachute-like drag device for use in the low-pressure exosphere of Low Earth Orbit.
The wing was covered with unusually thick plywood to maintain the laminar profile and its tips carried "salmons", small streamlined bodies intended to minimise induced drag.
When he came to his senses and found the enemy dropping shells into the ditch among the wounded men, he set to work to drag them into sheltered positions.
The dispute began on May 26, 2019, when Ahmari expressed on Twitter his frustration with a Facebook advertisement for a children's drag queen reading hour at a library in Sacramento, California, which he described as "transvestic fetishism".
Drag queens performed on top of the Warsaw speakers.
The Samsung R0 is compatible with Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac OS X when USB mode is set to MSC as a drag and drop USB mass storage device.
Shawn Langdon is a drag racer.
Like the fifth season, the season featured 14 contestants competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar".
RuPaul Presents: The CoverGurlz RuPaul Presents: The CoverGurlz' is a 2014 compilation album by entertainer RuPaul, featuring the season 6 cast of his show RuPaul's Drag Race.
The compilation consists of 14 covers of songs previously released by RuPaul, performed by all of the RuPaul's Drag Race season 6 contestants.
April Carrión's cover of "Sexy Drag Queen" also features Jipsta from the original version of the song.
It is common in drag racing to heat tires to a more desirable temperature in order to increase traction.
In 2022, she will be a guest judge on RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World.
Tayce, RuPaul's Drag Race UK series 2 contestant
In his campaign pledges for the 2017 legislative election, Kurz spoke out against further raising the national debt and for reducing government spending and budget deficits; he intends to realize proposed policies through abolishing the fiscal drag (Kalte Progression) and by cutting the payroll and income taxes.
In the mid-season finale "Start to Finish", Tara is first seen helping drag Tobin to safety when the walls fall down and the herd enters Alexandria.
The wheel rim was redesigned to be deeper in an attempt to reduce drag.
Despite the debacle, Jake decides to stay in the city with the support of caustic drag queen, new friend and flatmate, Wilma Bumhurt.
Wilma, out of drag, goes to see her grieving mother, only to be told not to attend the funeral.
Dennis thaws in the face of Yvonne's distress and agrees to spend some time with her – only the next time they meet, Wilma makes a point of coming in drag.
Dennis makes an effort to fix his relationship with his mother Yvonne, organising another lunch with her, this time out of drag.
With twin thrusters mounted inside the duct, the vehicle was very manoeuvrable in comparison to a torpedo type design, for a slight drag penalty.
They drag the bodies inside the bunker, which is fully staffed and operational.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) conducts the first test of the Low-Density Supersonic Decelerator (LDSD), a space vehicle designed to create atmospheric drag in order to decelerate during entry through a planet's atmosphere.
The original Fafnir had a high wing and initially suffered serious aerodynamic drag losses at the wing-fuselage junctions.
The booms provided a low drag location for the carrying of cannons in the front as well as missiles and avionics, while also shielding the jet exhausts from heat seeking missiles.
Peppermint, or Miss Peppermint, is an American actress, singer, songwriter, television personality, drag queen, and activist from New York City.
She transitioned after moving to New York City and came out in 2012, before she appeared on RuPaul’s Drag Race.
The series featured fellow New York drag queens Bianca Del Rio, Dallas DuBois, Hedda Lettuce, Lady Bunny, Mimi Imfurst, and Sherry Vine.
On February 2, 2017, Peppermint was announced as one of the fourteen contestants on the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In 2019, Peppermint appeared on fellow Drag Race alum Trinity The Tuck's single "I Call Shade", which charted at number 13 on the Billboard Comedy Digital Tracks chart.
The new LMP1 regulations made the TS040  shorter than its predecessor and reduced the width of the tyre arches by ; most attention focused on reducing drag and increasing downforce (improving road grip), lowering its fuel consumption by 25 percent over 2013.
The Samsung R1 is compatible with Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac OS X when USB mode is set to MSC as a drag and drop USB mass storage device.
It is also claimed to reduces drag in both gas and liquid flows.
The extra drag reduced the glide angle from 31.4 to 30 and increased the minimum sink rate from  to .
The first arrangement gave lower drag, the second better vision; the latter is sometimes referred to as the "trainer canopy".
"The bad weather in much of the U.S. in early 2014 was a significant drag on the economy, disrupting production, construction, and shipments, and deterring home and auto sales," wrote PNC Senior Economist Gus Faucher in a note out prior to the release.
In 2013, Ashton Michael appeared as a guest judge on America's Next Top Model and RuPaul's Drag U. Ashton also appeared as a makeover consultant on the E!
In addition, the serpentine actuator has been experimentally demonstrated to increase lift, decrease drag and generate controlling rolling moments when applied to aircraft wing geometries.
Khalil says of the experience "I was 40 pages deep in a search on Google, then if I found what I wanted I'd drag it over to another page, then start e-mailing links.
Imperial Drag (Jellyfish splinter group) : There is an uncredited 14th track following "Scaredy Cats & Egomaniacs," commonly called "Down with the Man."
Although gliding creates more drag, it flies further than it would on a higher trajectory through space, and is too low to be intercepted by exo-atmospheric kill vehicles.
 Heckscher, Ebba, Några drag ur den svenska flickskolans historia: under fleres medverkan samlade, Norstedt & söner, Stockholm, 1914
1982 – The Springnationals round of NHRA Winston Drag Racing Series marked by the first ever female vs female final between Shirley Muldowney and Lucille Lee.
Throughout the season, the characters go to MoMA as well as drag brunch.
Born Naked is the seventh  studio album from American singer-songwriter, actor and drag queen RuPaul.
The venue had been open to a range of gay subcultures such as the bear scene and drag queens.
In combat, they regularly attempt to protect one another from injury, remove torches, surround the player, hide behind cover, drag wounded tribesmen to safety, keep their distance, use tactical decisions, not overextend into unknown territory, and occasionally surrender out of fear.
•	Long Drag A Story Of Men Under Stress During The Construction Of The Settle - Carlisle Line (self published 1962).
Workplan Gantt Editor: Create Workplans via a browser with drag and drop simplicity.
Under his leadership, the company produced the Wade Drag Saw, the predecessor of the common chainsaw, which was sold internationally for several decades.
Features include media uploads to share slides or pre-recorded video, producer “in ear” comms, drag and drop segments, and lower third titles for presenters.
Specifically, the coproduction of Belle Reprieve by Split Britches and Bloolips, a group of gay drag performers.
The cops drag Lexi out of the bar and Stefan, who saw everything, tries to get out to see what is happening.
I Have to Feed Larry's Hawk, the seventh White Fence studio album, was released on Drag City Records in January 2019.
Further to his output as White Fence and DRINKS, Presley released an album titled THE WiNK under his own name in 2016, via Drag City.
Rusty Ryan was the stage name of Robert Brian Timbrell (December 28, 1947 – July 28, 2003), a Canadian actor and drag queen.
He was working as a stockbroker when he first began performing in the 1970s, and was given his drag name by friend and fellow performer Craig Russell.
He died of a heart attack on July 28, 2003 in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, following a performance that was part of his first tour performing comedy out of drag.
 Bernie Fedderly, Canadian drag racing crew chief
However, they were unable to drag away the guns because the horse teams had been killed.
It doesn't drag out mysteries with no end in sight.
The album was released through Drag City Records for Record Store Day 2012, for a limited run but has however, been repressed.
Anna tells Ben to drag Jeremy close to the tomb so they can use him for Pearl to feed on when they get her out.
With the inclusion of Update 1, WP8.1 now lets users drag app tiles on top of each other to create folders of apps on the Start Screen.
The series follows the new Director of Communications, the American Liz Garvey (Brit Marling), who has been headhunted by the Police Commissioner Richard Miller (James Nesbitt) to drag the force into the new media age, and her conflicts with her own department and legal bureaucracy.
Uno hits Sanada with a tilt-a-whirl arm drag that transitions into a cover, but only gets two, leading him to kick Sanada's head for another two count.
Licking objects attaches the goat's tongue to the object and lets the player drag the object around until they let go.
During this period she produced a number of experimental video works and solo performances that often involved music, dance, screaming, voices, mime, moustaches, wigs, physical theatre and drag.
Farrah Moan (born 1993, real name Cameron Clayton), American drag queen
The drag racing venue has a capacity of 30,000.
Webster Hall, a former hall-for-hire used for labor rallies, drag balls and later as a recording studio and music venue.
Low drag resistance and weight () meant that this was supposedly enough for a top speed of .
He convinced Dindo to mask his identity as a pretty woman and audition to be the next drag queen in Rina's bar.
Designers already knew that as an aircraft approaches the speed of sound (Mach 1), in the transonic region, shock waves begin forming, causing a large increase in drag.
A large aircraft creates a loud shock wave or "sonic boom," which can disturb or damage anything it passes over, while the high drag results in high fuel consumption and consequent pollution.
Using a funnel, Edith forces more liquor down Walter's throat as he lay incapacitated, before she and Jane drag his body upstairs and place it in his bed, in an attempt to make his death appear as an alcohol-narcotic overdose.
Roland Leong (born Honolulu, 1945) is an American drag racer, whose "Hawaiian" brand cars achieved many victories.
Besides being Colson's last race, the event was also notable as being the last drag race at Ontario Motor Speedway.
In 2014, Canadian drag racer Ron Hodgson hired Leong to tune the Troy Lee Designs Nitro Funny Car driven by Tim Boychuk, for competition in the NHRA Heritage Series.
In 1959 the first Smokers' March Meet was advertised as an "East-versus-West" showdown, with California drag racers taking on infamous Floridian Don Garlits, who had been credited with record speeds that the California crowd found dubious.
The now-defunct Nostalgia Drag Racing Association began promoting the March Meet, but failed to attract enough competitors or spectators to remain viable.
Emma Thrower of Empire stated that 'Breakdown spirals into a pool of clichés and never manages to drag itself out'.
The electric prototype is a homage to the first Cobra Jet that was heavily tested on drag strips.
In May 2019, Christine performed during the season finale for the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race held at the Orpheum Theatre in Los Angeles.
It handled safely and well but its performance was as poor as Schneider had predicted, its low aspect ratio wing producing high drag at the low speeds used in thermals.
Thus, while many dance moves can precede a wing, only a reverse movement can follow a wing, such as a reverse turn, double reverse spin, Telemark, fallaway reverse, or drag hesitation.
Drag forces are taken by diagonal internal struts from the spar to the wing root, with the ply skin locally continuing aft to that strut.
He has also performed as a dancer in Wigstock: The Movie in 1995, had one acting role on VIP in 1999, and one acting role as a drag queen on MADtv in 2002.
The School was used as the school in the 2021 Musical Everybody’s Talking About Jamie , in which a 16 year old boy tackles bullies, teachers and self-doubt, to become a drag queen.
But too many witnesses are around, so she's forced to take the bags back home and drag them back into the house; on the way in she forgets to close her car's trunk.
The drag loading tool with mechanical action holds 22 records distributed over two manuals and a pedal.
The new experiences inebriate Giorgio and drag him into situations much greater than him.
Having managed to escape the working-class zombie miners, they encounter the bearded libertarian drag queen Heinz Rand of Raiká, who leads a group of tinsel-dressed free market enthusiasts living on trading useless pre-war electronics for more useless pre-war electronics.
Bradley Torreano of Allmusic gave the album a positive review, describing it as "a blustering, angry album that works despite its tendencies to drag."
A study by Emily J. Rayfield from the University of Bristol further supported that Tyrannosaurus used the puncture and pull feeding strategy, where the Tyrannosaurus would startle its prey with a powerful bite and then drag its teeth back through its prey's flesh and bone.
Drag & Drop App Builder
In 2020, she appeared as a guest host in the seventh episode of Canada's Drag Race.
Police subsequently drag the lake, recovering Andrea's body.
BenDeLaCreme is the stage persona of Benjamin Putnam, an American drag queen, burlesque performer, and actor based in Seattle, Washington.
Putnam was also open about his struggles with depression, revealing that his "terminally delightful" drag persona helped him overcome this.
He was inspired by Merman's theatrical, character-driven approach to drag performance.
Her first opportunities to perform came at drag revues at Chicago-area gay bars.
In 2018, she appeared in the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, where, after a record-breaking fifth challenge win in episode 6, she chose to eliminate herself, claiming she had already proven herself and that she felt the other remaining contestants wanted the crown more than she did.
I had a very strong image of the loch and submarines and walking down the main drag in Dunoon after the gig, going to someone's house for a party, and a song came out of it."
These forces (including acoustic radiation force, secondary field force between particles, and Stokes drag force) create the phenomena of acoustophoresis, which is the foundation of the acoustic tweezers technology.
The drag force is mainly induced by the main flow in those applications.
Approaching the Guadalupe Street corridor, both share stops from 31st Street along Guadalupe into the UT area, The Drag and downtown.
The centre section was rectangular in plan, with ply covering extending rearwards to a diagonal drag strut.
Collisions between ring particles would cause the ring to widen substantially, and Poynting–Robertson drag would cause the ring particles to fall onto the central body within a few million years, requiring either an active source of ring particles or dynamical confinement by small (kilometre-sized) embedded or shepherd moons yet to be discovered.
Justesen's publication Kors Drag was published 1999; it comprises a collection of 200 images and 100 lines of words, rewritten by international female artists.
Revellers then drag the chariot through the streets of Lalitpur on a tour that lasts a month.
"I Was Gonna Cancel" was featured on the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race, during a lip-sync battle between contestants Jasmine Masters and Kennedy Davenport; it resulted in Masters being eliminated from the competition.
The East Village community at that time was infused with punk, new wave, drag, drugs and the mixing of a hipper, younger gay population with the modern dance and experimental theater milieux.
In 2012 he published Drag Queens, Rent Boys, Pick Pockets, Junkies, Rockstars and Punks, a collection of some of his photographs and their background which was the subject of exhibitions in London in 2011 and Los Angeles, California, in March 2014.
The bulk aerodynamic formulae use Cd, Ch, and Cq, where Cd is the drag coefficient, Ch is the heat exchange (transfer) coefficient, and Cq is the moisture exchange (transfer) coefficient.
Critical path drag is a project management metric used to schedule analysis and compression in the critical path method of scheduling.
Stradales have competed in oval track, drag race, rally racing and hill climb events with some success.
 The Late, Late, Late Show, 1996 album by Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13
Mary's also included a backyard patio and garden, known as the Outback, that had been planted in remembrance of HIV/AIDS victims; the profits from vegetables grown in this garden, along with drag queen tips, were often donated to charity.
Strand built an ad hoc sled out of his skis and attempted to drag Olsen on it.
Drag Hill is a mountain in Bergen County, New Jersey.
Eventually he caught up when Nang Aikham stopped to drink water from a stream, where the nāga king was able to drag through the water to the Nāga City.
Howard Pollack, a historian of American composers, states that the work is much more like a concerto, and that its progressive elongation of movements makes the last in particular seem to drag on in spots, but that "such flaws are more than compensated from by the music's vitality, brilliance, and individuality."
The film focuses on the story of Ernst Ostertag and Röbi Rapp, a schoolteacher and a drag entertainer, who met through their participation in the publication inner circle and began a lifelong romantic relationship.
It is the amount by which a project’s expected return on investment (ROI) is reduced due to the critical path drag of a specific critical path activity Task (project management) or other specific schedule factor such as a schedule lag or other delaying constraint.
Drag cost computation is often used on projects in order to justify additional project resources.
The video consisted of the band's male fans in drag lip-syncing the track via webcam.
Particle Tracing—Powerful environment for computing the trajectory of charged particles in electromagnetic field, including the drag force or their reflection on the boundaries.
Tarsem was concerned the audience might think she was a man in drag, so they gave her prosthetic breasts.
The latter include standard Races, Endurance races with tire wear enabled, Time Attack events, Drift events, and - as downloadable content (DLC) - Time Trials, Drag and point-to-point Sprint races.
This is the year Kevin-Lee created BeBe Sweetbriar, his drag persona.
Mendy Fry, drag racer
Cole travelled to the Tiwi Islands in far north Northern Territory to shoot the Sista Girls after previously photographing Tiwi Island drag performer Foxxy in 2008.
The hardware is similar to Drag Race and Firetruck released by Atari and Kee Games within a year.
Tandi Iman Dupree (1978–2005), American drag queen and pageant girl
Till Death Do Us Party is the debut studio album from American singer-songwriter and drag queen, Adore Delano.
While most former contestant's from RuPaul's Drag Race tend to release generic material void of any vocal merit, Adore Delano proves her time on American Idol was well deserved" in his four-star review.
West and Menken fought with each other, with West accusing Menken of being a lesbian in a lavender marriage and Menken suggesting that West was a drag queen.
Modern drag races are started electronically by a system known as a Christmas tree.
Since 1984, the NHRA officially uses CompuLink timing systems at venues on their professional drag racing circuit (includes the Christmas Tree, control units, timing sensors, cables, program software and time slip printer).
Most drag racing time scoreboards currently seen at the tracks are provided by Daktronics, RaceAmerica or Accutime.
Massey believes he was the first gay man to come out in blue-collar Fort McMurray, and his company now sponsors multiple charitable programs, including a drag show, to combat bullying and homophobia.
A group of dancers then appeared on the Eurovision stage dressed as budgie smugglers, drag queens, lifeguards, outback farmers, Sydney Swans AFL players, surfers, shearers, tennis players and giant koalas and kangaroos.
The Aretha Franklin version was used as a lip sync song on season 11 of RuPaul's Drag Race between Vanessa Vanjie Mateo and Brooke Lynn Hytes.
The series follows a selection of drag queens over a three-month period in London to get an inside look at their daily lives, both on and off stage.
She is a member of The Buffalo Girls group, as well as drag troupe The Supreme Fabulettes, and is a successful solo artist.
Lady Lloyd (Lloyd Dixon): Lloyd's famously loud personality and brush with fame has earned her celebrity status as a loveable loose cannon within the drag world.
As well as being a DJ and a host at Soho's club night, "Trannyshack", she is also known for being a third of London's first drag pop band, The Buffalo Girls.
She is a member of the Buffalo Girls drag troupe with Lady Lloyd and Silver Summers.
Miss Dusty O (David Hodge): With over three decades of experience on the drag scene, Dusty O is the voice of reason, and an idol to most young queens.
Rosie Beaver (Chris Clegg): Rugby player by day and flamboyant drag queen by night, Rosie breaks all stereotypes by living an unlikely juxtaposition.
In the series he becomes a mentor to his best friend and fellow rugby player Nick, who decides to explore performing in drag himself.
Nick follows in the steps of friend Chris and enters an amateur drag competition.
Out of drag, Thom is now looking to reinvent his act as a boy around LGBT venues, as well as continuing to perform as Vanity on the side.
Vicki took a six-month break from drag to rejuvenate and reinvent her act.
Munroe Bergdorf: Transitioning transsexual and aspiring businesswoman, Munroe is the 'It girl' of the drag scene.
Miss Cairo: Familyyy Fierce member, Miss Cairo is famously seductive, but far from being just a pretty face, she is keen to use drag to explore important issues.
Drag (clothing) television shows
ILPKL is always giving prestige to automotive department by giving foremost attention to them and entering all automotive competition such as Pertandingan Kemahiran Malaysia, PKM (Malaysia Skills Competition), innovation competition and motor sports including drag racing and go-kart.
the floating ferns Salvinia, backswimmer Notonecta), biomimetic Salvinia-surfaces are used as drag reducing coatings (up to 30% reduction were previously measured on the first prototypes.
Vyond provides its users with a library containing tens of thousands of pre-animated assets, which can be controlled through a drag & drop interface.
An early teaser suggested that the actor would do drag for the six-plus minute mini-movie, but the full version of the clip tells a much deeper, more emotionally wrenching story."
As Seng is killed in cold blood by the patrol's officer, troops drag Jim away to a truck and he is driven off to the Japanese base.
Rick confronts Bart, accepting Bart's dare to a "train drag," in which they park their cars side by side on railway tracks and face a train speeding toward them at 90 mph (146 km/h).
The Slow Drag (1996) a "jazz cabaret" with a live band onstage, which features the character, Johnny Christmas, performing the story of his life, a story that reflects that of American jazz musician Billy Tipton, whose successful career as a male crooner made headlines upon his death when it was revealed he was actually a woman.
Some features in this group are assigning tasks, setting due dates, adding followers, task comments, set repeating tasks, tasks in multiple locations, project templates, copy project, archiving, smart notifications, drag and drop Kanban boards, image preview boards, file management, people page and personnel directory, customizable tags and colored labels.
Road (car and motorcycle) and drag racing are planned for 2014.
Rep. Benishek (R-MI), who introduced the bill, said that it targets "bureaucrats in Washington who drag their feet and don't do their jobs."
In 1956, Speedo became the first company to introduce nylon and in the 1970s elastane to their swimsuits that improved their elasticity, durability and water drag – 21 out of 22 records at the 1972 Olympics were broken using nylon/elastane suits.
Then Boz Boorer and the band drag  us into a secret Arabian garden, a place of grieve.
 On Your Own Love Again (2015, Drag City)
In the mid-1880s, these schooners tended to be wide, shallow, and sharp so as to allow the greatest possible speed by reducing drag through the water and allowing the ship to carry a considerable amount of sail.
 Bunny Breckinridge (1903–1996), American actor and drag queen best known for playing "The Ruler" in the film Plan 9 from Outer Space
In 2015, he formed the pop rock band Beach Weather which released two EPs: What a Drag and Chit Chat.
 What A Drag EP (2015)
Miz Ima Starr is a New Zealand/American singing drag cabaret performer of stage and small screen.
On 24 February 2013, Sediuk attempted to enter the 85th Academy Awards wearing drag, but was turned back by security.
The car was heavy () and produced excessive drag which hurt its top speed while not producing enough downforce which made it slow when cornering (like all Osella's since , the FA1L had its origins in the Alfa Romeo 183T used by the factory Alfa team in 1983).
The video closes with a shot of Zeldin and Gabriel running out from the house, when the girl appears they fall to the ground as dolls again, She pull their legs and drag them back for the house.
At the age of 31 after seeing Hot Peaches (a theater group in New York that consisted mostly of drag queens) perform in Sheridan Square, Shaw became involved with the company.
On the Xbox 360, it's only used in drag races.
The next year, Massare analyzed Mesozoic marine reptile swimming abilities and found that long-necked plesiosaurs would have been significantly slower than pliosaurs due to excess drag incurred from their large round bodies.
The race featured a higher drag rules package intended to increase passing and drafting.
It provides us tools for studying concepts of lift and drag.
, where  is the relaxation time of the liquid;  is a positive dimensionless parameter corresponding to the anisotropy of the hydrodynamic drag on the polymer molecules and is called the mobility factor
 Don Prudhomme (born 1941), American drag racer
The space re-opened as Spectrum in the summer of 2018 as a re-branded queer bar under new management offering a quiet reading room and southern-inspired dining in addition to the usual drag shows, lip-synch battles, and debauchery.
The Rangers deploy the magnets and drag the Deplanetizer sideways, causing him to miss.
Hustlers, Drag Queens, and Lovers: Gay California in the ’60s and ’70s
Tina Campbell of Metro deemed the clip "quirky" and described the drag queen portrayed as "fierce".
Browne also stated that Drag was always intended to be the lead single for Who Do You Love?, saying "we felt that it was an exciting enough comeback single to do".
More new songs were premiered on a UK tour to promote the Born To Lose/Kamikaze single in May 2003, including Drag, Depression, Boy For Rent and 9" Of Pure Malice.
is taken from the lyrics of the opening track, Drag.
Portland Monthly described Peacock in the Park as "Portland's gay equivalent of the Super Bowl: thousands from the queer spectrum flocked to Washington Park's amphitheater, spread out blankets and coolers of beer, and mingled before a stage of drag and music performances".
The drag characteristics of the AGARD-B model were found to be somewhat sensitive to the boundary layer transition on the model.
The 2016 9th Berlin Biennale, titled The Present in Drag, curated by the art collective DIS, is described as a Post-Internet exhibition.
Embers hosted a variety of events, including comedy and drag shows, karaoke, and live music.
The La Femme Magnifique International Pageant is an annual drag pageant.
Knowing his presence, they proceeded to drag him out and attempt to kill him.
Johnson, who identified as a transvestite and "street queen", modeled for Andy Warhol and performed with the drag troupes, Hot Peaches and the Angels of Light
He toured throughout North America and Europe playing to sometimes unforgiving crowds in dive bars, honky tonks, anarchist squats, warehouses and drag bars.
Utilizing Vegas’ very own Venue Vegas, the 2018 lineup included SNL’s Pete Davidson, Michelle Wolf, and Hannibal Buress, along with Trixie Mattel from Ru Paul's Drag Race, and Jimmy O. Yang from HBO's Silicon Valley.
The disc-shaped LDSD uses an inflatable structure called the Supersonic Inflatable Aerodynamic Decelerator (SIAD), which is essentially a donut-shaped balloon, to create atmospheric drag in order to decelerate the vehicle before deploying a large supersonic parachute.
As in the first test, the SIAD structure inflated successfully but the parachute was damaged during deployment, this time after 600 ms and at  drag.
Their selection of deserving tunes has garnered praise and the following is especially noteworthy: "New Orleans Bump," "Cushion Foot Stomp," "You Can Have My Husband," "Jackson Stomp," "Deep Henderson," "Banjoreno," "Treasures Untold," "Russian Rag," "Oriental Strut," "Minor Drag," "Michigander Blues," "In Harlem's Araby," "Me and My Chauffeur," "A Jazz Battle," "Droppin' Shucks," "Fourth Street Mess Around," and "Carpet Alley Breakdown."
Vehicles are usually designed on a per unit volume basis (for drag considerations).
Dave Ollerton of The London Film Review called the film "a very funny, highly entertaining and excellently crafted thirty-minute film that doesn’t drag once" and "sterling stuff".
MAP organises different motor sports events in Pakistan, such as Cholistan Desert Jeep Rally, Gwadar Rally, autoshows, Faisalabad drag racing 
It has a realistic flight and orbital model based on Newtonian physics and a rudimentary atmospheric model with drag and heat build-up.
July 4 Soldier Field's final auto racing event took place, with drag races being organized during the American Legion's annual Independence Day celebrations.
2017: The Gabrielle Show – Chennai's First Ever Drag Show 
Love HK Film gave the film a positive review and writes "Standard formula and annoyingly cute subplots drag the film down, but Yuen Biao's athletic stuntwork makes the movie a fun, if not crucial viewing experience.
[...] this week, violent actions drag the past “into the light” and it makes for interesting watching."
 RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked
Since the fan is enlarged from , the nacelles are mounted higher, necessitating extensive CFD analysis to avoid supersonic shock wave interference drag, as is the first slat's dog-tooth.
In 2014, the platform was relaunched with a number of new features, including the drag and drop Automated Program Builder which enables users to create automated communications to target specific market segments, customer behaviours or trigger emails on certain dates.
A sail provides propulsive force via a combination of lift and drag, depending on its angle of attack—its angle with respect to the apparent wind.
Depending on the alignment of the sail with the apparent wind, lift or drag may be the predominant propulsive component.
All widgets support drag and drop, offline storage and synchronization, dynamic data loading and paging.
 Lady Clover Honey, American drag queen
The song was used as the first "lip-sync for your legacy" song on the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
Their catalogues include Telepathic Improvisation, published by Contemporary Arts Museum Houston, 2018, I Want, published by Sternberg Press, 2015; Aftershow, published by Sternberg Press, 2014, and Temporal Drag, published by Hatje Cantz in 2011.
The NHRA Winternationals (commonly called the Winternats) are an annual drag racing event held by the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) at Auto Club Raceway in Pomona, California.
Whether they are driven on the street, the race track, the drag strip, or through cones at an auto-cross is of no difference.
Using drag and drop tasks and lists can be reordered, and given different levels of priority
Sieverding's work primarily analyses the relationship between her subjects- individuals who range from women in traditional Islamic dress to drag queens, performance actors and the Berlin club scene- to their bodies.
Divgikar, both in and out of drag, was listed as one of GQ's 50 Most Influential Young Indians of 2018.
He played as a fullback and is known for his abilities as one of the best drag flickers in the world.
The new laminar-flow wing sections developed by Franz Wortmann and the shaped foam / plywood construction method, (a la Akaflieg Darmstadt D-34), promised great improvements in performance, due to reduced drag and more accurate profiles.
Whereas the stage musical gives no particular reason for Kenickie's desire to build the car (which does not play a major factor in the play beyond that point), the film explains that the greasers' rivals, named the Scorpions in the film, had challenged them to a quarter-mile drag race, requiring them to have a competitive car for the duel.
A simple, plan editor that allows for code or drag and drop interface
A gigantic beast with a ferocious appetite, it was able to demolish ships and houses with its prehensile forked tongue it used as a pair of tongs, and even to drag entire hillsides and villages into the sea.
Sify wrote, "The director has tried to wove in the sub plots to the narratives but they make the film drag.
Gordon stated that he had "got a really good restart, and I got to his quarter panel in Turn 1 and I was able to drag him back and it allowed me to get the momentum and get by him".
Bell's hobbies include mosaic, digital art, pub trivia, drag queens, and goldfish.
Despite the additional weight and the extra drag resulting from the wider diameter, Rolls-Royce reports fuel consumption will improve by 11%.
A lynch mob threatens to drag him out of the jail.
Together, they meet other transgender women and drag queens.
The aircraft would rely a lot on the Coandă effect for vertical take-off, increased lift and reduced drag.
This reduces the form drag, and could even make it negative with enough jet speed.
The Xplorair could cruise at low altitude above seawater or special highways that would be built for such personal air vehicles, in order to reduce the lift-induced drag and thus improve the fuel efficiency.
Have Fun With God is the sixteenth studio album by American folk musician Bill Callahan, released in 2014 by Drag City.
Manipulator is the seventh studio album by American rock musician Ty Segall, released on August 25, 2014 on Drag City.
's Ethnic Drag discusses the differences between West German Hobbyism and East German Hobbyism, saying that while West Germany could continue to openly participate in the hobby, East Germans had to go underground for fear of being targeted as rebels.
The earliest molecular drag pump was created by Wolfgang Gaede, who had the idea of the pump in 1905, and spent several years corresponding with Leybold trying to build a practical device.
Many modern turbomolecular pumps contain built-in molecular drag stages, which allows them to operate at higher foreline pressures.
Giovanni Palandrani – winner of RuPaul's Drag Race season 10
Sandford got permission to drag his guns cross-country.
In 2012 the novel was rendered in Leipzig as a drag performance scripted by Falko Köpp and featuring Mandy Cleenex.
Nolan (Grant Bowler) continues to drag the injured Tommy (Dewshane Williams) on the sleigh, trying to get him back in Defiance in time for someone to take care of his wound.
Heavy casualties were suffered trying to cross the next 1,000 yards to the main Turkish position, but the advance was resumed at 13.30 after an artillery bombardment of the Turkish lines (the 2/20th helping to drag forward the guns), and the whole hill was captured by 14.15.
Players must drag their finger on their phone's touchscreen to connect at least three Tsums in order to clear them from the playfield, clearing as many Tsums as possible before time runs out.
Charlie Hides (born 1964), American drag queen
Motorcycle engineering expert and journalist Kevin Cameron has said that turbo lag is a critical problem with turbocharger applications on motorcycles: "[U]nless you are a pure drag racer, most of your riding will be off-boost.
There, Vinny jumps on Phelan; however, Andy untimely warns his captor — allowing Phelan to brutally subdue Vinny before forcing Andy to drag his body into the warehouse.
At one Boiler Room show, drag performer Ben Woozy was recruited to mime a DJ set while Sophie pretended to be a bodyguard.
In 2019, Silky Nutmeg Ganache played Madison in the Snatch Game episode of RuPaul's Drag Race season 11 and won the episode.
A recollection from a child in Pip Granger's collection Up West: Voices from the Streets of Post-War London speaks of Neave's frequent drunkenness and his tendency to drag his metal foot when inebriated causing sparks to fly.
Cycle Worlds Kevin Cameron had calculated two years earlier that with the right gearing, the H2R's engine power could theoretically overcome aerodynamic drag up to .
One of the findings was "Taken as a group, British think tanks drag down the European average".
Only a few transvestites, or men in full drag, were allowed in by the bouncers.
Much of the documentary centers around drag culture.
It features songs from his horror punk solo career and his various side projects such as his outlaw country project Bourbon Crow, his glam metal project Gunfire 76 and covers from his previous band Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13.
 197666 (live) - 2:54 (Wednesday 13 - Frankenstein Drag Queens From Planet 13 cover)
An AEP is composed by an intake and an electric thruster: rarefied gases which are responsible for drag in low Earth orbit (LEO) and low and very low Earth orbit (VLEO), are used as the propellant.
At Sachelle's, things take a sour turn when her brother interrogates Tim and tells him not to hurt Sachelle or drag her around any longer if he doesn't see her being the one.
Around 1981 a drag queen established the annual Tarrant County Pride (Fort Worth and Arlington) event.
This increase in the lift required also generates what is referred to as lift induced drag which without increased power, means the aircraft will lose speed.
Building on the NASA X-59 experience, cruise could be boomless up to Mach 1.2, as thicker air at lower altitude can refract the boom away, but this was the highest drag region for the previous supersonic natural laminar flow wing.
Like the information gained for foraging by odors, during a potential predator threat, alarmed wasps cover the outside of the nest and drag the tip of their gasters, which evokes an odor.
Raymond Beadle, 70, American Hall of Fame drag racer, heart attack.
They believe in drag for all and host workshops and performances around Shanghai.
Expressing the aerodynamic force in the wind frame, it has a drag component with magnitude D opposite the velocity vector in the −xw direction, a side force component with magnitude C in the +yw direction, and a lift component with magnitude L in the −zw direction.
So, in this particular steady flight maneuver thrust counterbalances drag while lift supports the aircraft's weight.
Videocart 9: Drag Strip is a racing video game released in 1976 by Fairchild.
Ryan's grandfather Farrell Gifford was a drag racer, who introduced him to racing at age six.
The older we get, the more we drag around our experiences, influences, desires, hopes, anxieties.
148Apps wrote "Finger Physics: Thumb Wars does a good job at differentiating itself and adding the novel country competition mechanic, but the monotonous gameplay and frustrating menu layouts drag the game down."
“50 Years of Funny Cars:  Part 3” in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.52-64.
The national final featured commentary from a panel that consisted of composer Phil Coulter, singer and former contest winner Linda Martin, presenter Mairead Farrell and drag artist Panti Bliss.
Following this, Richard feels the need to get revenge on the people that were hateful to him, so he returns as Bianca Del Rio, his drag persona, and spreads his hate and causes mayhem to those that were mean to him, who are oblivious to the fact that Del Rio is actually the previously fired Richard.
Kugelman and Del Rio enlisted various known names for the movie following Del Rio's appearance on RuPaul's Drag Race.
Other Drag Race contestants announced to be on the show via Del Rio's social media were fellow season 6 cast member Joslyn Fox, season 3 cast member Shangela Laquifa Wadley and season 5 cast member Alyssa Edwards.
In February 2019 GQ reported that a third film titled Hurricane Bianca 3 was in the works that would include several Drag Race alumni, as well as the return of Sykes and Dratch.
Feldman Started racing in go karts at age 10 and that was followed by success in drag racing and solo contests.
These vortices can carry away significant amounts of energy, thus increasing drag.
Rowan tries to drag Abby with him in retaliation, but Erin leaps into the portal and rescues her.
Club nights include The Face by Steve Strange, Torture Garden, Act ART and Club Room Service by drag queen DJ and party promoter Jodie Harsh.
Instead of flapping their wings, P. exigua row them due to increased wing drag.
They then drag the prey up onto a twig or a piece of grass, or sometimes fly the insect to a different location, to keep ants or other insects from stealing their prey.
If the embryo is more developed and able to struggle, the wasp will drag the embryo around the leaf and bite it.
When ants approach or invade the nests, the wasps will either grab the ants and drag them away from the nests, or, if the ants are especially large, the wasps will first assume a defensive posture, seize the ants, and then purposely fall out of the nests to ensure the ants are removed.
The series continued to use the Dallara GP2/11 chassis first introduced in 2011, but introduced the Drag Reduction System (DRS), akin to that used in Formula One.
They drag him to the garage and put his head through a noose, hanging him.
Icy particles within the early Kuiper belt experienced streaming instability, in which they slowed down due to drag against the surrounding gas and dust, and gravitationally coalesced into clumps of larger particles.
Michio Ezaki (Former Editor in Chief, Sokoku to seinen (Fatherland and youth) author or co-author of 'Japan and Korea: Kindred Spirits for 2000 Years', 'The Alleged "Nanking Massacre"', 'Japan's Rebuttal to China's Forged Claims', 'The World Judges the Tokyo Trials', 'Anti-Japanese Networks Drag Japan into a Quagmire – Senior Fellow at Nippon Kaigi, policy research)
A user via the anonymous Android and iOS app Secret began reporting "fake names" which caused user profiles to be suspended, specifically targeting the stage names of drag queens.
Seattle drag performer Olivia LaGarce started a Change.org online petition titled "Allow performers to use their stage names on their Facebook accounts!"
Dale Armstrong, 73, Canadian drag racer and crew chief, complications of sarcoidosis.
Emerson gets injured, and as Quinito tries to shoot Maritess, the ghosts of Mia and Aya emerge from the beach and drag Quinito and Danny to the ocean.
Drag The River - 4:01  
In September 2018, Miss Fame performed as a background dancer behind Christina Aguilera for Opening Ceremony's Spring 2019 collection, with other Drag Race alumni.
This order was motivated by Tuđman's concern that the conference would drag on while the ZNG lost territory.
Mutual effects of drag force, mean bubble sizes, and turbulence characteristics profound from the simulation results.
Drag force is directly influenced by the change of Sauter diameter.
Reddington is tailing Katarina when a car runs into her vehicle and two assassins shoot her and drag away the body.
Drop tanks were originally designed to be jettisoned when empty or in the event of combat or emergency in order to reduce drag and weight, increasing manoeuvrability and range.
Indeed, Gutarra and colleagues found that the energetic cost of swimming at  was 24 to 42 times higher in Cartorhynchus than the ichthyosaur Ophthalmosaurus (depending on whether swimming mode is accounted for), and its drag coefficient was 15% higher than that of the bottlenose dolphin.
Beyond those stipulations he said, "I don't want to drag literature into it, nor do I want the composer or the choreographer to do so...do whatever you want."
 Mayyan Lubell, What a drag, Israeli firm grows "highless" marijuana, Reuters, July 3, 2012
He was the first sitting Governor of Kentucky to attend an LGBTQ-rights rally, and posed for a picture with drag queens.
The editor´s concept in general and the drag & drop report development in particular were innovations in comparison to the competition.
2007 SEMA: 2006 420 hp Honda Insight drag Car
We tie up prisoners, drag them round by horse.
She is known for her role as an entertainment reporter for CTV's series etalk and as a judge the reality competition series Canada's Drag Race.
Old Nick attempts to drag Jack back to his truck, but fails in the process.
With the support of a young beauty, her geeky brother and a trigger-happy drag queen he sets out to clean up the town and avenge the murder of his son.
The first was a two-ton Ford truck chassis mated to an Allison V-1710 piston engine that was altogether capable of a record  in a quarter-mile drag race.
Jet-powered drag racing cars have also appeared in National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) events since the 1970s.
The two contested the first side-by-side drag races between rocket-powered cars at Santa Pod Raceway in England.
The 2012 Tranny Awards were hosted by RuPaul's Drag Race contestant Nicole Paige Brooks at Joseph's Cafe in Hollywood on February 19, 2012.
 David Petruschin (Raven), drag artist and reality TV star
The Daedalus Project first dealt with the issue of reducing drag on the wing tips by developing ram-air stabilizers.
The default graphical user interface (GUI) of the Blockly editor consists of a toolbox, which holds available blocks, and where a user can select blocks, and a workspace, where a user can drag and drop and rearrange blocks.
The acceleration due to drag is then
For orbit propagation purposes, there is a field for BSTAR drag in two-line element set (TLE) files, where it is to be given in units of inverse Earth radii.
The soldiers inside were immediately assisted by fellow UDR members, who helped to drag the wounded out of the shattered wreckage.
Lynne Carter portrayed the female proprietor of the prostitution establishment in the film; he appeared in drag.
Enemies from the first game in the series, including the Sectoids, returned while Firaxis introduced new enemies including the Vipers, a snake-like enemy who can drag soldiers out of their cover.
Prior to release, the promotional trailer was criticized by many for its lack of representation of minorities, who were prominently involved in the historical event, in particular people of color, drag queens, butch lesbians and trans women.
Instead he is taken to the Queen who decides to drag him through the streets during her coronation parade as Empress, tied to a Calsany, a donkey-like animal.
Flow and effect on skin friction drag
The above equation, which is derived from Prandtl's one-seventh-power law, provided a reasonable approximation of the drag coefficient of low-Reynolds-number turbulent boundary layers.
In a three star review from Jesus Freak Hideout, Christopher Smith responds, "the lackluster lyrics and unoriginal musical formula drag this album down.
The winner of the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Violet Chachki, with Ginger Minj and Pearl being the runners-up.
Similar to last season, the compilation consists of 14 covers of songs previously released by RuPaul, performed by all of the RuPaul's Drag Race season seven contestants.
Ginger Minj is the stage name of Joshua Allen Eads (born September 11, 1984), an American drag queen, actor, singer-songwriter, and reality television personality.
Minj's performance of Adele was later ranked as the sixth best Snatch Game performance in Drag Race "herstory" by Sam Damshenas of Gay Times.
Minj returned the following year for the second annual Digital Drag Fest, in May 2021.
In 2020, Minj portrayed Tommy and drag queen Fanny Pak on the Netflix comedy AJ and the Queen, alongside RuPaul, in the episode "Fort Worth".
He first did drag in 1997 at the age of 21 by impersonating Patti LaBelle.
Before Drag Race, Robinson appeared as the character, Mordecai, in the 2008 film First Sunday.
Masters would be referenced in 2017 by Nina Bo'Nina Brown for season nine of Drag Race, with Brown impersonating her for the annual "Snatch Game".
Lent initially only planned to use drag as a hobby, but quickly began booking gigs at increasing frequency.
Unlike other albums released by Drag Race alumni, Pleasure does not feature any vocals from Lent; he instead produced the entire album.
Brian Michael Firkus (born August 23, 1989), best known by her stage name Trixie Mattel, is an American drag queen, reality television personality, musician and entrepreneur from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Mattel operates a YouTube channel where she showcases the brand's products, reviews products from other makeup brands, posts new music and music videos, and video collaborations with other drag queens and various celebrities.
Mattel appears as a judge on the drag queen singing competition series Queen of the Universe.
After graduating from high school, Firkus attended the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, where he received a BFA in Music Theatre and was introduced to drag while performing in a production of The Rocky Horror Show at the Oriental Theatre.
In 2014, Firkus attended The Institute of Beauty and Wellness before withdrawing later that same year to participate in RuPaul's Drag Race.
Midway through the season, Zamolodchikova suffered a mental health crisis triggered by a relapse into addiction, which caused her to be replaced by Bob the Drag Queen for the remainder of the season.
In December 2018, she competed on the television special RuPaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular and won in a tie with the other competitors.
The magazine ranked the 100 most powerful drag queens in America and placed Mattel at number 4.
Later, Chachki was enrolled at the Savannah College of Art and Design at the Atlanta campus for fashion design, but dropped out to focus on doing drag.
In 2015, Violet Chachki was announced as a contestant on seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race, after having unsuccessfully auditioned for season six.
In April 2019, she became the first international drag queen to have ever performed in India.
She is the fifth most followed queen from Drag Race, and has accumulated over 2 million Instagram followers as of October, 2021.
Lowering the front wall of the cab resulted in lower drag, and therefore had better handling on the road.
Deviations in appearance, like dressing up in drag, would be seen as very unacceptable, and can result in harassment.
He then attended Boston University for one year before transferring to Massachusetts College of Art and Design, where he studied video and performance art in the Studio for Interrelated Media (SIM) program with a minor in psychology, and first became interested in drag.
McCook stated on Drag Race that the Russian-based aspect of his persona was inspired by a professor he had while studying at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design, who "never left the house without a full face of makeup [with] six inch stilettos in the snow."
Katya became known on the local drag scene in Boston for performing songs by popular Russian artists such as Alla Pugacheva, t.A.T.u.
On June 17, 2016, Katya was announced as one of the cast members on the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
Along with fellow Drag Race contestant Trixie Mattel, Katya co-hosted a web series on the World of Wonder YouTube channel called UNHhhh, which debuted in March 2016.
In January 2018, McCook announced a hiatus from drag for mental health reasons, and his comedy tour as , "Help Me, I'm Dying", was postponed until spring 2019.
In the past she was known to drag rotting carcasses into her studio for their bones.
He found the click and drag mouse interaction to be less than ideal but still complimented the game's aesthetics and gameplay.
The team reverted to the longer-specification snub nose for the Italian Grand Prix in order to provide better aerodynamic balance and lower drag on the high-speed Autodromo Nazionale Monza circuit.
"Weight" is the debut single released by American drag queen Latrice Royale.
On July 10, 2013, Drag Official released an interview with Royale where he stated he was working on a single that people would have to "W-E-I-G-H-T for..."
RuPaul's Drag Race alum Pandora Boxx also positively reviewed the song, stating, "It’s funny, catchy and it’s got a good beat.
Nagiyev condemns contemporaries who use the slogans "To Berlin" and "We can repeat" in their speech, offering to drag Russia into a war similar to the Great Patriotic War.
Built in 1961 by the famous George Ray, it is the oldest single-purpose drag racing facility in Arkansas.
Previously, Evans worked in Philadelphia and New Jersey, shooting drag races and portraits of the drivers.
The resulting debris then spirals inward toward the Sun due to drag from the gas disk.
An early generation of inner planets could have been lost due to catastrophic collisions during an instability, resulting in the debris being ground small enough to be lost due to Poynting-Robertson drag.
The Crown attorney prosecuting the case argued that Buxbaum had hired a hitman to kill his wife for $10,000 and had pulled over to the side of the road so that the man could drag her out of the car and shoot her.
Gia Gunn is the stage name of American drag performer Gia Keitaro Ichikawa.
On the show, she was known for her voguing, off-the-cuff catchphrases, reads and particular opinions, feminine style of drag, and friendship with fellow contestant Laganja Estranja.
After her elimination Gunn sparked controversy revealing that an altercation between her and RuPaul about transgender drag queens was edited out of show.
Following her appearance on RuPaul's Drag Race, Gunn released her first solo single "Bring out the Gunnz" on July 31, 2015.
She was one of many Drag Race alumni to criticize RuPaul's views on transgender and bio queens competing on the show in 2018.
Attachments for snowmobiles perform the same functions at a smaller scale and include a roller to compact the snow over a wide swath and a drag to level the snow behind the roller.
Aged 16, she requested that she be allowed to undergo transition treatment, but was denied permission: in her words, "I felt hopeless, that I was just going to look like a man in drag for the rest of my life.
The configuration is minimalist and streamlined, and equipment should not hang free, stick out or increase drag unnecessarily, or cause entanglement.
The SPG must be neatly clipped off where it cannot snag or cause unnecessary drag.
Backup (reserve) lights are carried where they are unlikely to snag, and cause minimal drag, but can be reached and operated by one hand.
The compass is mounted on the wrist, as the alternative mounting on a retractor or on a console are considered more likely to snag or drag on the bottom, thereby potentially damaging delicate structures and organisms.
GLAAD and Good Morning America noted transgender characters and themes in Supergirl (2015–Present), The OA (2016-2019), RuPaul's Drag Race (2009-Present), Tales of the City (1993), TransGeneration (2005), Ugly Betty (2006-2010), Dirty Sexy Money (2007-2010), America’s Next Top Model (2008), The Real World (2009), Dancing with the Stars (2011), and Glee (2012-2013).
The show included costume contests, academic readings, drag shows, and musical performances.
 According to his family, Ibrahim Gheith (14) of at-Tur, East Jerusalem, was beaten up while walking to school, after a car driven by local settlers stopped and one person assaulted him and tried to drag him into the vehicle.
Air cavity system (or ACS) is a modern marine hull design concept based upon capturing air beneath a vessel's hull to reduce drag and increase speed and fuel efficiency.
Tawhid Brigade commander Abdul Qader Saleh, requested that the Kurdish militia surrender and "not drag themselves into a losing battle that is not their fight."
Smith won the poetry section of the Prime Minister's Literary Awards in 2014 for her collection Drag Down to Unlock or Place an Emergency Call.
When the float becomes submerged in a wave its increased drag swings the canoe slightly around into the wind, thereby relieving some of the wind pressure on the sail.
But here the comedy of Sadhu Kokila and Shakeela is a drag and the film would have done without it and made the second half a lot crispier."
For city driving, the EPA rated the Bolt range at , and due to its relatively high drag coefficient, its range for highway driving is .
The video features various scenes of Brown and Tyga competing with one another to show off their riches and ends with them drag racing Lamborghinis.
The remaining two satellites were intended to be quickly removed from orbit and re-enter the atmosphere in order to test the satellite de-orbiting process; the three that lost contact were also expected to re-enter, but will do so passively from atmospheric drag as SpaceX was no longer able to actively control them.
Due to the increased drag, up to 40 of the satellites will reenter or already have reentered the Earth’s atmosphere within the week according to SpaceX.
In 1996, the version "Get A Chance With You" got an official release on the album, All The Hits From Surf City To Drag City.
Cowboys would fight the fire with wet sacks or kill a steer and partly skin it leaving the wet skin to drag behind in an effort to rub out the edge of the fire.
Iditarod 1 – Drag "iditarod" (a weighted sled) for 66 yards, 135 lb.
He has to drag her back down to earth frequently.
That day at school, bullies drag Pig into the restroom and harass him.
The most obvious aerodynamic change was the curve rear wing which was introduced during 2015 Belgian Grand Prix, the introduction was to allow for a decrease in drag without the associated loss of downforce.
These arms can pivot and so enable storage of the rotors and motors inside the fuselage, where they do not cause aerodynamic drag and hence enable to aircraft to fly faster and more efficient.
In order to get a good "shot" of the sinking boat it was necessary to drag it by chains to shallow water at high tide and repair it at low tide.
To slow down for landing, ropes will be dropped into the ocean to create drag prior to a planned landing on a sand dune.
That link breaks when Carlos (Hugo Silva), a neighbor of them, falls down the stairs and looks for help knocking on the only door he can drag himself towards.
The body of the 488 has been designed to increase downforce by 50% over the 458 while reducing aerodynamic drag.
A larger rear diffuser works to increase the velocity of air exiting the underbody to further lower air pressure, in conjunction with active aerodynamic variable flaps that both reduce drag and increase downforce as controlled by a microprocessor.
Not only does this give us greater freedom within the rules, but front downforce is generated more efficiently, with less drag.
Decoys are lighter than the RV, and therefore suffer higher atmospheric drag as they begin to reenter the atmosphere.
Malcolm brought Donegal and Revenge to support the frigates on 14 November, maintaining position off the anchorage despite a strong gale which caused Elisa to drag her anchors.
Watanabe's gimmick is that of an exótico, or a wrestler performing in feminine drag.
 Kumar - comedian, television host, actor, and drag queen
On the day Julian Assange was given political asylum, by the government of Ecuador, Phipps tweeted: 'If the met [police] want to regain my trust they should drag Assange out the embassy + shoot him in the back of th head in the middle of traf square.'
This design reduces both drag and the risk of ingesting foreign objects, but increases the difficulty of maintenance and complicates the wing structure.
Determined to reach Oregon as a family, the remaining members drag the body across the border, and are amazed when the victim comes back to life thanks to the pure Oregon air (except in the case of Daughter and Mother, who were only pretending to be dead).
Wigfall appeared in several of the earliest productions staged at La MaMa—including in two separate productions of The Maids (1964 and 1972) and Tom Eyen's Three Drag Queens from Daytona in 1973.
As the two near Heaven, Farel's desires drag him back to life, while Rachel tearfully walks away from life.
Twenty minutes into practice, Felipe Nasr lost control of his car when he weaved from side to side on track to increase his tyre temperatures while his drag reduction system (DRS) was open on the first part of the Casino straight, and crashed into the barrier at the inside of the track.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race; the first between turns five and seven down the length of Raffles Boulevard, and the second on the start/finish straight between turn 23 to turn one.
The track layout featured two drag reduction system (DRS) zones, one on the main straight and another between turns three and four.
Valli (Surbhi), who loves Radha, tries to drag him away from these issues.
Marcus, currently studying abroad, had first noticed Jackie after seeing her in Manila while she was drag racing, and has been infatuated with her ever since.
I'm really not a drag queen.
In 1979 Labowitz performed "Record Companies Drag Their Feet", a feminist analysis of music album covers.
To save himself, Nicholas ignores Glenn and opens the door far enough for the walkers to grab and drag Noah out, where he is consumed; a horrified Glenn watches but can do nothing.
Drag me into a corner, finish me off tonight!
Moss and ice were used on the bottom of the runner to reduce drag.
Daniel Frank Kelley, also known by the stage names Paige Turner and Showbiz Spitfire,  is an American drag queen, comedian, and singer who lives in New York City.
Billed as NYC's live drag reality show, SYTYCD completed its 5th season Fall 2014 with celebrity judges including Adam Lambert, Charles Busch, Zach Booth, and Jackie Hoffman.
Turner was the official host of the original LGBT Expo 2015. and will headline at the 1st Annual Austin International Drag Festival in May 2015.
Orpe began her career hosting 'Rem Con Raiders' for Image Wizard Television for Channel Five and moved on to host the FIA European Drag Racing Championships, aired on Sky Sports and Eurosports.
Firebird International Raceway near Chandler is home to drag racing, off-road racing and other motorsport events.
Realness is the eighth studio album from singer and drag queen RuPaul.
Captain Bartholomew Rowley did not acknowledge the surrender, passing on to attack the next French ship in line, and the French frigates Alceste and Justice attempted to pass a tow rope to Alcide and drag it away from the British fleet.
The Armenians likewise did not want to drag the Americans into the conflict.
Alexis DeJoria (born September 24, 1977) is an American drag racer who competes in the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) Funny Car category.
On 20 September, during production for the ninth series, Hammond was seriously injured while driving a Vampire turbojet drag racing car at up to , as part of a planned feature, leading the BBC to postpone the broadcast of Best of Top Gear until a later date, and delaying production on the series until the presenter had recovered.
April: What a Drag it is Getting Old: "Mother's Little Helper", the Stones' single about prescription pill-popping housewives is released in the UK.
From 2001 until around 2008, much of Howells’ work involved the use of a drag persona, namely Adrienne.
Paul Menard briefly took the lead, but did not lead a lap through it while Carl Edwards did and the lead cycled back to Kurt Busch following a brief drag race down the back stretch with teammate Kevin Harvick.
From within her shadow they can reach out their arms and grab people to hold them or to drag them into the shadow which somehow ends up with the person seeming to have exploded when the area is shown later.
In 2015, having performed as an Adele impersonator on the drag scene in London, Adams was asked to join several other Adele impersonators for a show the BBC were doing about impersonators.
Having started her live performance career at drag bars such as the Royal Vauxhall Tavern, Jayde often cites the LGBT community in London as the reason she found confidence after the death of her sister in 2011.
On the more heavily travelled routes, there were additional layers that included six sided capstones, or pavers, that reduced the dust and reduced the drag from wheels.
You will see that it will not drag.
The single, Rotten Teeth, was released in May 2016 accompanied by a music video directed by Nistico and featuring drag queens and famous Mexican reality and YouTube stars.
In 1993, in a controversial case that would drag on for fifteen years, Rangsan was arrested for allegedly plotting to murder the President of the Supreme Court, Praman Chansue (the murder never took place).
The girls drag Arthur into a living room, and Cali answers the door and accuses Ben of cheating, hoping that he will leave.
Scott Geoffrion (May 18, 1965 – May 8, 2006) was an NHRA drag racing driver.
He takes offense at those who consider him a drag performer.
Alex Soto, 49, Puerto Rican actor and drag queen, heart attack.
The duo's second album, Spiderbeetlebee, was released by Drag City in 2017.
Ryan wrote that it "grows louder by the day" and pointed out that Elizabeth and Philip are now "even more untenable, and the show has never been one to drag out developments past their potency".
The complex includes drag strip and a 1/2 mile dirt oval.
He tries to drag her out of the house but Ajay stops him and confesses his love for her.
Dances, drag shows and brunches.
To the right of the painting, daemons drag terrified women away.
In her NIS America profile, she is described as energetic and optimistic, but "tends to drag others into her problems without realizing it."
During his childhood, he did a three years long yatra with a Bengali drag artist Chapal Bhaduri.
Parliament House was a gay resort on the Orange Blossom Trail in Florida, United States, that included several bars and hosted performances such as drag shows.
The design was optimised to omit downforce, thereby reducing drag, for better preparation for competing on high-speed tracks.
Alex Soto Hernández (July 29, 1965 – April 9, 2015) was a Puerto Rican actor, comedian and drag queen, who was well known for his transvestite characterizations.
He was angry that he had been forced to train on his own in unsuitable facilities, had to travel 4 or 5 times from N.Y. to the west coast in order to get any kind of competition, and had been put down by some of the press as a drag on America's hopes for a 400-meter sweep.
His job is to salvage valuables from the clothing of the dead, drag bodies from the gas chambers and scrub the chambers before the next group arrives to be gassed.
Some of the boat's systems are operated via PLCs, automatically stepping up engine speed as power is required to operate the hydraulic ram actuating the canting keel, or disengaging the propeller when it is retracted into the hull to reduce drag.
2017–present: Drag Me Out
Shortly after the album's release, connections were made between Drag Me Out's "Hollow" and Asking Alexandria's "Alone in a Room" sounding similar in terms of instruments and the bridge section of the song, afterwards the band's label Sumerian Records (who at the time, were also Asking Alexandria's label) took down the song from their official YouTube channel.
Denis has also announced that these allegations will not impact the upcoming album that Drag Me Out is working on.
The bar was popular with drag queens.
They also called the film "preachy" and complained of a "cut-and-paste script by Stephen Kendrick and Paul McCusker that manages to drag into the fray Benjamin Franklin (Alan Madlane), who dutifully proceeds to offer up a medley of his greatest quotes."
The last thing you want to do with Fisk is at all involve, insult, drag through the mud the women in his life he loves.
Unlike some spiders, Cantuaria do not wrap their prey in silk, but drag the victim into the depths of the burrow, with the trapdoor closing overhead.
He is mentioned as an influence in Reed's Transformer album, which contains the hit drag anthem “Walk on the Wild Side”.
He composed the song "It's Free", which he performed in drag in the film.
An hour after the accident, drag lines were being used to find bodies, and at 9:30 the first one was recovered, and immediately identified as that of John P. Anderson, a cabinet maker from Milwaukie.
The Golden Cross has become a popular gay friendly pub, with regular drag acts and entertainment.
In March 2020, it was reported that Black had a "blazing row" with her fellow SNP MP Joanna Cherry, after the latter questioned her decision to visit a primary school with a drag queen.
Drag Racing was listed by The New York Times  as one of the 'Best Android Gaming Apps of 2011', a 2012 Webby Award honoree in the category of Mobile Sites & Apps Games and is one of the most downloaded games on Google Play with over 100 million players worldwide.
Very rich gallery of customization options and achievements create addictive and rewarding game play while competing against other players allows you to feel a sense of belonging to the drag racing community."
Everything changes during a trip to the cemetery, however, where he briefly encounters a grieving drag queen named Pops (Roderick Paulate) and taunts him for his sexuality.
As the trio runs away from the scene, the distraught pager boy brings back his beloved master back from the dead, along with the souls of other drag queens who have been murdered to exact justice, in the form of zombies, which flock to town and promptly start attacking citizens.
Jim Rosenblum (born c. 1940), a native of Mamaroneck, New York, was a street drag racer in his youth.
Britain (Chamberlain war ministry) and France rejected these overtures some days later and the uneventful phase of the war known as the Phoney War would drag on until 10 May 1940
The final Lisa and Macintosh operating systems use concepts from the Xerox Alto, but many elements of the graphical user interface were created by Apple including the menu bar, pull-down menus, and the concepts of drag and drop and direct manipulation.
Kitty Powers' Matchmaker's premise was developed by Rich Franke, who chose to incorporate his drag personality of Kitty Powers into the game.
Secondly I felt drag and video games hadn't really collided properly yet and this might be a good way to do it.
Ice crystals are known to horizontally orient when they are large enough that drag forces overcome the randomizing effects of Brownian motion.
At the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, Lazzarato, along with a group of drag queens, introduced Miley Cyrus for the debut performance of Dooo It!
Luke Reilly of IGN gave the game a score of 6.3 out of 10, praising the game's great visuals and sound and the drifting feeling, but criticizing the game's story, the game being too brief, the multiplayer, AI, daft time-of-night effects, having no drag racing, and no ability to pause the game.
She was a keen member of the Mid Surrey Drag Hunt and later a campaigner for animal rights, particularly camels (through the Wild Camel Protection Foundation) and bears.
Improvements have also been made to "task view" in tablet mode to allow the user to drag open apps to the side of the screen to snap them or to the bottom of the screen to close them directly from task view.
Mundie and Warnock return and drag Hume to interrogation, ignoring Caesar's attempt to confess.
It was released in February 2015 under Drag City Records.
Rotter aimed to produce a training aircraft of high aerodynamic refinement with a high lift to drag ratio (L/D) which was also stable but responsive to the controls, structurally strong, easy to land and with a good all-round view from the cockpit.
To minimise drag, there were no conventional cross bracing flying wires but instead a single, faired diagonal strut from the top of each interplane struts to the corresponding lower fuselage longeron.
After Santos of the Philippines missed a good chance Singapore missed an even better one in the 64th minute, after some great passing Sahil was again right in front of goal unmarked but somehow managed to drag his effort horribly wide.
On iPad, a two-finger drag on the keyboard moves the cursor freely like a traditional trackpad, making positioning the cursor and selecting text easier.
Model Shaun Ross, actress Leisha Hailey, drag queen Manila Luzon, and model and LGBT activist Claudia Charriez make appearances in the video.
The police use a particularly disgusting third degree interrogation to drag a confession from the innocent man.
I thought that might drag out for a while.
Supersonic aircraft typically have long, protruding noses to reduce drag at high speeds.
Of the 45 GIs in the cast about half would perform in drag but none wanted the title role, so Wayne became the U.S. Army’s Carmen in addition to co-producing and directing the show.
At his studio he gathered together distinguished intellectuals, drag queens, playwrights, Bohemian street people, Hollywood celebrities, and wealthy patrons.
Like the Karakán, the Nemere had a plywood covered D-box ahead of the main spar but, with the external struts absent, plywood covered more of the inner wing back to a diagonal internal drag strut.
The painting illustrates the stages of courtship as described by Milton; a group of men select wives from a group of dancing women, drag their chosen woman from the group, and settle down to married life.
Savoy's drag queen mannerisms were an inspiration for Mae West.
If it is seen on desktop or laptop computer, the 360-experience will be available by click and drag feature to look around.
Sonoma Raceway, formerly Sears Point Raceway and Infineon Raceway, is a  road course and drag strip located on the landform known as Sears Point in the southern Sonoma Mountains in Sonoma, California, USA.
Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune gave the film 1.5 out of 4 stars, reviewing: "Rampage is a drag.
To the right of these heads, Hell is represented with figures of subhuman monsters or demons that drag and torture the souls of the damned enslaved by passions representing Violence, Cruelty, Rapine and Gluttony.
"Cool for the Summer" was featured during a lip sync battle in the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The organization opposed the performance by drag queens at the 1973 LGBT Pride March in New York City.
Lesbian Feminist Liberation's Jean O'Leary then insisted on responding by denouncing drag as misogynist and criticizing the march for being too male-dominated.
In one Easter performance at Club Uranus, Caja in drag performed an elaborate reenactment of the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus.
In the 1970s and 1980s, he published Drag magazine.
The store catered heavily to drag performers.
He coordinated the organization's drag balls and fundraising events.
As they passed out flyers, Sylvia Rivera, of Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries, took the microphone from emcee Vito Russo and spoke against the sentiment and spoke of the harassment and arrests of drag queens on the street, some of whom had been involved with the Stonewall riots.
Drag Magazine includes two full pages of photographs from the protest, including Lee Brewster and Sylvia Rivera together holding their protest signs.
They published Drag Queens: A Magazine About the Transvestite beginning in 1971.
The organization was founded in part to oppose the relegation of drag queens to the back of the March at the first  Christopher Street Liberation Day in June 1970.
Lesbian Feminist Liberation opposed the performance by drag queens at the 1973 LGBT Pride March in New York City.
 Drag Queens: A Magazine About the Transvestite issue 1 on the Digital Transgender Archive
Pilot Harvey S. Gibson was able to save the plane by lowering the landing gear, which produced enough drag to slow the descent and allowed him to level the aircraft.
Two Statues throw him out of the throne and rats appear to drag Emperor's body away.
The eighth season of RuPaul's Drag Race began airing on March 7, 2016.
Combined with wind tunnel testing, the resulting car had a drag coefficient of , a major improvement from the previous BMW M6/635CSi's 0.39.
The aerodynamic efficiency have been refined as the drag coefficient improved from 0.25 in the previous model to a class-leading 0.23.
If featured Forster cavorting in a mid-riff top and flares and McLennan in drag.
Behind the wing the upper and lower members converged to the rear; the drag on the lower members reduced the landing run to  There were three vertical cross braces on each girder but the only lateral inter-girder cross-members were near the tail, though there was wire bracing.
He used mules to drag coal out of mines.
White spent 30 years drag racing in Canada, before deciding to switch to stock car racing in 2009.
Despite being out of the combat zone, the mission still faced difficulties as the open bomb bay doors created excessive drag and depleted fuel below the level required to return to RAF Fairford.
Anus is the debut studio album by American drag performer Alaska Thunderfuck, the stage name of Justin Honard.
Pitchfork named the song as the best song ever by a RuPaul's Drag Race contestant.
Emitt went on to list "Hieee" as one of the "fabulously worst" tracks from Drag Race Divas, saying "the song sounds like the catchphrase-ready queen running out of new material live on the studio mic.
Travelers considered it the worst part of the entire Oregon Trail, and had to either drag trees behind their wagons for braking or winch using ropes or chains.
Towards the end of his trek, David Prime is forced to delete his ability to walk and drag himself across the planet's rocky surface to finally reach the package.
Redcoat soldiers drag in two badly beaten abolitionists and the pregnant slave, also beaten.
Paloma is actually Cardo in drag during his mission to rescue women who were kidnapped by a prostitution syndicate.
It hosted drag queen shows, live music, special events, and viewing parties.
On July 7, NASCAR announced that a higher drag aero package would be used for the weekend's race.
JADE supports the retrieval and reuse of previous plan elements for use in the development of new plans by using a map-oriented drag and drop interface.
 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series: Viasat Sport
The first season of All Stars featured a companion show, which aired directly after the show, RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars: Untucked, it returned for Season 5 and Season 6 following a three-season absence.
This season featured a lip-sync to the Rihanna song 'Shut Up and Drive' by Alyssa Edwards and Tatianna that has frequently been rated the number one best Drag Race lip-sync performance.
The winners were Trinity the Tuck and Monét X Change; this marked the first and only double crowning to date in the Drag Race franchise.
The winner of the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars was Alaska, with Detox and Katya being the runners-up.
Vox described the season as "the best — and most self-aware" season of Drag Race.
RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars seasons
However, People wrote: "even that wouldn't necessarily account for the phrase extending beyond the cultures that would watch either Friday, Drag Race or both."
One of the propellers cannot be feathered, causing drag that makes it uncertain whether New York can be reached.
The process of João da Gama went to Casa de la Contratación in Seville, where it came to drag.
Pleasure is the debut studio album by American drag queen Matthew Lent, released under his character pseudonym Pearl.
The single received negative reviews, with Pitchfork Media naming the song as the third worst song by a RuPaul's Drag Race contestant ever.
Starring three drag queens in the title roles, the show has been performed regularly at the Cavern Club Theatre in Silver Lake since July 25, 2003.
In 2015 IWRG held a cage match that featured only female wrestlers and Exótico or drag wrestlers in the cage, branding it as La Jaula de las Locas ("The Cage of the Crazy Ones") instead of Guerra de Sexos.
Hosts Nicole Byer and Joel Kim Booster reacted to RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars (season 4) in the first season of the podcast.
He was known as drag racing's "King of the Northwest".
Carey as Phi Phi O'Hara was announced as one of the thirteen contestants for RuPaul's Drag Race season 4 on November 13, 2011.
His original goal was to post one photo in drag every day of 2016 (except for February 29, since it was a leap year).
This involved a series of temporary drag anchors to be installed on the seabed around Campbell's Cove and the passenger terminal to take the ship's bow lines.
Dressed as a drag queen, Capone tracks down Ratty, who has since gone into hiding, and persuades him to testify against Wonie.
After the middle-aged man leaves, two gay couples, a pair of flamboyant out-of-costume drag queens known as Miss Parrish and Mavis, as well as another couple named Thumbelina and Taffy, walk by where Miss Parrish asks the young man if he would like some company for he is all alone.
The track listing was officially announced by Drag City on August 10, 2015.
Pete Pistone, lead writer for MRN.com and co-host of The Morning Drive on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio, said that he continued "to applaud NASCAR for trying rule packages in an effort to improve the competition" but that "it’s apparent the high drag package used at Indianapolis and Michigan is not the right direction."
The complex has a bitumen circuit, drag racing strip, and drift racing circuit.
He was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford where he was master of the university drag hounds.
She is the daughter of drag racer John Force and the sister of fellow racers Courtney Force and Ashley Force Hood.
As they reach a bridge that can only be used by one person, David volunteers to take the challenge and snatch the toadstool, but as he attempts to return he is obstructed by phantom knights that drag him underwater.
Robert Christgau deemed it as Storytellers most impressive song, "cross-regional, cross-gender, class-conscious ... in which neither the mother of four working three jobs nor the farm family's first college man can do without the occasional drag or drink, sincere Christians though they be".
Along with air openings behind the front wheel arches that reduce turbulence in the wheel housings, the drag coefficient has been reduced to 0.24.
On the other hand, the theater also played in-house productions or guest performances, musicals and operettas, and contrived chanson evenings, drag shows, as well as farces and boulevard theater with popular actors (Willy Millowitsch, Hans-Joachim Kulenkampff, Horst Tappert) from Germany, and also children's and youth plays.
Goulene noted that Ranka is a crossdresser who performs as a drag queen, is accepted by his mother, and is shown as a "completely normal parent," who cares about his own daughter.
What had initially seemed as though it would be a quick victory began to drag out through the summer, particularly as some Jacobite forces had to be diverted to confront the defenders of Enniskillen.
Queerty interviewed several drag performers who knew Killer and praised him for his unique performance which "did not conform" to expectations, yet remained "classy," according to Cupcake Canne.
Cyrus first performed the song as a collaborative effort with The Flaming Lips and dozens of RuPaul's Drag Race contestants in haute couture designs for the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards, which she hosted.
He is also known for his contributions to spintronics: in 2000, with Irene D'Amico, he introduced the concept of spin Coulomb drag  (experimentally observed in 2005).
According to the US/Canadian magazine Vice it has been called a "frockumentary" which, as well as looking at the public face of the drag scene, it tells the personal stories of six of its performers.
for RuPaul's Drag Race UK (series 2).
A rendezvous with a vessel bound there is arranged, but Ivan is ambushed by a police assault team while seeking to approach it and is unable to drag himself up a boarding ladder thrown over its stern.
Despite burns to 15 per cent of his body, he was able to drag clear his wife Maureen, who suffered burns to 40 per cent of her body.
Russell James Liberman (1945–1977), American funny car drag racer
Tom "Mongoo$e" McEwen, American drag racer (d. 2018)
The Holston River's unusually low water levels slowed their progress, as the party had to drag or portage the canoe over and around exposed shoals and sandbars.
In 2021, he was part of the research team that demonstrated the efficiency of the skeletal motifs of the deep-sea sponge Venus' flower basket, in terms of reduction of drag and of trapping time of fluid inside the body cavity, which is likely to promote selective filter feeding and sexual reproduction.
In 1979 he formed a group of drag artists called Surprise Sisters along with friends.
After drag racing through the front stretch, Kurt Busch passed his brother for the lead with 46 laps to go.
He also mentioned Momoko, a trans woman who used to own a drag club saying that even though the show doesn't always treat her respectfully, she is a "sympathetic and an admirable character."
Jack James (Mark Jones), an unsuccessful music hall entertainer and drag artist, inherits a brothel from his late aunt, and impersonates her in order to seduce the female clients.
The discography of American drag performer and singer Adore Delano, consists of three studio albums, one extended play, thirteen singles, one promotional single, and eleven music videos (including one as a featured artist).
One of Montgomery's staff officers, Aaron Burr, briefly attempted to drag his commander's body to friendly lines, but was foiled by the snow as well as Montgomery's dead weight.
Symposium on Structure of Turbulence and Drag Reduction, Physics of Fluids, 20 (10 part 11), (pp.
The ContentTools editor allows text content, images, embedded videos, tables and other page content to be edited, resized, or moved via drag and drop directly within the page.
For one thing, tiny particles have little inertia compared to the drag force of the gas that surrounds them, and so they tend to go with the flow instead of traveling in straight lines.
I was in the mood to do almost a Mersey Beat number and to me there's something about Ain't It a Drag that sounds a bit like Mersey Beat.
While searching Stella regains a memory of gnarled hands, after which Daniel appears and the two boys attack her and drag her further into the forest.
Founder Johnny Skandros and Scruff's Pit Crew were featured as challenge guests on Season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Of the unwillingness to drag the problem further, Shandy wrote a clarification statement on her official Instagram account, saying:
Race Wars is a drag racing event in the movie The Fast and the Furious, which describes the underground illegal racing scene in Los Angeles, California, that character Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) and his team invent.
The event is very similar to that in the United States; usually consisting of a small fee to enter into the drag races and an even smaller fee to spectate/park.
The two are separated after a group of Worth's inmates (all of whom are ghosts) attack Basil and drag him off.
The airframe was refined to give less drag, removing exterior bracing cables on the tail-unit and fully enclosing the engine in a NACA cowling.
A wet spray forms around the surface during blasting, helping to capture airborne particulates and drag them downwards.
Reiff hailed the band's craft, arguing that "Beach House has mastered the art of space by this point and seems to have an instinct for how long to drag out a keyboard melody or a guitar line before bringing in another element to keep things from bogging down."
One to drag the dogs from the corner,
Rather, the half-baked work will drag them down to its level.
James "Jim" Mason - Drag Kells
These archaic forms of football, typically classified as mob football, would be played between neighbouring towns and villages, involving an unlimited number of players on opposing teams, who would clash in a heaving mass of people struggling to drag an inflated pig's bladder by any means possible to markers at each end of a town.
On September 13, 2013, Immanuel Casto published his second studio album Freak & Chic, which included the singles "Tropicanal" and "Sexual Navigator" (featuring the drag queen Minerva Lowenthal).
Approximately 90 drag queens appeared in the film, including Daniel Lismore, The Vivienne and Charlie Hides.
Just then, Yug realizes that it could have been Gauri and goes to her hotel to drag her there.
This is the only cofradia that permits women as members,  who  drag individual chains in the procession.
Drag coefficient was down to 0.32.
It retains the 996's basic profile, with an even lower 0.28 drag coefficient, but draws on the 993 for detailing.
Bickham was originally trained as a clothing operator, but already as a 19 year old he started performing as a drag queen.
His grandson Brandon Welch took over the duties of racing his Funny Car after having graduated from Frank Hawley's Drag Racing School.
Chuck Beal and his Funny Car have received positive reception from editors in drag racing magazines.
At the event, the members of the military and their families were able to see one of Beal's drag race cars and meet the staff.
He would later  graduate from Frank Hawley's Drag Racing School, which contributed to Beal choosing him to race his Funny Car.
This was the first Monster Jam game to feature stadium drag racing, and to also have cross-country off-road racing in a similar vein to the previous Monster 4x4: Masters of Metal game, as well as freestyle.
On September 29, 2015, the Lawrenceville–Brunswick Municipal Airport in Lawrenceville, Virginia was converted for drag strip scenes up until the period of September 30.
The wasps paralyze these spiders with their poisonous stings and drag them into their underground nests.
By 1865, Pettigrew's men were using bullock teams to drag Kauri pine logs from Woolann (the area around Lake Poona).
Mick escapes the plantation by dressing up in drag and getting on the back of the truck when the prostitutes leave.
Colette and Rachel try to stop Carlton from a drag race against Richie.
The stories only make the Chanels more frightened, with a lore about killers that drag people in the toilet while they're using it, or killers that murder you based on your decision of toilet paper.
Aidar invokes the name of Abai as his protector, but it only increases the anger of their chasers, who decide to tie him to a horse and to drag him.
During the 1880s and 1890s, Swann organized a series of drag balls in Washington, D.C. Swann was arrested in police raids numerous times, including in the first documented case of arrests for female impersonation in the United States, on April 12, 1888.
DeLarverie was a Black/biracial singer, drag king and MC, who performed and hosted at the Apollo Theater.
Attendees dance, vogue, walk, pose, and support one another in numerous drag and performance competition categories.
Bob the Drag Queen
When Zalachenko asks Camilla to play a game with him (the implication being inappropriate sexual behaviour) Lisbeth tries to drag her away, before leaping from a high balcony into a snowdrift and making her escape, leaving Camilla behind.
Tourmaline has also performed work as a community historian for drag queens and transgender individuals around the Stonewall Inn rebellion, observing how archives and repositories rarely prioritize saving transgender artist materials.
As a performance artist, she goes by the stage names Wendy Babybitch and Klaus Engel, as part of the neo-burlesque theater groups The Kisses Cause Trouble, The Drag King Fem Show, the Cabaret des Filles de Joie and the Queer X Show.
One Direction: Drag Me Down
Dehler is friends with RuPaul's Drag Race'' alum Detox Icunt, stating, "I’ve done a lot of events with Detox.
NHRA and Fox Sports jointly announced that starting in 2016 the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series will be televised by Fox Sports 1 (FS1).
Six months later, the band released its self-produced follow-up, 1000 Days, on Drag City.
He is probably best remembered for his television guest presenting role as Big Brother's Singing Drag Queen on Big Brother's Bit on the Side.
He followed this in 1993 with his female impersonation creation The Diva Show, which won Boyz Magazine's reader's poll award for Best Drag Act in 1994.
Kristian has written features for several magazines, including LGBT History Month and Pinkwire, for which he has also written a regular light-hearted semi-autobiographical column since 2010 called Adventures of a Drag Queen.
exceptionally bold ... exceptionally detailed.... [O]nly a couple of pages into the book you’ll realize that their principal goal is to drag the old New Left and the new "identity left," kicking and screaming, into the world of entrepreneurship, personal responsibility, and scientific and technological progress.
Although some critics felt the track begins to drag as it goes on, Pegg believes it's one of the album's "most luminous moments".
In that same year, Dwyer's output was referred to by Pitchfork as a pioneering effort in the genre known as drag, or witch house.
In pebble accretion the accretion of objects ranging from centimeters up to meters in diameter onto planetesimals in a protoplanetary disk is enhanced by aerodynamic drag from the gas present in the disc.
Pebbles are an intermediate case, aerodynamic drag causes them to settle toward the central plane of the disk and to orbit at a sub-keplerian velocity resulting in radial drift toward the central star.
If the pebbles were large the efficiency of pebble accretion would decline with distance from the Sun as the aerodynamic drag becomes too weak for the pebbles to be captured during encounters with the largest objects.
CircuitMaker supports integration with the Octopart search engine and allows drag and drop placement of components from the Octopart search results if schematic models are attached to them.
Due to a combination of the projected mass, and thus drag of the glider with a rocket aboard, as well as the operating altitude required for testing, a larger tow aircraft was built.
To further reduce drag and aid aerodynamics, the electronically controlled rear wing was removed and was replaced with a long tail incorporating a rear wing with a short cross-section.
 Victoria "Porkchop" Parker, American drag queen
Andriy Danylko – comedian and singer, represented Ukraine in 2007 as the drag artist Verka Serduchka
Shartistry in Motion is the second studio album by American drag queen Willam Belli, released on June 2, 2015.
However, Rhea Litré, a drag queen in Willam's other disbanded group Tranzkuntinental and who featured on "Let's Have a KaiKai" on Belli's 2012 album, returned to feature on "U.C.C.".
It features Rhea Litré who had previously worked with Belli in the drag group Tranzkuntinental and on his song "Let's Have a KaiKai" from his debut album.
Slay Belles is the ninth studio album and second Christmas album from American singer and drag queen RuPaul.
The album's title is a play on 'sleigh bells', with 'sleigh' replaced with 'slay', a word frequently used within the drag and LGBT community meaning amazing, and 'bells' replaced with 'belles' meaning beautiful women.
Yip Wai Yee of The Straits Times gave Mr. Unbelievable 2 out of 5 stars, attributing it to Chen's portrayal of his teenage character "unconvincing", and that "to milk (the original music video) and drag it into a full-length feature film makes the nonsense go on for far too long".
Bracing may be used to resist all the various forces which occur in an airframe, including lift, weight, drag and twisting or torsion.
Because cabane struts often carry engine thrust to the upper wing to overcome its drag, the loads along each diagonal between fore and aft struts are unequal and they are often formed as N-struts.
For aircraft of moderate engine power and speed, lift struts represent a compromise between the high drag of a fully cross-braced structure and the high weight of a fully cantilevered wing.
However, as speeds rise the wire must be made thinner to avoid drag while the forces it carries increase.
By the end of World War I engine powers and airspeeds had risen enough that the drag caused by bracing wires on a typical biplane was significantly affecting performance, while the heavier but sleeker strut-braced parasol monoplane was becoming practicable.
In March 1896, when the government snagboat Corvallis had sunk in the Willamette River, at the mouth of Meeks Slough, Three Sisters was hired to attempt to drag the Corvallis to a position where the snagboat could be raised.
The body was a 1/10 version of a Nissan P35 by Protoform, modified to reduce drag.
The SCXV will be improved in the 2016 season, the focus of the improvements will be on the creation of a drag reduction system
The Schmeidler SN.2 was a low power, single seat aircraft designed in Germany in the 1930s to test the ability of trailing edge wing extensions to lower minimum flight speeds without a high speed drag penalty.
Simple Songs is the third singer-songwriter album by American musician Jim O'Rourke for Drag City.
This causes him to turn to Guri as a potential successor since she is Mavuro's daughter and seek to drag her down to Hell by any means to accomplish this.
Emotional Mugger is the eighth studio album by American garage rock musician Ty Segall, released on January 22, 2016 on Drag City Records.
Panti, Rory O'Neill, is an Irish drag queen and gay rights activist
Also in response to the death, a volunteer group known as Drag the Red was formed.
As Lucy tries to drag Belinda, Lucy is shot in the head and killed.
After divorcing from his wife in 1961, Alldread began performing in drag shows, initially under the name Anita Modé.
He continues to perform as a drag queen in Toronto, including bar shows and charity fundraisers for causes such as HIV/AIDS awareness and Gilda's Club.
jQWidgets is a software framework with widgets (graphical control elements), themes, input validation, drag & drop plug-in, data adapters, built-in WAI-ARIA accessibility, internationalization and MVVM support.
Upon arrival, Vinny sneaks up on Pat and attacks him, who manages to knock Vinny unconscious before forcing Andy to drag him into the warehouse.
In planetary science a streaming instability is a hypothetical mechanism for the formation of planetesimals in which the drag felt by solid particles orbiting in a gas disk leads to their spontaneous concentration into clumps which can gravitationally collapse.
The drag also produces a back reaction on the gas, increasing its velocity.
Gas drag slows the fall of the smallest particles and less frequent collisions slows the fall of the largest particles during this process, resulting in the size sorting of particles with mid-sized particles forming a porous core and a mix of particle sizes forming denser outer layers.
The Stokes number is a measure of the relative influences of inertia and gas drag on a particle's motion.
If the growth of these bodies is fractal, with their porosity increasing as larger porous bodies collide, their radial drift timescales become long, allowing them to grow until they are compressed by gas drag and self-gravity forming small planetesimimals.
As their eccentricities were damped due to gas drag and tidal interaction with the disk the largest and smallest objects would be lost as their semi-major axes shrank leaving behind the intermediate sized planetesimals.
Super Low Altitude Test Satellite (SLATS) or Tsubame is a JAXA satellite intended to demonstrate operations in very low Earth orbit (VLEO, below 200 km), using ion engines to counteract aerodynamic drag from the Earth's atmosphere which is substantial at such lower orbital altitudes.
There are 28 mounted hunts in New Zealand, all of them mounted Harrier packs that hunt hares or drag lines.
12:10 p.m.: The prime ministers of Spain and Turkey appealed to world leaders and international bodies to help stop hostilities in the Middle East, saying the violence threatened to drag the entire region into a "chaotic deadlock."
 Trinity Taylor (born 1984), American drag performer nicknamed "the Tuck"
Paris Dupree (also stylized as Paris Duprée or Paris DuPree; 1950 – August 2011) was an American drag performer and documentary participant featured in Jennie Livingston's 1990 documentary, Paris is Burning, which was named after Dupree's annual ball.
In 2010, the song was used in the fifth episode of season two of reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, in which Wash also served as guest judge.
Diana Clarke wrote for The Village Voice,In the Puerto Rican queer and drag communities, "mala" is used to mean something closer to "fierce."
AoA is one of the primary factors determining amount of lift and drag produced by an airfoil.
After a successful atmospheric entry, the module's speed was reduced from the 5.8 km/s entry value to a few hundred m/s due to the drag force provided by the atmosphere of Mars.
 DRAG & HUG (August 3, 2016)
The four parachutes then deployed causing a large amount of drag that finally freed the BMP-1, but the rear fuselage was damaged in the process.
Brotherhood Raceway Park (sometimes known as Terminal Island Raceway) was a drag racing venue on Terminal Island which is between the neighborhood of San Pedro in the city of Los Angeles and the city of Long Beach.
One application was for drag racing gokarts, posting times of 7.3 seconds and speeds over  for the quarter mile using a twin T-16 engine rocket powered kart driven by "Captain" Jack McClure.
Räikkönen managed to get into the one-second window to activate the drag reduction system (DRS), as Vettel was eight seconds behind him with Ricciardo closing on him in fourth place.
Following Hunter's participation in Jeffrey Schwarz's documentary I Am Divine (about Baltimore drag queen Divine, with whom Hunter had appeared in several motion pictures), producer Allan Glaser approached Schwarz about the potential of adapting the Confidential book into a feature-length documentary.
The Switch Drag Race
Fifteen people are crowded into some of these shacks, where children manage to drag through their sad little lives, despite their uncared for condition and the stifling and fetid air they are compelled to breathe.
This experiment was designed to determine nonsystematic changes of upper atmospheric density by conducting studies of the drag on a  diameter, low-density sphere caused by short-term variations in solar activity.
King Boreas (Law), master of the storms, wrecks many ships and sends his sirens to drag the victims to certain death.
The facelifted Kodiaq can be had with a choice of 17- to 20-inch wheels and some variants have been updated for the sake of reducing drag, while the high-performance Kodiaq RS rides on a new set of 20-inch polished wheels finished in metallic black and equipped with aero plastic shields.
Water on Mars is the fourth studio album by Purling Hiss, which was released on March 19, 2013 in Drag City.
Weirdon is the fifth studio album by Purling Hiss, released on September 23, 2014 by Drag City.
Mike Mitchel must work to keep his family and friends safe as the winter storm and the cyber storm drag on.
He is a skilled tactician as he managed to drag out the war for weeks by withdrawing the forces under his command whenever the advantage swung to their side.
While in college, he worked as an actor and drag queen.
Financial experts believe, the application of the policy will drag more people into financial net.
Jamin Ruhren (born December 10, 1977), better known by the stage name Acid Betty, is an American drag queen, performer, actor and singer.
Ruhren went to his first drag club when he was 17, where he saw Raja perform.
Betty was announced to be one of twelve competing on season eight of RuPaul's Drag Race on February 1, 2016.
Chow stated that while the plot of this piece may seem extreme, "In 2004, people would also find it hard to believe that [the police can drag a protester into a dark corner and beat him up]", alluding to the beating of Ken Tsang and other incidents of police brutality during the 2014 Hong Kong protests.
George "Gabby" Hayes as Drag Harlan 
Coughlin started his career in drag racing, competing in the National Hot Rod Association's Jr.
Boody is a young Palestinian man from Ramallah, who periodically climbs over the fence between Jerusalem and Palestine to go to Shushan where he performs as a drag queen.
He is known for appearances in films and television, most notably as Jay in the Lifetime dark comedy-drama series Unreal (2015–2018) and as one of the main judges on Canada's Drag Race (2020).
In May 2021, Bowyer-Chapman and his Canada's Drag Race co-judges Brooke Lynn Hytes and Stacey McKenzie won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Host or Presenter in a Factual or Reality/Competition Series at the 9th Canadian Screen Awards.
The team says with air pressure at 140 Pascals, the pod could accelerate at 2.4 G and have 2 Newton aerodynamic drag when traveling at 110 m/s.
In Los Angeles, she met Rolando Victoria who would become her drag godmother until Victoria's death in 1982.
Together, Hector and Vázquez formed a group called Las AtreDivas (a portmanteau of the Spanish word atrevida—daring—and diva), which consisted of four drag queens.
Esta Noche was famously known for their drag shows; there were sometimes even six shows a week.
Many efforts were made to stop the closing of the bar; for example the "queens of San Francisco drag queens, Heklina and Anna Conda spearheaded a fundraiser to try to save the venue in May 2014.
As of 2021, he has more than one and a half million followers on Instagram and was the first Black Drag Race queen to reach the milestone.
In 2020, he began co-hosting We're Here on HBO alongside fellow Drag Race contestants Eureka O'Hara and Shangela.
That’s where I’m from.” His mother owned a drag bar in Columbus, Georgia.
Before becoming a drag queen, Caldwell worked in children's theater for years and "always found children to be a source of joy for [him]."
He was featured in Leland Bobbé's Half Drag Series with his name.
In the beginning of his career, Caldwell faced challenges as a drag queen.
Then at the end of the night, I was like, 'Give it up for... Bob the Drag Queen.'
In 2016, shortly after winning Drag Race, Bob released the single "Purse First" featuring DJ Mitch Ferrino.
Her TV comedy special, Bob the Drag Queen: Suspiciously Large Woman, aired on Logo in July 2017.
Bob also writes jokes for other drag queens including Trinity Taylor, Ginger Minj, and Monet X Change.
In an interview on RuPaul's Drag Race, he said, "Girl, I've seen people shot.
Prior to appearing on Drag Race, Davenport worked two nine-to-five jobs to support himself.
Julie Newmar, and the surname DeVayne came from the DeVayne drag family of Shreveport.
In her early days as a drag entertainer, she was a regular performer at the Central Station nightclub in Shreveport, where she became known for her backflips.
The BBC called her lip sync to "And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going", through which she eliminated fellow contestant Thorgy Thor, "iconic in Drag Race history".
She served as a drag mentor alongside Peppermint and Shuga Cain.
DeVayne credited her experience on Drag Race with helping her heal from some of the difficulties of her past.
Many fellow Drag Race contestants also expressed condolences; these included Aja, Alexis Mateo, Alexis Michelle, Aquaria, BeBe Zahara Benet, Bianca Del Rio, Cheryl Hole, Detox, Farrah Moan, Heidi N Closet, India Ferrah, Jaida Essence Hall, Kennedy Davenport, Monét X Change, Nina Bo'nina Brown, Ongina, Pandora Boxx, Peppermint, Priyanka, Roxxxy Andrews, Shea Couleé, Tatianna, Trinity Taylor, Trixie Mattel and The Vivienne.
Hernández began doing drag in Puerto Rico in 2006, and moved to Killeen, Texas in 2008, where he started performing at Oil Can Harry's.
Fontaine was invited back for RuPaul's Drag Race season 9 as the surprise 14th queen.
Fontaine is a regular guest at the RuPaul's Drag Cons.
Previous drag queens performed there in 2012 and 2015.
Kim Chi was the first Korean-American contestant on the show as well as the first Korean-American drag queen on American national television.
Shin started performing in drag as Kim Chi in Chicago in 2012.
Describing his drag aesthetic, Shin stated, "Kim Chi is a live action anime character whose fashion aesthetic could be described as 'bionic doily.'
Eventually, Kim Chi made it to the top three along with Naomi Smalls, but lost the title to Bob the Drag Queen.
The tour, hosted by Bianca Del Rio and Michelle Visage, also featured drag queens Alaska Thunderfuck, Alyssa Edwards, Detox, Latrice Royale, and Violet Chachki.
She reached the final three in the season, but lost to Bob the Drag Queen, and tied with Kim Chi for runner-up.
She became the first Drag Race contestant to finish as Runner up to both of her seasons since Raven.
Clicking on an item allows the player to drag it over the screen.
Alfred Goulet (1944-2021), Street Drag Racer Ottawa, Ontario
Daniel continued to drag and rhythmically chop the stem, ensuring it was developed in the proper key.
In 2005, Edward Tarletski started his career as a drag entertainer in the LGBT club named Babylon in Minsk, Belarus.
Unfortunately, he had to drag the brake to let McMurray pass him going into 3 to get a piece of debris off the grill of his car.
Each wheel, fitted with low pressure tyres and brakes, was on a cranked axle with a drag strut, both hinged from the hull side, and another leg which was vertical when the gear was down; the fuselage hinge also mounted an inverse V-strut, its vertex on the top of the vertical leg.
In 2020, it was announced that BBC Three had acquired the UK broadcast rights to Canada's Drag Race.
Roberta Leighton, 70, American drag racer.
After Party is the second studio album from American singer-songwriter and drag queen, Adore Delano.
On the premiere episode of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars 2, Delano performed the song "I Can't Love You" for the judge's panel and audience.
ARC timed the commercial trucking market perfectly, as a time when the industry was starting to realize the full importance of aerodynamics, by reducing drag, to save money on fuel costs.
In 2003, he landed the head coach job with German DEL side Iserlohn Roosters and managed to drag the team away from the relegation zone his first year.
The drag and ball scene are venues in which many queer and transgender people of color can find community as well as express themselves.
It was released on March 4, 2016, just three days prior to the eighth season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race.
It marks his third album to be released with a premiere of a season of RuPaul's Drag Race, after Born Naked (2014) and Realness (2015).
A music video was released the following day on World of Wonder's YouTube channel featuring every runway look worn by RuPaul over the last seven seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The drag reduction system (DRS) had two activation zones for the race: one was on the start/finish straight linking the final and first corners, and the second on the straight from the tenth and eleventh turns.
Cops drag Maris out of the cinema in which she shakes them off, and walks out of the theatre with Reena by her side.
She has also appeared in multiple television shows such as Nashville, RuPaul's Drag Race, Jane the Virgin, Victorious, and more.
When there was a slight drag in the road Armitstead attacked and rode away from Gracie.
One of the first to join the NFB's fledgling animation unit, under Norman McLaren, Verrall would work as animator on such notable NFB animated shorts as The Romance of Transportation in Canada and produce such shorts as Cosmic Zoom, Hot Stuff as well as the Academy Award-nominees The Drag and What on Earth!.
The shows consist of performance artists, dancers, drag queens, vaudeville, variety and sideshow acts, often performing outrageous, messy and lewd routines.
The film stars Tim Henry as Billie Joyce, a gay former musician who has been involuntarily institutionalized in an asylum by his family since showing up to his father's funeral in drag.
The Raptor was a canard design whose main wings have no flaps, a feature which may extend landing and take-off distances, but whose reduced drag may allow higher speeds and reduced fuel consumption.
Muller felt that the issues could be caused by not having raised the landing gear, which increased drag and not having the coolant air intake fully open.
Its technology allows users to build and deploy integration processes using a visual interface and a drag and drop technique.
Nigel Barker introduces the models to drag superstar Ru Paul, who teaches the girls about gender role reversal.
In October 2014, Jordan appeared on The Queen Latifah Show where he met Raven from RuPaul's Drag Race.
The album's release loosely coincided with the Sardines' prolonged stopover at Club Cumming, the East Village cabaret owned by actor Alan Cumming, a "wonderfully bizarre" establishment renowned for its drag shows, knitting nights, and downtown queer fusion.
However, West Hollywood is filled with suspects: an unstable lawyer, a couples’ therapist, a jealous ex, a sketchy best friend, a resentful lesbian couple, and a drag queen hypnotist.
Pierce), known for RuPaul's Drag Race, plays hypnotist Jasmine.
Nathalie Claude is a self-described "actress, director, dancer, choreographer, writer, and a sometimes MC, Drag King, clown, artistic coach and musician" from Montreal.
Lee Brewster, 57, American drag queen and transvestite activist, cancer.
People are trying to drag me in it.
The Hall of Fame will cover motor racing, motorcycling, rallying, off road, drag racing, karting and speedway.
Baking is not just used for drag performers, it has been adopted by many make-up artists and is now used throughout special effects make-up to set bruising and cuts so that the products applied to the face melt in seamlessly and look as realistic as possible.
Miss Fame features heavily on YouTube, not only with her own channel of tutorials and how to guides but also throughout other 'beauty gurus' channels where she 'paints' them and provides viewers with tips and tricks from the drag community.
The American indie label Drag City signed Israeli garage/noise punk band Monotonix in 2008 and released their debut EP Body Language.
The Biennale title was The Present in Drag and the locations were the Academy of Arts, the European School of Management and Technology, the Kunst-Werke Institute for Contemporary Art, the Feuerle Collection, and a sightseeing boat.
However, television and record producer Jack Good echoed Richard's thoughts on the record, describing "Don't Be Mad at Me" as "the best [recording] Cliff has ever made" and "A Voice in the Wilderness" as "an interminable drag of the first order".
She appeared as a guest judge on the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars.
A drag and drop mechanism is used to activate special weapons such as grenades, bazookas, and airstrikes.
Although she performs as a drag queen, George says she has never felt at home in gay male culture.
He needed to make improvements in his stroke technique to allow for less drag.
To support female Dallas firefighters she organized King for A Night drag king show in October 2010.
This structure, sometimes referred to as "spokes," adds to the parasite drag and weight of the rotor.
The President also said that it was "inappropriate" to drag him into disputes between political parties.
The experiment is to demonstrate the orbital maneuvering and drag compensation capabilities of a 3U CubeSat using an integral green monopropellant micro-thruster.
A GmbH was first established in 1959, and they built a drag lift.
Synchronous coefficient of drag alteration (SCODA) is a biotechnology method for purifying, separating and/or concentrating bio-molecules.
Under the current rules format, during each heat, two cars line up side by side in a specially constructed pit lane, which resembles a drag racing layout.
They used a carriage to carry Mr. GAPA (in a black suit) and Ms. GAPA (a drag queen wearing a gown).
Since these are social spiders, and therefore not very skilled in carefully securing prey without disturbing the web, they typically follow the drag, pull, bite technique in obtaining prey.
Manley, who was not involved in the shootings, also said his daughter had no involvement in the exposed cannabis operations, saying that "they are trying to drag my daughter through the mud, and I don't appreciate that."
The song - written from the point of view of a straight man who sees a straight friend perform in drag and is highly aroused by it - deals with the confusing nature, complexity, and evanescent quality of lust.
The spacecraft was first passivated, then two  IDEAS (Innovative DEorbiting Aerobrake System) inflatable booms were deployed to passively de-orbit the spacecraft by creating a higher drag profile.
Crab Day is the fourth studio album by Welsh singer-songwriter Cate Le Bon, released on April 15, 2016 on Drag City, Turnstile Music, and Caroline International.
To improve passing on high-speed tracks, aero ducts were implemented for the 2017 Indiana 250 to alleviate the drag rise on a close trailing car.
In one-way coupling, fluid affects tracer motion by drag force while tracer does not affect fluid.
Dodge press releases and spokespeople gave various hypothetical top speeds ranging from  to as high as , which analysts thought were probably calculated with horsepower and final drive ratio alone, without accounting for drag, rolling resistance, and stability.
Joe Teresi of Easyriders magazine, owner of  Campos' record-setting streamliner motorcycle, said the top speed estimate must have been based only on horsepower and final drive ratio, and ignored the "critical factors" of frontal area, drag coefficient, and rolling resistance.
The Taycan Turbo has a drag coefficient of , which the manufacturer claims is the lowest of any current Porsche model.
The frontal area is 2.33 m², with a resulting drag area of 0.513 m² and 0.583 m² for the Turbo and Turbo S, respectively.
It can be fitted with thin cross-section lines to reduce drag for competition flying.
Each mainwheel was at the end of a vertical oleo strut mounted on the forward wing spar, together with a rearward drag strut to the lower fuselage longeron.
Selected events will be live streamed online as part of the Garmin VIRB ANDRA Drag Racing Live Stream starting with the Rowe Memorial Super Stock Classic on November 19.
This system uses folding propeller which greatly reduces aerodynamic drag when not in use.
Vida was also a member of Pillow and Terminal 4 and recorded and performed solo as Bird Show and in the Drag City band Singer.
During the final battle on Lothal, Thrawn engages Ezra on his Star Destroyer, which is then entangled by the Purrgil that drag it into hyperspace to an unknown location.
Notwithstanding, when the police show up they capture just Wangarī, and drag her away.
The "Liquid Flow" design has drag coefficient of , making Baleno the most streamlined production Suzuki to date.
Series received generally positive reviews in its premier, however throughout its broadcast it received mixed to negative reviews where viewers and critics declared it as a drag.
These conditions were frequently encountered when the diver was obliged to surface in an unsuitable place due to earlier problems, and were often exacerbated by overweighting and/or the high drag of an excessively inflated buoyancy compensator, leading to exhaustion or panic which resulted in drowning.
 A set that is part television / part stove, so you will not have to drag Dad away from the TV for dinner.
After a drag race to the line, Kurt Busch took the lead from Earnhardt with 32 laps to go.
Hosted by Karla Constant and with the special participacion of drag diva Nicole Gaultier as coach and judge.
With less width and frontal area than a regular car, the Uniti One should be easier to handle and park in tight European cities, while having less drag and better range on interstate highways than most small electric cars.
In the documentary, one of the drag queens, Dorian Corey, explains that shade derives from "reading", the "real art form of insults".
Cherdonna Shinatra is the stage name of Jody Kuehner (born ), a Seattle-based, American dancer, drag queen and performance artist.
Keuhner incorporates many elements into her performances, including dance, theater, drag, burlesque, glitter, celebrity impersonations, audience interaction, and clowning.
He also appears on Stars in the House as well as Broadway Network Podcast Cerullo, in 2021, made his Los Angeles directorial debut at the award-winning theatre, The Blank Theatre with Scott Barry's Hard On Love starring Los Angeles Drama Critics Award-winner Rob Nagle and from RuPaul's Drag Race Brita Filter aka Jesse Havea.
In order to determine the characteristics of the traces the high power microscopes of the UPR-RP were used to carry out high magnification studies in which perpendicular striations were noted as part of a pointer drag technique.
Athletic had finished second the previous season, and though they gathered only five points fewer - all from losing instead of drawing games - this was enough to drag them down to 8th place.
D'Arcy Drollinger (born January 17, 1969) is an American actor, writer, musician, director, producer & choreographer known for his high-camp / vaudeville-style stage productions and films that combine slapstick, farce and often drag.
The group has worked with Drollinger as a professional drag queen as well as provided performances for programs organized by Peaches Christ.
The nightclub's diverse programming features drag stars, cabaret and performing artists, live musical acts, and DJs.
Clean configuration — is the flight configuration of a fixed-wing aircraft when its external equipment is retracted to minimize drag and thus maximize airspeed for a given power setting.
Drag force is proportional to the velocity for a laminar flow and the squared velocity for a turbulent flow.
The drag coefficient is always associated with a particular surface area.
Achieving a glider's best L/D in practice requires precise control of airspeed and smooth and restrained operation of the controls to reduce drag from deflected control surfaces.
Goddard problem —  In rocketry, the Goddard problem is to optimize the peak altitude of a rocket, ascending vertically, and taking into account atmospheric drag and the gravitational field.
Faster aircraft have retractable undercarriages, which fold away during flight to reduce drag.
 Flawless Sabrina, drag queen and LGBT activist (b.
Examples include viscous drag in mechanical systems, resistance in electronic oscillators, and absorption and scattering of light in optical oscillators.
Every night has something different in store, but Pulse is known to have some pretty impressive drag shows, and the bar's dancers are usually gorgeous."
 Dick Becker, American drag racer
Drag Queen in the Court of Death (2007, )
In early 2018, a compact thrust reverser for very-high-bypass ratio engines with large fans will test nacelle weight and drag reduction aboard a Boeing 777F.
Construction of the ESAero high aspect ratio, low drag composite wing was then almost finished, to fly the Mod 3 by mid-2020.
When cruising, the propellers closer to the fuselage could be folded back to further reduce drag, leaving those towards the wing tips to move the plane.
The wingtip location offers favorable interaction with the wingtip vortices, expected to provide a 5% drag saving.
The siege of Veii continued to drag on with no end in sight, but the previous year they had captured an elderly soothsayer from Veii, who reported that the city could not be taken unless the waters of the Alban Lake were drained.
Living in Darlinghurst gave Violet a passport into this cultural movement, and she was privy to drag shows as well as lucrative parties, becoming friends with the Sydney dominatrix Madame Lash (aka Gretel Pinniger).
The 4 soldiers tried to drag the body of Indian national when they were stopped by Indian locals who gathered at site after hearing gun shots.
 She doubles up drag flicker defending and winning performances at the 9th women Asia cup in japan last year.
In 1996, Panas met her future wife, Laurina, who was accepting of Panas' passion for performing as a drag queen at Mardi Gras.
Once I knew he had position, I knew he wasn’t going to leave it to chance and have a drag race."
At the sixteen-minute mark from a scrum win the English , Martin Gleeson made a sudden break from 30 metres out and was into open space, his run good enough for the momentum to drag him and his tackler over the try-line.
[Those talks should be] matter-of-fact [and] shouldn’t drag on forever."
In 1964 he began working part-time as a drag queen, performing as Mr. Vikki Carr mainly in straight nightclubs throughout the U.S. and Canada.
Several activists were not happy that Ert was a drag queen, and did not want their community to be represented as such, according to University at Buffalo Law Professor Michael Boucai.
Fox made a guest appearance on season six of RuPaul’s Drag Race for one challenge.
Zoe flails in the water as the weight of her dress begins to drag her underwater.
High atmospheric drag due to the low altitude of the achieved orbit precipitated the orbital decay of the spacecraft, yet, still achieved good results in some of the experiments.
In 1973, the first and only purpose built drag strip opened in Meremere by the Pukekohe Hot Rod Club.
The first New Zealand Drag Racing Nationals was held in the 1966/67 season at Kopuku, near Auckland.
 2010 Bona Drag by Morrissey (incl.
At that stage, acting in Wallachia was an all-male enterprise, and Aristia appeared as a female lead, in drag.
But instead of killing Pratt as planned, Muntor commits suicide by taking a deep drag on the poisoned cigarette he was going to force Pratt to smoke.
Opponents of the proposed date change have argued for protecting the constitutional provision and that any change would be mired by legal challenges and might drag on to the next elections and still require a referendum to decide, putting the country's stability at risk.
Hanzee runs after them and mortally wounds Ed, but Peggy manages to drag him into a grocery store and hole up in the walk-in freezer.
She and her mother drag the body and buried it into an abandoned area near the hospital.
Paul, Washington and Biggs open fire on the officers and manage to drag the injured Rick inside of the bank.
Today, it governs overs 120 competitive events forming the UAE motorsport calendar, and covering disciplines such as circuit racing, rallying, drag racing and motocross.
In support, the 80-strong Vo Thi Sau militia company, most of them women, was located nearby to help drag away the wounded following the battle.
To do this she sent black and red dogs to drag her victims, resulting even in an entire village being slaughtered.
Also, it would be quite impossible to drag anyone from France to England behind a horse before the Channel Tunnel was dug.
During the early tests it was decided to set a finer propeller pitch as the initial setting was producing to much drag on the engine.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB1, and PDB3.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB4.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB5, PDB6, PDB7, PDB8, and PDB9.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB7, PDB8, PDB9, and PDB10.
This is attributed to neuromuscular related drag issues.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB8, and PDB9.
This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB8, and PDB10.
 560 foot plow drag (235 pounds for men, 190 pounds for women)
Porsche introduced a third (and final) aerodynamic configuration that produced a large amount of downforce and less drag.
The film incorporates elements of psychology into its story and aimed to challenge public opinion of the psychology of drag performance.
Another, longitudinal, tube from the drag struts' meeting point braced the pyramid.
These S3 swimmers have leg drag when swimming as a result of their hips staying below the surface of the water during a race.
This path is modified by drag, which reduces the initial forward velocity over time, causing the path to become more vertical.
The Ballistics Aerodynamic Research Project (BARP) was a project to determine drag and stability of transonic missiles of various shapes and designs.
 La Grande Madre (Blue Drag, 2012)
I felt like I maybe had (winner Denny Hamlin) squared up a little bit off turn 11 and maybe could've drag raced him to the line.
The judges include famous Brazilian drag queen Silvetty Montilla, designer Alexandre Herchcovitch and the makeup artist Elisha Cabral.
Gysella Popovick was the winner of the season and was awarded with an international trip for two, a real wig "Lully Hair" and a show produced by a club in São Paulo, besides being declared Brazil's most complete drag queen.
A crossing route or crossing pattern refers to either a drag or slant route where a receiver "crosses" across the field during an American football play.
In this photograph, Ivy is in drag with a long-haired wig cascading behind her, epitomizing the sexual freedom and gender fluidity that Goldin admired.
Its mainwheels were on faired, cranked axles hinged from the central fuselage underside, braced by drag struts hinged further aft; these members were enclosed in balsa and fabric airfoil fairings.
It was covered and released by drag queen diva La Voix (real name Chris Dennis), star and semi-finalist of Britain's Got Talent and Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie, as a track on the 2018 album, Hello.
Her goal was to understand air flow, including thrust and drag forces, in order to improve United States planes.
Starting in 2018, the Finnish division of the FOX network began airing a new version hosted by Finnish drag queen Cristal Snow.
She is the daughter of Dick LaHaie, who started drag racing in the 1950s.
Her best result of the year occurred at a drag strip in Gainesville, Florida where she qualified in 14th position, and was quicker than Don Prudhomme and Scott Kalitta in the first and second rounds, before losing to race winner Eddie Hill in the event's semi-final.
The axles and drag struts were hinged from the same pylon used by the lower wing bracing wires.
The Nova Argon introduced in 2000 was DHV certified with unsheathed Kevlar lines, which greatly reduced drag in flight.
With the exception of Paolo Ballesteros, all contestants are gay comedians who are dressed in drag.
She freaks out and as Nick is calming her down, Joe arrives and knocks Nick out and tries to drag Alicia away.
I loved the way the film builds up the confusion but it tends to drag towards the climax.
Subjects included the playwright Edward Albee, photographed in his New York City living room playing a miniature piano, filmmaker John Waters, photographed packing plastic food into a suitcase, fashion designer Todd Oldham in his Pennsylvania treehouse, and drag queen Mother Flawless Sabrina (Jack Doroshow) using duct tape to give herself a facelift.
Lesser-known individuals include baristas, lawyers, and drag queens.
While his ability to absorb King's power is severed, Belial manages to overwhelm his opposition before Geed manages to drag his father into a dimensional void and, making a final attempt to reason with his father after seeing his memories.
In 2014, she worked with San Francisco supervisor Jane Kim to get the 100 block of Turk Street renamed to Vicki Mar Lane in honor of her late friend, drag performer Vicki Marlane.
He threatened to drag Morelli by her hair if he saw her again.
It was popular with drag queens.
La Femme Magnifique International Pageant is an annual drag pageant.
The wasp may then drag the spider back into her burrow, or she may dig a new burrow, before laying a single egg on the spider and sealing the chamber.
She was heavily influenced by the underground music scene around her, including the artists, poets, and drag queens who frequented the space.
Switch Player gave the game 2 out of 5 stars and summarized that "Street Outlaws: The List is a total drag.
The war with the Safavids continued to drag on until 1618.
Cantrell began racing on go-carts in his teen years later graduating to drag racing in 1982-1985.
Flawless Sabrina was a pioneer for transgender people and drag queens not only in the mainstream, heterosexual society, but within the gay society as well, where transgender people remained heavily stigmatized.
Sabrina was one of the first widely known drag queens in the United States.
The success of The Queen resulted in Sabrina accepting numerous invitations to speak on talk shows and make television appearances in drag.
Despite Sabrina's confidence with herself in drag on television and other engagements, she remained somewhat mysterious within the gay community, as recounted by Thom Nickels, author of Gay and Lesbian in Philadelphia.
He led the US-Russia-UK research team on compliant coating drag reduction.
Fold causes that do not contribute to significant fold growth in all three dimensions, such as en-echelon folds, drag folds and rollover anticline are not in these groups.
Groups can use the story maker to easily drag and drop verified reports into the template to write stories, blogs and press releases.
The New York Post editorial board wrote in June 2020, "Mayor Bill de Blasio’s favorite white elephant had turned into a real drag on the city" even before the COVID-19 pandemic, with the NYCEDC recording its first negative profits in 2019.
As on the production model, the air curtains at the front of the BMW M4 DTM are designed to reduce air drag.
Later Santana and Rachel both drag Elliott up to the stage in the diner to perform a song called Gloria for a customer.
RuPaul's Drag Race is an American reality competition television series produced by World of Wonder for Logo TV.
RuPaul's Drag Race employs a panel of judges, including RuPaul, Michelle Visage and a host of other guest judges, who critique contestants' progress throughout the competition.
Kameron Michaels (born 1986), American drag performer 
The winner of the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Sasha Velour, with Peppermint being the runner-up and Valentina winning Miss Congeniality.
{{Episode list/sublist|RuPaul's Drag Race (season 9)
Winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Season Nine: Sasha Velour'''
His first win for the team came on 7 August, on the third stage of the Tour de Pologne: on the uphill drag to the finish, Carapaz made an attack in the final kilometre and held off the peloton.
Thus, the historian Vladislav Sotirović wrote that "no wonder British politicians and diplomats tried by all means, including military coups, to drag any neutral country into war on their side for a final victory against Hitler's Germany".
Sunday Drag Brunch continues at other locations in the hotel.
It had fixed landing gear, with each mainwheel on a cranked axle assisted by a trailing drag strut, both hinged on the central fuselage underside.
Before the publication of Coconut Milk, McMullin had already been widely published, and his solo collections included a poetry chapbook, A Drag Queen Named Pipi (2004) from Tinfish Press and a children's book My Name is Laloifi (2005).
The single received significant support, however, based on the strength and crossover appeal of the music video, which featured cameo appearances by Pandora Boxx, Sahara Davenport, Jessica Wild, and Milan, all of whom appeared as cast members of the television program RuPaul's Drag Race.
2011: Jipsta is also a contributing writer for other artists as well, the most noteworthy of which being Pandora Boxx, who appeared as a contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race (season 2) Jipsta was the primary writer for the single "Cooter" for Pandora Boxx.
Latrice Royale was a contestant on Season 4 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Jacoby also wrote a feature story for Mystikk'''s Christmas issue that year, called "Røntgenplatens hemmelighet" (The X-Ray Plate Secret), featuring the agent Erik Drag as the protagonist, and also the crime novel Døden annonserer ikke (Death Does Not Advertise).
It was an amphibian with retractable wheels on cranked axles with rearward drag struts hinged from the fuselage sides and with near-vertical shock absorber legs.
 Ferd Napfel, 1960s American drag racer
Later, the group makes good on their threat when they take Piper by surprise, drag her into the kitchen and brand her with a swastika.
Santilla on the other hand primarily dresses in drag as a man and very little does she get to wear female clothing.
They were retracted by lever-operated cables into the engine cowlings, with the axle and drag strut lying on the wing underside.
 Shaz Bennett – Alaska is a Drag
Gibel stars on Little Women: LA and has also appeared as herself on RuPaul's Drag Race.
For this reason the cover artwork show Mina and Celentano in their younger and older version, with the latter in drag.
The music video which features drag queens, holds a political message in reference of protests and marches held for gender equality and womens rights.
The video features a cameo from famous drag queens Courtney Act, Alaska Thunderfuck and Willam, also known as The AAA Girls.
In 2022, the song was used as the official trailer for RuPaul's Drag Race UK vs The World.
Beauty pageants and drag
Gutterslut was attended by partygoers, drag artists and celebrities including the Pet Shop Boys whose singer Neil Tennant said of the party: "'These days, we often go to Berghain [the infamous Berlin club] on a Sunday lunchtime, or Gutterslut in east London.
Working with installation artist Tony Hornecker, he created his second solo exhibition, Beautiful Freaks, in 2009, which was first shown at the Dalston Superstore with photographs featuring drag artists who appeared at East London nightclubs around that time.
A short circuit also caused the landing gear to extend, leading to the aircraft's rapid increase in drag.
Spider-Man loses the fight with him, and Lizard gets to drag the chemist off to the sewers.
The animals try to find a way to repair the ark, and a walrus inside the water instructs some whales to drag the ark to land.
On the right we see the reference results for the drag coefficient of the airfoil, based on a large number of CFD simulations.
The mainwheels, equipped with brakes, were independently mounted on bent axles hinged from the central fuselage and restrained by drag struts from the forward lower fuselage frames.
Megan soon encounters Grainger who had invaded the building trying to drag Hannah's corpse through the building.
In March 2021 she was the theme of a tribute runway in a first season episode of Drag Race España.
Overall, the Poite 3 was an aerodynamically clean aircraft, with a high aspect ratio wing to minimise induced drag.
Let this weight not drag you down, but help to get your heels stuck in."
The real Zhang Youliang was actually obsessed with rocks rather than pigeons and once arranged for a team of 300 oxen to drag a rock down from the mountains to adorn his famous garden;  Zeitlin conjectures that the author may have confused the names of these two aristocratic aesthetes.
The 1977 mayoralty was notable for the highly publicized candidacy of Carmen Rupe, a transgender drag performer and brothel keeper.
The drag coefficient is 0.29.
The album opens with the country-infused cut "Bastards", which, as Katie Baillie of Metro analyzed, is "about not letting the bullies drag you down."
Gagged is an extended play (EP) recorded by American drag queen Violet Chachki, released on June 30, 2015, by Sidecar Records and Producer Entertainment Group.
The EP was praised by music critics for its upbeat sound and its single and their music videos; it was noted as a departure from music released by other contestants of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Music critics viewed the EP as a departure from the music released by previous RuPaul's Drag Race contestants, describing its sound as more experimental or moodier.
The single "Bettie" was chosen as an example of the best music released by a RuPaul's Drag Race contestant by the website Pitchfork's Andy Emitt.
Each wheel was mounted on its own cranked axle from the lower fuselage longeron and had a rearwards drag strut from that longeron.
He invented a surface propulsion system which increased speed and reduced drag and was installed on Richard Branson's Virgin Atlantic Challenger II.
In 1960 and 1961, Chrysler began offering RB-engine vehicles with its new "cross ram" induction system that had been developed by the Ramchargers Club - a group of Chrysler engineers - on their 1949 Plymouth drag race car "High and Mighty."
Its mainwheels, fitted with brakes, were on cranked axles and drag struts, both hinged from the lower fuselage longerons.
Fed minutes from the December 2019 meeting indicated "Manufacturing production appeared likely to remain soft in coming months, reflecting generally weak readings on new orders from national and regional manufacturing surveys, declining domestic business investment, slow economic growth abroad and a persistent drag from trade developments."
Derya Seyhan Arman (born 26 February 1980) is a Turkish transgender rights activist, actress, and drag queen, based in Istanbul.
He has made portraits of burlesque performers and drag queens; and street photography in New York City’s Times Square and the Bowery in the mid-1970s, eighteen of which are in the collection of the Museum of the City of New York.
September 4 – , 74, actress and drag queen, septic shock.
Users can drag and drop files in folders, categorize them with tags take notes by setting comment on each file.
The mainwheels were on cranked axles from the lower fuselage longerons, which also mounted the forward drag struts.
After sitting out most of the 2nd with foul trouble, Leroy Loggins lit up in the 3rd to drag Brisbane back into the game and Adelaide's lead was cut to 76–73 with one period remaining.
In 2009, Ortiz discovered she was transgender, noting that RuPaul's Drag Race helped  realizing this.
After becoming aware of his adoption, Miller began to dress in drag every day for several months.
In Bustle, Alex Weiss describes the collection as narrating a range of events in Dawson's life "from his most bizarre moments of childhood to dressing in drag for the first time, from clashes with celebs to coming to terms with his bisexuality and how he comes out to people."
She's engaged with the Wesen world at a level that expands said world without constant trips to the Grimm diaries, and her level of empathy for those less fortunate helps drag Nick and his cohorts back from more ruthless approaches to problem-solving.
Alternatively, a drag route may be used as a second option if the principal receiver on a play is covered.
Ross moved back home, and made friends with a drag queen named Traci Ross who helped her begin her gender transition at the age of 19.
It was reported that the crew entry door was jettisoned and a B-52 Stratofortress bomber, which took off prior to the KC-135, may have blown a detached drag chute from an F-105 Thunderchief against the departing aircraft.
The U 8 had fixed, conventional landing gear of the single axle type which was more refined than that of the U5, with a longer oleo strut to mid-fuselage and rearward drag struts.
The mace can be controlled using by using the ship's own momentum to drag it along behind, and rapidly changing direction to swing it at enemies and obstacles.
In 2012, Iovino began his racing career competing in the NHRA, driving Pro Stock, Pro Dial, and Super Pro Street Class drag cars.
Yang wrestled Mek to the floor and he and several other Wah Ching gang members tried to drag Mek outside.
 Alexis Mateo (born 1979), Puerto Rican drag queen, performer, and reality television personality
The use of ailerons also deployed spoilers on the "down" wing, which increased the aircraft's net drag and decreased its net lift.
The combination of these factors could critically increase the drag caused the plane to enter a stall condition.
A fire erupts as Seligman saves Eve using his mentor's lost shofar and the house burns down after demons drag Isabelle and Mort to Hell.
In the 2000s and 2010s, the bar has hosted wet T-shirt and underwear contests, "beer busts," and drag king shows hosted by Tommy Salami.
Many members of The Angels of Light, a free psychedelic drag theater group, originally lived in the Kaliflower commune.
In the film, her character, Jana Ryan, beat Contino's character in a drag race.
The series was termed as a drag by the critics and further fell in terms of viewership.
Club, John Teti gave the book a "C" grade, criticizing the sections of dialogue: "Harris’ acts of embroidery drag Console Wars down", but also stating that "the innovation and corporate skulduggery of the Sega-Nintendo clash is so entertaining that Harris’ functional prose still tells a lively tale".
ReleaseMirror was released on 17 January 2000 in the United States by Drag City and on 25 January 2000 in the United Kingdom by FSA Records.
Drag City remastered and reissued the album on 10 June 2016 as an LP in the United States.
When talking to a witness, a retired policeman who says Why keep working any longer than you have to DI Annie Cabott thinks of Banks: They'd have to drag him kicking and screaming out of his office soon.
Features like drag and drop interfaces help users visualize and build the application
"Queering the Castro" was a yearlong project with a mission to revive the Castro's queerness through a series of panel discussions, poetry readings, queer intimacy, drag queen storytelling, and bilingual performance.
To take advantage of his exceptional speed, the switch-hitting Holloway perfected the drag bunt to outrun the infield and get on base for those batting behind him.
Further refinements to the motion of the ball can be made by taking into account air resistance (and related effects such as drag and wind), the Magnus effect, and buoyancy.
If the Reynolds number is very low (Re < 1), the drag force on the ball is described by Stokes' law:
The buoyant force is usually small compared to the drag and Magnus forces and can often be neglected.
The axle was mounted via bungee shock absorbers to short vertical legs with and rearward drag struts, both attached to the lower fuselage longerons.
But unto Eve, this was an abomination, and a drag.
Michel Georges Alfred Catty (18 June 1931 – 26 January 2020), known as Michou, was a French singer, drag artist and owner of Chez Michou in Montmartre.
Aarons has played small roles in several horror movies, such as I Know Who Killed Me, Drag Me to Hell, The Conjuring 2, and Mulholland Drive.
Marcus J. Moore of BBC said, "Excessive interludes drag the runtime and make the project feel a bit unfocused – but these missteps don’t subtract too much from the overall premise".
The atmosphere has 1.45 times the pressure and about four times the density of Earth's, and local gravity (13.8% of Earth's) will make it easier to fly, although cold temperatures, lower light levels and higher atmospheric drag on the airframe will be challenges.
It includes features like a Digital Exchange, with online access to drag and drop AI, machine learning, and cognitive and disruptive technologies; a web-based tool that reduces the time to prepare for a RPA deployment; and an online community for sharing knowledge and best practices.
If I have to kneel, I will, just do not let this case drag on.
Trevor Eve said of his role in the series; "In one scene I had to drag myself out of the Tyne.
On the exterior, the side windows were redesigned to become flush with the body in 1981; while requiring a major redesign of components and tooling, the design change allowed for a reduction of wind noise and drag.
“50 Years of Funny Cars” in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.20-21.
In an extensive redesign, the second-generation minivans featured a major revision of the exterior, lowering the exterior coefficient of drag from 0.43 to 0.39.
The 2017 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Season was announced on June 8, 2016.
During a two-man dive from the North Sea rig Drill Master, the diving bell's drop weight was accidentally released, causing the bell to surface from a depth of  with its bottom door open and drag the diver working outside through the water on his umbilical.
Even as the buildup for Kantokuen was underway, the war against China and the diplomatic standoff with the United States and its allies continued to drag on, which put Japanese strategic planners in a difficult position.
The car includes a mix of active and passive aerodynamics to improve drag coefficient values over the F12berlinetta.
Her books are How to Drag a Body and Other Safety Tips You Hope to Never Need (2020), No Friends but the Mountains (2017), Home Girl (2008), and Fragments of a Forgotten War (1997).
 Logan Nonfiction Fellowship, 2020, to write How To Drag a Body and Other Safety Tips You Hope To Never Need
Didn’t work half as well this time, though, although there was nothing brutally bad to really drag it below a mediocre rating.
Balchowsky competed in street, drag and most notably in California Sports Car Club (Cal Club) and Sports Club Car of America (SCCA) races.
He drag and sports car raced it.
At that moment, Kato froze in the belief the referee would stop the action to disentangle them and drag them away from the ropes, but it didn't happen, which allowed Hélio to lock his choke during Kato's mistake.
Bowl-shaped rear wing design brought from its predecessors remains on F1 W08 EQ Power+ to create higher down-force and reducing drag.
Despite this, after many changes, the film was finally released in 2009 as Drag Me to Hell and directed by Raimi.
Two – Black-ish, Insecure, Jane the Virgin, Luke Cage, RuPaul's Drag Race, The Voice, The Walking Dead
Hides is known for his YouTube channel, and his participation in the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Hides also had a cameo role in the film Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie, as a drag performer.
1 is a remix album and greatest hits album by American singer and drag queen RuPaul, released on February 3, 2017.
Select and drag Sequence alignment editing for hand made dna vs protein alignments
Other historic sites include the Italian Caves, Devil's Dive, Upper California Crossing, a former Prisoner-of-war camp in Ovid, and the Julesburg Drag Racing Strip.
The drag rudders of the original design were replaced with more conventional units, and the nose gear leg was relocated to the centerline.
Steve Orlando came determined to take Midnighter and drag him straight to the top of DC’s characters.
When Nika arrived in London, she submerged herself in the London music scene and become a part of British bands like Blue Drag signed to Black on Black Records from original Hoxton Square crew and later Talismantra managed by then Prodigy’s manager Mike Champion.
On the show other drag queens lip-sync to remain in the competition, and it examines the issues of masculinity, male femininity, living with HIV, recovering from addiction, the transgender community and the fight for marriage equality.
Jennie Livingston’s award-winning documentary, Paris is Burning, examines closely the drag ball culture of New York City in the 1980s.
The Guardian rated the movie at two out of five stars, writing that "The acting is wooden and the special effects aren’t all that special, but it’s a spirited effort and doesn’t drag during its 78 minutes."
If it hadn't been for the drag queens, I don't know what we would have done."
At age 18, in Minas Gerais, Phabullo started participating in and winning some beauty contests in full drag, before beginning her professional career as a singer while adopting the stage name of "Pabllo Knowles", an homage to singer Beyoncé.
With the nomination of "Sua Cara" at the 19th Annual Latin Grammy Awards, Vittar became the first Grammy-nominated drag queen.
Vittar grew up listening to artists such as Aretha Franklin, Donna Summer, Whitney Houston, and Tina Turner, whom she imitated as a child before she even considered becoming a drag queen, as well as Gilberto Gil, Ney Matogrosso, Elis Regina, Alcione Nazareth, and Caetano Veloso.
She said: "They tell me a lot about their daily struggle to go out on the street being gay, being drag.
The top speed is lowered from the 720S's  to  due to added drag created by the added high downforce parts, although the 765LT weighs  less than the 720S at  in its lightest configuration and has a quicker  time of 2.8 seconds.
Rosita’s become something of a drag of late, as her rage and self-loathing have made her tediously one note.
In an event of rainy conditions, Drag Reduction Systems are automatically deactivated for safety reasons.
An elliptical cross-section could combine a twin-aisle cabin with the reduced cargo space of a single-aisle jet to reduce aerodynamic drag and operating costs, but would need more complex carbon composites instead of a simple cylindrical metal fuselage.
However, an elliptical widebody can have an equivalent drag due to a smaller wetted area.
Apple'N'Apps gave the game a score of 4.0 out 5 praising that the game "combines thought and timing skill", has "varied contraptions", and has a "high quality design" while criticizing the fact that "some levels can be tedious" and "solutions can also drag out a bit".
Principal photography took place August 8 to 16, 2016, with an all-woman crew documenting the work of Drag the Red volunteer Kyle Kematch.
During that time, he has to capture a victim to drag underground to eat for the next seven years.
Driven by Foster, the Gilmore car ran just once, getting up on its single rear wheelie bar and breaking in two at around , at Lions Drag Strip.
Her drag name comes from Kimora Lee Simmons and her favorite color black, with the "k" removed because "it added a twist".
She auditioned for Drag Race three different times.
Kimora's drag daughter is Amaya Blac.
Jaymes Mansfield was announced as one of the 14 contestants for the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race on February 2, 2017.
He left with a stripper friend, who helped start his career as a drag queen.
Farrah's first major performance was as part of a contest entitled "Austin's Next Drag Superstar", where he was placed as a runner-up.
Clayton has stated that his biggest inspirations in drag are Christina Aguilera and RuPaul.
Moan was referenced in the first episode of season ten of drag race, with RuPaul misleading the queens into thinking she comes back, to reveal Christina Aguilera, one of her idols, instead.
In September 2018, Moan performed as a background dancer behind Aguilera for Opening Ceremony's Spring 2019 collection, with other Drag Race alumni.
She appeared as a guest for the first challenge in the premiere of season 11 of Drag Race.
He comes from the same drag mother as season 10 contestant Dusty Ray Bottoms.
Alexis Michelle was announced as one of fourteen contestants competing on the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race on February 2, 2017.
"Diamond Crowned Queen" is a song recorded by American drag queen Raja, which was released on May 3, 2011, through the record label Citrusonic Flavor Recordings.
Raja said that he recorded the song due to the close connection between drag and music and his desire to experiment in the medium.
The single peaked at number 35 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart, making Raja the only RuPaul's Drag Race season three contestant to appear on a Billboard chart.
American drag queen Raven makes a cameo appearance in the video.
After winning the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race, Raja released his debut single "Diamond Crowned Queen" on May 3, 2011, through the record label Citrusonic Flavor Recordings.
Lyndsey Parker listed it as one of the eight listenable singles by a RuPaul's Drag Race contestant, describing it as "a deliciously trashy track".
Stacy Lambe of BuzzFeed described the single as "unexpectedly more gothic" than fellow drag queen Sharon Needles' music and "club-friendly", but criticized the lyrics as a "hodgepodge of boasts".
During a press release after the single's debut, Raja said that he planned to perform it while serving as a headliner on the RuPaul's Drag Race tour.
He is seen wearing clown masks and wigs made from plastic and later kissing drag queen Raven.
Rich Lopez criticized Raja's decision to appear without drag as breaking the illusion, but he also wrote that "Raja creates striking looks that are easy to stare at."
A writer for Queer Me Up wrote that Raven's inclusion turned the video into "[t]he ultimate Drag Queen Extrvaganza!
Bonet released her first single, "I'm a Drag Queen" on September 6, 2017, and the accompanying music video was later released on October, 18.
She started doing drag when she was fifteen years old.
Bonet was announced as one of fourteen contestants for the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2014.
On May 26, 2021, it was revealed that she would return as a competitor on the 6th season of Rupaul's Drag Race All Stars alongside 12 other contestants.
This causes a loss of competitiveness due to the quality of physical infrastructure has been a significant drag on economic growth.
By blending representations, stereotypes, and taking inspiration from drag culture, she further challenges beauty standard norms, while also showing others the “invisibility” she faced growing up.
At the end of the 1965 season Peter Lumsden joined Peter Sargent in racing retirement and 49 FXN was sold and in due course became one of the most sought after low drag light weight E-types of all time, known as 49 FXN or the Lumsden/Sargent car.
Ailerons on the lower wing were removed and strut bracing wires were arranged in pairs with wooden spacers between them, further reducing drag.
(2000) “Hydrodynamic Drag in Steller Sea Lions (Eumetopias jubatus)”.
Its single axle, enclosed in a fairing, was joined to the lower fuselage longerons by near-vertical, telescopic shock absorbing legs and faired, rearward drag struts.
The album was released on March 24, 2017, to coincide with the premiere of the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
These include the Red Bull Calendar Shoot, Engage Deodorant Marketing Campaign, Cornitos Calendar shoot, stunt shows at the Annual College Cultural Fest, Riviera; and special sponsor appreciation during the Official Rollout of the car annually which recently included a drag race between PRV18 and Volkswagen.
The couple hired singing waitresses, and some of the female waitresses dressed in male drag.
For instance, the Kirkus Reviews review of Swim that Rock reads, "while the distinct, clearly realized setting details distinguish this title from the vast schools of novels for young teens swimming in the publishing sea, choppy pace and perfunctory dialogue drag it down to the ocean floor."
Her portraiture series features a mix of notable activists and artists including musician and drag queen Trixie Mattel, marriage equality activist Sally Rugg, Olympic athlete Michelle Heyman and DJ, writer and actor Faustina Agolley.
In order to simulate nonwoven production processes the Fraunhofer Institute for Industrial Mathematics extended the Cosserat rod models by a stochastic drag model for fibers in turbulent flows.
The first episode was previewed in the US on VH1 on April 21, 2017 at 9 pm after RuPaul's Drag Race.
Sokolowski was born on May 3, 1934, to Stanley A. Sokolowski and Maryann C. Drag of New Britain, Connecticut.
After the Facebook Live incident, local activist and drag performer Maxi Glamour created a petition calling for Krewson's resignation that collected more than 30,000 signatures in two days.
He has also worked with American comedian and drag performer Miss Coco Peru on several of Coco's events.
Clustering the engines together atop the wide tail of a flattened fuselage enables them to reenergize the slow-moving boundary layer over the fuselage to increase efficiency, and allow a clean, low drag, high aspect ratio wing.
This time, he brings his real father, who is a folk dancer who dances in drag clothing.
The aspect ratio  of 9.2 was high for the time, lowering the low speed induced drag.
The interdigital membrane increases the surface area, which increases the propulsive drag the animal can generate with each stroke of its foot.
They can also achieve higher speeds underwater due to surface speeds being limited to their hull speed; at this speed, the wave drag increases to the point where the duck cannot swim faster.
In the week before the Grand Prix, race officials confirmed the inclusion of a third drag reduction system (DRS) zone.
Pose (stylized as POSE) is an American drama television series about New York City's drag ball culture scene, an LGBTQ subculture in the African-American and Latino communities, throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
The new body was much more attractive than the prototype, being a compact fastback having a drag coefficient () of 0.29 and a total frontal area of .
1 (50101) DB Bass Killaz – Bass Drag Racing (50059) DJ Dara – Renegade Continuum (50066) DJ Dara – Renegade Continuum 2 (50068) DJ Spinna – Heavy Beats Vol.
Mussenden has worked on numerous well-known films including American Psycho, Drag Me to Hell, and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
It was considered "one of the most significant drag racing events" of that era.
Making her debut in 1957, Glass Slipper was created by Califironia drag racers Roy and Ed Cortopassi.
The musical is inspired by the 2011 British television documentary Jamie: Drag Queen at 16 directed by Jenny Popplewell.
One student of the class, Jamie New, gets teased about his homosexuality and reveals to the audience all he wants to be is a drag queen ("And You Don't Even Know It").
Jamie, initially embarrassed by the attention, decides to be proud of himself, telling the school that he is doing a drag show at the local nightclub, Legs Eleven, that night ("Work of Art").
Hugo emerges, now dressed as Loco Chanelle, his drag alter-ego.
In Pritti's bedroom, Jamie rants to Pritti about how he is not allowed to go to prom in drag.
He is then confused as to why he paid for the dress and bought flowers if he is not supportive of him as a drag queen.
 R Mittal, S Balachandar  Effect of three‐dimensionality on the lift and drag of nominally two‐dimensional cylinders Physics of Fluids 7 (8), 1841-18 (295 citations)
"50 Years of Funny Cars:  Part 2" in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.
The game also features a drag race bonus stage which is only available in multi-player mode.
When the bar owner brings in a B-level drag show to replace his act, Casey finds that he has a whole lot to learn about show business—and himself.
They drag her to the basement, torment her, and cut off a finger as she tells them how sorry she is.
Jim Lightcap is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
Johnny Loper is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
Al Zerbarini (died 2 May 2012) was an American gasser drag racer.
Warren Turner is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
Dale Ham is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
John Mulkey is an American gasser drag racer.
Dave Koffel is an American gasser drag racer.
Cook drove to over 400 drag race victories in the famed Stone, Woods & Cook 41 Willys Coupe cars.
Richard C. Jasper (commonly known as “Dick") is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
Howard Johansen is an American gasser drag racer.
Dick Cadwalader is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
The company "achieved a new benchmark in aerodynamic efficiency for its luxury electric car...with tests recently completed at Windshear's advanced rolling-road wind tunnel, the automaker verified a coefficient of drag of 0.21."
Later reporting from Motortrend gives its drag coefficient as 0.20.
Finally, the winner is the team who can drag the kite of the opponence downward into its own area.
Dick Becker is an American gasser drag racer.
George Montgomery (nicknamed "Ohio George") is an American gasser drag racer.
Sam Parriott is an American drag racer.
She became a member of the International Motorsports Hall of Fame and the Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 1997.
She and her husband (who served as flagman {starter} for the Visalia drag strip on weekends) owned and raced two Chevrolets, one a 1955, later a daily-driven 1956 with a (then-new)  small-block V8.
In 1966, while match racing around the U.S., Shahan was a contestant on "Hollywood Squares" and "To Tell the Truth" (where, she confesses, Bill Cullen guess right she was a drag racer).
As of 2008, at 70, Shahan still competed in some nostalgia drag racing events.
In 1963, Jack Williams' Vancouver, British Columbia–based drag racing team (Williams-Devine-McDougall) rebuilt Williams' old slingshot rail with a new aluminum body (painted in blue metalflake), with a very long, pointed nose, faired-in engine, and blue-tinted Lexan canopy over the cockpit.
The design is aerodynamic, and also meant for lower drag coefficients and better airflow.
She performed as a drag queen during evenings.
After a local drag queen was invited as a guest speaker for a cosmetology class, community backlash resulted in more stringent regulations regarding school speakers.
Gray was born April 15, 1999, to professional drag racer and national event champion Shane Gray and his wife Amber of Artesia, New Mexico.
Diane Torr, 68, Canadian drag king, brain tumour.
Elizabeth Marrero (born 1963), Puerto Rican performance artist, comedian, and drag king 
Two Birds is the debut studio album by American drag queen, actor, and singer Trixie Mattel, released in 2017.
It had a large area aerofoil on each of its single wing bracing struts which could be rotated together or independently to give lift or drag.
Alexander "Sasha" Hedges Steinberg (born June 25, 1987), known professionally as Sasha Velour, is an American drag queen, artist, actor, and stage and television producer, based in Brooklyn, New York.
Velour's cut paper work was part of the group show "Coney Island Babies, Visual Artists from the Brooklyn Drag Scene" at the Bureau of General Services Queer Division that opened in Manhattan in November 2012.
She called producing the show a "milestone" of her drag career and moved to Brooklyn later that year.
Velour began producing a monthly drag show, NightGowns, in August 2015, at Bizarre Bushwick.
The show featured other notable drag performers (Lypsinka, Shea Couleé, Jiggly Caliente, Miss Fame, Farrah Moan, Hungry, and more) as well as a surprise performance from Christina Aguilera.
NightGowns followed Velour and a cast of drag performers across eight episodes as she transforms NightGowns into a full-blown stage act.
Her drag persona, Sasha Velour, is referred to as "she".
Owen Bowling is a pioneering American gasser drag racer.
Sam Jones is an American gasser drag racer.
Trouble Maker is an American gasser drag racer, driven to three National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) national AM/SP gasser titles by Joe Lunati.
The car is now on display at the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing in Ocala, Florida.
Ferd Napfel is an American gasser drag racer who won three NHRA national F/Gas (F/G) titles..
Under the stretching regime, viscous drag dominates causing the stream to narrow creating a smaller droplet.
Players then have to drag their opponents down their assigned-colored ramp to earn a point.
They capture Roo-mi and drag her into the suspended building.
 Belinda Scandal, drag queen
He currently competes in the Lucas Oil Drag Boat Racing Series and the ARCA Menards Series.
She is the co-founder of the Manitoba Coalition of Families of Missing and Murdered Women in Manitoba (CFMMWM) and the Drag the Red Initiative.
Tortured by feelings of guilt, Marat starts to drag his ship with his own muscles in search of the sea.
The result of this work was that the LM64s had a drag coefficient even lower than that of the Panhard CD, with a  of just 0.12.
Portland's drag event, set to a "Roaring Red" theme, inspired by the 1920s' elegance, was postponed until further notice.
While a reasonable success in land speed racing, the car proved too slow for drag racing, never able to top high-9 second passes or  (even with its body removed), when contemporary slingshot fuellers were routinely hitting mid-9s.
It was restored by Petersen in the 1980s, and now resides in the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing in Ocala, Florida.
At the 1964 Hot Rod Magazine Championship Drag Races, Wedge I set the low e.t.
The car now resides in the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing in Ocala, Florida.
Bigger engines and engines with a higher compression ratio can cause damage to components of the powertrain at a rough start over clutch from gliding vehicles kinetic power or trailing drag.
"Speed" velomobiles (compared to "cargo" velomobiles) are limited mainly by aerodynamics and rolling drag.
If a single wheel is misaligned it can steer the vehicle, but does not cause drag.
Or, a tricycle would need to be 40% wider to get the same stability; but since air drag is directly related to frontal area, making the tricycle wide would directly hurt aerodynamics.
The 9th Berlin Biennale for Contemporary Art, held in 2016, was curated by the collaborative project DIS and titled The Present in Drag.
In the main room, there is usually a drag show or contest on Saturdays.
 February 18 - Scott Kalitta, drag racer, in Mt.
This additional component augmenting mainly the hydrogen and helium exosphere is able to explain the unexpectedly high drag forces on satellites passing near the poles in their summers.
Writing a travelogue from the road for Peaches’ site, Varrati eventually began doing a regular column for the drag icon's audience.
where  is the dipole moment,  is the bead diameter,  is the angular frequency of the field precession,  is the rate of change of the filament path,  is the viscous drag coefficient and  is the unit vector of the plane perpendicular to the tangent of the filament curve.
In 1995, Zaldy, in drag, starred in a Levi's television commercial.
In the late 1980s, Zaldy met the American drag queen RuPaul at a night club in Union Square, Manhattan.
For his work on Drag Race, Zaldy has received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations and three wins, in the category of Outstanding Costumes for a Variety, Nonfiction, or Reality Programming.
In FCC crystals, two parts of dislocation move at same velocity, resulting in smooth averaged avalanches profile; whereas in BCC crystals, edge components move fast and escape rapidly, while screw parts propagate slowly, which drag the overall velocity.
Then he saw two bulls fighting over a heifer and waited till in the course of the fight both fell to the ground and became helpless, which made it possible for him to grab one of the bulls by the legs and drag it to the altar.
High Bias is the sixth studio album by Purling Hiss, released on October 14, 2016 by Drag City.
Raw 2007), allowing players to pick up or drag their opponent and place them in a specific spot.
He was inducted into the International Drag Racing Hall of Fame in 1994.
Doug Nash (died 12 July 2015) is an American hot rodder, drag racer.
Bronco Buster was the centerfold in Drag Strip's  February 1967 issue, as well as appearing on the cover in an inset photo.
"50 Years of Funny Cars: Part 1" in Drag Racer, November 2016, pp.
of the vehicles to be done, and from day 2, the event starts which consists of drag race, flat dirt race, endurance race, armageddon race, black out race.
They rarely made more than eight miles per day, frequently needing to rely on people (often hundreds at a time) living along the route to drag and pull and raft or float their cars across rivers and haul them through swamps.
About 1620, the "fachonos", the baroque equivalent of modern drag queens, organized big parties in the Gaia Lisboa, the gay Lisbon.
In time, the "Carnaval interlope" in Magic-City became a big event, visited by prominent vedette from the varietés, like Mistinguett, or Joséphine Baker, that handed over awards to the best drag queens.
In 2013 a photograph (to the right) was published for the first time: it depicts a group of cross-dressed men from Petrograd that were celebrating a drag party on February 15, 1921, during the first years of the Soviet regime.
The press published their photos in drag, and made snide comments for days, calling them all kinds of names.
The cast includes Gengoroh Tagame, drag queen and artist Vivienne Sato, transgender politician Aya Kamikawa, and photographer Leslie Kee.
At Salem, Massachusetts, cemetery caretaker "Old Masson" must deal with a teeming colony of abnormally large rats that are cutting into his grave-robbing profits; the subterranean rodents drag away newly buried corpses from holes gnawed into the coffins.
Roger Kean previewed Tower of Despair in Crash #9 (October 1984), saying it has "one of the most beautiful specially generated character sets yet seen on the Spectrum" noting that "the location descriptions and set pieces are atmospheric and designed to drag you screaming into the adventure".
The Effect of Turbulence on the Drag of Airship Models - MSc thesis.
They are unacceptable and seek to drag everyone into a new cycle of violence".
The pride celebrations began from 1 October and involved various events like art festival, love stories, rainbow run,  potluck, photo exhibitions, diversity fair, drag performances etc.
Leyva chose to go by "Valentina" in drag after the hot sauce of the same name.
Legacy Drag Race: All Stars winner Alaska Thunderfuck did a parody song of "Despacito" called "Valentina" in October 2017, with lyrics about Valentina and her infamous elimination from the show.
She is one of the most followed queens from Drag Race'', and has accumulated over 1.5 million Instagram followers as of October, 2021.
His drag mother is Jordan Kennedy.
In 2020, Trinity appeared in the Netflix original AJ and the Queen as a well-known pageant drag queen.
The project, a collaboration with her boyfriend Leo Llanos, has garnered her high praise from fans, Drag Race alumni and press outlets for its captivating imagery and reinvented fashion styles.
Trinity ultimately won the competition, beating out fellow Drag Race alumni, Manila Luzon and The Vivienne.
It could carry passengers and make long distance flights but its hulls added drag and weight, making take-offs with large fuel loads challenging.
The drag coefficient of the car is 0.267, frontal area is 2.36 square meters, and the minimum turning circle is .
These recordings caught the ear of the staff at Drag City Records in Chicago, who released an LP and CD in 1995 comprising "studio versions" of many songs previously heard on the Liimanarina's EPs.
The hydrofoil lifts the board off the water and enables the rider to achieve improved speeds in light winds due to the reduced drag.
Endless hours drag slowly by.
She auditioned for RuPaul's Drag Race ever since season five.
Drag Race alumni Alaska also referenced this moment in a line of her song "Valentina".
In RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked, Dease stated that the time he auditioned for Season 9 was the last time he was going to audition, since his auditions for previous seasons of the show were rejected.
The elimination went down as one of the shows most controversial lipsyncs and placed in Gay Times Top 10 Most Controversial RuPaul’s Drag Race Eliminations.
She bonds with drag artist Bobby Barnes after Bash rejects his offer to star in GLOW.
Despite his career as a drag performer, Bobby is married with a seven-year-old son.
Also at the drag race is King, a crime lord working for Mr. Kovar, who warns King not to waste his loaned money betting on races.
When Jenny leaves to get more beer, Jake finds her hanging by a noose over a milk crate, and King warns him that he and Jenny will face consequences if Jake loses the upcoming drag race.
Members of the House of Ladosha work in video installation, performance art, drag, and music.
Luthras are then angry and drag her out of the house.
Rauscher still found its more retro-sounding tracks to be "quite effective," while Hogan felt that they "tend to drag."
It depicts the experiences of the drag queens organizing and participating in the 1967 Miss All-America Camp Beauty Contest held at New York City's Town Hall.
In between rehearsing and performing, the contestants discuss topics such as draft boards, sexual identity, sex reassignment surgery, transgender identities, and being a drag queen.
Andrew Sarris from Village Voice stated "The drag queen contestants are eminently likable in curiously peripheral ways."
Regardless, the subtriangular outline of the tail frond, as well as the slots separating the tips of individual feathers, would have provided drag reduction when the tail was in use.
Aviance also Appeared on Jonny McGovern and Lady Red Couture's premiere Hey Qween TV's show Pimp My Drag!
Aviance responded to the incident by calling it "particularly offensive", and went on to add that "Williams has compared herself to a drag queen on the show multiple times."
 1997: Drag (Warner Bros.)
In 2009, Douwe Egberts introduced a conceptual coffee vending machine named BeMoved, which has touch screens with drag and drop features to select ingredients and interactive features such as the ability to access news, weather information and stock prices as the coffee is prepared.
During the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s the venue was home to the annual Porchester Hall Drag Balls.
The song was also used on the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race where contestants Brooke Lynn Hytes and Yvie Oddly had to lip-sync to it in order to avoid elimination.
 2012:  Anna Ternheim  -  The Night Visitor  ( V2 Records ) - tin whistle on track 8, God Don't Know 2013:  Dawn McCarthy  and  Bonnie and Prince; Billy  -  What the Brothers Sang  ( Drag City ) - mandolin, harmonium
Kevin Aviance - nightlife personality, drag artist and musician (U.S.)
Historically, the "Mother" of a ballroom house was usually a drag queen or a transgender woman.
An identical drag sail payload was planned to be included on the RemoveDEBRIS demonstrator.
The Charity has 3 Patrons including Steps singer Ian 'H' Watkins, Actress Lu Corfield and Established Drag Performer Rob Keetch 'Dr Bev'.
The strike began the next day and would drag out for ten weeks.
In 2020, their work was highlighted in an episode of Canada's Drag Race.
Swimming efficiency also affects diving ability, as low drag and high propulsive efficiency requires less energy for the same dive.
Ernesto gives the cabaret to the drag queens.
Referring to a moment later to be noted by Avila, Ernesto Diezmartínez discusses the show as breaking conventions of the telenovela when the drag queen performing as Gloria Trevi at Roberta's funeral is framed between Ernesto and Paulina de la Mora having a conversation.
The drag queens performed live during the show and impersonated other artists beyond their characters, as well.
Code Made Cool, released in conjunction with Scott's 2014 appearance on the cover of Asos magazine, was an iPhone app that taught girls programming via drag and drop in fantasy scenarios with animated pictures of Ryan Gosling.
The title track "Surf Route 101" was a cover of a song from Jan and Dean's 1963 album Drag City.
Walking too fast will drag the dog and decrease its mood, but walking too slowly will cause it to become angry and tug at the leash.
The rear wing of all Dallara GP3/16 cars were slightly updated for the 2017 season due to the introduction of the Drag Reduction System (DRS) used in Formula One and Formula 2.
Another event he documented was Wigstock, an annual outdoor drag festival that began in the 1980s in Manhattan's East Village that took place on Labor Day.
Vai Passar Mal is the debut studio album by Brazilian drag queen Pabllo Vittar.
became the first video by a drag queen to reach 100 million views on YouTube.
Film Inquiry also wrote a review, stating "On balance, there is more to like in Something Like Summer than dislike but it doesn’t make it easy: for the most part it feels sincere, wears its heart on its sleeve and considers some profound thematic material – but its issue with plot developments and characters drag it down considerably."
It was reissued with bonus tracks in 2012 by Drag City Records.
An approximate way to relate the sound generated to the flow characteristics is to perturb the standard drag equation with velocity perturbations as shown in the upper equation below (lift measurements for cylinders are generally not available).
Each time a vortex is shed, the drag velocity fluctuation u has the same sign, but the lateral velocity fluctuation v has opposite signs, since the vortex is shed on alternate sides.
Phillips found the lateral velocity fluctuations were two orders of magnitude greater than the longitudinal, so the lift dipole is 20 dB above the drag dipole.
The drag component may contribute as part of the driving force for musical instruments (discussed below).
A R&B song with rock influences, the songs uses a "languid bass line" over more adult lyrics, such as "It's no fun to drag it out anymore yeah?
On Spotify, the song has reached almost 80 million streams and has become the most successful song by a drag queen.
The music video reached 2 million views in two days and soon consecrated itself as the most watched music video by a drag queen with 26.1 million views, beating Vittar's own record with Todo Dia.
Two months after its release, the music video reached 10 million views on YouTube, becoming the most watched video by a drag queen, surpassing RuPaul's "Sissy That Walk".
The show finale was opened by Christina Aguilera accompanied by other drag queens and a festive atmosphere.
Darrell Russell, American drag racer and 2001 NHRA Rookie of the Year; in Houston (killed in accident, 2004)
The Lot at Zidell Yards is slated to host outdoor events during the COVID-19 pandemic, including drive-in drag performances featuring Darcelle XV and the Waterfront Blues Festival.
Investigators found out that when pressures were added to the brakes, then there would be an increase in drag force and temperature on the assembly.
These indications were consistent with the presence of drag force on the left brakes.
With newfound confidence, Ulysses prepares to vogue in drag in a ballroom scene club.
Each mainwheel was on a cranked axle hinged on the lower fuselage, with a drag strut fixed further aft.
As a result, the Drag Reduction Systems (DRS) used for assisting overtaking maneuvers will be revised, with use now within three seconds of a driver in front.
Freddie's relationship with the band sours further after the campy music video for "I Want to Break Free", where the band appears in drag, backfires and he signs a $4-million solo deal with CBS Records, effectively breaking up the band.
They drag her out, and force her to reveal that Mr. Soissons is dead, and that he had two "sons", one of whom is her.
Geoff Jenke from Event Adelaide said the album was a "stellar set of songs beautifully recorded" but said "the problem is they are so faithful to the originals, it has you wanting to drag the originals out and play them."
The purpose of the series is to find the best "transformista", or drag entertainer, of Chile (Season 1) and of Spanish language (Season 2).
The biggest drag about Eighties psychedelia is that for every dozen bands that talk about blowing minds (reciting the proper influences, trotting out the hip covers), there are really only one or two that can blow anything other than hot air.
Each main wheel was mounted on a hinged steel cranked axle and a backward-reaching drag strut, both from the central fuselage underside.
Systems that actively pump fuel between separate fuel tanks in the aircraft can be used to offset this effect and reduce the trim drag.
Alongside the drag strip is a state-of-the-art clay oval that hosts dirt racing including the World of Outlaws finals among other popular racing events.
Brazilian singer and drag queen Pabllo Vittar has released four studio albums, three extended plays and eighteen singles.
", surpassed the success of "Todo Dia" and made Vittar the first drag queen to enter the Brazilian charts, reaching number 67 on Brazil's Hot 100 Airplay.
This engineering decision led to less drag compared to a separate pylon and nacelle as well moving the engine and propeller above the spray generated in water operation.
Evans worked on NHRA's syndicated TV shows for more than two decades and covered NHRA drag racing on TNN, ABC, and NBC.
The remaining clowns drag a bound and gagged Bob to the attic and they take turns stabbing him on camera.
When USA Records released The Buckinghams from their contract, the band had a #1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 charts with Kind of a Drag.
Nestor played keyboards for a short time for The Buckinghams in the early years after the original keyboard player, Dennis Miccolis, left shortly after the Chess Studio recording sessions of Kind of a Drag.
"I was dinking around on a spinet piano in a music practice room at Lyons Township Junior College and wrote Kind of a Drag.
He orders the others to drag Vincent's body away.
The slot in the rear wing was widened, making the drag reduction system (DRS) more powerful.
Whenever he had a chance of getting promoted, his father's record would always drag him down, so he accused innocent people as communists to show his loyalty for the government.
He was also a drag performer.
During high school, she identified as a gay man, and performed in drag.
At the age of 24, Bergdorf began gender transitioning, and was the subject of an episode of London Live show Drag Queens of London.
The objectives of the CubeSail mission are to demonstrate the concept of solar sail propulsion of a 3-axis stabilised 25 m2 solar sail for one year while in low Earth orbit; and to demonstrate the use of gossamer structures (very light gauze-like fabric) as a drag augmentation device for satellite de-orbiting.
The stronger set of these forces result in non-negligible tidal accelerations and the varying aerodynamic drag of the space station, which fluctuates over the course of an orbit due to the changes in the space station's aspect angle, diurnal cycle, and variable solar activity.
Gas Ronda, 91, American drag racer.
She is most well known for competing on the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, in which she placed fourth.
Her drag career began in the early 2000s, when she entered and won an amateur contest at the Rose Room in Dallas.
Her drag grandmother is Texas pageant legend Sweet Savage.
O'Hara owns her own costume design company, Helen of Seven, in which she creates custom design pieces for clients including dance teams, color guards, ice skaters, and other drag performers.
O'Hara hosted the red carpet for the RuPaul's Drag Race season eleven live finale.
In June 2020, O'Hara was announced as a cast member for Voss Events' Drive 'N Drag, a traveling summer drive-in tour created to accommodate the conditions of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Since appearing on RuPaul's Drag Race, Asia O'Hara became the subject of racist attacks over the internet.
The next day Apuleius' officers tried to drag him out of the senate-house, but the other tribunes defended him.
The two then dance in drag, drink, and engage in role play with a second woman named Rhonda (portrayed by Nikki Tuazon).
Note: In 2019, the spin-off series RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars received a nomination for Outstanding Picture Editing for a Structured or Competition Reality Program for the episode "Jersey Justice" competing with the main series.
While continuing to work in advertising, Banks pursued photography, working on subjects including drag racing, rock musicians, and  Brazilian entertainers.
Smith, best known for driving his "Hot Stuff" 1967 Chevy Camaro, has won 17 IHRA and NHRA national events in his career and 31 IHRA and NHRA class wins, making him one of the most successful sportsman Drag racing drivers in the history of the sport.
Two years later, Smith, along with fellow racer, Rick Hendrick was inducted into the East Coast Drag Racing Hall of Fame.
The circuit included three drag reduction system (DRS) zones for the first time.
This brought increased risk as DRS reduces drag by cancelling out aerodynamic grip at a time when aerodynamic grip improves the car's ability to take corners at speed.
Sahir Palijo called it "quite entertaining" while rating 3 out of 5 stars, and commented that "The first half is very enjoyable and leaves you excited", but "the second half is a drag and doesn't have much to offer."
This compressor diverts airflow at high speed through ducts in the vehicle out through exhaust nozzles in the back thus reducing the effect of drag on the pod.
Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "good" 7.3 out of 10 and wrote in his verdict, "The first live-action Professor Pyg certainly looked and sounded cool, but the attempt to weave him into the ongoing plot involving the corrupt GCPD only diluted his demented nature and turned him into a drag.
As Jeremy proceeded with slowly re-dressing himself into a drag queen during the duration of that particular evening, he drunkenly proposed to Suryakant that he would record and help produce some demos for him.
The damping is primarily due to Stokes drag, as damping is non-observable under vacuum.
Bunny and Lord Amersteth drag the waiter downstairs, and give him to two other servants.
Her work, family and lover drag her to the pit of her life.
In Fit, one team member at a time had to memorize and complete four fitness test exercises including 20-meter rushes, sandbag lifts, intermittent loaded shuttles, and a sandbag drag.
The later modifications of gravity model include taking other non-conservative forces acting on spacecraft into account, including atmospheric drag, solar radiation pressure, Mars reflected solar radiation pressure, Mars thermal emission, and spacecraft thrusting which despins or desaturates the angular moment wheels.
Mobirise is essentially a drag and drop website builder, featuring various website themes.
The group is composed of RuPaul's Drag Race alums: Courtney Act, Willam Belli and Alaska Thunderfuck.
After their arrival, various members of the Sanskar-sena arrive at the park and drag all the couples to a pavilion to get them married.
The third season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars began airing on January 25, 2018.
Consisting of 30 tracks, the album is a sequel to Christmas Queens (2015) and features RuPaul's Drag Race contestants alongside Jackie Beat, Michelle Visage, and Carnie Wilson performing mostly original material; exceptions include ensemble covers of "Deck the Halls" and "Auld Lang Syne, as well as Visage's rendition of "O Holy Night".
Maunier called the compilation "an hour-long celebration of camped up holiday cheer" and a "sprawling, indulgent, and incredibly campy ode" to Drag Race, with many references to the show's "iconic" moments and in-jokes.
Die hard Drag Race fans will surely enjoy seeing their favourites come back again, but for the most part Christmas Queens 2 is still a follow-up that loses the spark that made the first one so interesting."
Fung Hak On as Insane drag at brothel (Second Challenger)
Carol and Jerry are then forced to drag a tearful Ezekiel away.
The musicians are as good as you'd expect, especially Portnoy, who almost seems to drag the rest of the band along with him, and Thal, whose playing veers from ugly metallic crunch to stunningly fluid solo.. (the album is) fierce, loud, bewildering, brilliantly performed and monstrously entertaining".
We also spoke with the local police division about why they refuse to drag the river themselves and what's going on with the unsolved cases for missing and murdered aboriginal women.
The singers dress in drag to reinterpret old Korean traditions, in what The New York Times describes as an “irreverent but intriguing hybrid.” Music critics Anastasia Tsioulcas and Bob Boilen in NPR’s All Songs Considered describe SsingSsing as “very glam, very rock and roll and very ready to play with the concept of gender.
To the east this main drag runs through the length of several downtown districts out into the St. Clair-Superior and Glenville neighborhoods of the city.
Alton Fitzgerald White as Police Officer, Mr. Jefferson, Support Group Member 2, Homeless Man, Vendor, Cook, Drag Queen, The Pastor
On June 15th the 4 tonne second stage re-entered the Earth's atmosphere, it's orbit having gradually decayed due to atmospheric drag, with an uncontrolled splash down in the Coral Sea east of Australia
Her former employer, The Age'', wrote that she had "helped to drag newspaper women's pages from an unleavened diet of domesticity to hard-edged coverage of women's issues".
Melanie Troxel became interested in drag racing while working on cars for her father's race team.
Troxel was married to fellow drag racer Tommy Johnson Jr. between 2003 and 2009.
Growing condensing droplets with a typical diameter of 0.01 mm – 0.2 mm levitate at an equilibrium height, where their weight is equilibrated by the drag force of the ascending air-vapor jet rising over the heated spot.
She has also performed in cabaret events including the 2019 ASL Deaf Drag Performance at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre in Toronto, Ontario.
In 2014 and 2015, it organized a drag show and a transgender/transvestite fashion show.
At night, several "skulls" grab Ivan and drag him into the boiler room.
Like the Grindylow, Peg Powler and Jenny Greenteeth she will reach out with her long sinewy arms and drag children beneath the water if they get too close.
This design minimizes frontal area to reduce aerodynamic drag while maximizing exposure of the solar cells to solar irradiation.
Not one match other than Rey/Konnan manages to be even competently executed and that one is a bit of a drag because it's all psychology instead of lucha flips in the one place it would make sense.
Boy George appears in the film briefly both in drag and as himself.
In March 2020, Bad Bunny released the music video for "Yo Perreo Sola", in which the artist performs in drag.
Openly gay singer Ricky Martin has stated that Bad Bunny "has become an icon for the Latin queer community" due to his outspoken support of gay and transgender Latinos as well as his embrace of drag culture.
Natural Information Society's albums have been released by Eremite Records and a collaboration album with Bitchin Bajas was released by Drag City.
The Marquardt XRJ30 ramjet engine was mounted below the aft fuselage, and  the vehicle was fitted with drag brakes to prevent exceeding the engine's design limits.
At the end of the ceremony Gilmer dismounted, attached the reins to the saddle so they could not drag or catch Cash for Keeps' feet, and allowed the horse to exit the arena by himself.
He ultimately uses the Skycycle X-2 for the jump but the parachute deploys early and the drag prevents Knievel from reaching his intended landing spot.
In the music video for "Sweat", Ritter plays a man named Robert, whose alter ego (Betsy) is a drag queen.
She began her drag career in popular nightclubs from the decade such as Bunker and IV Milenio, and later developed a successful television career.
In March 2021, Juego de Reinas, the first drag reality show in Argentine television, aired in Salta's Canal 10 free-to-air channel.
His first experiments were with a modified Caudron wing but the external mechanism he used increased the drag unacceptably.
A less important problem was that as electronics improved it became possible to move to higher frequencies in the UHF region, which allowed for smaller antennas and thus less drag on the aircraft.
Darcelle's won in the "Best Drag Show" category of Willamette Week "Best of Portland Readers' Poll 2020".
Easily drag and drop between all applications – it’s never been simpler to multitask online.
On 7 September 1887, the Tyersall Drag Hunt Club was established there by the Committee.
It was released on September 22, 2017 through Drag City Records.
She has appeared on stage at Outsidelands music festival for a cooking demonstration with Drag Queen Alyssa Edwards.
Drag Nach Osten and his companion, Unentschieden led to the Europa Series games, a giant WWII game.
This brought increased risk as DRS reduces drag by reducing downforce, with aerodynamic grip improving the car's ability to take corners at speed.
Their drag king workshops often include discussions about gender identity and gender performance.
Donatella appears in a minor supporting role in season five, where she organises several events and showcases for the show's female cast members, and also provides an opportunity for JayWill to debut his drag persona, Kandie.
Episode 14: Drag Edition 
The final started with a drag queen fashion show.
This form of torpedo solves the problem of high underwater drag by means of the supercavitation effect, where underwater at a velocity of around 180 km/h a cavity filled with steam surrounds the moving object.
Cancel culture came after my band...However, this is my fight, I realize I cannot drag my band members or the people around me into this.
The Automotive Dictionary defines it as a "very small aerodynamic appendage that's fitted to an airfoil to increase downforce without affecting drag resistance."
She began her career in drag in the year 2007, where she took part in her first gig.
Frankel oversaw the hosting of drag pageants at the Seahorse Cabaret.
Drag performances were the most common form of entertainment at the Seahorse.
LGBTQ oral history interviews conducted by Katie M. Lee revealed that it was routine for the police to harass and intimidate drag performers.
In 2005, Hitchins spent a summer performing in with the drag trio The B-Girlz in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
Drag Race Thailand is a Thai reality competition show based on the American version with RuPaul.
Heals also addressed the idea that drag and "ladyboys" are the same thing, saying "Thai people are really accepting of transgender girls, especially with the popularization of the Miss Tiffany's pageant shows."
The show was adapted from the American version RuPaul's Drag Race, with references and inclusion of RuPaul's music throughout the show.
 Drag Race Thailand at IMDb
Alonso and Vandoorne qualified in thirteenth and fourteenth once more in China, as the team struggled with excess drag, particularly on the circuit's long back straight.
Sajzor became one of the first two drag queens in Serbia, while she was debuting on social media.
Since then she felt the urge to start doing drag.
An artificial lake, Lucas Lake was added to host drag boats and motorboat circuit racing.
It is the world's first artificial lake built for drag boat racing.
The popularization of carnival in Brazil allowed drag performers to enter the public eye under the guise of costumes and celebration.
It features 13 tracks, including the single "Hide", the music video of which depicts four drag queens coming out to their families.
It provides extra sheathing for the bulbous bow and the propellers to reduce drag.
Fahri's good intentions often make misunderstanding and drag into more complicated issues and endanger his life.
The TranStar is a heavy-duty highway semi-tractor with a low drag hood.
They use the improved NGV cab with single door windows and a low drag hood.
 Hot Chocolate, drag queen
 зэлъэфэлӏэн: to drag to oneself.
The 2018 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Season was announced on June 6, 2017.
On January 16, 2018, Old Bridge Township Raceway Park in Englishtown, New Jersey ceased all drag racing operations at the facility due to ongoing safety concerns as well as rising maintenance costs.
In her 2018 "definitive ranking" of all the RuPaul's Drag Race musicals for In Magazine, Bianca Guzzo ranked the divas tribute number six and wrote, "This was another Rusical that had potential to be great.
It was described as the first Russian film about drag queens.
Everyone has his own way of getting into a drag show, everyone has his own goals in life, everyone has his own destiny.
In the end, Gelya becomes the youngest participant in the drag show and begins to perform regularly.
The idea for the film was born from real stories of drag artists with whom the director Felix Mikhailov met in a nightclub.
In 2021, she appeared as a guest judge in a second season episode of Canada's Drag Race.
She tries to drag Riku and Yukio to the soccer club at first, but ends up getting interested in GBN instead.
The play tells the story of three drag queens traveling from Sydney to a tourist town in the remote Australian desert to perform.
 Old Man Drag		1975, Music: Jelly Roll Morton
Even though Vale Royal had received permission from the Bishop, the King and the Pope, Gloucester Abbey still objected, and the case was to drag on many years after Thomas' death 9not being resolved until 1399).
Born in Warsaw, Indiana, they began their drag career in 2012.
Since then, they have continued their musical career, starred in their own web series, podcast, and embarked on domestic and international tours, including Werq the World, Haters Roast, and A Drag Queen Christmas.
While on tour, Merrell and fellow Drag Race contestant Farrah Moan were harassed by a woman at a kebab shop in Newcastle in April 2018 who first yelled at and then tried to hit the off-duty queens.
Before doing Drag full-time, Couleé also worked part-time as a sales associate and customer service representative for an adult store "Tulip".
In September 2018, Shea Couleé performed as a background dancer for Christina Aguilera for Opening Ceremony's Spring 2019 collection, alongside other Drag Race alumni.
Billboard named "Creme Brulee" as the best Drag Music Video of 2018.
An autobiographical show, it combined song, story, and comedy, revolving around their upbringing and how they got into drag.
In November, Couleé was recognised with the GAY TIMES Honour for Drag Hero at the fourth annual GAY TIMES Honours.
Shea currently has over 1.4 million Instagram followers and is one of the few black Drag Race queens to reach the milestone.
In 2020, Couleé participated and spoke at the Drag March for Change in support for the Black Lives Matter movement.
Couleé-D is an extended play (EP) by American drag performer Shea Couleé, released on June 23, 2017.
The visual album Couleé-D has three tracks with accompanying music videos: "Ride", "Cocky", featuring fellow RuPaul's Drag Race contestant The Vixen as well as Lila Star, and "Feeling So".
She said of the second song: "'Cocky' actually came about because [during Drag Race], there was a contestant that had been kinda running her mouth in the streets about me and calling me 'Cocky' after her exit.
Out Rose Dommu said the music videos "[cement] her as one of the most versatile, talented and hard-working queens in Drag Race'' herstory".
Donigan first gained attention when he appeared on season six of RuPaul's Drag Race in 2014.
Outside of Drag Race, Donigan has modeled for Marc Jacobs's Spring/Summer 2016 Campaign and Vivienne Westwood's S/S 2018 campaign.
As the months drag on, the fund manages to attract only a fraction of the necessary applicants, leading Feinberg to hold a private meeting with Wolf in which the latter accuses Feinberg of serving only the interests of the Bush administration.
The officer who was allegedly attacked by Cruz had asked him to "not drag his sandals on the ground" while he was walking in the jail's dayroom.
The tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race began airing on March 22, 2018, on VH1.
Asia O'hara, Monique Heart, Monét X Change & Vanessa Vanjie Mateo returned as mentors on RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race.
"Handmaids to Kitty Girls" is the sixth episode of the third season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, which aired on VH1 on March 1, 2018.
RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars
The winner of the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Yvie Oddly, with Brooke Lynn Hytes being the runner-up, and Nina West being Miss Congeniality.
The Floyds Knobs, Indiana native made his Pro Stock debut in 2015 at the NHRA Southern Nationals in Commerce, Georgia after previously competing in the Sportsman categories of the NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series.
After this, she made a one-episode appearance on Skin Wars with fellow Drag Race contestants.
In July 2020, she returned to the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars as a Lip-Sync Assassin.
Another one of Kennedy's drag sisters, Bianca Gisele Davenport Starr, was murdered on December 8, 2017.
Galligan's first drag performance was as Frank N. Furter from The Rocky Horror Show.
Thorgy was brought back for the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, revealed on October 20, 2017.
She was out of drag in the music video for Trinity The Tuck's "I Call Shade" in February 2019.
Aja began doing drag in Manhattan at age 16, participating in contests at Posh Bar, the Stonewall Inn, Metropolitan Bar and Sugarland.
Aja placed ninth that season and subsequently returned to participate in the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
In July 2018, Aja announced that they no longer wish to be known as a drag queen but rather as a queer artist, stating to them.
The track was produced by DJ Mitch Ferrino, who was featured on "Purse First" by Bob the Drag Queen.
Crystal LaBeija was an American drag queen and trans woman who founded the House of LaBeija in 1977.
In the 1960s and 1970s, drag queens of color were expected to whiten their appearance to help their chances at winning competitions and they often faced racist environments.
LaBeija continued to work as a drag performer and activist throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
The article reported that LaBeija was still "a fixture in the drag world" and had a reunion of sorts with contest winner Harlow.
He is best known for competing on the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
He was also with fellow Drag Race alumni in an episode of Skin Wars.
The idea of "queering" deepfakes is also discussed in Oliver M. Gingrich's discussion of media artworks that use deepfakes to reframe gender, including British artist Jake Elwes' Zizi: Queering the Dataset, an artwork that uses deepfakes of drag queens to intentionally play with gender.
The band has released music with New Zealand company Flying Nun Records and American labels Merge, Siltbreeze and Drag City, and have toured New Zealand twice as the backing band for American alt-folk star Bonnie Prince Billy.
Drag Race alumna Alaska is featured on the album's sixth track, "America's Sweetheart".
St. Clair was raped at a college party, which she shared on RuPaul's Drag Race.
Eureka, also known as Eureka O'Hara and Eureka!, is the stage name of David Huggard (born August 26, 1990), an American drag queen and reality television personality.
After becoming the first queen in the history of Drag Race to be removed from the competition due to an injury on the ninth season, Eureka returned to compete on the tenth season in 2018, placing as a runner-up.
Huggard was born August 26, 1990, in Bristol, Tennessee, and started performing in drag at the club New Beginnings.
Eureka's drag mother is Jacqueline St. James, a former winner of the Miss Gay USofA at Large competition.
They have also competed on the Rupaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular.
They were removed from the competition in episode five due to a torn ACL from the episode two challenge, making them the first contestant in the history of RuPaul's Drag Race to leave due to an injury.
In December 2018, Eureka competed in the television special RuPaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular.
In June 2021, Eureka was revealed to be one of the thirteen cast members of the sixth season of Rupaul's Drag Race All Stars.
They released their second solo single, "The Big Girl", co-written by Bob the Drag Queen, on June 28, 2018.
In November 2018, VELO released the single "Where My Man At", featuring O'Hara and Drag Race season three runner-up Manila Luzon.
Huggard cites Divine as an influence to their drag aesthetic.
At the start of Young's drag career, a more seasoned performer made his costumes, but he taught himself how to use makeup.
After a few months, he switched the name to Kameron Michaels, as he wanted an androgynous first name paired with a last name used by no other drag queen in Nashville.
He credits the Southern variety of drag he learned in Nashville with making him well-rounded, stating that it equipped him with diverse skills such as dancing and costume-making.
Later that year, she recorded the track "Let It Snow" on Christmas Queens 4, a compilation album featuring Christmas songs sung by former Drag Race contestants.
She also co-stars in RuPaul's Drag Race: Vegas Revue, a VH1 miniseries about the live show.
He began visiting the gym with a boyfriend who pressured him to stop doing drag.
In the months that followed the airing of Drag Race season 10, his workout routine temporarily fell by the wayside as he adjusted to life on tour.
In July 2020, Young deleted much of the content from his Kameron Michaels profiles on Instagram, Twitter and YouTube, coincidentally on the day that RuPaul did the same; this generated discussion and speculation among Drag Race fans and followers.
She got the drag name "Mayhem Miller" from Tommy Lee and Pamela Anderson's sex tape.
She auditioned for Drag Race every year beginning with season two.
She played the character Blanquisha in the 2017 movie "Cherry Pop" with Detox, Bob the Drag Queen, Latrice Royale and Tempest DuJour.
In 2020, Miller returned for the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, placing 7th overall.
His drag daughters are Rhea Litré and Eugene Lee Yang (Cheyenne Pepper).
Some of her other rejected drag names were Ariana Styles, Nevah, Jiz Zonra, and Kisha Amillion.<ref>{{Cite web|url=https://attitude.co.uk/article/mo-heart-interview-worst-pick-up-line-someones-said-to-me-youre-my-favourite-monet-x-change-1/26478/|title=MO HEART INTERVIEW: 'WORST PICK-UP LINE SOMEONE'S SAID TO ME?
Two years later, Heart would audition for the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race and this time succeeded in qualifying to be a contestant.
Heart was confirmed to be one of the contestants competing in the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars on November 9, 2018.
Monique Heart performed her debut single "Brown Cow Stunning" on the premiere episode of RuPaul's Drag Race: All-Stars, and was released on January 4, 2019.
She is the co-founder of Black Girl Magic, a drag show consisting of only African-American queens.
His drag mother is Savannah Westbrooke.
The Vixen is known for blending political activism and queer advocacy into her drag performances.
Drag Race alumni Dida Ritz and Shea Couleé are part of this show.
Although Aquaria eventually conceded the point and later came to her defense, the Vixen received online death threats from Drag Race fans afterwards.
Before her stint on Drag Race, The Vixen was a featured guest on Couleé's 2017 song "Cocky."
The catchphrase was also referenced in multiple further episodes of Drag Race season ten.
She moved to New York City when she was seven and started doing drag on the club kid scene under the name Yuhua.
After Drag Race, Hamasaki appeared with Laverne Cox in the music video for "Bruised" by Mila Jam.
She currently co-hosts the Sibling Rivalry podcast with Bob The Drag Queen, and the Ebony and Irony podcast with Lady Bunny.
During episode one of Drag Race, Monét X Change made a dress decorated with kitchen sponges for the first runway challenge, which became a running joke throughout the rest of the series and inspired a number of Internet memes amongst fans online.
Following her All Stars win, she and Trinity The Tuck were featured guests for the debut episode The Official RuPaul's Drag Race Podcast.
She returned the following year for the second annual Digital Drag Fest, in May 2021.
In the Fall of 2021, she and Bob The Drag Queen will release their own makeup line, "BoMo Cosmetics".
She released her first original single, "Soak It Up", on May 25, 2018, the same day as her elimination episode on Drag Race.
McQueen manages to fool McPhiend into getting him and Alice to the real world, under the pretense of having to drag Dooley within as well.
Also, the makers did not want to drag the story and hence they decided to give a logical conclusion to the show.
He started performing in drag in 2003 
He also made five appearances in the first and second seasons of RuPaul's Drag U.
On May 8, 2020, Ongina was announced as one of the ten queens competing on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
American horror film director Darren Stein and drag legend Peaches Christ are the only judges to have appeared in all four seasons of the show.
The Boulets place significant value in the artistic merit and anti-establishment traditions of drag.
Ochs sings, "If you drag her muddy rivers, nameless bodies you will find," which refers to the FBI's search for Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner.
She is best known for competing on the fifth season of the reality-show RuPaul's Drag Race, later winning the Miss Congeniality title.
He started doing drag at 18.
He was in a Buzzfeed video on April 2, 2013 discussing his experience in drag.
For example, during Moschino's Fall 2018 menswear and women's Pre-Fall show, Jeremy Scott presented a gender non-conforming look modelled by nonbinary model Oslo Grace and Queer drag queen Violet Chachki.
For decades, that has meant she's painted the people most Clevelanders overlook: prostitutes, drag queens, gays and lesbians, and transgender individuals in a time when acceptance wasn't as readily available as today."
Almost none imagined the conflict would drag on as long as it did.
Parker started doing drag pageants in 1990, with his first being the Miss Gay USofA at Large 1990.
Because of this, RuPaul always addresses him with "Hey Porkchop" during all of the Drag Race live reunions, starting with season 4.
Parker was also brought back for the first episode of season 10 of RuPaul's Drag Race to help judge the mini-challenge.
In the first episode of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars 3, Vanessa Hudgens lip synced against "Porkchop", an actual pork chop, which RuPaul said was Parker.
Initial attempts to drag the ship from the beach were unsuccessful.
Although he often had to drag his boat, now Pella-Fiord, over rough pack ice, he reached Khatanga, 1300 kilometers away, in 30 days.
At lower speeds, undesirable parasitic drag is largely a function of the total surface area, which suggests using a wing with minimum chord, leading to the high aspect ratios seen on light aircraft and regional airliners.
In Haarmanns oscillation theory "geotumors" came to protrude from Earth's surface as result of a drag force in space.
Over the Edge: Contestants must drag heavy chains to reach a rope attached to a heavy block; the contestants then engage in a game of tug-of-war.
 Ball & Chain: Similar to Season 1, the penultimate test requires aspiring Titans to drag a weighted ball wrapped in chain (300lbs for men, 200lbs for women),  and attached sledgehammer, to the end-point
At dawn the 1/18th policed the perimeter finding 263 VC dead while drag marks and blood trails suggested their losses were even higher.
The i4 has an almost completely flat underbody, resulting in a low drag coefficient of 0.24 for the eDrive40 and 0.25 for the M50.
Drag queens (Arena dates)
The lead single, "Moving Parts", was released following the premiere of the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, in which Trixie Mattel competed.
Homemade Christmas is an EP by American drag queen Trixie Mattel, released on December 1, 2017.
After appearing on Drag Race, Mattel appeared in the web series UNHhhh on WOWPresents with fellow season seven contestant Katya Zamolodchikova, known mononymously as Katya.
AgentCubes is inspired by AgentSheets which introduced modern drag and drop blocks programming in 1995.
On go, the teams must push, pull, or drag the other team to get them out of the ring to gain one point.
They drag him to his final destination where he will be executed.
The second photo included, Untitled, is a photograph of Rye Bautista, otherwise known as La Chiquitta, one of Hong-Kong's preeminent drag queens, alone on a rooftop in Hong-Kong.
Ka-Man Tse actively includes an Asian drag queen in a group show about beauty pageants, starting a conversations about similarities between the two worlds and contributing to her larger goal of increasing visibility of the LGBT community.
The standard antipersonnel cartridge developed by AAI was loaded with 8,  drag stabilized flechettes.
He sees three figures in the corridor trying to drag somebody through next ward's door, and recognizes the dead body as that of Mikhaylo.
UNHhhh premiered on March 25, 2016, one year after Mattel and Zamolodchikova appeared in the seventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
With a new splitter for the Standard High Downforce Aero package and a revised Le Mans Low Drag Kit.
There were no drag marks on the ground or on Kevin's body.
It is based on the PHP programming language and the Laravel 5 web application framework, using drag and drop and allowing users to quickly create content, while scheduling and managing multiple displays.
Poundcake is the second studio album by American drag performer and recording artist Alaska Thunderfuck, released by Producer Entertainment Group on October 14, 2016.
Fellow Drag Race contestants Adore Delano, Gia Gunn, and Miss Fame are featured on "The T", "Stun", and "Chicken", respectively.
The music video for "The T" premiered on October 13 and features Drag Race queens Adore Delano, Coco Montrese, Katya, Tatianna, and Trixie Mattel, in a final scene reminiscent of Leonardo da Vinci's 15th-century mural painting The Last Supper.
In the video, Alaska and Gia Gunn recreate RuPaul's looks from season 6 and carry large purses as a reference to Bob the Drag Queen.
Darian Lusk of The New York Observer included "Come to Brazil" in his list of "The Best Songs of 2017 by 'RuPaul’s Drag Race' Contestants".
"PharmaRusical" is the second episode of the tenth season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, which aired on VH1 on March 29, 2018.
Hot Peaches was a drag theatre company in New York City that would put on a play a week, active from the 1970s-1990s.
Reviewers in the early 1970s noted that the work seemed to be an excuse for company members to perform in drag.
Opulence, you own everything (Rupaul’s Drag Race, Season 11, Mercedes Iman Diamond)
The FIA determines the standards for most of its series such as Formula One and the FIA World Endurance Championship, excluding the standards of its drag racing competition which are determined by SFI.
They spent some time on the streets of Montreal as a sex worker before launching Silver Catalano as a drag musical project, first attracting widespread attention in 2016 for the single "Wave".
Through his stencils, specifically ones of drag queens, queer CareBears and shirtless men, he is able to make important political and social commentary regarding LGBT rights.
At great peril they spent the next several days in the area in their open skiffs using traditional fishing jiggers to drag the bottom for bodies but were hampered by the heavy seas.
PageCloud is a software as a service, cloud-based web development platform and drag and drop website builder.
She participated in protest shifts outside of the house of then-president Ezer Weizman, after he made homophobic public statements, and she stood on the side of drag queens in the Israeli Wigstock riots of 1998.
The "Pliacam" part of his drag name is also play on words that can be translated to "tired labia" in English.
The Dutch head coach of India, Sjoerd Marijne, encouraged her to change her stick to get better at drag flicking, which improved her game.
The first season of The Switch Drag Race began airing on 8 October 2015 on the MEGA and WOW Presents Plus's WOW Presents Plus streaming service.
The eliminated contestant is typically honored with a montage of their run on the show and is ultimately shown writing a farewell with a tube of lipstick on a mirror in the briefing room à la the American Drag Race.
The winner of second series of The Switch Drag Race was Miss Leona, with Gia Gunn, Pavel Arámbula and Sofía Camará as the runner-up.
El Monstruo recovers enough to drag himself over to Teddy and punches his head to pulp using the power of his legendary rage.
Just like the majority of Slavic water spirits, he would lure and drag people into the water if they get close to the edge.
This work helped quantify the theory of phonon drag in semiconductors.
Using a grappling hook, the men began to drag the river.
At 02:00 35-40 PAVN attacked Company K's night defensive position killing three Marines before being forced to withdraw, a search of the perimeter at dawn found two PAVN dead and drag marks indicated that more dead and wounded had been removed.
Tallulah Rose Haddon (born 9 September 1997) is a British actress, drag and performance artist, and model.
The queen was always a gay man in drag and these celebrations mark a significant point in the history of the city.
Showing consistency with the aforementioned tracks, these fall into two parallel rows of impressions and show no evidence of body or tail drag.
The silk strands are pulled by drag, which both further pulls out released gossamers from the spinnerets while also pulling the spider into the air.
It shows Sivan posing in drag outfits with flowers, and in a Draco Malfoy-esque ensemble, Greek muse busts and muscled arms flexing.
It is a reality-show where drivers of stock exotic supercars go up against sleeper cars in a quarter-mile drag race.
Barstow-Daggett Airport in San Bernardino County, California, served as the drag strip for episodes 1, 2, 5, and 7.
Young International Airport in Detroit, Michigan, was used as the drag strip in episode 6.
Sebring International Raceway in Sebring, Florida, served as the drag strip in episode 1.
Soumya Sarkar provided some resistance in the end to drag Bangladesh beyond the 200-run mark as they managed to make 222 all out with nine balls left.
In My Feelings is the debut EP by American drag queen and singer Aja, released on May 11, 2018.
In July 1952, the Sports Car Club of America scheduled two  road races at the airfield, and the NHRA held its regional drag championships at the site in June 1956.
 Minnie Cooper – iconic Sydney drag queen
Club said "Slap Out Of It" "might be the best Drag Race mini-challenge ever".
AJ and the Queen follows "Ruby Red, a bigger-than-life but down-on-her-luck drag queen who travels across America from club to club in a rundown 1986 R/V with her unlikely sidekick AJ, a recently orphaned, tough-talking, scrappy ten-year-old stowaway.
The convention is launched with an annual kick-off party, which features a dance party and drag performances.
In 2011, while in her mid-20s, Miz Cracker met Bob the Drag Queen.
Miz Cracker participated in marches for equality in Times Square with Bob the Drag Queen.
She has a homemade web series, Review with a Jew, where she recaps episodes of Drag Race, starting from All Stars season three.
Before Drag Race, he worked as a school teacher in Senegal and speaks Wolof.
Morris Wilson's drag queen-pseudonym, "Maura Lee Karupt", is a pun on the phrase, "Morally Corrupt".
When they don't go, he starts to drag their oldest teenage son up out of the chair and is about to hit him, but Charlotte throws something at him, saying she will not let him abuse her children, and he hits her.
Their objective was a low-power motor glider with the lowest possible drag.
Even where the drums are looped, the bass lines often drag and pull against the beat, breaking away from vamps to improvise and loosen things up."
Starting from Auckland in early November the season 6 winner of RuPaul's Drag Race played sold-out shows across six continents.
He is best known for his appearances on The Real World and RuPaul's Drag Race.
In 2019, he appeared in the 4th episode of RuPaul's Drag Race Season 11 "Trump: The Rusical".
Investigators discovered that under the conditions the aircraft was operating prior to the crash approximately 15 millimeters of ice would have developed creating significant drag and undermining the wings ability to generate lift.
Tom McEwen, 81, American drag racer.
They went to Crews & Tangos, a drag bar on Church Street that was popular with students and young people.
I saw that there was no such day or event on an international platform in which we celebrated drag artists."
The PRT was also used to develop a way to reduce the drag produced by the exposed pistons of radial turbine engines.
Similarly, the PRT found that engine placement and the fixed landing gear contributed greatly to drag.
She began performing in drag in 2014.
In early 2018, it was announced that Aquaria was chosen as one of fourteen contestants for the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, upon her first audition for the program.
On July 3, 2018, singer Bebe Rexha criticized Aquaria and the other Drag Race top four queens over Twitter for supposed bad behavior toward her at the VH1 Trailblazer Honors, such as not talking to her and being "cold".
This experiment was designed to determine systematic changes of air density as a function of altitude, latitude, and time of day, by measuring the drag on a  diameter low-density sphere with ground tracking.
The content management system (CMS) functionality includes a visual drag and drop editor, a landing page editor, support for multi-site and multi-language, media and structured content, advanced image editing, responsive user interface, permissions and roles management, revision and version control, and bulk publishing.
In 2004, Johnsey joined Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo, an all-male ballet company that performs comedic parodies of classical ballets, often in drag.
 Farrah Moan, drag queen.
Violet Chachki, drag queen.
The video was directed by frequent collaborator Lucas David, marking his debut as a director, and stars American drag queen Violet Chachki.
During the 1960-80s the Brickworks was known as "Brickies" a popular place for drag racing on a Friday or Saturday night.
The data are derived from studies of the drag on a  in diameter low-density sphere caused by short-term differences in solar activity.
The last McWhirter drag hare in use (at Oxford) was switched to an Outside Sumner, and a new world and national record for 525 yards was set at Brighton by Easy Investment who recorded 28.17.
Numbers in parentheses represent errors; in addition, there may be a systematic error of up to ± 5% due to drag coefficient uncertainty.
However, data from this experiment was correlated with accelerometer and capacitance manometer data to evaluate satellite drag performance.
There may be a systematic error of up to ± 5% due to drag coefficient uncertainty.
However, data from this experiment were correlated with accelerometer and capacitance manometer data to evaluate satellite drag performance.
The event was attended by activists and celebrities including Janet Mock, Bebe Rexha, the cast of Pose, and finalist from RuPaul's Drag Race.
 RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked (VH1)
 RuPaul's Drag Race (Episode: "10s Across the Board") (VH1)
 Nick Murray for RuPaul's Drag Race (Episode: "10s Across The Board") (VH1) Bertram van Munster for The Amazing Race (Episode: "It’s Just A Million Dollars, No Pressure") (CBS)
 Monique Heart, American drag queen
The boys were then transported on a drag stretcher over 200 m of rocks and sand hills.
Users can drag and drop tasks on a chart.
The company's first collection, KimChi Chic Beauty, launched October 16 in partnership with drag queen Kim Chi.
Mrs. Kasha Davis is the stage name of Edward Popil, an American drag queen, actor and television personality from Scranton, Pennsylvania.
Based in Rochester, Mrs. Kasha Davis frequently performs with long-time collaborators and fellow RuPaul's Drag Race alums Pandora Boxx and Darienne Lake.
For fourteen years Mrs. Kasha Davis has co-written and performed with fellow Rochester-based drag queen Aggy Dune in "Big Wigs," a touring diva impersonation theater show
The film focuses on Ed Popil's life before and after getting cast onto RuPaul's Drag Race.
New cast members include video vixen Apple Watts, singer La'Britney, K. Michelle: My Lifes Paris Phillips, Grammy Award-nominated producer RoccStar, manager Shun Love, model Amber Diamond, bisexual rapper and drag performer JayWill and media personality Donatella.
Call My Life is the debut studio album by American drag queen and singer Blair St. Clair, released in June 2018.
The music video for "Call My Life" features drag queens Eureka, Jujubee, Manila Luzon, Mayhem Miller, and Pandora Boxx.
Each wingtip has winglets to improve lateral stability and reduce vortex drag.
In 1996, together with a few of his classmates, he founded the drag band The Daughters of Pesia.
Cohen continued working in musicals in 2017, and made a return to drag, when he starred as Edna Turnblad in the Israeli adaptation of Hairspray.
In the fall of 1991, commenting on what he feared to be a future in which Russia had been destroyed by democratic rule would look like, Zhirinovsky predicted , "Iran and Afghanistan can drag Central Asia over to its side, Turkey is settling scores with the Transcaucusus; Poland and Romania will take care of Ukraine and Moldova.
The winners of the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars were Monét X Change and Trinity The Tuck.
Ida Barr's name was appropriated more than 40 years after her death by Christopher Green for an unrelated, non-tribute drag act.
They were given a blown hemi by Charlie Brent (after he wrecked his AA/FD), and built Nanook II around it, enabling the car to exceed  at Orange County International Raceway  The car was turned into a jigsaw puzzle, now "highly collectible" among drag racing fans, by Hallmark Cards.
Those Wild Fuel Altereds: Drag Racing in the Sixties.
Lucy Jane Parkinson or LJ Parkinson is a British actor and drag king  LoUis CYfer.
Desmond Napoles (born 2007) is an American child drag performer known by the stage name Desmond is Amazing.
Also in 2019, drag queen Alyssa Edwards released a 14 pan eyeshadow palette with ABH.
The fire then drag Satan down, ultimately killing him.
The West Hollywood location reopened on January 18, 2020 as Chi Chi LaRue's Circus, with porn director and drag queen Chi Chi LaRue acquiring the store from the Masons, although unlike the original Circus of Books the reopened store has more upscale product offerings.
The competitors then returned to the rope climbs and dummy drag.
The car, a 1969 Chevrolet Camaro, crashed through a chain link fence at the Yellow River Drag Racing Strip in Covington, Georgia.
After administering the medication, several male nurses enter Room 605 to drag Jong-min out of the room.
Soft and touching tunes, yes, but with little leaving first gear it soon became a bit of a drag to listen to from start to finish.
The Inevitable Album is a debut studio album by American drag performer Jinkx Monsoon, released by Sidecar Records on May 6, 2014.
The aerodynamic drag coefficient is low due to a cd of 0.19 (c.f., Porsche Cayman cd 0.29, unfaired motorcycle cd 0.7) and the small frontal area of around 1 m².
In 2013 American independent label Drag City reissued the original line-up's catalogue on a compilation album, Venom P. Stinger 1986–1991.
 Oscillation theory, proposed in 1930 by Erich Haarmann, that the Earth’s crust changes because of drag forces
Performances included international acts such as Ciara and several Rupaul's Drag Race contestants such as Sasha Velour, Detox, Latrice Royale, Brooke Lynn Hytes, Naomi Smalls, Yvie Oddly, as well as many Canadian acts like Marie-Mai, Ariane Moffat, and Safia Nolin, among others.
Hope has worked as a live host for a multitude of events including Ru Paul's Drag Con UK, Great North Run, Capital's Summertime Ball and Capital's Jingle Bell Ball.
During early rehearsals, Jackson was asked to switch parts with Judd, who'd been assigned the role of Slow Drag the bassist.
In a similar manner to Fox's 2016 acquisition of NHRA drag racing, Fox focused on developing new on-air features and technology to improve viewer understanding of the intricacies of the sport, and additional shoulder content.
The drag, and therefore noise, is very low.
However, after seeing him on the show and realizing that drag was a valid career, he became more accepting.
The British managed to drag Santa Elena off the beach but, badly damaged, she sank at sea.
The top speed is, however, reduced to , owing to the extra drag produced by the aerodynamic elements and due to excessive pressure on the tyres resulting from a lower ride height.
Antron Brown (born 1976), American drag racer
Beginning in 1963, the Austin Aqua Festival began hosting boat drag racing on Lady Bird Lake (formerly Town Lake) with festival goers occupying Festival Beach.
The film stars Guillaume de Tonquédec as Michel, a married man who has a secret life as a cross-dresser who goes by the drag name Mylène.
The applications created are largely open-standards-based and the tool can be used to generate code in the background by drag and drop visual development.
This led CART to mandate all teams run the high-downforce specification of the Handford MkII wings to attempt to alleviate stress placed on the car's brakes and gearboxes by increasing the amount of drag produced to slow vehicles.
Jeremy D. Larson of Pitchfork heavily criticized the album, calling it "half-baked boomer fetishism" and an "interminable 49-minute drag."
She completed her thesis, Drag Augmentation via Supersonic Retropropulsion for Atmospheric Deceleration, in 2012.
After working for 18 years as a public officer in the SSK, he left his job and started to perform under the name Huysuz Virjin as a drag artist in 1970.
It denounced a "conspiracy to drag us into a war against England’s interests", arguing that it would amount to a "crime against Europe", and warning that it would "throw away the accumulated progress of half a century".
The iconicity of this musical era was brought to television in 2021, with the contestants of Drag Race España recreating the looks of it in a special episode called "the night of the thousand Rosalías".
Agoney appeared at the 2019 Gran Canaria Drag Queen Contest, where he performed a dance remix of his single "Quizás" as part of the interval show.
The Drag Queen Scene: Transsexuals in Kings Cross.
Burkett was one of only a small number of women drag racing in professional classes.
McCulloch retired from drag race driving in 1993.
Willie Borsch (February 19, 1930 – October 1, 1991), nicknamed "Wild Willie", was an American AA/FA and funny car drag racer.
He was named to Car Craft magazine's All-Star Drag Racing team six years in a row, starting in 1967.
The second season of Drag Race Thailand had a casting announcement on 4 March 2018.
On 19 June 2009, he was drag racing in Las Quintas when the transit police showed up.
Douglas M. King, nicknamed "Ardun Doug", (May 6, 1937 - September 16, 2011) was an American drag racer and engine builder.
Born in Shawnee Township, Illinois, Golden joined the US Marines and first became interested in drag racing while at Camp Pendleton.
which became drag racing's first wheelstanding truck.
Cayla Rivas is the daughter of Chris Rivas, a four-time NHRA Pro Stock Motorcycle drag racing champion, who is her mentor in motorcycle racing.
Leighton started drag racing in 1952.
Mike Van Sant, nicknamed "Mighty Mike", is an American drag racer.
The film's climax is a drag production number staged in front of the Big Nickel.
The NHRA Summernationals are an annual drag racing event run by the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA).
The 1978 NHRA Summernationals (commonly known as the Summernats) were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event, held at  Englishtown, New Jersey, on 16 July.
The 1978 NHRA Winternationals (commonly known as the Winternats) were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event, held at  Auto Club Raceway  in Pomona, California, on 5 February; rain halted eliminations after round one was complete.
A drag coefficient is lower that in the standard model (0.25 vs. 0.27), while the powertrain and battery are the same as in the original model.
Lisa Underwood in The Drag Queen Anthology explains that “the [pride] march is unique in South Africa, in that it is simultaneously angry and carnivalesque.”
The Miss GLOW Competitions, begun in the KwaThema township as the Miss KwaThema GLOW Drag Competition, were symbolic of the new openness of gay liberation in South Africa leading up to the first Pride March.
For this reason, participants and organizers have debated the role of drag queens in the parade.
Carol Cox is a pioneering American woman drag racer.
Abe Loewen is a Canadian Super Stock drag racer.
At Lions Drag Strip, Wilmington, California, in 1972, Olson qualified #9 for the NHRA Division 7 Le Grand Premiere, and was eliminated in round one by #1 qualifier Don Prudhomme.
David Huggard (born 1990), better known as Eureka O'Hara, American drag queen
He was nicknamed "Ronnie the King" because of his success at the local Atlanta "King of the Hill" drag competition, where he proved to be one of the most accomplished drivers in the Southeast.
The 1961 NHRA Winternationals were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event, held at Pomona Raceway at Los Angeles County Fairgrounds on 19 February.
While it was once common for men who wore makeup to be associated with drag queens or homosexuality in western cultures, Korean male idols, although they are boyish in appearance, otherwise project masculinity.
Sky Yen was re-released by Drag City on 6 December 2011 as part of the label's reissues of the full Groovy Records catalogue.
 The Union pub, now The New Union, plays host to drag shows during World War II.
Bernadette Rostenkowski (Melissa Rauch), Raj Koothrappali (Kunal Nayyar) and Emily Sweeney (Laura Spencer) drag Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) to a soup kitchen to volunteer for the day, after Howard lies about going there to avoid Sheldon.
Also, she was a guest judge and served as a photographer in the mini challenge on the second season of Canada's Drag Race,  in the episode "Lost and Fierce."
Martina Barone of Cinematographe felt that while the actors' performances often drag down the quality of the film, this debut shows that the director has a talent for film-making.
Two cars that were drag racing went off the road and crashed through a fence and into a crude oil pipeline in New Lenox, Illinois on March 3.
The 1963 NHRA Winternationals (commonly known as the Winternats) were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event held at the Auto Club Raceway in Pomona, California on February 17, 1963.
He started drag racing in 1950, at the wheel of a Buick-engined B/Gas 1940 Ford, which he continued to campaign until 1961.
The drag coefficient has been reduced to 0.28.
25 August 1926, d. 25 October 2017), better known as Gas Ronda, was an American drag racer.
It was in the Thunderbolt, as part of the Bill Waters Ford Racing Team in 1964, that Ronda won Super Stock at the first Hot Rod Magazine Championship Drag Races, in Riverside, California.
Ronda took a radically different tack after retiring from drag racing.
She noted that the film was a drag on long stretches, and the storytelling lacked liveliness.
A bootleg record of The 1980 Floor Show, titled Dollars in Drag - The 1980 Floor Show, was released by The Amazing Kornyphone Record Label in 1974 (ASIN: B00RC7WEEO).
The war would drag on for another three years and only end because a few of his own men plotted against Sertorius and assassinated him.
The modifications made to the car help it achieve 1.08 g of skidpad grip, but courtesy to the extreme drag generated by all the downforce-generating aero components, the top speed is reduced to .
Trains ran along the track using thick cables to drag ships upstream against the current.
The party goes well, until Julio realizes that the guests have mistaken Marge for a drag queen.
Marge is furious, but when Homer shows up to the drag club dressed like a woman, she forgives him.
The European Drag Racing Season is held from May to September in four countries; UK, Sweden, Finland and Germany.
Each suit must comply with set regulations, including the inclusion of the FIA European Drag Racing Championship logo on their right hand chest area on the front of their suit.
The driver's self-protective gear is monitored by FIA along with drag car safety equipment.
All drivers are required to attain a FIA International Competition license specific to their drag category.
The European Drag Racing Championship consists of six championship events across four host countries:
Before the drag strip a feature referred to as a 'water box' is used by the racers to do burnouts.
From 2012, the European Drag Racing Championship consisted of 6 rounds.
On January 14, the US revenue cutter Gresham arrived and attempted for about an hour to drag Onondaga off Orleans Beach but failed.
|align=right|ṁ air v|align=left|= the ram drag of the intake air
The afterburner also has to make up for the pressure loss across the turbomachine which is a drag item at higher speeds where the epr will be less than 1.0.
In December 1965, Medley was named publisher of Rod & Custom, which he transformed from a general interest automotive and drag racing magazine (including coverage of karts) to a specialist custom car title.
Ed Pink, nicknamed "the Old Master", was an American drag racing engine builder.
Similarly, the Speedtail does not feature door mirrors, instead of using HD cameras mounted on the front guards that pop out when the ignition is turned on, and retract inside when the "Velocity mode" is activated, which the company states are to reduce drag.
The engine is a compromise between a big core for power and a small fan for wave drag, and Mach 1.4 is a compromise between higher speed and enough range.
The weir configuration and drag disturbance from the sides of the spiral create waves which travel downstream.
Through his machinations, the heroes are tricked into delivering special metal to his multiversal spire which begins to drag Earth into the Dark Multiverse.
Season 1 featured Nilsa Prowant and Aimee Hall from Floribama Shore, Angelina Pivarnick from Jersey Shore with her then-fiancee Chris Larangeira, Cara Maria Sorbello and Paulie Calafiore from The Challenge, and Soju from RuPaul's Drag Race.
The Jackson character sings "Maybe It's Time" for the first time in a drag bar after meeting Ally and seeing her performing a cover of "La Vie en rose".
A week later, he recorded a  pass, on his way to winning the Hot Rod Magazine Championship Drag Races at Riverside (and bettering Borsch's  pass of the year before), a speed no Altered would surpass that season.
She notes cases where the  have exceptionally long "walrus" teeth, which may be the length of a finger or may even drag along the ground, though in other cases they have no such teeth, or at any rate nothing is said of them.
RuPaul's Drag Race Holi-slay Spectacular was a holiday television special, which aired on VH1 on December 7, 2018.
Kylie Sonique Love (born May 2, 1983), formerly known as Sonique, is an American drag queen, singer, dancer, and reality television personality.
Love was announced as one of thirteen contestants competing on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars on May 26, 2021, where she competed under the name Kylie Sonique Love, after previously competing under the mononym Sonique.
Study II is considered the most artistically successful of the series, and is described as consisting of "broad strokes of pink and mauve, with which Bacon establishes an equivocation between waxen mask and human flesh, drag pain and loneliness and imperturbable spirit in their wake."
The track features a spoken introduction by Shangela, an American drag queen.
The 1980 NHRA Winternationals (commonly known as the Winternats) were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event, held at  Auto Club Raceway  in Pomona, California, on February 3.
RuPaul Charles is an American drag queen, actor, model, singer, songwriter, and television personality.
Charles had already achieved international fame as a drag queen with the release of his single "Supermodel (You Better Work)", from the album Supermodel of the World (1993), for which he received two Billboard Music Awards and an MTV Video Music Award nomination.
 List of awards and nominations received by RuPaul's Drag Race
Her calculations explained that black hole jets are emitted as escaping tornado-like coils of high energy photons and relativistic electrons, and when black holes drag spacetime into rotation near their cores, they may also produce uneven jets.
It is hosted by New Zealand drag queens, Kita Mean and Anita Wigl'it.
  The contestant won House of Drag.
The British Drag Racing Association was formed in 1964 with Sydney Allard as President.
In 1984 a chance meeting with Brant Mewborn, senior editor of Rolling Stone, led to her introduction to the musicians, drag queens, fashion divas, and other collaborators that she would photograph.
The Doctor mentions using the TARDIS to drag a planet across the universe, a reference to the Tenth Doctor returning the Earth to its proper place in "Journey's End", and to rebirth a Slitheen as an egg, which the Ninth Doctor did in "Boom Town".
In November and December 2018, five of the album's artists—Sharon Needles, Manila Luzon, Kameron Michaels, Eureka O'Hara and Asia O'Hara—embarked on a Christmas Queens tour in Europe, together with Bob the Drag Queen and Jiggly Caliente, where they performed some of the album's songs.
VLAs are embedded as DEAs are, over a specified drag length.
While the efficiencies are lower than what would be obtained with other sorts of anchor, such as a drag embedment anchor, this is compensated by the low cost of fabrication and ease of installation.
 Alaska and Jeremy Talk “Amethyst Journey”, the State of Drag, and What Makes A Relationship by Michael Cook (September 18, 2018), Get Out!
In an interview with Billboard, Lali talked about the collaboration, saying that the Brazilian drag queen was the perfect fit for her single.
The American magazine Pitchfork called the singer's voice "a soft liquid velvet" and wrote about the song that "Malamente consumes the listener with drums and soft synthesizers that drag you to their world completely".
The 1967 NHRA Winternationals (commonly known as the Winternats) were a National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) drag racing event, held at Auto Club Raceway, Pomona, California on 5 February.
After atmospheric entry, Starship performs a belly flop maneuver, defined in a whitepaper as the control of its surface area, leading to the control of aerodynamic drag and terminal velocity.
While Bovec was later declared constructive total loss and sold for scrap, the salvage operation was successful: with nearly 200 tons of pulling force, Kigoria managed to drag the bulk carrier off the rocks.
This was the first National win for the Ford Drag Team's new 428 Cobra Jet Mustang.
In March, he attended AHRA's Northern Nationals, at Fremont Drag Strip in Fremont, California; he reached the final round before being eliminated by #10 qualifier Garlits (in Swamp Rat XIX).
He uses the LB X and LTD X, this is a low bow stick which is well suited to his drag flicking technique.
Donovan developed the first all-aluminum-block hemi designed specifically for Top Fuel drag racing.
Donovan made little money on his developments, despite the fact the aluminum hemi becoming the effective standard drag racing engine for a generation.
The fuselage was square in section, with no attempt at reducing drag.
The Donovan hemi is an American Top Fuel drag racing engine, designed and built by Ed Donovan and first appearing in 1971.
The ambiguity of Duchamp in drag is not dissimilar to the image of the Mona Lisa with a goatee and mustache in Duchamp's L.H.O.O.Q.
Behind the spar and drag strut the wing was fabric covered.
The car had a drag coefficient of  when tested in the Mercedes-Benz wind tunnel.
Andersson's role as "Dixie" began as a dare in 2004 from a friend to sell Tupperware while in drag.
The Giugiaro wedge design gives it a drag coefficient of 0.28 cx.
The B7 achieved a drag coefficient of  when tested in the BMW windtunnel.
Pictures can be imported a lot of different ways: They can be drag and dropped from Finder or other applications.
Yang is the only openly gay member among the cast of The Try Guys, which also produced LGBTQ-themed videos such as season 1 episode 3 The Try Guys Try Drag for the First Time.
In 1967, he won the NHRA Nationals' first Funny Car Eliminator title, and was given Car Crafts All-Star Drag Racing Team Funny Car Driver of the Year Award in 1968.
Thorley won many drag races at the Santa Ana (California) strip in the 1950s in a 1938 Century coupe.
The same year, he was given Car Crafts All-Star Drag Racing Team Funny Car Driver of the Year Award in 1968.
Afterwards, the Ghost of Christmas Present (in form of a drag queen) shows Scrooge the present-day scenes of Bob Cratchit and Tim and their friends celebrating Christmas, and then the Ghost of Christmas Future reveals Tim's and Scrooge's own death, prompting Scrooge to change his ways for the better.
It aired on People TV and featured drag and musical performances, parodic sketch comedy, interviews, and reports from around Atlanta.
After the show, Larry Tee went on to popularize the "electroclash" music genre and helped to launch the careers of bands like Scissor Sisters, while Randy Barbato and Fenton Bailey of The Fabulous Pop Tarts went on to produce (with RuPaul) the Emmy-winning reality television show RuPaul's Drag Race.
Its mission included measuring plasma in the lower ionosphere and monitoring the drag and temperature of the satellite itself.
The show is the fourth installment of the Drag Race franchise, and the second fronted by RuPaul.
RuPaul's Drag Race originated in the United States, where it was devised as a replacement for Rick & Steve: The Happiest Gay Couple in All the World (2007–2009), and has been adapted in various countries.
Where he had stated that he was working on the version with UK drag queen, Jodie Harsh, along with Katie Price as one of the judges.
During Michelle Visage's time on Celebrity Big Brother, she said; "I tell you what, I could cast RuPaul's Drag Race the British invasion or the UK version in five minutes because there's so much talent over there.
And I saw the love and the passion for Drag Race and that's the reason I did Celebrity Big Brother five years ago, was to bring attention to it.
The show uses progressive elimination to reduce the number of drag queens in the competition from the initial field of ten contestants (series 1), down until the final three, who compete in the final challenge, and the final two lip-syncing for the crown.
Some challenges became a tradition across series, such as the "Snatch Game" (in which the contestants impersonate celebrities in a recreation of Blankety Blanks US equivalent, Match Game), a ball or a makeover, in which the contestants create drag personas for other people.
Baga Chipz, Divina de Campo and The Vivienne made the final, with The Vivienne being crowned the UK's First Drag Superstar and heading to Hollywood to star in their own digital TV series.
The eight-episode series follows RuPaul's Drag Race UK Series 1 contestants and it also features Alyssa Edwards from season 5 of the American version as the host of the six-city tour across the UK, titled God Shave the Queens.
The second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK was confirmed and casting was closed on 15 November 2019.
There will be 12 queens competing for the title of "UK's Next Drag Superstar", over 10 episodes.
Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato, World of Wonder Co-Founders and Executive Producers, revealed that 2021 would have two series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
The series will feature queens from the first three series of the show, along with international queens who have competed in the Drag Race franchise around the world.
Plywood covering ran around the leading edge to the spar, forming a torsion resisting D-box, as well as forward of the drag strut.
The protestors proceeded to drag one statue to the streets and hang it from a street light.
While working there during her last summer before college, she meets Ambrose, whom she has to drag away from a girl so he can escort his mother down the aisle.
The match also featured Danny Dominion competing in drag as Sharon A. Wad.
She reappears later on hiding in Junichiro's classroom from Shirakawa Nami who had been looking for Reiko to drag back to the main campus.
Nina West is the stage name of Andrew Levitt, an American drag queen, activist, actor, and singer-songwriter based in Columbus, Ohio.
West began dabbling in drag in 2001.
She hosts the annual "Heels of Horror" show at Axis Nightclub, and has also hosted the competition "So You Think You Can Drag?"
She attended the 71st Primetime Emmy Awards, where she became the first person to walk the purple carpet in full drag.
After her elimination, West announced she will release a children's music album, Drag Is Magic, and a comedy EP, John Goodman, by May 17, 2019.
USGamer said that the tailing missions might drag, but the new chasing missions were more entertaining.
The characters first meet while Scott is performing as a drag artist in The Dog in the Pond pub, which Levi's friend Mitchell Deveraux (Imran Adams) takes him to see.
The following day, Levi notices Scott, who is not wearing drag, since he is wearing his glasses and is attracted to him.
 1885 – B. Morris Young, a founder of the church Young Men's program and a son of church president Young, began performing in drag as a Vaudeville female impersonator Madam Pattirini.
In it Kimball called homosexuality "a ruinous practice of perversion" that the church "will never condone" that begins with "curiosity" and "an unholy practice" like "an octopus with numerous tentacles to drag [the person] down to [their] tragedy".
 Rosco McGlashan (born 1950), Australian drag racing driver
"Rub Me Wrong" is a song by Australian drag queen and singer Courtney Act, released on 8 March 2004 as her debut single, shortly after her appearance on season 1 of Australian Idol.
In July 2019, it was announced that Pritchard, along with his brother AJ, would appear as guest choreographers on the BBC Three reality series RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
The first gay bar in post-World War II Berlin opened in the summer of 1945, and the first drag ball took place in American sector of West Berlin in the fall of 1945.
Arts & Culture Gottmik became the first openly transgender man to compete on RuPaul's Drag Race.
The terms tea and wig have been attributed to African-American LGBTQ communities; the term wig particularly has been attributed to the drag community, specifically from the phrase "wig snatched" used by the black LGBTQ ballroom culture of the 1980s.
 Lee Shepherd (1944-1985) - drag racing driver
To improve the flying wing's lifting force and drag coefficient by a factor of 1.5 to 2, the BLC system needs the equivalent of only 3-6 percent of the rated power of the forward thrust engines.
As the satellite oscillated about its local vertical because of gravity gradient forces, the outer sphere of the damper rotated about the inner sphere, dissipating the oscillatory energy in the form of heat from the viscous drag of the fluid.
Behind the spar, which was assisted by an internal diagonal drag strut to the fuselage, the wing was fabric-covered.
A few hours after war was declared at 11 p.m. on 4 August 1914, Alert was sent out from Dover on a planned mission to drag for, and cut, German cables in the English Channel.
They are known for their immersive performance art and drag artistry, a practice which they use to "interrupt normative processes of desire, identification, and objectification."
Their drag serves to destabilise essentialist and binary notions of gender by illustrating its performative nature.
Shortly after moving to London in 2009, Sin became involved in the queer creative scene, running club nights with friends and beginning to experiment with drag.
The performance, titled The sky as an image, an image as a net, was described as "a ballad of embodiment, longing and transformation, using poetry, drag, science fiction and an original soundtrack by Shy One."
A second drag queen named Scheherazade insists that he is female and insults Miss Collins, who chases Scheherazade offstage with a handbag.
In 1974, after a failed marriage, she moved to London, and in 1978, when the BBC began filming, she was a catering manager who performed as a drag queen.
Directional control was by differential drag surfaces on the wing trailing edges.
Many, but not all, drag kings are members of the LGBTQ+ community.
The first season of Drag Race Thailand is a Thai reality competition show based on the American version with RuPaul.
The first season also made stirs in the Asian LGBT community, the most prominent of which is a campaign to establish a RuPaul's Drag Race version as well in the Philippines and Taiwan, two of the most LGBT-accepting nations in all of Asia.
Zoken's bugs drag her body away, later reanimated and used to fight against Shirō, Rin, and Saber before the Shadow interferes and devours it.
Following the sale of Blue Max, Emery opened Dale Emery Fuel Systems, to provide fuel pumps and fuel injectors for nostalgia drag racing teams, as well a small number of existing teams.
The piano bar features a regular lineup of piano players, singing bartenders, and open-mic events while the upstairs bar features dance music and drag performances.
Some people make friendly jokes related to Peter's passion for drag, then, "someone said that he asked for it," initiating the theme of gay men deserving death by HIV/AIDS due to their having intimate homosexual relations.
The Royal House of LaBeija is a prominent drag family founded by Crystal LaBeija and Lottie LaBeija in 1972.
Like other drag families, the House of LaBeija is structured like a family, with a house “mother” and “father” who oversee and direct the group.
The competition was broadcast on VH1 in the United States and saw 13 new queens competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar".
The winner of the twelfth season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Jaida Essence Hall, with Crystal Methyd and Gigi Goode being the runners-up, and Heidi N Closet being Miss Congeniality.
Box Office is the debut studio album by American drag performer and musician Aja, released on February 7, 2019.
Despite being underestimated by their fellow contestants as the youngest drag performer in the cast, Aja won the season's first challenge alongside BenDeLaCreme and lip synced for their legacy; they also performed well impersonating Crystal LaBeija in the Snatch Game.
Prior to the album's release, Aja announced they no longer wished to be known as a drag queen, instead focusing on their career as a rapper and entertainer.
After working as a dancer with Cape Town City Ballet and Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo, Hytes achieved international recognition for competing on the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race; Hytes placed second, only to winner Yvie Oddly.
This is the most top 3 positions achieved by any contestant in a single season in RuPaul's Drag Race history.
She is the first contestant from any series in the Drag Race franchise to become a full-time judge.
To date, she is the first and only candidate of Rupaul's Drag Race to ever become a judge in a franchise of the show.
Davenport was a longtime fixture of the New York City nightlife scene and came to international attention as a contestant on season 11 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
While her season of Drag Race aired in 2019, Davenport released singles and music videos off of her debut EP, Raw and Unfiltered.
She has also been vocal about transgender rights, especially within the drag community.
For a time, he lived in Harlem, on the same block as Drag Race season 6 contestant Vivacious, season 2 contestant Sahara Davenport and season 9 runner-up Peppermint.
It was there that he had his first experience with drag as a performance art, and this motivated him to subsequently take up work as a backup dancer for Peppermint for four years.
Davenport has hosted regular drag shows in New York City, in New Jersey, on Fire Island and in Key West.
Two of Davenport's drag aunts have also appeared on the show: Sahara Davenport, who competed on season 2 of the regular series, and Kennedy Davenport, who competed on season 7 of the regular series and placed as runner-up on season 3 of All Stars.
Davenport released each of the songs from Raw and Unfiltered during the airing of Drag Race season 11; the corresponding music videos showcase the looks she would have worn in the episodes following her elimination from the show.
That May, she released "Stan for You", a Pride-themed single and music video featuring Drag Race season 11 winner Yvie Oddly.
The issue included a piece she wrote about the life changes she underwent after Drag Race.
The video was included in Entertainment Weekly "fabulous collection of the RuPaul's Drag Race queens' best music videos".
The same month, Davenport appeared in Divas for Democracy: United We Slay, a digital variety show featuring Broadway names like Chita Rivera and Harvey Fierstein as well as Drag Race stars including Bianca Del Rio, Jinkx Monsoon and Jujubee.
Davenport has said that it is important to her to use her career in drag to help others, and she often bases her looks, performances and music on political themes.
The final runway look she wore on Drag Race was an homage to an outfit Lady Gaga wore while performing "Angel Down", a tribute to Trayvon Martin.
It's Drag Race's opportunity to accept trans people, but it's all of our social obligation to create this platforms ."
Shortly thereafter, a number of other drag queens canceled their regular shows at The Monster.
Though she embraced him as a gay man, she was initially unhappy with his decision to pursue drag, but she changed her mind after seeing him perform.
Heath-Clark resided in New York City until late 2019, when he relocated to Los Angeles following the airing of his season of Drag Race.
Rajah O'Hara was announced to be one of fifteen contestants competing on season eleven of RuPaul's Drag Race on January 24, 2019.
Her drag mothers are pageant titleholders Sha'Niah Ellis Narcisse, Silkie O'Hara Munro, and Kelexis Davenport.
She was also featured on the season finale of Saturday Night Live as a performer for Katy Perry's single "Swish Swish", alongside other RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Yuhua Hamasaki, Vivacious, and Brita Filter.
Scarlet Envy returned for the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race: All Stars, which began airing on June 24, 2021.
Cain started drag full time in 2017, quitting a six-figure corporate job to pursue it.
Cain was announced to be one of fifteen contestants competing on season eleven of RuPaul's Drag Race on January 24, 2019.
The series focuses on Cain and ace baker Justin Salinas creating cakes inspired by RuPaul's Drag Race legends.
Ganache was announced to be one of fifteen contestants competing on season eleven of RuPaul's Drag Race on January 24, 2019.
From March 26 to September 6, she was a part of the rotating cast for RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 11 Tour, presented by Voss Events and World of Wonder, and hosted by Asia O'Hara.
Soon after her elimination, she released Cocktails for a Queen, an alcoholic beverage recipe book inspired by Drag Race alum.
Soju is the former stage name of Tony Hyunsoo Ha, a South Korean-American retired drag queen, singer and television/YouTube personality.
He came out as gay when he was 21 and his drag mother is Kahmora Hall.
Outside of drag, Ha is the owner of a taekwondo academy.
A conversation between Soju and the judges about a cyst became a viral meme within the Drag Race fandom.
On March 9, 2021, Soju announced that she had quit drag to focus on her mental health and that she wouldn’t be returning.
In addition to music videos and performances, she explores what she sees as a transformative power of drag by making thrift store finds into wearable art in Yvie Oddly's Oddities series on WOW Presents Plus.
Bridges describes their first exposure to drag as taking place in middle school, when a classmate dressed up as a hooker for Halloween and attracted significant attention.
Later that summer, Oddly became a cast member of Drag Nation; opened for pop star Mya on the Main Stage for PrideFest; and performed in Bohemia's The Prohibition of Lust.
In 2018, when asked about her drag aesthetics, Oddly said that she liked to shock and surprise with something the audience had not seen before, including dramatic looks, even employing unconventional and found materials.
She felt the time to make a drastic life change was imminent even if her audition tape did not get her onto RuPaul's Drag Race.
Oddly also set a record with having the fewest challenge wins of any winner in RuPaul's Drag Race history.
Her anger at being disrespected by the gay community because of being Black prompted her to get into drag.
"If you refuse to see the ideals behind my choices then it's because you operate from a place of privilege where fashion and drag don't have to speak to your life circumstances, especially not socioeconomically".
It also forced her to re-evaluate what she could physically do—as contorting her body in performances takes a toll—while still delivering a drag experience for her audiences.
Daniel Garcia Felicione Napoleão (born January 18, 1995), known professionally as Gloria Groove, is a Brazilian singer, rapper, songwriter, actor, voice actor, and drag queen.
Inspired by the play's themes, he decided to create a drag queen persona.
Groove worked as "coach" in "Bishow", a segment in the Rede Globo program Amor e Sexo in which contestants competed as drag queens.
As a "queer, effeminate, a non-white drag queen.
Due to the low 1.5 wing aspect ratio, low-speed drag is high, and the aircraft requires high thrust at take-off.
She secretly poisoned Yumeko to drag her and her friends into a card game with Yumeko's life on the line.
Parts of the wings and fuselage were reinforced and outfitted with flush riveting for increased strength and reduced drag over the Sling 4.
These forces include any externally applied forces, forces due to the dislocation interacting with itself or other dislocations, forces from obstacles such as solutes or precipitates, and the drag force on the dislocation due to its motion, which is proportional to its velocity.
Finneas revealed in a tweet that "I Love You" is one of his favorite songs he and Eilish wrote: "It's very sincere, and a thing that I've been trying to write about for a long time — which is, when you fall in love with someone and it's a drag."
 Walter Dempster, Philippine drag queen and World War II sex slave
Through the 1970s, the airport would close to air traffic on Friday and Saturday nights for drag racing on the runway.
Bunny Breckinridge, 93, American actor and drag queen.
In 2017, the comedy video website Funny or Die released a sketch with Trump played by a drag queen.
She began dancing at charity and political events as the belly dancing "Dancing Queer", a beard-wearing drag persona who embodies her political statements about body hair, beauty standards, gender expression, sexuality and more.
Early examples of the M22 had no air brakes but later Göppingen type brakes, mounted on the rear of the main spar at the start of the drag strut, deployed above and below the wing.
She explained that the queens who competed in RuPaul's Drag Race has similar family experiences of rejection, and talked about those stories inspiring the viewers in dealing with their own problems.
The 2019 NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Season was announced on July 25, 2018.
They are a group of men who appear on each season of Drag Race.
Turner auditioned for RuPaul's Drag Race multiple times before being cast for the eighth season.
Vulture ranked Turner number 53 on their list of "Every Snatch Game Impersonation on RuPaul's Drag Race, Ranked".
In 2018, Instinct ranked Turner number 80 in the article, "The Definitive List: Ranking All the RuPaul's Drag Race Queens from 1 to 126", and Stephen Daw of Billboard ranked Les Chicken Wings (a group composed of Turner, Kim Chi, and Naomi Smalls) number 18 on his list of the "50 Best Musical Moments" on the show.
He quit his job and started his career as a full-time drag king.
After a comedic skit of tai chi, the contestants spoke about the criticism that Hugo Grrrl and Trinity Ice received for being transgender and a drag queen.
An exótico is a lucha libre style professional wrestler who performs in drag.
Sainz was caught out at turn 16 on lap 18, which caused him to run wide and aquaplane on the slippery drag strip area of the track before narrowly avoiding the barriers.
Often compared to Ferrari, whose car featured straight-line speed, low drag, and high-speed prowess, its victories were often attributed to the ease in working the new Pirelli tire concept with its overwhelming downforce.
The Chimeras cause destruction, drag civilians into the Astral Plane via wormholes, and spread "red matter" that corrupts living things and humans.
They often discuss behind-the-scenes topics from RuPaul's Drag Race, where RuPaul and Visage are also hosts.
Hornet stated "Any Drag Race fan knows that if they want the scoop, they should listen to What's the Tee?"
Bosco, a contestant on season 14 of RuPaul's Drag Race, has hosted events at the bar.
Pride in Hull 2019 featured performances from Alaska Thunderfuck, the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, Claire Richards of Steps and girl group Honeyz.
The event was part of the "Club Kai Kai" series, which caters to the LGBT community and features "a rave-style club scene with plenty of drag royalty, voguing and butterflies for the stomach".
The first two production variants, like the prototype, had no airbrakes but these were introduced on the R-08d, initially designated R-09, mounted on the rear of the spar between the tapered section and the drag strut.
In order to learn where water could be found, Besley claimed he seized an Indigenous Australian, tied him to Besley's bicycle, and "there he was compelled to drag along after him, of which he soon tired, and leaving the main track led the way to water".
"Leather impresses me", he said later, contrasting it with drag and swish.
Unapologetically is the debut EP by American drag queen Monét X Change, released on February 22, 2019, through Randall House.
She also spoke of her desire for the release to help her to be seen as an artist and musician like Brazilian singer and drag queen Pabllo Vittar, while also being influenced by artists like SZA, H.E.R.
The show started as a special branded as Drag Me Down the Aisle which aired on March 9, 2019.
The engine was cowled to reduce drag.
Her drag mom is Armani Nicole Davenport.
After Drag Race, D'Wayne moved to Katy.
He had a share in the development of the catalytic converter, the lowering of the drag coefficient, making the diesel engine suitable for middle-class cars and the track-stabilized steering.
Jerome Caja, 37, American mixed-media painter, drag queen, and performance artist, AIDS.
It features cameo appearances by makeup artist James Charles and drag queens Shea Couleé, Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, and Mayhem Miller.
GamePros The Rookie was more vehement: "The players are flat and 2D, while occasionally bad camera angles really drag down the action.
The lift infrastructure moves skiers with the help of 10 cable cars, 18 chairlifts and 5 drag lifts.
However, he managed to climb onto and up the cliff despite the drag of his climbing rope passing along a highly contorted route behind him.
The Absolut will be priced higher than the Jesko due to the development work taken to lower the drag coefficient.
It was released in July 2018 under Drag City Records.
We returned to the solution with a drive unit in a pushing configuration, enclosing it in a gondola to reduce the overall aerodynamic drag, and adopting a quadripal helix with variable pitch, with the possibility of adjustment to the ground, coming from another model.
The film centres on the drag ballet troupe Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo.
Charles King as Drag
Burton won an artist residency from the Wexner Center for the Arts to make a new film, a documentary on gender and parenting called Drag Queens Made Me a Better Parent, inspired by her TEDx talk.
Waters, who visited with his friend, the future drag icon Divine, found Martick's a formative location for the group of artists that would eventually become known as the Dreamlanders.
Diagonal drag struts near the root were made from steel tubes.
The low drag airframe with cantilever wings and the retractable landing gear was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time were not adequate to realize the potential of the plane.
This has required direct sub-ice observations of pressure-induced supercooling; multi-phase fluid flow; roughness and drag at the interface; and buoyancy-driven convection.
The song was used for the Spotify playlist of the Mexican television series La Casa de las Flores in 2019 and in one of the episodes, an impersonating drag queen of Rubio performs the song.
RuPaul's Drag Race episodes
Saraya is the first Palestinian drag king, performing under the stage name "Samimo".
Plywood also covered the wing ahead of an internal, diagonal drag strut on each side.
On the main stage, Asia and Eureka, alongside their drag daughters America O'Hara and Eufreaka, received positive reviews for their performances and make-overs, but were declared safe.
The bottom queens of the week were Aquaria, Kameron and Monet, who were criticized for not having a make-over resemblance to their drag daughters Capricia Corn, Kelly Michaels, and Short Change.
"Reality Stars: The Musical" is the fifth episode of the ninth season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, which aired on VH1 on April 21, 2017.
"Queens Behind Bars" is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, which aired on Logo on February 20, 2012.
The two-door model was dropped, aerodynamics were improved, with the car now having a drag coefficient of 0.32.
He then returned to New York City and started his business performing as Brita Filter, a drag queen, stating, "So after that finished, I came back to New York that day, and I decided I was going to take over New York!"
In 2020, Havea co-hosted the 21st annual GLAM Awards, alongside Bob the Drag Queen.
On January 23, 2020, Havea was announced as one of the thirteen contestants on the twelfth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, becoming the first Pasifika queen to appear on the show.
They then had to drag their heavy howitzers by road to Bayencourt; the Commanding Officer (CO) noted that the caterpillar tractor drivers  appeared not to have had any training with the guns attached.
Khubchandani performs in drag as LaWhore Vagistan who interweaves storytelling, standup comedy, body art, theater, and digital media.
With Khubchandani’s teaching, Vagistan is often featured as a guest-lecturer, allowing for an alternative, performing pedagogy, as presented by a South Asian drag queen.
Vagistan has performed at Austin International Drag Festival, Mustard Seed South Asian Film Festival, The Asia Society, AS220, Queens Museum, Jack Theater, Bronx Academy of Arts and Dance, Not Festival, and A.R.T.
The guest celebrity contestants for the third season's installment of "Snatch Game" were RuPaul's Drag Race judges Carson Kressley and Michelle Visage.
As in the first season, the second "Snatch Game" on Canada's Drag Race again depicted the characters arriving at the Snatch Game studio and being interviewed on the red carpet by Traci Melchor.
On a more critical reception of the challenge, Josh Lee, for PopBuzz, argues that while the annual challenge has given viewers some of the best moments from RuPaul's Drag Race, it is starting to feel stale overall.
 New York City Drag March
In 2018, Aquaria impersonated Trump during the Snatch Game challenge on the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
As a result, the dimensions of the rear wing can be reduced without a corresponding increase of aerodynamic drag.
Trixie Mattel: Moving Parts is a documentary film starring drag queen and singer-songwriter Trixie Mattel.
It features both original songs and covers performed in one take by Mattel on guitar, and includes new acoustic versions of the title song as well "Kitty Girl" from the finale of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars season 3.
RuPaul is an American daytime talk show hosted by drag queen and television host RuPaul.
Andriy Kravchenko (; born 3 December 1980) is a Ukrainian racecar driver, international record holder acting in the drag racing.
In the same year, he founded a sports team called "TopSpeed" to participate in drag racing.
When she was seventeen, her father was arrested for spousal abuse after Nadine and Edwin had to drag him away from their mother.
Two – The Bachelor, Big Mouth, Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, The Handmaid's Tale, The Haunting of Hill House, RuPaul's Drag Race,  Schitt's Creek, Sex Education
 The Long Drag (about the Settle–Carlisle line
The club would accept "some drag queens" but not women.
I had to drag information out of them.
Built around a single spar, aided by a short, angled inboard, internal drag strut, each half-wing was entirely plywood covered.
As well as being a black trans actress from the Midwest, Bloom is also a real-life drag ball house mother.
Early previews of the game mentioned playable game modes such as sprint, endurance and drag races but no support for multiplayer, and touted it for a 1997 release.
Among them was Dante's Inferno, one of the oldest identified gay bars in St. Louis, notorious for hosting drag shows.
The former glory of the East St. Louis nightclub scene included bars that catered to LGBTQ clientele, including an active ballroom and drag scene.
Description – The Faves selected three teams to represent their house at The Imperial Hotel - Drag N' Dine for the challenge.
The specimen was discovered on 12 December 1989 by a Flower Excavating Company drag line operator who was digging a new pond on the Burning Tree Golf Course grounds.
Shils formed Goldstreet Pictures, producing and directing Wigstock: The Movie, a musical documentary chronicling the largest drag performance festival in the world at the time of the AIDS crisis.
On 23 April 2011, a first official single called I've Got the Power was released, under the name of "The Sisters of Divine Pleasure", featuring Knight as drag queen Titless Strangé.
Shikar Verma found Shmila's direction "assured and proactive", and wrote that Montana is a "well made coming of age film that questions choices that can trigger & change lives while one takes a single drag of a cigarette.
"Super Queen" was featured on the fourth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
A drag performer is a person who dresses in clothes associated with the sex or gender they do not identify with for special occasions to perform and entertain or engage in social activism.
They also plan to continue to work in various media, as they have done, in drag performance, hand-poke tattooing, and jewelry.
The fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars was announced by VH1 on August 19, 2019.
Kadarius Toney of the New York Giants drew criticism for seeming to ignore the gravity of the situation and excuse Ruggs when he tweeted, "We young…..everybody make mistakes… he know he messed up don’t drag em for it……that's goofy to me…."
The film centres on Queen Lactatia, Laddy GaGa, Suzan Bee Anthony and Bracken Hanke, four young children from Canada, the United States and Europe who perform as drag entertainers, and performed together for the first time at Fierté Montréal in 2018.
Burnout is a drag racing simulation, featuring both heads up eliminator and bracket racing.
Sonoma Raceway, formerly Sears Point Raceway and Infineon Raceway is a  road course and drag strip located on the landform known as Sears Point in the southern Sonoma Mountains in Sonoma, California, USA.
 Tom London as Drag Conners 
Music videos were made for both the title track and "The Drag Alphabet", with the former serving as the EP's lead single.
Drag is dress-up for girls and boys, and it's pretty hard to mess up.
In "The Drag Alphabet", Nina West introduces "some of her favorite slang in the business" using the alphabet, with lyrics like "A is for absolutely" and "Z is for Zsa Zsa".
In June 2019, the production company World of Wonder announced that Drag Is Magic with Nina West, featuring songs from her EP and other comedic sketches based on 1990s youth programming, would premiere in September.
Kiley wrote, "It's catchy and clean fun for the whole family, and even adult fans who don't have kids are appreciative of the effort Nina is putting into both making family friendly drag as well as reaching out to kids who may already know that they want to do some exploring outside of gender norms."
It features her teaching a group of seven children about drag using the alphabet; the group forms a conga line at the end of the video.
John Goodman is a comedy EP by American drag performer Nina West, released on May 17, 2019.
In 1931, the Baltimore Afro-American covered a local drag ball.
I Am Divine, a 2013 documentary film produced and directed by Jeffrey Schwarz that focuses on the life of actor, singer and drag performer Divine.
Divine (gay), an actor, singer, and drag queen closely associated with the independent filmmaker John Waters.
Sugarsketcher: An intuitive web-based drag and drop tool for rendering SNFG images.
Cris of The News Minute rated the movie 2/5 stars and said, "The movie begins promisingly enough, becomes a drag after a point and the issue of moral policing that it deals with is not handled well."
When Basavaraj Patil threatens to drag them to court, he is branded as a naxalite and is killed in a fake encounter conducted by S. P. on the orders of Bhallala.
Criticism of the increasingly corporate and rules-heavy event reached a tipping point in 1994 (the 25th anniversary of the Stonewall riots), resulting in the first Drag March.
It was built around a single box spar and internal, oblique drag struts near the fuselage.
Andy Kryza of Time Out wrote that the American Song Contest's biggest challenge is "the relative homogeneity of the American musical landscape," that its pop stars need to be paired with colorful performers like drag queens, wrecking crews, clowns, gospel singers, and the like.
Each inner section is internally braced against drag loads with diagonal struts from the spars, meeting centrally, and against lift loads by an external single steel strut from the section's outer end to the fuselage keel.
James B. Whiteside (born 1984), also known by the stage names JbDubs and Ühu Betch, is an American ballet dancer, choreographer, model, drag queen, and recording artist.
He has his own line of clothing at Drag Queen Merch.
He worked with the Blue Ballet, a dance troupe of exclusively transvestite or drag dancers.
The album's surprise release was announced by Alaska in a television advertisement which aired during the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Alaska announced the release of her album Vagina in a television advertisement which aired on May 24, 2019, during the reunion special of the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
June 21, The Library After Hours: Pride, Love & Resistance: Stonewall 50, including Drag Queen Story Hour, at Stephen A. Schwarzman Building.
The music video aims to pay homage to New York City artists, as it features an abundance of local dancers and a Brooklyn-based drag queen, Merrie Cherry.
 Marsha P. Johnson was a Black, gay, and gender nonconforming artist, drag queen, and activist who fought for gay liberation and AIDS awareness.
Sylvia Rivera variously self-identified as a gay transvestite, drag queen, and in gender fluid terms.
Rivera co-founded the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR), a group dedicated to helping homeless young gay kids, street kids, drag queens, and trans women.
Wallis enjoyed the game, his only criticism being that "The final stage can drag on a little too long."
During the first 25 minutes, the extra drag increased about 100 counts, inducing a speed diminishing about 10 knots.
By June 2019 there were no published performance specifications for the design, but the company claimed that it would be faster and with greater range than comparable aircraft, due to the lower drag of its no-fuselage design.
Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Jr. (, ; born 1 August 1990), drag pseudonym Faluda Islam, is a Pakistani visual artist, performance artist and curator.
The album was written chronologically, with Straus stating that she named the album Cheap Queen after the drag term for a queen that is "resourceful, making something out of not very much".
The main feature of the design is the twin-part rear wing which is an application of the drag reduction system (DRS) used in Formula One.
To reduce drag, the air inlet for the oil cooler was eliminated.
While an undergraduate student at Hollins University, Pyle performed as a drag king and explored post-modern dance forms.
As a result of these smaller engines, specialised racing cars tend to be more sensitive to forces acting upon them, and minor increases in the amount of this drag, weight, and friction forces can have a much larger impact on the work-load and efficiency of the engine.
With a conventional suspension system, shock dampers and other similar components are positioned underneath the vehicle, disturbing air around them and reducing the efficiency with which air is moved over and around the vehicle, generating substantial drag.
Both are built around a single spar with ply covering ahead of it forming a torsion-resistant D-box and have internal, angled drag struts from the inner spar to the wing mounting on the upper fuselage which act also as the rear of longer-chord D-boxes.
Both designs have airbrakes mounted on the rear of the spars, though the more angled drag struts of the S.25 allow its airbrakes to be wider.
There, she meets several extraordinary women, and continues her quest to figure out love by interviewing them: Ramona, the drag king; Dominique, a Hungarian bohemian type; and Susie Sexpert, who owns a collection of incredible dildos.
The NYC event is considered the "world's largest celebration of drag culture" with 100,000 attendees.
He also said, "For us, drag has always been political!"
Another highlight was the staging of an all-ages version of the Sasha Velour's popular monthly drag show Nightgowns.
that does not water down the brand, “The con needs to be like a drag queen,” Barbato said, “Endlessly surprising and packed with treats,” Bailey adds.
At the 2019 24 Hours of Le Mans Test Day, the team debuted a new low-downforce kit, designed to reduce the overall drag on the car, due to the previous aerokit being a revised WEC Sprint kit, with Le Mans specific revisions.
Towards the end it was apparent that the arena was a drag on the program, with inconsistent ice and very sparse seating, and in 1975 the Thompson Arena was completed and served as the next home for the Big Green.
The Drag March takes place on Friday night as a kick-off to NYC Pride weekend.
Activist Gilbert Baker, creator of the Rainbow Flag, aka Sister Chanel 2001 with the drag activist troop Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, recently moved to the city from San Francisco, and Brian Griffin, aka Harmonie Moore Must Die,  created the alternate event.
Harmonie was also a member of Church Ladies for Choice, an activist drag troop that countered the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue.
The first drag march had an estimated 10,000 participants spread over ten blocks.
The 25th Drag March took place June 28, 2019, coinciding with Stonewall 50 – WorldPride NYC, the largest international LGBTQ event in history.
Big Dipper cohosted the podcast Unbearable with Meatball a bear drag queen.
Jon Caramanica from The New York Times applauded the inclusion of LGBT celebrities and drag queens as "a worthy celebration", but also wrote it was "plausible cover".
She quickly opened up a gap and managed to keep it up the steep drag to the finish line.
Insulted that the Coca-Cola she requested has not been provided, Ma refuses to begin the recording session; assigning Slow Drag and Sylvester to get her one.
Cutler and Slow Drag leave in horror as a regretful Levee cradles Toledo's corpse.
Spotlighting the art of drag and centered on the New York staple Wigstock, Wig showcases the personalities and performances that influence the way that people understand queerness, art and identity in today's world.
In April 2021, Peck was featured on American drag queen and singer Trixie Mattel's EP, Full Coverage, Vol.
Executive director Aria Sa'id explained that they did not wish to "continue honoring [Gene Compton] and his restaurant", as "he was a huge reason behind having drag queens, queer, and trans folks arrested".
The first promotional video for Affinity Publisher was shown by Serif in December 2017, demonstrating features such as the drag & drop functionality, and text flow between frames.
In September 2016, the band's second album, Drag it Down on You, was released.
These cleared away due to drag as they reentered the atmosphere, but once again, this occurred at too low an altitude to attack.
Similar to the NASA X-57 Maxwell, the distributed propulsion reduces wingtip vortices and add low speed lift by blowing the wing, enabling a smaller, lower drag wing.
The story follows and is based upon the true-life story of 16-year-old British schoolboy Jamie Campbell, as he overcomes prejudice and bullying, to step out of the darkness and become a drag queen.
At school, Jamie shows the heels to his best friend Pritti Pasha - a girl constantly harassed for her religion - and confesses his desire to be a drag queen.
Jamie goes to a drag shop, House of Loco, where he intends to find his first dress.
Jamie informs his mother and Ray of the visit to the shop and his upcoming drag show, and over the next few weeks earns enough money to buy the dress.
When Jamie arrives in art class, his classmates ridicule him, and he responds by telling them about his drag show, determined not to be shamed ("Work of Art (Reprise)")
Margaret and Ray arrive at the show, along with Dean and his friends who intend to ridicule Jamie’s drag performance, and Margaret sends Jamie flowers and a card which she pretends is from Wayne, which Jamie is thrilled to receive.
The next day at school, the whole school gossips about the drag show ("Everybody's Talking About Jamie").
Jamie arrives, not in drag or as Mimi Me, but as himself, Jamie, dressed in a traditional girls’ prom dress with no makeup.
Richard E. Grant as Hugo Battersby / Loco Chanelle, a former drag queen and Jamie's mentor.
Gareth Joyner as Myra Dubois, a drag queen at Legs Eleven and a friend of Hugo.
When Governor Edmund Andros was deposed and arrested in 1689 it was Dedham's Daniel Fisher who "burst into [John] Usher's house, to drag forth the tyrant by the collar, to bind him and cast him into a fort" and eventually send him back to England to stand trial.
They were featured in a 2021 New York Times article by Frank DeCaro profiling notable American drag kings.
It counted with the appearances of drag queen Monét X Change, actress Sofia Boutella, and YouTuber Gigi Gorgeous.
In the United States the series premiered on WOW Presents Plus, the streaming service of RuPaul's Drag Race production company World of Wonder, concurrently with its Canadian debut.
On September 26, 2019, it was announced that the judges panel will include RuPaul's Drag Race season 11 runner-up Brooke Lynn Hytes, actor Jeffrey Bowyer-Chapman and fashion model Stacey McKenzie.
The Toronto special was directly produced by Crave; the Montreal event was produced by a separate company, but received some production assistance and sponsorship from Crave and the Canada's Drag Race production team.
In its December 2020 year in review, the Canadian film and television industry magazine Playback named Canada's Drag Race the Unscripted Series of the Year.
111 is the third studio album by Brazilian singer and drag queen Pabllo Vittar, released on March 26, 2020, by Sony Music Brasil.
 Drag Race France (2022)
In addition to the interviews, the film contains footage documenting a drag ball.
The music video was directed by Deni Kukura and features drag queens Ma'maQueen, Abby Omg and Inga Shubskaya.
Sassy Science is a drag queen disseminator of science and makes appearances wearing a crown and matching dress with the pattern of graphene.
Preliminary Research Aerodynamic Design to Lower Drag, or Prandtl-D was an unmanned experimental glider-aircraft developed by NASA.
3 first flew Oct. 28, 2015, with double the wingspan of the earlier versions, however, through development, the team managed to reduce the final glider's drag by 11%.
Drag Me to Hell (Rham Jas (Dileep Rao))
The player was able to float multiple pills at once and even drag pills through obstacles to specific positions as long as the pill feasibly fit.
Notably, the Dubonnet Xenia has fender skirts that cover almost the entirety of the rear wheels to reduce drag, a technique pioneered 10 years earlier on a land speed record attempt car.
Bejar also revealed that there are "halfway to final mixes of an album's worth of music" but that the decision to release them is up to Drag City.
In June 2018, Berman moved to Chicago, Illinois, living alone in a spare room above the Drag City office.
Because the car does not require a radiator, the grille is closed; additional tweaks to the undercarriage and rear apron were made to reduce aerodynamic drag.
The low disc loading annular lift fan system introduces tremendous momentum drag and nose-up pitching moment during the transition from VTOL to cruise.
A special gliding transitional strategy was proposed to reduce the drag and pitching moment.
According to the CFD simulations, turbofans with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 0.3 can enable a top forward speed of Mach 0.62 (759 km/h) based on aerodynamic drag predictions, much faster than helicopters and tiltrotors.
"Flash Pose" is a song by Brazilian singer and drag queen Pabllo Vittar featuring English singer-songwriter Charli XCX.
 RuPaul's Drag Race (VH1)
 RuPaul's Drag Race (Episode: "Trump: The Rusical") (VH1) Dancing with the Stars (Episode: "The Premiere") (ABC)
 RuPaul's Drag Race (Episode: "Trump: The Rusical") (VH1) Dancing with the Stars (Episode: "Halloween Night") (ABC)
La Paloma nightclub offered patrons performances from women stripping on stage and early drag queens known as "female impersonators" telling jokes and singing.
The film, conceived by Christian Blackwood and narrated by Uwe Johnson, followed a block party organized by the Peace and Freedom Party, protestors outside City Hall, old age home residents, two heroine addicts, drag pageant contestants, and many others, making it a diverse display of New York City life.
It is built around a single spar and an inboard, internal, diagonal drag strut rearwards to the fuselage on each side.
It was also used in Season 10 of the television show RuPaul's Drag Race in "lip sync for your life" between Kameron Michaels and Monét X Change.
The first season focused on four main topics in Taiwan: religion and the marriage equality movement, the drag culture, sex and disability, and surrogacy.
Drag My Dad is a television series streamed by MTV on Facebook Watch, starting in 2019.
She performed for years as a live-singing drag queen doing parodies of operas at the Black Cat Bar, and declaring herself Empress Norton, founded the Imperial Court System, one of the oldest and largest LGBTQ organizations in the world, with chapters throughout North America.
The construction of the outer wing was typical for its era: a diagonal drag strut braced the spar to the fuselage and the wing was ply-skinned ahead of it.
He gestures her to be quiet, but a couple drive up and drag him away, throwing him into the trunk of their car.
 Shea Couleé, drag queen and reality TV personality
In September 2014 the fashion brand American Apparel recruited RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Alaska, Courtney Act, and Willam to be the faces of their new ad campaign.
It was released on August 2, 2019 under Drag City.
Because the asthenosphere is weak, ridge push and other driving forces are enough to deform it and allow the lithosphere to slide over it, opposed by drag at the lithosphere-asthenosphere boundary and resistance to subduction at convergent plate boundaries.
Models estimate that ridge push is probably just sufficient to overcome plate drag and maintain the motion of the plate in most areas.
 2014: Showboy by Samuel Leighton-Dore: the drag queen
Rolling Stone's Claire Shaffer stated that Swift "dons full drag to portray the worst of masculinity".
In June of 2021, Alus released “Wig!” featuring Cakes da Killa with sampled vocals from Canada's Drag Race Lemon in honor of  Pride Month.
Not long after, a drag queen simulated Jędraszewski's murder on stage, stirring controversy.
After priest and monks in his diocese held demonstrations over the killing of a man by police in March 2014, Kopong Kung refused to denounce the clergy who protested but warned them to not drag the Catholic church in Indonesia into politics.
He hoped to drag the Sasanian garrison into a battle far from the city walls, and after defeating them, capture the undefended city, which was seemed impregnable otherwise.
The film also makes use of both cross-gender acting, with three significant characters (King's mother, J. Israël Tarte and Lady Violet) portrayed by cross-gender performers in drag, and colour-blind casting, with two White Anglo-Saxon Protestant characters (Bert Harper and Dr. Wakefield) portrayed by Asian-Canadian actors.
Chipz is a part of "The Buffalo Girls", a drag troupe also featuring Lady Lloyd and Silver Summers.
In December 2019 Chipz, alongside fellow RuPaul's Drag Race UK contestant The Vivienne, began starring in Morning T&T on WOW Presents Plus.
Blu was announced as part of the cast of RuPaul's Drag Race UK on 21 September 2019 and subsequently finishing in fifth place on the series, being eliminated in the "Thirsty Work" episode, losing the lipsync to fellow contestant Cheryl Hole.
She now also hosts the new BBC web series Strictly Frocked Up, a weekly web series where she and another drag queen watch and review each episode of Strictly Come Dancing.
On 21 August 2019, Hole was announced as one of the 10 queens to be competing in the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
In January 2022, she was announced as one of the nine contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World.
Munro moved to London, England in the late 2000s, initially to work as an aerial performer in the circus, before expanding into drag performance.
She was subsequently announced as the host of Group Sext, a social distancing-themed LGBTQ dating reality show, for OutTV, and as a drag mentor in the competition series Call Me Mother.
Farrow started drag in 2005.
In December 2017, De Campo hosted Superbia's Drag Queen Story Time, in which she read stories to young children.
Scaredy Kat is one of the few queens on Drag Race not to be gay, saying: "I just go out with anyone I fall in love with really."
Sum Ting Wong is the stage name of Bo Zeng, a drag queen from Birmingham.
She competed on the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
In May 2015, she was crowned the UK Ambassador of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In November 2019, she was crowned the first winner of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Guests on the web series included fellow Drag Race UK alumni Sum Ting Wong as Queen Elizabeth II and Cheryl Hole as Gemma Collins.
Before performing in drag, Jacob studied at the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts in order to become an actor.
Labour leader Keir Starmer said in relation to the book, "I approach politics on the basis that we should treat people with respect ... Obviously, respect differences of opinion, but I do not go along with the idea that we should drag everybody into the gutter."
As they prepare for a drag race, an electromagnetic interference suddenly occurs, followed by an earthquake that swallows Kevin and his car.
The first event was held at the Eureka Valley/Harvey Milk Memorial Branch Library in the LGBT Castro neighborhood of San Francisco and featured drag queen Persia and was well received.
As of February 2020, there are 50+ official chapters of DQSH, spread internationally, as well as other drag artists holding reading events at libraries, schools, bookstores, and museums.
Nina West and other drag queens have started live-streaming readings.
DQSH events have met with opposition towards the drag queens, and the books being read.
The wing was braced to the bottom fuselage beam with a single strut on each side, assisted by drag wires from the nose.
She attended sporting events during her childhood, including American football, basketball, drag racing, and dirt track racing.
Paul Solotaroff stated in a 2009 article in Men's Journal that "nine out of 10 kids come in sorely behind in most subjects and drag along with them the kinds of chaos that KIPP and YES committees screen out."
This exhibition showcased the history of Pride Canterbury through exhibits, photographs and film, in addition to information about the Stonewall riots, the origin of Pride parades, and the history of drag.
According to World of Wonder (WOW) co-founder Fenton Bailey, "RuPaul was the first drag queen associated with beauty (products), with MAC Cosmetics in the 1990s."
A photo later emerged on social media of Willoughby posing with drag queens at Harrogate Pride – though Willoughby said this was a paid engagement, at which she had been asked to have her photograph taken with "colourful characters."
Pokinwuttipob was announced as one of the fourteen contestants for the second season of Drag Race Thailand, that began airing on January 11, 2019.
 Drag of the Year: Tollie & Dolores
However, then Nick has not shown up to the latest date with Josh, who is unaware of Nick's active marriage with his wife and affair with a drag queen.
This is necessary to overcome asymmetry-induced transport which acts as a drag on the plasma and tends to oppose the RW torque.
The fleet faced a strong headwind on the return trip and, with increased drag from those with retained missiles or seized engines, some of the aircraft required an additional refueling for the flight back to Barksdale.
is an American residency show in Las Vegas, Nevada featuring past competitors from the television show RuPaul's Drag Race.
RuPaul's Drag Race Live!
The show's score includes songs from the past eleven seasons of RuPaul’s Drag Race and new numbers, written by RuPaul, Leland, and World of Wonder's chief creative officer Tom Campbell and produced by Gabe Lopez. "
On July 22, 2020, a six part documentary series called RuPaul's Drag Race: Vegas Revue was announced, which premiered on August 21, 2020 on VH1.
 Mikić Savo, History of Yugoslav Aviation, 1933, Printing House Drag.
In single-sided subduction system, the subducted oceanic slab would drag the continental crust along the subduction zone, leading to crustal thickening and high-grade metamorphism.
Mika directed, wrote, produced, and playesd the lead role in the short film GURL about the life of drag queen Carmen Rupe.
Around 1960 the car was being raced at an illegal drag strip when it struck a telephone pole and suffered body damage.
This is because most aerodynamic drag is caused by surface anomalies less than a centimetre long, not larger uneven forms.
He's appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race as a dancer and choreographer.
They tell her the ending is "inevitable" and surround and drag her off stage ("Inevitable").
Miss'd America is an annual drag pageant held in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.
In the 1990s, the Miss America Organization frowned on Miss'd America and encouraged its contestants, employees and volunteers to keep their distance from the drag pageant.
As the drag pageant grew in size and influence, however, the relationship between it and its namesake improved.
The video showed him in drag at an event, with captions "Deliberately concealing that, for power, money or fame?"
She began exploring the Brooklyn drag scene in the early 2010s.
Charlene and Pixie Aventura, amongst other notable drag queens and performers such as Kevin Aviance, Flotilla Debarge, and Amanda Lepore, were featured in Wig, a 2019 documentary by Chris Moukarbel.
She has written and spoken about drag, gender and sexuality, and queer identity and the media for BuzzFeed News and Out Magazine.
The first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK began airing on 3 October 2019 on the BBC Three section of BBC iPlayer and WOW Presents Plus's WOW Presents Plus streaming service.
In a more critical review, Vulture stated in its review of the finale that although the season "may have hit some true highs... it couldn’t save Drag Race from its worst impulses".
When a bunch of ghouls attack in order to drag them to Hell, they are saved by Hank.
During the design process, solutions to reduce drag were tested in a wind tunnel.
She played a key role in Manhattan's drag bar scene in the middle of the 20th century.
Singers and other kinds of performers provided the entertainment, individuals like drag king Malvina Schwartz, also known as Buddy "Bubbles" Kent, whose 1983 Lesbian Herstory Archives oral history chronicles her time spent there.
It was a gay cabaret venue  and drag queens such as Buddy "Bubbles" Kent, who had worked at Anna's Caravan Club, also worked at the 181.
Additional insight had been given by Henry "Adrian" Oranco, a drag queen who worked under Anna's supervision at Club 82.
Using the full power of the engine, the pumps were engaged while the vessel continued to drag her anchors.Walk-in-the-Water was now in imminent danger of foundering, and a decision was made to run the vessel towards the shore.
He holds on to Holly's watch out of the window, attempting to drag her to death with him.
The song was also featured in the season 14 premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race in a lip sync between June Jambalaya and Orion Story.
The W223 directs heat from the engine to the wheel arches and underbody to improve airflow and has a drag coefficient of 0.22.
Lines such as “Escaping as I drag my entrails dribbling out of me,” “My flayed open belly,” “Your penis that skewers me from my mouth to my anus like a thread” that portray figures such as prostitutes consistently appear in her poems from Teureongkeu (1995) to Bogo sipeun oppa (2016).
The music video for "Monster Mash", released on the same day, features an appearance by drag performer Alaska Thunderfuck, Sharon Needles' ex-partner.
His family immigrated to the Little Haiti neighborhood in Miami, Florida when he was ten, and when he was fifteen he started going to the city’s drag shows.
In May 2019 Them noted his influences as “the kitsch, excess, and color of Miami, where he was raised after moving from Lima, Peru, as well as the drag queens and club kids he encountered growing up.”
Firstly, being small molecules and either poorly absorbed or not absorbed at all, they drag water into the intestine via osmosis.
During this serve, the ball is moving in the air without spin, allowing drag, lift, and turbulent air flow to have a big effect on its movement.
This along with the decrease in drag coefficient contributes to the random movement of the volleyball, which results in the ball moving left, right, up, down, or a combination of them all.
As the air surrounding the volleyball transitions from laminar to turbulent flow, also known as the drag crisis, the erratic movement of the trailing air causes lift in the ball at random locations, leading to random movement of the ball.
Griffith is the only women to perform the Tad Elder Suicide Drag in her act.
is a spin-off of the American reality competition RuPaul's Drag Race, currently airing on the cable channel VH1.
The series returned to cable television, now on VH1, on March 22, 2018, coinciding with the tenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In this companion series, RuPaul presents a documentary of contestants' conversation in the green room, replays pertinent moments from Drag Race, and airs deleted footage.
At the start of the seventh season of the Drag Race, Untucked reverted to a webseries, as part of the World of Wonder YouTube page.
Chucky Bartolo (born Andrew Bartolo; 5 July 1993) is a Maltese stand-up comedian and drag queen.
Professional Drag Racers Association
In 2019, he also appeared in one episode of De TV kantine playing the character of BeaulaLinda in a parody of RuPaul's Drag Race.
He is most noted for his roles as barber Méo Bellemare in the films Babine and Ésimésac and as drag queen Veronica Sinclair in Cover Girl, and as the stage director of many theatrical plays by Michel Tremblay.<ref>"René Richard Cyr et Michel Tremblay : un duo prolifique depuis 30 ans".
Peter Brooks originally played the Swaggie, but was replaced by drag Swagman impersonator Nellie Kolle.
Furthermore, in 2018, Laith became the first transgender member of the pit crew in Rupaul's Drag Race.
Poof Doof Drag Jamboree
However, the Colonel manages to kill Bhunnu and possess Vikram, using his body to drag Saanvi to the sacrificial altar in the mountain tunnel.
The vortex generators very efficiently create downforce on the front axle with a negligible increase in drag.
After graduating from high school, Nishimura moved to the United States and studied at Dean College, where he asked drag queens working at makeup stores questions about what to buy.
They had to drag him along, and they beat him again and again because he refused to bow to any image sacred to Ceasar.
It had chemically milled metal wings to reduce weight and highly polished wing surfaces in an attempt to maintain laminar flow over them, together with a low profile fuselage to minimize drag.
The fest includes traditional standup showcases, industry panels, podcasts, drag bingo, parody game shows, and strip shows.
Tina Burner has been named National Miss Comedy Queen, and competed on thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race where she was eliminated in episode 11, finishing in seventh place.
Nina West (Andrew Levitt's drag persona) began work on the project in July 2019.
The West Christmas Ever was released by Producer Entertainment Group on November 8, 2019, following her previous EPs Drag Is Magic and John Goodman (both released on the same label on May 17, 2019).
Garrán writes that Paulina "appears conservative but enjoys forming bonds with drag queens and prisoners", an attribute that Suárez compares against the "contradiction" of the conservative Mexico that refuses to accept its transgressive side yet still has Juan Gabriel as one of its most beloved figures.
Batman manages to knock Joker off the balcony, only for him to drag Batman and Vale down with him, leaving them dangling off the ledge.
Basira asks how they would do it, and Annabelle tells them if they can destroy the Panopticon and the pupil of the Eye simultaneously, the Tape Recorders would become a powerful anchor, and would drag the Entities through The Rift.
Being hydraulically actuated, the centerboard was intended to be raised when sailing downwind to reduce whetted area and drag, as in dinghy sailing.
Approximately 18 minutes long, Decoded has six tracks, with them being performed by Divina de Campo (the stage name of British drag queen Owen Richard Farrow) and written by Tomas Costanza, Paul Coultrup, Farrow, and Ashley Levy.
The "SIBS Music Remix" of "A Drag Race Song" was released on 15 May 2020, and the Gratify EP featuring the original track and three remixes was released on 26 June.
RuPaul's Drag Race UK
The thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race premiered on January 1 and concluded on April 23, 2021.
The winner of the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race was Symone, with Kandy Muse as the runner-up and LaLa Ri as Miss Congeniality.
The Lowbrow Reader’s book anthology, The Lowbrow Reader Reader, was published in 2012 by Drag City, featuring work from the first eight issues.
Carl Mathews as Drag
Ursula in The Little Mermaid, was inspired by the drag queen Divine.
The club was known as one of the places most welcoming of gays on the West Coast, and became popular with drag queens.
Barbara is the third album by American drag queen, comedian, and singer-songwriter Trixie Mattel.
The stipe is relatively weak, but sufficient to anchor the algae given the low drag of the thallus.
Aside from the cigarettes, she remained a "kind of clean and sober straight-edge person,"  but when she started performing in drag clubs at age 21, she began abusing alcohol; she had her first drinks on her 21st birthday, consuming five and still not becoming intoxicated.
In her early 20s, she began performing in drag acts.
He disagreed with Para 66 of the verdict in which presiding judge Waqar Ahmed Seth directed law enforcement agencies to find Musharraf's body in case he dies without experiencing the punishment of hanging till death and drag his body to D-Chowk of Islamabad and hang it there for three days.
Nashom Wooden, 50, American drag performer (The Ones, Flawless, Swoon), COVID-19.
Lady Red Couture, 43, American drag queen, complications of cyclic vomiting syndrome.
 A study aiming to determine the drag force experienced by a wide range of ammonite shell shapes is published by Hebdon, Ritterbush & Choi (2020).
Having said that, long parts of The Great Believers drag and sink into banality."
The columns are rounded to reduce wave interactions, and the pontoons are streamlined to reduce drag.
He dresses in drag, as Pauleen Olivia Margaret or Paloma, to take gain her trust.
Other winning programs include Euphoria, I Know This Much Is True, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, The Morning Show, Mrs. America, Ozark, RuPaul's Drag Race, and Unorthodox.
In a live event, the show was announced on June 27, 2019 by ProSieben, a German TV channel; that a kind of Drag Race TV format will start to premiere in winter of the same year.
 Show theme: Show your personal drag style.
Queer Kid Stuff has covered LGBT topics such as homophobia, gay marriage, gender identity, drag, and the history of the Stonewall riots, as well as sexual education issues like consent.
On May 30th, 2020, coinciding with the finale of season 12 of RuPaul's Drag Race, "Bring Back My Girls" was released as the first single alongside the standalone single "The Shady Bunch" featuring the cast of season 12.
At age 15, he met Billy Schumacher, whose drag name was International Chrysis, at the Tenth of Always, a bar.
The scene is also inspired by and possibly mocking of Bert Savoy, a gay drag and burlesque entertainer who performed at the Old Howard Theatre where the scene is set.
RuPaul's Drag Race (Episode: "Whatcha Unpackin?")
In a letter to a friend she observed that, “First it is necessary to drag these brigand Jews by the hair of the head … and place them before a firing squad, since death is the penalty for high treason.
The Twin-60 had a conventional, fixed undercarriage with the mainwheels on a single axle mounted on short, shock-absorbing legs from the lower fuselage longerons ahead of the wings and with trailing drag struts.
The video features influencers from the world of makeup, including drag queens Alaska and Aquaria.
He graduated from Missouri State University, and first performed in drag at Springfield PrideFest in 2015.
In September 2021, Methyd embarked on "Crystal & Jujubee's Wonderland Euro Tour," her first international tour with fellow drag race alum Jujubee, performing in 7 different cities across Europe.
Dahlia Sin competed on the twelfth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
She has said that her drag "became very 1950s and 1940s inspired".
Goode participated in Werq the World Battle Royale, a livestreamed fundraiser and drag show held during the COVID-19 pandemic.
In 2020, her and fellow Drag Race contestant Valentina appeared in the music video for "I'm Ready" by Sam Smith and Demi Lovato.
In 2014, shortly after turning 18, Cheek's sister invited her to a drag show in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
He has experienced extreme poverty in his life and career, having indicated that he made $9,000 the year before competing on Ru Paul's Drag Race, while working at a gas station.
Heidi borrowed money from his boyfriend and friends for materials, then sewed all his looks with his drag sisters.
In 2009, Rose discovered drag.
His first performance as Jackie Cox was at a competition called So You Think You Can Drag at New World Stages in New York.
He cites Milwaukee's sense of community and diversity of drag as major influences.
She rose to prominence in the drag scene through pageantry, winning titles such as Miss Five, Miss Gay Madison, Miss Wisconsin Club, and Miss City of the Lakes.
In December, she will perform at the 2021 A Drag Queen Christmas event, produced by Murray & Peter.
On May 26th, 2021, she was announced as one of the 13 contestants on the sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, where she placed 7th overall.
On May 26, 2021, it was revealed that Jan would return to compete on RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars Season 6 alongside 12 other contestants.
Sanchez grew his drag persona by himself.
Sanchez's appearance on season 12 of RuPaul’s Drag Race was announced on January 23, 2020.
Disqualification from RuPaul's Drag Race
Fry took capoeira for six years prior to doing drag.
The King Bird's fixed undercarriage was conventional for the time, with wire-spoked, rubber-tyred wheels on a single axle which was mounted on short main legs with trailing drag struts.
RuPaul's Drag Race UK is a British reality competition streaming television series based on the American television series of the same name.
During the finale The Vivienne won the competition and was crowned the "UK's First Drag Superstar."
The third series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK was confirmed and casting was closed in November 2020.
Glamour has also demonstrated in full drag, including in front of former mayor Lyda Krewson's home.
Venus Boyz is the first documentary feature film on drag kings and female-to-male transgender persons.
Crew members often appear dressed only in designer underwear, and features as human props, and in sketches, mini-, and maxi-challenges to aid the drag queen contestants.
Tom Scanlon, a musical theater actor, and a drag queen in the quintet The Globe Girls.
Undine floats away and almost drowns, but Christoph is able to drag her to shore and revive her.
Both, lift and drag are increased in the extension of flaps.
Drag Heals is a Canadian reality television series, which premiered in 2018 on OutTV.
Mel "Angie Stardust" Michaels (1939 – 21 October 2007) was a singer, actress, and drag artist of the 1950s and 1960s and the first black star of New York's Club 82.
The fixed landing gear was also conventional, with wheels on split axles mounted below the fuselage centre-line, their outer ends on telescopic shock absorber legs and trailing drag struts from the lower longerons.
They are lighter, have less drag, and can be raised when not needed.
Beginning in the end of 2016, Mascara started an YouTube channel, themed mostly around Cosmetics and Drag.
Mascara is, after Courtney Act who took part in the Australian version of the show, only the second drag queen to compete in the BBC Worldwide's international Dancing with the Stars franchise.
The U5 exterior design has optimized aerodynamics to give a drag coefficient of 0.29.
They hold drag shows and community outreach programs at least once a month which generate funding from corporate and private donors to cover groceries and healthcare expenses for the members.
It was the 65th season of the National Hot Rod Association's top drag racing competition, and scheduled for 24 races.
Season one of the series consists of eight episodes, each of which focuses on one of the main cast members of Velour's NightGowns stage drag show.
Its large diameter wheels, fitted with brakes, were on a centrally hinged split axle held between main legs with oleo shock absorbers and near-horizontal drag struts.
Though he was having throat troubles in the mid-1950s which caused him to step back from performing for a time, he was nevertheless photographed in full glamour drag regalia in 1955 and 1956 by celebrity and theatrical photographer Maurice Seymour, who stars sought "because of his ability to portray them as they appeared to the audience 100 feet away.
Aptera's efficiency is obtained by combining two factors: low drag aerodynamics and lightweight resin filled sandwich-composite construction.
Traditional radiators with fans add drag and weight to most vehicles, including most BEVs.
 Willie Borsch (1930–1991), American AA/FA and funny car drag racer
He also launches a prejudiced attack on Scott Drinkwell (Ross Adams) while he is dressed in drag.
Sam Parriott, American drag racer
Shu will be the director of photography for Shiva Raichandani's Netflix directorial debut for their documentary film Peach Paradise slated for a premiere in 2022 featuring drag artist ShayShay and their pan-Asian collective The Bitten Peach.
The book explores areas of his life that, while making major improvements, Latimore put time into to “develop the ability to shrug off your critics and not let them drag you back down to their level.”
He has also frequently appeared in productions at the Shaw Festival and the Stratford Festival, and in touring productions of Rent and Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, and appeared as drag queen Therese in the first episode of Kim's Convenience.
Heat loss is controlled by reducing the surface to volume ratio, and thick insulating layers of blubber and/or fur, which also help with streamlining for reduced drag.
The body is fusiform to reduce drag in the water.
The meaning of the Māori word Takapūneke is "a bay to drag in a fishing net".
The Agong ended his speech by calling on politicians not to drag the country into any further political crisis when there was already a COVID-19 pandemic crisis.
Kratos (Greek: "Power") and Bia (Greek: "Violence"), the servants of Zeus, drag Prometheus to the Caucasus mountains, where, at Zeus' command, the reluctant Hephaistos chains Prometheus to a rock of the Caucasus.
 Super Pro (class), a driver classification in drag racing
Drag struts sloped upwards to the root of the rear wing strut.
Celebrity participation in "Stage Fright", the Monday-night drag show hosted by Marti Gould Cummings, was not uncommon.
Other prominent drag queens, including Sherry Vine, also had shows there.
In Industry's early days, Peppermint and Dallas DuBois hosted a weekly themed drag show called "Queen" there.
As of the same year, Industry's other weekly drag shows were hosted by performers including Sherry Vine, Tina Burner, Kizha Carr, Monét X Change and Phi Phi O'Hara.
Miz Cracker, who appeared on season 11 of Drag Race, said: "Everyone who's anyone goes to see 'Queen' on Thursdays at this giant lounge.
It features a lower 0.26 drag coefficient, which is .02 better than the ID.4.
She came to prominence as the first drag queen ever elected to public office in the United States.
Girl later began performing in drag.
She was elected in the election on April 16, 2019, becoming the first known drag queen ever elected to public office.
It has a 0.25 drag coefficient and a 2.82 m2 frontal area (thus m2).
Lincoln and Quinn go to meet Marshall but all they find are bloody drag marks.
Club, Alex McLevy gave the episode a C+ and wrote: "It started great and ended even better; if only there weren't that whole episode in between to drag it down."
At the Silverton Hotel, teams had to scull two shoeys from a women's high-heel boot, made of a blended concoction of the pub's menu items, before receiving their next clue from Australian drag queen Shelita Buffet.
Additionally, Revry releases original content, including the series Gayborhood, Before I Got Famous, and Drag Roast, as well as numerous podcasts.
Despite their SNL connection, the show's sketches were more reminiscent of Monty Python's Flying Circus: often quirky or surreal, frequently utilizing drag, with very few celebrity impressions or pop culture parodies; the only recurring celebrity impression was of Queen Elizabeth II, played by Thompson.
After their breakup in 1994, Manning and Dover formed Imperial Drag, a band which lasted until 1997.
Doris Herbert, who owned Drag News, would frequently ask Reyes to cover events since he would get the photos to her quickly.
The main legs, with rubber cord shock absorbers, and drag struts were mounted on the lower fuselage longerons.
The aim of the series is to allow drag and LGBT performers who have had shows cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic a chance to perform for their fans.
The High Speed Low Drag (HSLD) bomb is a family of new generation short range air-dropped precision-guided munition that is currently being developed by India's Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO).
The development started with the aim to replace the older generation imported general purpose bombs that impose huge drag loss on fighter aircraft used by the IAF.
From 22 May 2017, ARDE and IAF conducted a series of carriage as well as carriage release trials (CRT) for High Speed Low Drag 500 kg class unit, with both general purpose and precision guided variant at Pokhran range, Rajasthan.
Directed by Victoria Gimby, the cast included Wendi Peters as Vicky's mum, Sylvie; Matt Greenwood as Vicky; Nicola Bland as Vicky's best friend, Debbie; Ben Welch as drag queen, Fat Pearl; Adam Young as Vicky's love interest, Sid; and Stacey Victoria Bland as Vicky's friend, Gabby.
The Circle also became the topic of discussion on the sixth episode of I Like to Watch, where drag queens Trixie Mattel and Katya Zamolodchikova reacted to the first episode.
Non-binary drag performers
Taylor's book Drag Queens at the 801 Cabaret won the distinguished book award of the Sex and Gender Section of the American Sociological Association in 2005.
By 1989, he worked in Manhattan running the men's clothing department at Patricia Field's boutique while developing the drag queen persona Mona Foot with his friend and former roommate Lady Bunny.
From 1956 until 1966, Powerama was the name of an annual drag race that took place during Labour Day long weekend in Edmonton.
Its split-axle main undercarriage had its steel tube axles, legs and drag struts mounted on the lower longerons.
 George Chesebro as Henchman Drag
Later, in the 1990s, he co-founded a company, Aviation Partners, to design and sell winglets which enhanced performance of airplane wings at their tips, reducing drag.
The show subverts traditional forms of circus, cabaret and drag, and gently pokes fun at itself and the genre, whilst mocking popular stereotypes of gender and sexuality, the shows main theme is to celebrate the feminine, the masculine and everything in between.
The shows pervious guest drag performers include Le Gateau Chocolat, Art Simone, Myra DuBois and Karen from Finance, with circus performers including Beau Sargent, Kitty Bang Bang, Fancy Chance, Jared Dewey.
Roy is known for introducing various novel designs and configurations of plasma actuators for applications in mitigation of flow drag related fuel consumption, noise reduction, and active film cooling of turbine blades and propulsion.
Loggers would cut down trees in the surrounding areas and drag them to the Chain or the Pine River.
The dry suit should not unduly restrict the diver's freedom of movement, but should not be excessively baggy, which can trap gas in unwanted places, and can increase drag as well as causing buoyancy and trim problems.
A decompression buoy deployed towards the end of the dive as a signal to the surface that the diver has started to ascend, is not usually towed, so drag is not usually a problem.
"Madonna: The Unauthorized Rusical" is the seventh episode of the twelfth season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, which aired on VH1 on April 10, 2020.
It was noted also to have a drag coefficient of 0.75.
The soundtrack was published by Drag City.
He supported himself with various jobs, including auto mechanic work and drag race work at venues such as Sears Point.
American drag queens incorporated their performance into volunteering for charities such as Meals on Wheels amid the pandemic causing club shows to go on hiatus.
An 11-day mobilization organized under the Vote With Us campaign features socially-distanced parades, pop-up Drag shows, skateboard caravans, virtual fill-out-your-ballot parties aimed to create unprecedented voter turnout among young people and communities of color in the final days leading up to the general election.
The radial engine was enclosed in a NACA cowling to reduce drag.
Even as late as 1887, the author of a letter to The Electrician wished to "...protest against the growing tendency to drag mathematics into everything."
He and Willy Messerschmitt disagreed about the design, in which Lippisch did not want the rear wing, drag and worse performance.
The only thing marked in his calendar is the car drag race "Street legal".
This design included the ability to streamline (feather) the propeller blade reducing drag from propellers on failed engines.
Chapter 2 (Yesterday's Hero): A campaign that will eventually drag in all the conspiracies.
On the journey, they sneak into gardens and drag clothes off washing lines by pretending to be clothes pegs.
IGN rated the game a 7 of 10 saying "Overall, the game designers did a good job with NIRA Intense Import Drag Racing.
The only big problem with the game is the graphics and sound aren't up to par with other modern racers, and that it's a niche title that appeals to hardcore drag racing fans and may alienate the average gamer who's just looking for some quick fun.
I'm thankful that Bethesda at least kept the sticker price low ($19.95), but the bottom line is that everything that had kept Hot Rod from introducing drag racing to the gaming masses is still alive and kicking in this latest incarnation".
Bugs Bunny would later be described as the "first animated drag queen" due to the character's propensity to cross-dress in women's clothing in at least 40 cartoons.
It was further stated that as a result, Mulan was the "perfect embodiment of a drag king"  even though she maintains her heterosexuality as she is attracted to Li Sheng, comparing Mulan's interpretation of her sexuality to that of Bugs Bunny.
Janis began drag racing in 1978.
A customized Sevenger shoot Deeplus with a harpoon and made use of its faulty jetpack to drag the monster to the surface, simultaneously killing it.
She experimented with drag at an early age and cites Dia Dear as an early influence.
San Francisco is home to the first "gay riot" that broke out in August of 1966 when drag queens dining at Compton's Cafeteria on Turk Street fought back against police harassment.
India Ferrah competed on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars.
In 2013, Philadelphia magazine's Alexander Kacala said the incident was "probably the worst lip-sync ever" in his list of the "5 All-Time Best RuPaul's Drag Race Lip-Sync Battles".
She is slated to appear in RuPaul's Drag Race Live!
Kevin O'Keeffe of Mic.com ranked India Ferrah number 104 in his 2016 "definitive ranking" of all 113 RuPaul's Drag Race contestants.
In 2019, Leyla launched a new show, Daddy Drag.
Simon Guy, writing for The Skinny, described Daddy Drag as 'moving, heart-wrenching and thoroughly enjoyable'.
Extreme work and effort was dedicated to making sure that the car achieved an extremely low aerodynamics drag coefficient in order to enhance the vehicle's driving range and performance.
The 0 to 100 km acceleration is 4.3 seconds, the braking distance from 100 to 0 km is , and the drag coefficient is 0.24.
Everything ground to a halt while a farmer was found to use a heavy tractor with lifting tackle to drag the subterranean impediment away.
In September 1937 using a United DC-3, Rodert's team demonstrated that even small amounts of ice greatly affected lift, drag, and stall speed.
In 1979, Virginia becomes pregnant with Paulina, and is involved with Mexico's nascent gay and drag scene.
 as Henry, a friend of Pato's and owner of a drag bar
Chávez, an openly gay actor, has refused to portray women before (even not dressing feminine when having previously played a drag queen), as well as being averse to portraying gay characters so as to not be pigeon-holed.
Anastarzia Anaquway is the stage name of Jermaine Aranha (born 21 January 1982), a Bahamian drag queen based in East York, Toronto.
BOA has since continued to speak out about the issue of violence in the LGBTQ+ community, including speaking about the incident in a Canada's Drag Race episode.
Verley appeared in pop singer Mathew V's 2018 video for his single "Broken", after Mathew V attended a drag show at which Verley had performed to Mathew V's 2017 single "Tell Me Smooth".
He also appeared as the drag mother to British Columbian rapper bbno$ for the music video for his song "imma".
In 2021 he made a return appearance in the second season of Canada's Drag Race, appearing in the third episode as the killer in the slasher film-themed acting challenge "Screech".
She frequently played the role of Baby Spice on the drag show Spice Queens Live.
In the first episode of Canada's Drag Race, Boxx suffered a panic attack on the main stage during critiques.
In a post-elimination interview with the entertainment website PopBuzz, Kiara revealed that she had considered impersonating Canada's Drag Race judge Stacey McKenzie.
Lemon started doing drag in New York City.
In 2021, Lemon was a featured performer in "Come Through", a single by her Canada's Drag Race cast-mate Priyanka.
Mark Suknanan (born May 28, 1991) is a Canadian television personality and drag queen.
She quickly found success in the local drag scene, winning numerous titles, including Miss Crews and Tangos (2018–2019) and Woody's Queen of Halloween (2018).
She was also featured in Pride Toronto's online Drag Ball on June 27, 2020, performing to Marina and the Diamonds' single "Power & Control".
Following the conclusion of the season, she headlined a cross-Canada tour with the other Canada's Drag Race contestants, which was performed at drive-in venues due to the ongoing social distancing restrictions remaining in place during the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada.
Guevremont began his drag career in 2007, performing at Cabaret Mado for the birthday show of his friend Dream, performing a medley from the film Sister Act with colleagues Marla and Célinda.
In 2016 she launched MX Fierté, a cross-Canada drag pageant held in conjunction with Fierté Montréal; in the same year, she travelled to Mumbai, India to perform at the KASHISH Mumbai International Queer Film Festival.
Canada's Drag Race filmed in late 2019, and the cast was revealed to the public in 2020 several weeks before the show's premiere on July 2.
Following the conclusion of the Canada's Drag Race season, the cast announced a cross-Canada tour, to be performed at drive-in venues due to the ongoing social distancing restrictions remaining in place during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Originally from Ottawa, Ontario, Scarlett BoBo began performing as a drag queen in the spring of 2008.
She studied public relations at Humber College, and has also taken classes at circus school, incorporating skills like fire eating and aerial silks into her drag performances.
In May 2020, Scarlett Bobo was announced as a contestant in the first season of the reality competition series Canada's Drag Race.
She followed up with the album #BoBosexuality: The ReRelease in 2015 which included Werrrk.com’s Drag Song of The Year for 2015, Break My Heart, and later with the singles "Drop the Money" and "Qu'est-ce Que Fuck".
A staple of Toronto's queer nightlife scene, Banks has performed in the entertainment industry as a drag queen at bars, festivals, and events for over a decade.
His drag artistry is inspired by Tyra Banks, Naomi Campbell, and Grace Jones, and he is known for impersonating Beyoncé and Whitney Houston.
On August 3, 2020, they performed the song during the 31st GLAAD Media Awards with drag queens Mayhem Miller, Naomi Smalls, and Vanessa Vanjie Mateo.
A RuPaul's Drag Race Live!
It was released on September 25, 2015, by Drag City.
Its wings used a M-6 airfoil combining high lift and low drag.
The article observed that the landholdings of a "prominent member of the Legislative Council" had appreciated significantly in value as a result of the decision, and asked "what occult influence induced the Minister to drag the line out of its natural course to Cobram?"
When the Past Arrives, the new album featuring 14 tracks, was released on Drag City Records in 2014.
Author readings and signings are frequent events, as are events for children such as drag queen story time.
Opened in 1995, the bar is known for its nightly drag shows.
It was also among the first to feature a drag show every night.
Nashom Wooden, who performed in drag as Mona Foot, hosted "Star Search" in the 1990s, and Mimi Imfurst hosted it in 2011.
Jackie Beat, Peppermint and Miz Cracker also started drag at Barracuda.
Time Out called the establishment "[a] classic, no-attitude gay lounge in Chelsea [that] has outlasted many others due to its combination of cozy couches, awesome drag shows, generous happy hours and friendly bartenders".
In December 2021, Eater Portland reported that the interior of Sissy Bar, a venue slated to open in 2022 in Portland, Oregon, will be designed in homage to Barracuda, which it described as "a classic New York drag bar with low lounge lighting and a lengthy bar".
The Sport's main undercarriage was fixed and of wide track, with the wheels on separate axles mounted on the lower fuselage longerons, as were the drag struts.
It frequently hosts cabaret events, Broadway-style shows, dance parties and drag performances.
The Golden Bear had conventional, fixed landing gear, with independent axles and drag struts from the lower fuselage longerons.
Whatever is the third studio album by American drag performer and recording artist Adore Delano, released on August 18, 2017.
Also included Drag Racer (set number: 40408) is an exclusive set only available in January 2020 as a promotion.
This contrasts with what is typically seen in other theropod footprints, where the tips of the digits drag as they are pulled forward, but is similar to the observed movements of ostrich feet during locomotion.
The festival took place in Lafayette Park and at George Washington University and featured a dance, a drag show, and a religious celebration.
Kewpie worked as a hairdresser in District Six and her salon became the center of the queer and drag community.
Oleo strut legs and drag struts were mounted on the lower longerons.
She and Diz drag him to a furnace and open the grate and prepare to force his body in.
He studies turbulent coagulation of aerosol particles, the turbulent breakup of microstructures such as in droplets or red blood cells, and drag reduction due to polymer additives.
The number was used in the musical when Zelma O'Neal told the other students, "Let the professors worry about their dusty old books, we'll make Tait famous for the Varsity Drag."
The Skylark had conventional landing gear with its mainwheels on split axles mounted, like the forward drag struts, on the lower fuselage longerons.
"9 Lives" was performed on the premiere of the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars and released as the second single on June 11, 2020, along with a music video directed by St. Clair herself.
Michele Bruno (1941-2016) was a South African drag queen and hairdresser.
By 1960, Bruno was performing as a drag queen, though his day job was working as a hairdresser in Johannesburg.
Now That's What I Call Drag Music, Vol.
Now That's What I Call Drag Music is Belli's third studio album, following his debut The Wreckoning (2012) and Shartistry in Motion (2015).
The song "Aileen" is a parody of Dolly Parton's "Jolene" about American serial killer and prostitute Aileen Wuornos, co-written by Jackie Beat and featuring fellow Drag Race contestant Trixie Mattel.
Drag queen Rhea Litré is featured on "Fries", a song about french fries.
The album was originally called Now That's What I Call Drag Music, Vol.
Belli's music video for "Derrick", released in June 2020, features appearances by Barry and his partners Nebraska Thunderfuck and Nick San Pedro, as well as Drag Race contestant Courtney Act.
The series centres on a group of drag queens in Toronto, Ontario who are planning to compete in the Miss Church Street pageant, who each have their preparations mysteriously sabotaged.
These characters are drawn from a wide range of sources, from men at barbershops to drag queens.
Dreuxilla Divine (born 1974), Puerto Rican drag queen
gameplay consists of tapping notes as they slide toward the bottom to the rhythm of a chosen song; such notes exist as taps, drag notes that players must hold, flick notes, and special yellow notes that activate character skills and lines mid-performance.
Nicholas's henchman Mikey, who has entered the hospital and terrorized staff and patients, prepares to drag Regina away, but she desperately suggests that they kidnap a comatose patient so that Nicholas can take all his organs.
While at Cambridge, they created and led the musical comedy drag troupe Denim, for which they co-wrote and performed in shows.
Bottas then used the drag reduction system on the fifth lap to pass Stroll and move back up into third place.
Entertainer Adore Delano often refers to herself and her mother as Cholas in season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
In 2021, McKenna began a relationship with Los Angeles-based drag queen Jonnie Reinhart.
The car's drag coefficient is as low as 0.20, making it the most aerodynamic car in production at the time of its introduction.
The Hong Kong Cantonese 攬炒 literally means 'embrace fry', which journalist and City, University of London lecturer Yuen Chan explained as meaning "if I'm gonna fry, I'm gonna drag you in with me", comparing it to the English language idiom "if we burn, you burn with us".
In addition to Netflix's 2020 series Say I Do, Nguyen has worked on Bravo's Launch My Line and RuPaul's Drag Race.
She began performing in drag professionally in late 2018 and has since received significant media attention for her work.
In 2020, GQ called her "one of the country's most interesting drag queens".
Birch began performing in drag professionally in December 2018.
Birch is known for her unique drag aesthetic, which features pastel "alien skin" (typically blue or pink), yellow hair, and retro sunglasses.
In addition to working as a drag queen, Birch creates and sells ceramic sculptures.
On her YouTube channel, she primarily records herself as she plays The Sims, does makeup tutorials, and collaborates with other artists and drag queens.
Correctly timing your gears is essential in drag mode, and shifting too soon or too late (speeding) will result in slower times.
The fairly extensive list of unlockables and titles to achieve, as well as online multiplayer, guarantee Vin Diesel wannabes will whet their appetite for flashy drag races and high-speed gameplay."
In 2020, RuPaul's Drag Race star Michelle Visage joined the programme as a judge
Cindy Lee is the drag queen “confrontation pop” project of Canadian musician Patrick Flegel, former guitarist and lead singer of Women.
The force has two parts – that normal to the direction of flow is lift (L) and that in the direction of flow is drag  (D).
The forces of lift and drag on the blade, dA, where force normal to the surface is dL:
Girl (Democratic), Silver Lake neighborhood council board member, drag queen, and candidate for this district in 2020
The Richmond and Las Vegas races were behind closed doors; the first date at the latter track was held before the pandemic, and only began admitting spectators for the relocated NHRA World Finals at its drag strip from 30 October to 1 November.
Pilot Jimmy Orrell went to fly it back to Renfrew, and found that the ground engineer had removed the offending engine and stowed it in the cabin, to save the drag.
W magazine notes the series excels when it embraces the diversity of drag cultures, and cites this episode's tension between traditional Southern pageant queen Kennedy Davenport who some felt came off as bitter at times, and younger Club kid New York high-fashion, and seemingly entitled, elitist Milk.
(Los Angeles Drag Patrol) based on Cops, 9021-Ho based on 90210, and "She-MZ" parodying TMZ as examples.
GURL tells a story of Carmen Rupe experience in the context of being both Maori and LGBT: "The infamous Māori Drag Queen Carmen 'Gurl' finally accepts her-true-self when she falls in love with a fading rugby star on an ill-fated night in New Zealand 1975."
Susan Darlington of Loud and Quiet highlighted her influences of bands such as Pavement and Pixies throughout the record and drew slight resemblance to Giant Drag and Belly in their King era.
The video also features a drag queen band.
It was released on Sun Ark Records and Drag City on August 23, 2011.
The high-lift Fowler flap is located on the trailing edge of an airplane wing which increases wing area, lift, and drag.
With Ireland's nightlife effectively closed since March 2020, the presenters met the DJs fighting to save Ireland's night clubs; drag queens hosting Zoom dating shows; and the comedians learning how to go viral.
compares the simple agree/disagree format with forms that incorporate checkboxes, drag and drop (DAD), and swipe features.
The cartridge makes use of 6 mm (.243) bullets, which are known for their high ballistic coefficients due to the high sectional density with less drag and better energy retention at extended ranges.
The AP had fixed, tailskid landing gear with the main wheels on split axles, each mounted together with a rear drag strut on the lower fuselage longerons.
The show uses progressive elimination to reduce the number of drag queens in the competition from the initial field of ten contestants, down until the final three or four, who compete in the final challenge, and the final two lip-syncing for the crown.
The first season of Drag Race Holland began airing on 18 September 2020 on Videoland in the Netherlands and World of Wonder's WOW Presents Plus streaming service internationally, and ran for 8 episodes.
The second season of Drag Race Holland was confirmed and casting was closed on 1 March 2021.
The first season of Drag Race Holland premiered on 18 September and concluded on 6 November 2020.
This was the first time a Drag Race winner appeared as a guest judge on a show from the franchise.
 RuPaul's Drag Race (VH1) Born This Way (A&E)
In 2019, the show travelled to Bangkok Art and Culture Centre, Thailand as Spectrosynthesis II, the largest show of LGBTQ art from Southeast Asia, and Wong performed in drag for Land of a Thousand Rainbows, a performance commissioned for the exhibition's opening.
Icesis Couture took the title as "Canada's Next Drag Superstar."
These drag arms are controlled by three winches each which can lower them to reach bottom as deep as .
The axle's inner ends were hinged on a short longitudinal member held just below the fuselage as were the rear drag struts.
Internationally recognized drag queen Manila Luzon also championed the web series.
Kareemia Baines (May 30, 1977July 25, 2020), known professionally as Lady Red Couture, was an American drag queen and singer best known as the co-host of Hey Qween!
She released an album, #Stuntqueen, in 2018, and she was featured in a number of other drag queens' singles and music videos throughout the 2010s.
As a vocalist, she was noted for her wide range and commanding stage presence, which, together with her stature, earned her the nickname "the largest live-singing drag queen".
In June 2020, Harper's Bazaar featured her in its photo series "Striking Portraits of America's Most Legendary Drag Queens".
A number of queer celebrities—including Isis King, Justin Tranter, and "virtually the entire cast of RuPaul's Drag Race"—expressed shock and sadness at her death, and they shared tributes to her life and work.
In 2003, he met Will Automagic (née William Lynn) at the Opaline Area 10009, a nightclub on Avenue A in the East Village of New York City which is now defunct, through fellow DJ and drag artist Mistress Formika (DJ Michael Formika Jones).
The events are Touring, Drag Strip, Slalom and Grand Prix.
Forced to drag Mark's corpse everywhere, Emma discovers he destroyed her cell phone and removed every sharp item in the house.
It had Goodyear Airwheel mainwheels, with large, low pressure tyres on split axles with  semi-oleo landing struts from the upper fuselage longerons and drag struts from the lower longerons.
Gio is the son of former drag racing driver Gary Scelzi, and is the younger brother of sprint car driver Dominic Scelzi.
The sixth season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars premiered on June 24, and concluded on September 2, 2021.
The cast was announced via the RuPaul's Drag Race YouTube channel on May 26, 2021.
Ruby Lynn Reyner performed with Playhouse of the Ridiculous and was added to the cast of Drag Queens and Warhol superstars.
The organization participated in an episode of the second season of Canada's Drag Race, offering a $5,000 prize to the challenge winner and sponsoring a "Made in Canada" runway theme devoted to Canadian entertainment icons.
The enemy fire was so intense that Marines were unable to drag Williams to cover.
 And the Devil Will Drag You Under, Del Rey, 1979 ()
In April 2020, Connor was one of the celebrity contestants in the first episode of RuPaul's Secret Celebrity Drag Race.
A Broke Moon Rises is a studio album by American musician David Pajo, under his pseudonym Papa M. It was released August 17, 2018 under Drag City.
West Dakota is a drag queen based in Brooklyn, New York.
After graduating from Columbia University, West Dakota made her first drag appearance in the fall of 2016.
After conversations with drag queen Merry Cherry about the George Floyd protests and police killing and brutality of Black transgender people, including Tony McDade, Nina Pop, and Iyanna Dior, West Dakota proposed a silent march along with community activists and organizers Raquel Willis, Ceyenne Doroshow, the family of Layleen Polanco, Fran Tirado, and Mohammed Fayaz.
The show documents Trinity's search for the best drag artist.
Each episode she is joined by a rotating cast of celebrity models, makeup artists and drag alumni including Alaska, Adore Delano, Bitqtch Puddin, Landon Cider, Trinity K. Bonet, Peppermint, Manila Luzon, Shea Coulee and Vander Von Odd.
Burn This Letter Please is a documentary film about New York City's drag community.
This is originally a British musical based on a true story of a teenager named Jamie, who aspires to become a drag queen.
Stapleton asks "Why have we been so quick to take drastic action on coronavirus yet drag our feet when it comes to dealing with climate change which could bring down not only us but the entire global ecosystem?
Pérez briefly led after Stroll's pit stop, but Hamilton overtook him a lap later using the drag reduction system, which had been enabled on lap 30.
Jordan Wayne Long began his performance work in 2010 with Drag Piece while receiving his master's degree from Cranbrook Academy of Art.
It is known for its fundraisers and drag shows, most notable of which is the annual Miss Paradise pageant.
The club is also home to Miss Paradise, an annual drag pageant whose winner is awarded a yearlong in-house show.
There, Miss Paradise 2019, Mancie Mandell, was succeeded by Olivia Lux, who was subsequently cast on the 13th season of Drag Race.
With a  long fuselage and a  wingspan, the claimed 22-to-1 glide ratio should yield a  equivalent flat-plate area drag.
A 1:22 glide ratio like current airliners can be reached with its high wing aspect ratio, without a sensational drag reduction: better than other general aviation designs, but lower than most gliders.
Muldowney described the drag strip: "That strip was deadly, deadly.
Thursday is drag night.
Its design was similar to that of many fixed wing and autogyro aircraft, with the axles and their rearward drag struts mounted on the central fuselage underside.
One of the oldest working drag queens in the world, she has been a regular feature of Brighton Pride since 1973.
The Trollettes became regulars on the London drag scene in the 1960s.
It is known for its live entertainment featuring drag queens, go-go dancers, karaoke and DJ sets.
As of late July, local drag queens and DJs were regularly donating socially distanced performances in Feathers' outdoor dining area to help with fundraising efforts.
It was subsequently worn by athlete Rosalie Fish in 2019, appeared in billboard campaigns, and was used by Ilona Verley, who was a contestant on the reality television show Canada's Drag Race.
 Super Stock, a category of drag racing
In 2017, Fohr released her sixth album and first with Drag City titled Reaching For Indigo.
 Kitty Powers, the drag queen persona of game developer Rich Franke and the titular character of Kitty Powers' Matchmaker
He is also known as one of the top three drag presenters in the Netherlands for the BNNVARA television show De diva in mij.
On 9 September 2020, Envy Peru was announced as 1 of 10 cast members of the debut season of Drag Race Holland.
As Envy Peru, she is the most followed drag queen in the Netherlands.
On 17 January 2022, she was announced as one of the nine contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World.
Upon learning the truth, he is persuaded to work at an okama bar – a cross-dressing gay bar – where he adopts the drag persona of "Catherine".
In 2019, when Celine Dion announced her 2019/2020 Courage World Tour, she released a video titled "Ciao for now Las Vegas", in which she leaves Las Vegas in a car full of drag queens.
 1996: The Francois Naftali Frenkiel Award for Fluid Mechanics, from the Division of Fluid Dynamics of The American Physical Society, for paper titled “Effect of three-dimensionality on the lift and drag of nominally two-dimensional cylinder,” published in Physics of Fluids.
The Duos had conventional, fixed, split axle landing gear with axles and drag struts mounted on the fuselage centreline.
Icesis Couture appeared on season 2 of the documentary series Canada's a Drag in 2019, and won Ottawa's Miss Capital Pride pageant in 2020.
His younger brother Randy is also a drag queen, who performs under the name Savannah Couture.
The 1990 documentary Paris Is Burning, which tells the story of drag queens rejected by their families who found acceptance in a different place, was another inspiration.
Landon Cider (born Kristine Bellaluna) is an American drag king, actor and host.
He performs Drag King Explosion at Hamburger Mary's.
He won the season and was crowned the "World's Next Drag Supermonster" by the Boulet Brothers.
In February 2020, Cider hosted Pride Union's 18th Annual Drag Show Finals with Manila Luzon.
The show aired on April 2, 2020, and featured drag artists such as Hugo Grrrl and Charli Deville.
Each week featured an eight show stage spectacular hosted and curated by the Boulet Brothers featuring non-traditional drag artists, queer rappers, voguers, dancers, singers and “queer artists from all walks of life”.
The party was also held in New York City for a special one night event as well as in Austin, Texas as part of the International Drag Festival.
Drag In L.A.: The Boulet Brothers Bring Dark Debauchery to Nightlife - & TV.
Events include their version of the Wigstock drag queen festival, a bear fest, athletic events, and an art festival.
Lady MAGA, drag queen
In individual achievements, RuPaul became the most-awarded black individual in Emmys history with his win as a producer of RuPaul's Drag Race for Outstanding Competition Program.
Mack hits Raju with a spinning arm drag and a hurricanrana that sends him to the outside, who then returns to the ring to trade shots with him, but goes outside again after taking a spinning heel kick.
Wussy frequently interviews and showcases queer artists as well as drag queens such as Violet Chachki, Jujubee, Lady Bunny, Monét X Change, Rify Royalty and the Boulet Brothers.
Sexy Galexy performed in the Drag King Sydney which ran from 1999 to 2000.
In April 2020 Sexy Galexy appeared on Socially Distant, a drag livestream web series hosted by Landon Cider.
Hynds and a number of local drag queens noted that because New York City no longer had a single, centralized gay scene, it was possible that Washington Heights would soon become a hotspot for that community.
Vertical landing legs, with rubber cord shock absorbers, and their drag struts are mounted on the lower fuselage longerons.
They could drag ashes and burnt material, affecting drinkable water quality.
In an interview for Mala Mala — the 2014 documentary which featured other members of the Puerto Rican transgender community, including RuPaul’s Drag Race star April Carrión — Santiago clarified her identity as a heterosexual woman who had corrected her gender dysphoria, pointing to the documentation which she had acquired in 1976 asserting her legal identity as a woman.
 Tamisha Iman (born 1970), American drag performer
The main landing wheels, with hydraulic brakes, were each on a short axle with parallel Bendix shock absorber legs to the spar.There was a V-form drag strut reaching forward.
The Scott McGlynn Show has featured several celebrity guests including Perez Hilton, David Yost, Anthony Bowens and various contestants from RuPaul's Drag Race.
The film's cast also includes Linda Kash as Russell's mother Ene and Jayne Eastwood as town busybody Jeanne, as well as real-life Toronto drag queens Tynomi Banks, Miss Fiercelicious and Faye Slift.
But casting Leachman as Margaret and remarkable newcomer Thomas Duplessie as budding drag queen grandkid Russell propels Jump, Darling into the winner’s circle.
In normal, higher speed flight the struts were shortened, reducing the angle of incidence and drag.
[2] The tracks are currently used for national automobile and motorcycle races, including drag race events.
She began performing in Indianapolis, Indiana, at the Famous Door nightclub and participated in her first drag pageant at The Hunt & Chase where she was crowned Miss Gay Indiana Emeritus in 1979.
In November 2016, in another Simpsons episode, RuPaul gave Homer Simpson a drag makeover.
Gideon is voiced by drag queen RuPaul Charles.
God Shave the Queens is a documentary streaming television series about the tour following the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Their model accounts for the curvature of the drop trajectories due to gravity and drag, and provides solutions with an uncertainty specific to the spatter pattern at hand With colleague De Brabanter and Ph.D. student Liu, Attinger explored the capabilities of artificial intelligence to assist in crime scene reconstruction.
Since the Fire Brigade could not drag the bus out of the river, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard joined the rescue.
The EP features guest appearances by fellow RuPaul's Drag Race contestants Alaska Thunderfuck and Trixie Mattel.
The film revolves around a retrenched middle-aged man who accidentally becomes a night club drag queen sensation.
After taking up the role, Chee Beng realises that he was working at a drag queen nightclub and hides the fact from his family.
After which, Teo Chew Phoenix exposed to his family that Chee Beng was performing at the nightclub in drag, which results in him quitting Number 1 and selling his house and car.
During this time, PEG Records also released the first Billboard #1 charting album from a drag artist.
The landing gear was of the fixed, single axle type and had short, faired legs with rearward drag struts.
"I thought the idea of a drag queen recording artist would be great if the music was there," she told Paper magazine.
The trial would drag on and not reach a conclusion until 420 BC.
A review from the film portal Iflicks.com noted "the story could have been narrated in a short time, the unwanted extension of the sequences seem to drag the movie."
 Drag Me to Hell - a 2009 American film with a similar plot
Additionally, the air scoop of the Bolide are home to a group of dimples, similar to what one finds in a golf ball, that raise up at high speeds, smoothing the laminar flow of air and reducing the aerodynamic drag of the scoop by 10% and a reduction in lift forces by 17%, according to Bugatti.
Speaking to Pop Buzz, multiple drag kings went on to express their disappointment for not being invited to take part in the video, "When I watched it, I was so excited to see people that I love and admire just thriving in their glory.
drag king Chiyo stated.
Yvie Oddly started working on the album following her appearance on the eleventh season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Lady MAGA is a drag queen who supported Donald Trump during the United States presidential election, 2020.
Woods' unveiling of the Lady MAGA character was generally unwelcome by many drag queens in Utah, though the Salt Lake City Weekly also noted that, though they disagreed with him, some felt Woods was "brave" for taking a political stand at odds with that generally accepted by the larger LGBTQI community.
Thanos then gives him a shard of the Time Stone so he could use it to travel to the past in order to drag a younger Thanos to the future so he could help in the killing of the Fallen One.
The third series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK began airing on 23 September 2021.
In 2012, Sherman released his debut album Drag Your Words Through, which had been preceded by "Winterdark", a single from the album.
Through her drag persona, Nikki Champagne, along with her colleague, Emoji Nightmare, she has promoted local libraries and youth literacy and hosted fundraisers to help support Vermont’s non-profit organizations.
American drag queen Katya Zamolodchikova recorded the song "Ding Dong!"
Afterward a police officer was suspended for using excessive force and the Austin City Council abolished the drag boat races.
Sastry was inspired from Daniel Lismore, Austin Young and started performing Tranimal drag.
Patruni explains tranimal drag as "I always [saw] my body as a kind of canvas,”  Sastry says.
When I perform tranimal I am liberated, I become the drag queen who doesn’t wear heels, but performs bare-footed for the less privileged community that I try to remind myself of."
Adding attachments to the otherwise smooth aircraft body does necessarily increase aerodynamic drag, which results in negative effects on flight performance in terms of lower airspeed, maneuverability, and range, as well as increased fuel usage, amongst other effects.
Kilroy when he designed the vessel ... any limited advantages [are] outweighed by significant issues with parasitic drag and practicality"; for example an optimum sailing angle around 50 degrees off the true wind, compared to the 40 degrees of more efficient rigs.
In the Westervelt, Griffiths cut out the traditional drag of the keel, that produced a fast shoal-draught boat.
Throughout the video, a group of masked people are shown walking with torches and club-like weapons through desert streets, interchanging with excerpts of metalheads, a young girl wearing horror-inspired clothes, a circus woman, a drag queen, lead vocalist Sharon den Adel wearing a Joker inspired make up and the members of the band performing the song.
It is the 66th season of the National Hot Rod Association's top drag racing competition.
 Drag Race Central The Latest NHRA News and Analysis
The player can also drag the runes in order to match them, or combine more than three runes for an even more powerful spell.
Landing legs and forward drag struts were mounted on the lower fuselage longerons.
The winner of the first season of Drag Race España was Carmen Farala.
On 15 February 2021, it was confirmed that the show would be hosted by Spanish drag queen Supremme de Luxe.
She chose the pseudonym "Madame" after trying a random generator for drag queen names, which produced "Madame Wild" for Calearo.
During this period, he says that he attended and worked as a dancer at gay clubs, marched in gay pride parades, and associated with drag queens.
A Rusical (portmanteau of "RuPaul" and "musical") is a musical production on the television series RuPaul's Drag Race.
Despite how he tries to stay out of trouble and not interfere with the story of the otome world, he would often drag himself at the center of these events for someone's sake.
The force of the sudden storm and high waves and tidal current all caused Oscar to drag onto the rocks below Girdleness and rapidly take on water, and after about six hours of struggle, the Oscar was aground on the rocks of Greyhope Bay.
In the years following, Art House Productions began offering regular open mic nights and performance showcases, co-sponsoring arts and culture programming with the Jersey City municipal government, and hosting visual and performing arts exhibitions, festivals, theater productions, and drag bingo events.
ted northe (September 13, 1939 – March 30, 2014) was a Canadian drag queen and gay civil rights activist.
The film noir-inspired visual was directed by Ali Kurr stars Sawayama in drag as an older Japanese businessman drowning his sorrows in a bar.
Bhawana Bisht, writing for SheThePeople.TV, described the case against Ramani as an example of a SLAPP lawsuit and "a way to drag the women to court and intimidate them until they withdraw."
Goddess Bunny, 61, American drag queen and actress (Hollywood Vice Squad, The Goddess Bunny, Rage), COVID-19.
The dancers (or Stots) would drag a plough through the village and threaten to plough someone's garden unless they contributed funds for the young stots.
Wes, tied to a demanding career and responsibilities to family, extends a work trip to drag his dispirited artist friend Luke to find Luke's "one that got away".
The club's playlists contain primarily pop songs, dance music, techno and Finnish hits, with live entertainment often taking the form of drag shows.
Its live entertainment often features drag queens and go-go dancers.
The company produces a series of live shows called Klub Kids Helsinki, which brings RuPaul's Drag Race stars to DTM several times per year.
Using Dynasoldier Wing Combine, Yomogi and Yume drag the monster to mid-air for Gauma/Dynadiver bombard it with a series of missiles.
It also hosts queer-oriented events, including late-night drag shows.
The hardware for the Freedom hypercar will sit in a lightweight carbon-fiber monocoque structure, also featuring an F1-style pushrod suspension, with the overall low profile allowing for a low drag coefficient of 0.28 Cd.
Hercules caters primarily to gay men over 30, and its live entertainment features drag queens and strippers.
After closing to customers, it converted its dance floor into a TV studio, from which it hosted live-streamed talk shows, drag revues, concerts and theatre events for several months.
Its radiator was mounted horizontally in the upper wing centre section to reduce drag.
Drag queen Deere experienced similar trolling incidents due to negative reception posted on Twitter and Reddit about her depiction of the PogChamp emote, although with simultaneous support for her too.
It provides drag and drop feature with which both predefined and custom made shapes can be included to build the desired diagram while the same workspace can be shared with multiple persons for collaboration.
He appeared in a drag act festival in 1969, and in 1972 appeared as a female impersonator on Opportunity Knocks.
Denali competed on the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Kade Gottlieb (born August 19, 1996), better known as Gottmik, is an American drag performer and make-up artist.
He began experimenting with drag at the age of eighteen.
is a drag performer and make-up artist.
Gottlieb will also join Voss' 2022 European tour, Rupaul's Drag Race Werq the World tour.
In September 2021, Gottlieb started the YouTube and Podcast series No Gorge with fellow drag race alum Violet Chachki, where they discuss "all things fashion, life, and artistry."
Gottlieb uses she/her pronouns when portraying Gottmik, and he/him pronouns out of drag.
She competed on season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Michelle Kim of them magazine said her lip sync to "100% Pure Love" against Denali "will go down in Drag Race herstory".
In 2021, Kandy Muse competed on the thirteenth season of Drag Race, during which Kandy Muse portrayed a "slutty version" of LinkedIn in "Social Media: The Unverified Rusical" and Patrick Starrr in the Snatch Game episode.
LaLa Ri competed on season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Liv competed on season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
He is best known for competing on the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race, placing as second/third runner-up alongside Gottmik.
Rosé's casting on the thirteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race was announced on December 9, 2020.
She is best known as the winner of season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race (2021).
Symone is a member of the queer fashion and pop culture collective House of Avalon along with season 12 Drag Race finalist Gigi Goode.
She has received positive reception from critics for her drag fashion and persona, which frequently nod to Black cultural icons like Lil' Kim and Grace Jones.
Utica Queen competed on season 13 of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The competition is broadcast on VH1 in the United States and showcases 14 new queens competing for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar".
Its chorus consists of lyrics such as "Wherever you stray, I follow" and "I'm begging for you to take my hand", which reference Swift's older lyrics: "nothing safe is worth the drive / And I will follow you, follow you home" in "Treacherous" (2012), and "you take my hand and drag me head first" in "Fearless" (2008), respectively.
Weston later described Trix customers as "a fabulous mix of high and low and the best drag queens you ever saw".
"Fag, Stag, or Drag?
Michelle Ross, drag queen (b.
The group were originally put together while participating on the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, where as part of the main challenge they came up with their own verses for their version of "Break Up (Bye Bye)".
Billboard Stephen Daw called "Her Majesty" a "tongue-in-cheek kiss off to those who would try to detract from the trio" with a chorus in which they "[declare] their rightful place on the throne of drag music".
Following Drag Race, the Frock Destroyers embarked on a three-stop UK tour.
He is best known for competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
A'Whora currently resides in Streatham in South London, England and lives with fellow RuPaul's Drag Race UK contestant Tayce.
She is best known for competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, where she came eleventh on the series.
Her drag name derives from a hybrid of her birth name, American singer Tina Turner and former President of South Africa and philanthropist Nelson Mandela.
Bimini Bon-Boulash (also known mononymously as Bimini; born 12 May 1993) is the stage name of Thomas Hibbitts, a British drag queen, author, and model based in East London, and born in Great Yarmouth, England.
Bimini has professionally fulfilled their career as a drag queen since 2019, and was heavily inspired to kick-start their career by the spirit of their fashion heroes Alexander McQueen, Vivienne Westwood, Iris van Herpen, and John Galliano.
In December 2020, Bimini was announced as one of twelve contestants competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
In March 2021, Bimini, alongside their fellow Drag Race finalists, was photographed and interviewed for The Guardian.
The book was released with the title Release the Beast: A Drag Queen's Guide to Life.
In November 2021, Bimini was awarded the Gay Times magazine's Honour for Drag Hero at a celebration in London, as well as featuring as the cover star for the GAY TIMES Honours edition.
George Ward (born 30 November 1993), better known by the stage name Cherry Valentine, is a British drag queen and nurse from Darlington, England.
Valentine has performed as a drag queen since 2018.
Valentine is a Traveller and credited the "fabulous" women in her family as her inspiration for becoming a drag performer.
In December 2020, Diamond was announced as one of twelve contestants competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, and placed fourth overall in the competition.
Prior to and during competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, Diamond was an employee of American fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's, and has a good relationship with the brand, with McDonald's even sharing promotional pictures of Diamond on social media.
While competing on RuPaul's Drag Race UK, Ginny Lemon eliminated themself from the competition in a lip sync round with fellow competitor Sister Sister.
Joseph Lewis Black (born 23 December 1989) is a British musician and drag queen from Brighton, England.
This included a UK tour with season 9 contestant of RuPaul's Drag Race Sasha Velour.
He is the first contestant to return after being eliminated on RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
They are best known for winning the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, their role in which earned them the BAFTA Scotland Audience Award.
In an interview with Metro, Chaney said their drag surname "Chaney" was inspired by 1920s prolific silent movie star Lon Chaney.
In March 2021, Chaney, alongside their fellow RuPaul's Drag Race UK finalists Tayce, Bimini Bon Boulash and Ellie Diamond, was photographed and interviewed for The Guardian and later British Vogue.
In December 2020, Sister Sister was announced as one of twelve contestants competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, where they place sixth overall.
Sister Sister spoke out against online abuse she had received whilst appearing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Tayce Szura-Radix (born 28 May 1994) is a Welsh drag queen and model from Newport, Wales.
Tayce has professionally fulfilled her career as a drag queen since 2017 and started her career performing in Revolution Newport, a vodka bar.
In December 2020, Tayce was announced as one of twelve contestants competing on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
They made it top 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, but lost the Lip-Sync For The Crown to Lawrence Chaney placing as joint runner-up alongside Bimini Bon-Boulash.
Later that month, she, alongside fellow Drag Race contestant A'Whora, co-launched The Bluebella Pride, a lingerie line, calling for the abolition of anti-gay laws in 35 Commonwealth nations.
Tayce currently resides in Streatham in South London, England and lives with fellow Drag Race contestant A'Whora.
Lawrence Bolton (born 27 September 1990), better known by the stage name Tia Kofi, is a British drag queen from Clapham, South London.
He is a part of a drag girl-group called The Vixens.
In February 2021, shortly after his elimination from Drag Race, Tia Kofi released his debut single "Outside In" (co-written by Little Boots, Tom Aspaul and Gil Lewis), as well as a music video on 24 February 2021.
She is the drag mother of Victoria Scone.
In February 2022, Green will embark on RuPaul's Drag Race UK: The Official Tour alongside the entire cast of series 2, in association with World of Wonder and promoter Voss Events.
We took it in turns to drag it home each evening.
He also explained that 2021 will be a "transition" year in preparation for  and that the SF1000's high aerodynamic drag is a point of focus for development.
Taylor Alxndr is an Atlanta social activist, community organizer, entertainer, drag queen, and founder of the LGBTQ non-profit "Southern Fried Queer Pride".
in 2019, Alxndr was voted 'Atlanta's Best Drag Queen & Best LGBTQ Performer'.
 Kinky Boots (2005) – British/American comedy-drama film based on the true story of a struggling British shoe factory's young, strait-laced owner, Charlie, who forms an unlikely partnership with Lola, a drag queen, to save the business
Mercy dogs were known to drag soldiers to safety at times.
The restaurant hosts the drag show Le Faux.
Most of the carrier aircraft introduced after 1937 had retractable landing gear to reduce drag.
Orlando Lansdorf, 55, Dutch drag queen and HIV activist.
Ben Sachs, also of the Chicago Reader, complimented the film's production design but noted that "Hewitt still has a ways to go in terms of storytelling; many of the scenes drag on past their welcome, and the overall pacing feels indifferent."
He had the companies against whom he would be negotiating pay for his services, and often got this done because the companies would be assured that the negotiations would not drag on.
Otherwie known as Agency Mary, the team of LGBTQ spies, consists of a drag disguise master (Twink), a skilled mechanic (Deb), and a hacker (Stat), later working with a straight man named Agent Buck.
The main trendsetters included Sam Smith, Lil Nas X, Italian rock band Maneskin, South Korean pop star Jimin, drag artists Ru Paul and Jodie Harsh, Paul Mescal, African entrepreneur Ezra Olubi, and Harry Styles who shocked the press by wearing a dress in public.
Since several competitors had much more powerful engines it was decided to reduce drag by cropping the lower wings beyond the first bay, leaving a span of .
“Crackle and Drag,” builds from his family archive, combining a wide range of different media to produce time-based artworks, books, zines, and sculptures as well as works on paper, panel and muslin, which employ DIY silkscreen techniques and materials such as nicotine, alcoholic cocktails, and the funerary ashes of family members.
Her blacks crackle and drag.” According to Ericsson reading Plath’s poem was an epiphany: “I instantly knew I had found a way to contextualize all the things I was doing around my mother’s death.”
The second season of Canada's Drag Race premiered on October 14, and concluded on December 16, 2021.
The first season of Canada's Drag Race premiered on July 2, 2020.
The guest host of a Canada's Drag Race episode performs much of RuPaul's role in a regular Ru-hosted season, including the introductions to the runway and Lip Sync for Your Life segments, and delivers commentary as a judge, but does not have a direct say in determining the winners or losers of the challenges and lipsyncs.
Crystal, a contestant from the first series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK appeared in Episode 6.
On the runway, category is Not My First Time, a recreated look from one of their first times in drag.
The Toronto special was directly produced by Crave; the Montreal event was produced by a separate company, but received some production assistance and sponsorship from Crave and the Canada's Drag Race'' production team.
The show documents RuPaul and a panel of judges' search for "Down Under's next drag superstar".
TVNZ Director of Content Cate Slater said that TVNZ will be partnering with Stan, World of Wonder, Passion Distribution and Warner Bros. International Television Production New Zealand for another season of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under, due to film in New Zealand and premiere in 2022.
For instance, the first mini challenge is a photo shoot with a photographer or RuPaul himself, that includes a special twist (such as being doused with water while in full drag, having a high-powered fan turned on during the shoot, or being photographed while jumping on a trampoline).
Some challenges became a tradition across seasons, such as the "Snatch Game" (in which the contestants impersonate celebrities as a parody of Match Game), a ball or a makeover, in which the contestants create drag personas for other people.
Art Simone, Karen from Finance, Kita Mean and Scarlet Adams made it to the final, with Kita Mean being crowned Down Under's first Drag Superstar.
There has been a total of 10 contestants featured in RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under.
While examining the crime scene, a blood-splattered white shoe was found, as well as drag marks on the nearby grass, indicating that the victim had been killed elsewhere.
1898 - Queenie Leighton begins performing in drag or female to male stage roles, which became further popular in the Edwardian period.
On January 11, 2021, RTL announced that drag queen Nina Queer, who had self-deprecatedly referred to as a "Hitler tranny" in the past due to racially interpreted statements about homophobic attacks, was replaced with Sam Dylan.
After the Watts riots of 1965, Robinson founded the International and National Brotherhood of Street Racers in 1968 with support from the LAPD, whose officers first attended his drag racing events in Compton, Inglewood, and Watts undercover.
He was an innovator of drag hunting and mocked in the development of this "fictitious" sport (now widely practiced), while some considered it ideal for young riders or "the impatient and brave who hunted to ride rather than rode to hunt".
The Pau Drag Hunt would replace fox hunting on alternating days of the week as foxes became less numerous.
He scorned that Pau drag hunts ended with the release of a Bagman.
They both hate Siddhi initially and plot and execute different plans together, in order to drag Siddhi out of their house.
The film presents a portrait of Françoise Durocher, a waitress at a diner in Quebec, as portrayed by 24 different actresses and one male actor in drag over the course of seven monologues.
The trio drag Mark's body outside while the rest of the group waits for dawn to escape through the forest.
a specialized harness to allow the animal to drag logs
Since he was elected to the Tennessee House of Representatives in November 2020, Gillespie has sponsored  piece of legislation, HB0022, which would amend Tennessee Code Annotated, Title 39 and Title 55 relative to drag racing.
The Portland Mercury described the space as a "neighborhood bar with a calendar full of drag revues, variety shows, karaoke nights, and dance parties" and an "unpretentious atmosphere".
D4958 - 10(2016) Test Method for Comparison of the Brush Drag of Latex Paints
Miss Gay Memphis, which was originally called Miss Memphis Review, was the first drag or Female impersonation pageantry event in Memphis, Tennessee.
Engine 254 entered through the front door and began to drag hoses up the stairs to the mezzanine.
"Social Media: The Unverified Rusical" is the eighth episode of the thirteenth season of the American reality competition television series RuPaul's Drag Race, which aired on VH1 on February 19, 2021.
In 1998, her book Girlfriend: Men, Women & Drag was named by the New York Times as one of the 100 Most Notable Books of the Year.
Before moving to Aizu, Hijikata leaves Chizuru behind, not wanting to drag her into danger any longer.
Cooper also waxed a variant of his earlier effort, named "West Dallas Drag No.
The American Colonization Society (ACS) began a movement to move Black Americans back to Africa, promoting the idea that Blacks were a degrading influence that would drag down the White population.
This is the first episode filmed after the production of RuPaul's Drag Race UK was halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic, seven months after the previous episode.
Isobel Lewis of The Independent wrote that the episode was responsible for breathing new life back into the Drag Race franchise.
Victor and Sal encounter Pablo Torres, driving a vintage Chevrolet Impala lowrider and challenge him to a friendly drag race.
In addition to their annual conferences, the National Organization of Lesbians of Every Size also hosts community-building events throughout the United States, such as roller skating nights and a drag queen night.
Genie was the first American to compete on Drag Race Thailand.
The tractor could then be anchored and use a powerful winch to drag its carriages forward.
In Abu Dhabi GP 2020 the Ferrari Team Principal Mattia Binotto has announced the name of the 2021 car, Ferrari SF21, with the 2020 Ferrari SF1000 chassis with a new aerodynamic design for earn less drag and a new powertrain for more horsepower.
The first season of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under began airing on 1 May and concluded on 19 June 2021.
The three New Zealand-based queens were on House of Drag, with Anita Wigl'it and Kita Mean as judges and Elektra Shock as the runner-up on season 2.
The Cooper saved her by attaching steel cables to the liner, which were used as a drag and rudder.
The series has received mixed reviews from critics who called the story drag and annoying and also criticised the director for using very loud sound sequences.
Art Simone competed on the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under.
The duo are also partners in Caluzzi, a drag cabaret in downtown Auckland.
Unlike a regular season of the original U.S. RuPaul's Drag Race, no Miss Congeniality was crowned by RuPaul in the series; however, a poll of the eliminated queens in post-show interviews with the entertainment website PopBuzz saw Anita Wigl'it named as their choice for Miss Congeniality.
In March 2021, Elektra was announced as a competitor on the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under.
She also performed at the Austin International Drag Festival in 2017.
On 19 June 2021, Kita Mean was announced by RuPaul as the first winner of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under.
In mid-October, it was reported that police were investigating claims that Couzens had sexually assaulted a drag queen at a pub in Deal in 2018.
She served as a judge on the first and second seasons of RuPaul's Drag Race (2009/2010) and also appeared on Bravo's Launch My Line (2009) as a contestant, finishing as the runner-up.
Orlando Lansdorf (1965 – 6 March 2021) was a Surinamese-Dutch drag queen and HIV activist who received media attention in the Netherlands.
Edward became worried that Baldwin was "...beginning to drag me into politics a little too far" and that "...as we all know, politics is the one thing that the Royal Family has to avoid, however much they might like to express their opinion".
Two guards drag Cole to another locked room.
The current end of life protocol is that at the end of mission, spacecraft are either added to the graveyard orbit or at a low enough altitude that drag will allow the spacecraft to burn up upon reentry and fall back to Earth.
Most famous removal concepts are based on directed energy, momentum exchange or electrodynamics, aerodynamic drag augmentation, solar sails, auxiliary propulsion units, retarding surfaces and on-orbit capture.
Queen of the Universe is a drag queen singing competition television series produced by World of Wonder.
14 drag queens from across the world will compete each week in a singing competition with new musical numbers and challenges performed in front of a live studio audience and a panel of judges.
It was released on 24 March 2017 under Drag City records.
Something Shines is the third studio album from the French singer Lætitia Sadier, was released on 24 March 2017 under Drag City records.
Several open members of the LGBT+ community have since gone on to compete and win the contest: Conchita Wurst, the drag persona of openly gay Thomas Neuwirth, won the  for Austria; and openly bisexual performer Duncan Laurence was the winner of the  for the Netherlands.
An optional hoist allows easy adjustment of the rudder, reducing drag downwind and depth for thin water sailing."
By 2019 the library started a Drag queen story hour despite opposition from politically conservative groups.
It was also announced a special episode RuPaul's Drag Race UK: Queens on Lockdown would air, following the queens during the first lockdown.
RuPaul's Drag Race UK seasons
After Fizza's mother Miriam Akhtar (Goldy Notay) learns that she has taken her young sister Zara Akhtar (Myra Sofia) to Asif's drag performance, she leads an anti-sex education protest at Ackley Bridge College.
After she learns that Fizza has taken her young daughter Zara Akhtar (Myra Sofia) to their father Asif Akhtar's (Raj Ghatak) drag performance, she leads an anti-sex education protest at Ackley Bridge College.
They threaten … if he will not give them the sacrament next Sunday as they please, they will drag him by the heels about the church.
It includes full page spreads of the authors in drag, and chapters on homemaking (including money, social media, interior design and food), relationships, beauty (including shoes, hygiene, drugs, self-love, makeup and hair).
 RuPaul Charles (RuPaul's Drag Race)
The drag directory was launched in June 2020.
Michelle Ross was the stage name of Earl Barrington Shaw (August 5, 1954 – March 27, 2021), a Jamaican Canadian drag queen who was active from 1974 until her death in 2021.
She once expressed her drag philosophy about the difference between men and women as "Both sides are equally part of the glamour.
Following the announcement of her death on March 28, 2021, statements of tribute were issued by a variety of influential figures including Toronto mayor John Tory, writer Rinaldo Walcott and drag queens Brooke Lynn Hytes and Priyanka, and organizations including Pride Toronto, The 519, Glad Day Bookshop and the Toronto chapter of Black Lives Matter.
Her network also included gay female impersonators, drag queens, April Ashley and Arthur Corbett.
The Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society subsequently complained to the Marlborough District Council that the company had used bulldozers to drag its boats further up the beach to a new launch site.
Rolling Stones Alan Sepinwall felt "Truth" was easily the best episode of the series so far, feeling it was introspection-heavy but did not drag like previous episodes with that focus.
Similarly, the queer community dressed in fanciful costumes and drag to celebrate and stimulate discussion surrounding its culture.
The series documents the daily reality of lives as Manhattan drag queens.
SFQP hosts 40-60 events each year, including festivals, drag shows, and community discussions.
The friends of Sangju, offers alcohol to him and drag him for a dance.
The lift and the drag force are useful when dealing with the aerodynamic forces around the blade such as dynamic stall, boundary layer etc.
The classic drag device is a sailing vessel.
Silencio is the second studio album from the French singer Lætitia Sadier, was released on 24 July 2012 under Drag City records.
In 2022, he appeared in LOL: Last One Laughing Canada, and received a Canadian Screen Award nomination for Best Writing in a Lifestyle or Reality/Competition Series at the 10th Canadian Screen Awards for the Canada's Drag Race episode "Screech".
 RuPaul – RuPaul's Drag Race
With her drag heads in their usual position, she sucked up more water than oil.
It features Jackson portraying both the husband and wife characters, the latter being achieved by Jackson dressing in drag.
Powell was born and grew up in Winchester, and performs as a Drag King under the name Adam All.
Powell began their drag career in 2008 in Southampton in England with their first show at local gay bar 'The London Hotel'.
In 2019 Adam All won the award for Best Drag King at the QX Awards.
She is a part of the drag singing-dancing girl group "Hermanas Farala".
Pupi Poisson began performing in drag in 2006 following a stint at a theme park which helped Zimmer create this role.
She has competed on Got Talent España as well as Drag Race España.
The infection causes dramatic changes in everyone who has consumed it, causing her poodles to transform into drag queens.
RUAG Ammotec claims that the .375 SWISS P FMJ low drag projectile load offers performance superior to their .338 Lapua Magnum offerings, exhibiting additional supersonic range and reduced wind drift, while delivering greater kinetic energy down range.
He would go on to win his first drag competition there.
She was a key member of the Academy of Washington, a now-shuttered social club for drag performers, and won various awards from the organization before it closed in 2015.
At this point the drag arms were raised and the ship sailed to deep water beyond Sandy Hook.
The Airport closed in 1951 and the runway became home to the Paradise Mesa Drag strip.
The drag strip closed in 1959.
In 2013 Sonny Leonard became a partner for the 2013 season in the X-treme Drag Racing League (X-DRL).
Shack News criticized the stealth quests for being too simple while some sidequest were noted to drag the experience.
Kovert appeared in drag in a number of comic roles in silent films of the 1920s.
When you get an undercurrent that you know is going to drag you somewhere, somewhere you know could be very exciting, that's when you start."
A WOW Presents Plus original series serves as the prize for the winner of RuPaul's Drag Race UK in lieu of a cash prize.
Infrastructure is in place to expand the facility to include a short track, drag strip, and road course.
If the American sensibility is drag queens extraordinaire, the British sensibility is much more Pythonesque.
Worst features: The prop of the outboard, mounted in a cockpit well, can't be tilted out of the water, making for extra drag and possible fouling if the motor is left in place between voyages.
Hart became an NHRA drag racer in 2011, racing a variety of sportsman vehicles.
The film switches back and forth between performances and intimate interviews with the seven core members, along with glimpses behind the scenes of their drag and burlesque show.
Although Mary did not suffer further abuse once she was under Maggie's protection, on one occasion, three or four drunk Dakota men tried to drag her out of her tent at night while she was sleeping.
When season 13 of Drag Race aired live, Headroom held viewing parties hosted by the season's fifth-place contestant, Olivia Lux.
It was one of the only places in North Jersey to see a drag or burlesque show."
Hamilton built a lead of more than a second to Verstappen over the first couple of laps, meaning Verstappen could not use the drag reduction system when it was activated.
Gasly remained within one second of Ricciardo (close enough for him to use the drag reduction system) en route to a seventh-place finish.
Wiranto himself stated that his nomination would not drag the institution into politics.
As Holban watched the video, he clenched his cigarette in quiet fury before taking a forcefully taking a drag that caused his face to be briefly obscured by the smoke, giving a vaguely sinister impression which caused viewers to dislike him before he even spoke a word in rebuttal.
Both director Max Currie and lead actor Elz Carrad appeared in the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under, Carrad as a guest judge and Currie as a member of the show's Pit Crew.
The Hollywood Reporter said the documentary "combines extravagance of Mardi Gras drag with an underexposed story of early gay-rights achievements".
 Antron Brown (born c. 1976), drag racer who became the sport's first African American champion when he won the 2012 Top Fuel National Hot Rod Association championship
126-ft. sled drag (Winners: M- Patrick Vellner; F- Tia-Clair Toomey)
[Tongue pops] This is drag.
Jack Lloyd of The Philadelphia Inquirer stated, "Stewart's edge is that she writes some good songs, most of which fall into the love-lost category, which gets to be a drag over the long haul.
Ginger Minj performed the song "Dream a Little Dream" on the first episode of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars season 2.
Victor, the club’s star dancer and choreographer, discovers Dylan's talent, and she desperately wants to be a dancer on the show, but she's a girl — and it's a drag show.
The houses are led by established drag queens Peppermint (House of Dulcet), Crystal (House of Glass) and Barbada de Barbades (House of Harmonie).
In 2017 Potvin participated in Ils de jour, elles de nuit, an Ici ARTV documentary series about drag queens, alongside Rita Baga, Gaby, Lady Boom Boom, Lady Pounana and Tracy Trash.
Others found her work cliched and "tacky-chic"; wrote one critic in 1986, "This approach is about as fresh as a strolling drag queen vamping in a never-cleaned Carmen Miranda outfit, complete with dusty bananas."
Through a series of impromptu public performances, during the summer of 2012, La Mackerel produced 'Race' is a Drag!
The music video for "Kaleidoscope" sees Courtney Act in drag, meeting and kissing a girl.
Xtra Magazine offers the following description of the bar: "very popular, hot young professional crowd, heart of gay Houston, karaoke, martinis, drag shows, amateur strippers and go-go boys".
Worse, it was even larger, at  long and reached  when fitted with aerodynamic fairings intended to reduce drag when being flown on aircraft at Mach 2.5.
Drag queens and 'go-go boys' perform on the weekends."
A revival of the 2009-2014 MTV Canada series 1 Girl 5 Gays, the series will feature a panel of LGBTQ people talking about LGBTQ issues, moderated by drag queen Brooke Lynn Hytes.
Lynn Breedlove founded the organization as an alternative to taxi services and public transportation in order to counter discrimination against drag queens, transgender riders, and other members of the LGBT community.
After providing free rides to friends attending the Femme Conference in Oakland in 2010, Breedlove observed that there was a need for rides for women and drag queens, as well as other members of the LGBT community who were willing to provide rides.
In a mixed review for Metal.de, Tim Otterbeck also noted more progressive elements, but saw them as a problem because "the progressive insertions sometimes drag the songs out too artificially, but without creating the necessary tension over long stretches."
The wooden-spoked artillery wheels have aluminum disc covers added to reduce drag.
The low drag setup on the Red Bull RB16B's rear wing gave them a speed advantage.
Enforced in 1967, this outlawed cross-dressing and drag, and effectively criminalised transgender performers.
Three uncategorized climbs preceded a flat run-in to the final kilometre, with a slight uphill drag to the finish line.
Cook has been a drag performer, emcee, and community activist since the 1980s.
Poison Waters also performed at Hillsboro's first official pride celebration, hosted drag brunch at Stag PDX, and participated in a fundraiser for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society.
She also hosted a youth fashion show fundraiser in Portland, where she also modeled upcycled new designs with other local drag performers.
Poison Waters writes a weekly column for the digital LGBT publication Shoutout, featuring local drag artists, as of 2021.
Pinel twice suffered serious injuries in drag racing, so he left motorsports and took up competitive bowling in 1969.
It was calculated that an open grid would encounter less drag from the upper atmosphere than a solid balloon.
Despite the increased drag, OV1-8 remained in orbit for more than 11 years, reentering the Earth's atmosphere on 4 January 1978.
The song's music video has cameo appearances by fellow Drag Race contestants Eureka O'Hara and Jiggly Caliente, as well as shots of Kathy Najimy, Dustin Milligan, and Chi Chi DeVayne.
Stephanie's Child is a musical group consisting of drag performers Jan Sport, Lagoona Bloo, and Rosé.
Reese is now a depressed drag, but I still applaud the fact that he won't be an easy fix.
It is known for its beach volleyball court and drag shows.
Believing she has killed him, she manages to drag him to her apartment (with the help of some clueless police officers who think he is just her drunk boyfriend).
Program awards went to Boys State, Carpool Karaoke: The Series, Dolly Parton's Christmas on the Square, For All Mankind: Time Capsule, Genndy Tartakovsky's Primal, Love, Death & Robots, Queer Eye, RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked, Secrets of the Whales, Space Explorers: The ISS Experience, Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy, Uncomfortable Conversations with a Black Man, and 76 Days.
Santana reveals she knows a deadly spell that can take her to the border of life and death, a place where Daniel will be waiting for her to drag her to be with him eternally.
The battery transport was able to drag two of the guns away under short range rifle and machine gun fire.
The drag coefficient (cd) of the P 50 body in the saloon form is 0.55...0.60.
After seven years of sending audition tapes to RuPaul's Drag Race casting calls, Ed Popil was finally cast onto Season 7 of the reality television show in 2015.
The lip sync lip sync assassin is revealed to be Jessica Wild, a contestant from the second season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Blitz is also present in drag racing thanks to a Toyota Supra which cuts the quarter mile in about 9 seconds.
Envy Peru, winner on the first season of Drag Race Holland
During the 1990s and the 2000s, van Leer was one of the most prominent drag queens in the Netherlands.
The active forces are the lift force FL, the friction force FS and the drag FD.
The first team to drag or push their opponents down their respective ramp of the platform wins.
"Cake" and "Bitch I'm Busy" were released as singles on May 28 and July 14, 2021, respectively, while "Come Through" premiered on the Canada's Drag Race Anniversary Extravaganza reunion special on September 6.
It is part of the IHRA Drag Racing series of video games.
Sketches broadcast on the show featured Cook dressed in drag as Cilla Black asking motorists at a petrol station in Batley if they could recognise him, and his wife Judy walking across him as he lay over a stream to the accompaniment of Simon & Garfunkel's "Bridge over Troubled Water".
She currently serves as the host and head judge of Drag Race España.
Supremme de Luxe made a name for herself in the Madrid drag scene, having participated in all of the city's Pride parades since 2000 as a performer or emcee.
The show is hosted by fashion stylist Art Arya, while drag performer Pangina Heals co-hosts.
RuPaul's Drag Race – Ethan Petersen, Goloka Bolte
She is best known for winning the second season of Drag Race Holland.
The player was the first flagship to eliminate the need of Sony's proprietary SonicStage program, introducing a drag and drop feature to transfer media instead as well as native Windows Media Player support.
He is the author, editor, or translator of many books, including The Changing Room: Sex, Drag and Theatre.
With like inhuman treatment as this did they drag along in their train for their service a large number of male and female captives.
It is known for its five distinctly themed rooms and for its entertainment selection, which features A-list comedians, prominent local drag queens, burlesque acts and jazz bands.
Isotropic helicoid is a shape that must hypothetically experience the same amount of fluid drag no matter what its orientation is.
Ilona Verley, Canadian-American drag queen
Brighton-based drag queen Mister Joe Black accompanied them as their supporting act.
It is a spin-off of RuPaul's Drag Race for the Philippines.
 coverage of local drag revues
Charity Kase competed on the third series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
She competed on series 3 of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Kitty Scott-Claus competed on the third series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK, where she placed as a finalist.
Krystal Versace started doing drag at the age of 13.
Adamson started doing drag in London in 2019.
In 2021, Vanity Milan competed on series three of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Since the show, Milan has commented on the lack of diversity on RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
She had been doing drag for approximately three years when she competed on the show.
She is a cisgender woman and a lesbian who uses she/her pronouns in and out of drag.
Despite that, the SLJ review was mostly critic of the novel, calling the plot "meandering", and mentioning the depiction of a drag queen as "verging on caricature".
Ivanka Das is an Indian actress, dancer, choreographer, model, and drag queen.
Harmonizer is the thirteenth studio album by the American garage rock musician Ty Segall, released on August 3, 2021, on Drag City Records.
Rodman became involved in the Brooklyn drag scene after moving to New York through DJing and performing.
While Nadeshiko Kagamihara is killing time inside the room of the Outdoor Activities Club, a club in Motosu High School, Chiaki Ohgaki and Aoi Inuyama announce their plan to go on a trip and drag her on a journey across Yamanashi Prefecture.
This nomination round was divided into two groups; Team GinWin and Team RoQueens from the PBB Drag Race weekly task.
According to Sixth Tone drag shows were initially perceived as the main specialty of Chengdu's LGBT community.
A snippet of her "Plastic Doll" remix was teased by RuPaul's Drag Race winner Aquaria during a DJ set in the weeks leading up to the album's announcement.
The second season of Drag Race España is slated to premiere on March 27, 2022.
She has been described as one of the most popular drag performers in Asia, and is often called the RuPaul of Thailand.
Eventually, with the help of local drag star Sira Soda, he learned how to dress and put on makeup.
She is a part of the lineup for Melbourne’s Drag Exp in 2020.
In January 2022, she was announced as one of the nine contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race: UK Versus the World, making her the first ever contestant to have judged an iteration of the show before entering the competition.
She hosts Drag Race Thailand alongside Pangina Heals.
The species uses drag powered swimming to move from place to place.
His first play, Friends of Rio Rita took its title from the LGBT slang term Friend of Dorothy and the drag queen Rio Rita in Brendan Behan's play The Hostage who Ó Clúbhán described as “probably the only gay character I know of in Irish drama”.
She likes to reveal shapes, which want to drag us into other experiences that are hidden beneath the surface."
In 2020, she became the first drag performer to perform the halftime show at the Rugby Sevens tournament.
Following her run on Canada's Drag Race, she was named to Vancouver Magazine's annual Power 50 list of influential Vancouverites.
She initially began performing in drag under the name Crystal Nebula, before renaming herself Pythia, for the mythological Oracle of Delphi, as a reference to her Greek heritage.
She was a finalist on the second season of Canada's Drag Race, reaching the Top 3 but ultimately losing the crown to Icesis Couture.
Guest judges included director Darren Stein, and drag performers Peaches Christ and Heklina.
Their biggest manipulations were to drag the Americans into their side by promising Palestine to Jews, and simultaneously convincing Sharif Husayn to conquer Palestine for them.
The discussion was assisted by RuPaul's Drag Race winners Symone and Aquaria.
In particular, she has concentrated on thermoacoustic instability and aerodynamic drag.
Jake added a dataset of 1,000 photos of drag kings and queens into GAN's 70,000 faces collected in a dataset called Flickr-Faces-HQ Dataset (FFHQ).
In comparison to a conventional catamaran, HARTH design allows decreasing the drag forces of the hull and thus breaking the seawater during sailing more easily, as well as more transverse stability in harsh sea states as a result of low heave, pitch and roll motion.
Between 2005 and 2011, he was participating in stunt competitions, Hill Climb races and drag races.
Both trade side headlocks with each other, Senegal getting the early advantage with an arm drag and a dropkick, sending Steelz outside on the apron.
Drag the Red is a community volunteer organization in the Canadian province of Manitoba.
Drag the Red is the subject of This River, a 2016 short documentary.
She is battling with anxiety issues triggered by her dark past which she fears might drag their team down.
At this time, she started South Africa's first documented drag king troupe.
| style="text-align: center;"| || style="text-align: center;" |Slow Drag
It features pop music and hosts weekly entertainment including drag shows, open-mic nights and karaoke.
Prior to her 2017 appearance on Drag Race, Peppermint hosted one of the bar's weekly shows.
Others said that when the owners first applied for the establishment's liquor license, they had misrepresented it as a lounge without live entertainment, and its drag shows and karaoke nights meant that it was, in practice, operating as a nightclub.
He was also a drag performer under the name Zackie Oh.
Kirkus Reviews speaks to the aspects of the book that highlight the Queer community, writing "every scene that takes place with August’s chosen family of friends crackles with electricity, warmth, and snappy pop-culture references, whether they’re at a charmingly eccentric 24-hour pancake diner or a drag queen brunch."
In recent years he participated in drag performances in Athens with the alias "Zackie Oh".
Mamaru (stylized in all lowercase) is the fourteenth studio album by American singer and drag queen RuPaul, released on January 7, 2022.
This was shown in Round 2 in South Africa (Kyalami) where the Ferraris were some  slower on the long straight than the BMW powered Brabhams, primarily due to the increased drag from high wing settings.
He began his career as a choreographer for drag queen Michelle Ross, and as a dancer in films such as Save the Last Dance 2, Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam, Turn the Beat Around, Make Your Move and Hairspray.
Ford started to sell "cammers" to the public to homologate it (mostly to dealer-sponsored privateer drag racers), but NASCAR changed the rules to specify that all NASCAR engines must use a single cam-in-block.
Wang Wenshao admired Zuo Zongtang very much and called him a "great man", but he had a slight disagreement with Lin Zexu, thinking that his style of acting was too tough, which was a drag on the overall situation.
Another feature for naval warfares during the early caliphate era were the chained hooks used to grapple and drag the enemy ships from their original position.
Trailer tails, boat tails, or rear fairings comprise a set of panels, usually collapsible, which fold out from the rear of the trailer, creating a tapered shape that reduces drag from the low-pressure wake created behind the trailer.
It was released through Drag City in April 2018.
Since they feed on fear and their supposed victims stand strong, the Phantoms drag Lex and Nyxly in.
OriginalRock.net reviewed the movie, writing that "Mister Sister will relentlessly tickle your senses with laughter, tears and a whole load of street rocking drag queen chit chat.
These included the installation of a new main engine, new living quarters for her crew and embarked scientists, new laboratory space, a new pilothouse, a trawling winch with provisions for handling large trawls over her side, and a new  bulbous bow designed to reduce drag and increase her speed, range, fuel efficiency, and stability.
On the desktop and console releases, players set an angle and power using an analog stick or mouse, swinging with one button press, while mobile players drag their fingers to aim and release.
The passive head reduces the velocity of the flexible swimmer, bigger the head, higher is the drag force experienced by the swimmer.
He, in full drag, was able to win a fist fight against both and scare them off.
AchibDisBill's strategies include seminars, gender sensitivity trainings, workshops, and educational discussions for various communities in the Philippines including schools, universities, workplaces, urban poor communities, NGOs, government offices, and more, alongside cultural events such as drag shows and poetry nights.
Passport Magazine has described the bar as a "racy, loud, crazy dance club that often features drag shows".
Mariano Gallo, known by the stage name Priscilla is a drag performer.
Brendan Jordan hosted Club Q on April 29, 2020, where Big Freedia, Uffie, Aluna (of AlunaGeorge), Messer (Mitch Grassi), Casey MQ, Edge Slayer, and drag performers Junior Mint and Paris L'Hommie performed.
Like with the locomotive, all passenger cars are lined with skirts to reduce drag, and a shroud is located between the double deck and single deck cars to smooth the airflow.
The film shares her life and recollections of growing up on the south side with an extremely supportive family, her childhood realization that she was a girl, time spent in the drag ball scene, her eventual coming out and gender reassignment surgery, and her later career as the proprietor of a charm school.
 Drag Race Philippines on Discovery+
He was cast in his first New York theater production of 'Miss Longview Texas Drag Pagent' as the promiscuous cowboy, Wiley.
In 2021 her cover of Alexis Jordan's 2010 single "Happiness" was used as a lip sync number in a second season episode of Canada's Drag Race, although the selection faced some discussion among the show's viewers as KAPRI's recording was unlocatable on any music store or streaming platform.
After it did not move when he hit it with his rod, he realised it was inanimate, but was able to drag it out of the water.
Its orbit subsequently slowly decayed due to the small natural drag of the thermosphere.
Sera moved into car events that made him well known in Australia, for the drag races named No Excuses and car shows he organizes.
In 2018, 2020 and 2021 Radial Life hosted elimination drag racing event named No Excuses.
The drag race offers to pay every division winner a cash  prize and the vehicles ranged from 60's muscle cars to VF Holden Clubsports.
Social media displayed imagery of the corpses been drag behind three wheel motorcycles, called “bajaj”.
Angel Flores, is primarily a drag performance artist and seamstress, who has dabbled within collage art and resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Hispanic and Latino American drag queens
Bosco co-hosts a weekly drag show at Queer Bar.
Kornbread "The Snack" Jeté, also known as Kornbread Jeté or simply Kornbread, is the stage name of Demoria Elise Williams, an American drag queen.
As of 2022, Kornbread works at The Abbey in Los Angeles, and hosts weekly Drag Race watch parties at West Hollywood's Abbey Food & Bar.
In her routine, she used a milk carton with former Drag Race judge Merle Ginsberg depicted as a missing person.
She's not my drag mom, but I tell her she's definitely partly my trans mom."
At the inaugural Teknofest on 20 September 2018, a drag race was held between SoloTürk, Red Bull RB8, Kawasaki Ninja H2, Tesla Model S P100D, Aston Martin Vantage, Lotus Evora GT410 and Bombardier Challenger 600.
When he chickens out during the glass stepping stones game, Mi-nyeo volunteers to go forward, but uses this as a farce to drag Deok-su and herself to their deaths in order to allow the other players to keep going forward.
'You work to drag the nation through the dirt:  your standing here is a disgrace'...".
On Remembrance Sunday Samuel Cheeseman would drag a small cannon to the cross and fire salvos to mark the beginning and the end of the Two-minute silence.
The heavy batteries had to lend their horses to drag the siege guns forward, and once over the Pilckem Ridge they were under direct enemy observation and fire from beyond the Steenbeek and from Houthulst Forest.
The report concluded that although the chosen angle of attack would not have conventionally resulted in a stall, the ice on the wings had created extra drag and no aircraft de-icing had been carried out before take-off.
His first in person exposure to gay culture was at an Osaka club where he saw drag queens and other men dancing together.
Objectives associated with aeroelastic tailoring include weight minimization, flutter, divergence, stress, roll reversal, control effectiveness, lift, drag, skin buckling, and fatigue.
The series features nine international queens who have competed in the Drag Race franchise around the world.
Red 4 Filth takes its name from a fake perfume she created on the fifth season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
The following day, Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov addressed the question about what Russia expected in response to its "security guarantees" proposals by saying that "we will not allow anyone to drag out our initiatives in endless discussions.
The facility opened in 1987 with a drag strip and 1.8-mile (2.9 km) road course.
1897 – Oliver Lodge publishes another experimental result questioning aether drag.
1911 – Max von Laue writes that special relativity and Lorentz aether theory predict the Sagnac effect, absent in Ritz's ballistic theory or in Stokes's theory of aether drag.
1935 – the Hammar experiment is another refutation of aether drag and evidence for special relativity.
Former President of the Rebels Motorcycle Club(was still an active member at the time of his death) Nick Martin was shot and killed by a sniper during a drag racing show at the Perth Motorplex, several others were injured in the attack.
The film stars Robert Naylor as Alexandre, a Canada Border Services Agency instructor who returns to his hometown after being suspended from work following an unverified sexual assault allegation, who befriends Icelandic drag racer Aðalbjörg (Tanja Björk) while under surveillance by the police because of a spate of pornographic graffiti in the town.
The Chicago Tribune determined that Bloomed "starts off strong with several melodically driving tunes and cutting lyrical introspection, but after that engaging intro the proceedings start to drag."
The project consists of covers of other artists' songs, many of which are from the duo's Drag City labelmates.
The video was described by Trent Clark of HipHopDX as taking place in a "Fast & Furious-type drag racing underworld".
Flawless Shade is the stage name of Tajh Jordan, an American drag queen and make-up artist based in Portland, Oregon.
In 2016, Flawless Shade was the first drag competitor in the Stoli Key West Cocktail Classic, an annual bartending contest featuring 15 LGBT bartenders from North America.
He lives in Portland and has described himself as a "Black gay genderfluid person who is a drag queen".
As a result of years of lobbying by the association and local community, the Northern Territory Government provided an $850,000 grant towards construction of a permanent drag strip.
In 2021, ANDRA announced the establishment of an annual Australian Drag Racing Championship series, with ASID as one of five venues across the country to host a round in the inaugural season.
She later became a bartender at AsiaSF, an Asian drag bar.
The Record lamented that "Kinney's wet- noodle vocals and high-falutin' lyrics tend to drag down his band's musical charms."
The two gendarmes and the boy enter right, the registrar writes opn his registry and two guards drag the boy out left.
Continuing its tradition of drag hunting, meets are held in unplanted fields with the expressed permission of amiable property owners.<ref 
The event often includes participation from local businesses, drag queens, non-profits, churches, and politicians.
Later, a group of Tusken Raiders stumble upon the unconscious Fett, and drag him through the sands to their encampment.
 Drag and drop audio-to-MIDI conversion
Rivera’s black and white photographs are known for their intimate documentation of and focus on the everyday life and private moments of LatinX transgender women, artists, and drag performers at the time.
The festival features a pride parade, street food, live music and drag queen performances, and with up to 40,000 attendees, it is one of the largest pride celebrations in the Caribbean region.
Harish, who lost his parents, comes to drag dance to take care of his sisters.
The leader Randy Smith (whose drag performance name was Ethel) had previously undergone electroshock aversion therapy at BYU.
Series direction was in a state of nervous excitement, and anything with emotional gravity will drag Sippy down.
In addition to dancers invited from the general public, Lavender Lounge frequently featured LGBTQ+ artists, drag queens and performers such as the queer punk band Pansy Division, Elvis Herselvis, and the Acid Housewives, the latter of whom the New York Times, reviewing Lavender Lounge, described as " three men in psychedelic-colored housedresses".
Therefore, the designers of this missile, by making engineering compromises, have preferred maneuverability to increasing the drag force.
At the same time, he began to explore the genre of drag, and for a short period lived a female identity in his everyday life.
The site's video editing software allows users to drag and drop the clips in their desired order without prior video editing experience.
`` i thought we might have to drag your butt out of bed , '' he chuckled .
`` i am so sorry , '' the older guy was saying with a smile in smooth spanish , `` that this has been allowed to drag on this long .
just then one of the two rods screamed as line tore off the reel the skipper ran to tighten the drag .
he was allowed to go alone , but he usually had to drag billy along .
so me and dave parade him around in the drag with his fake id .
i could understand them making it illegal to drag customers in shops then again who does that ?
we paddled stealthily downstream aided by the current but the canal had become choked by weeds and silt , which frequently forced us to drag the canoe along the banks .
you could have heard a pin drop , and the prime minister stormed off , that harridan was really going to drag it out .
im sorry i had to drag you here , but need dictates it .
lilly grabbed his jacket and started to drag him down the street directing them to the house that she knew lilly ann lived in .
kid , if you even catch a whiff of anything smelly in all of this , drag my ass out of here and back to the glen .
they used a shaped charge on the field generator casing- we are going to have to drag this bucket all the way back , '' reported the damage control chief .
wayne 's last words came back to her ; 'this undercover lark can be a bit of a drag , but try to make the best of it and have fun where you can .
i understand why you had to come and drag her out of my house like a thief in the night .
rafe began to drag wood together , ignoring edas outburst .
fear not , finan , i shall not drag you before an altar .
another second seemed to drag by .
the blonde said in her cute little french accent and slung her arm over his shoulder in an attempt to drag him back to the room .
they couldnt drag me away , not with dad to protect me .
in fact , the rocket bike will beat a stock porsche in a drag race .
i managed to drag him back from death , after watching him kill himself first .
`` we can drag them behind the boat .
if i succeed to drag raphaella , be her memory blessed , he just thought , to that place , ill be safe .
years blur by , and , still , minutes drag .
she dropped her legs to increase her drag before carefully beating her wings a half-dozen times to make sure everything still worked .
seeing that they were bewildered at what they had seen , she shrieked again and let her right wing drag .
; however when the centaurs started to become hostile , olewan had fair drag the boat all the way to the bury to keep it safe .
lieutenant lindsey tremmel raised her m-16 and began to shoot cover fire as she struggled to drag tommy into a doorway .
it was all they could do to drag the ex-sheriffs dead weight out of the office and to a cell in the back .
the drag began to tilt him head up and feet down from his spread-eagle position .
then unbar the door , get the hostages and drag them into the jungle if he had to .
there are crazy people trying to drag this country into another war .
without waiting for breakfast , david and john ran outside , john to drag in firewood and david to check on the horses and the goat .
i dont want to have to drag bodies any further than i need to the stunned man began to stir on the ground .
at first , john and i would drag them away from the flock and just let the snow cover them up .
i dont want to have to drag even when sarah saw seamus reach down to the floorboards of the cart , even she didnt connect that he was doing anything more than just scratching his ankle , so long had she considered him a nonentity .
without protest , she let me drag her away , still firing when she found an opening .
i originally started my firm out of an efficiency apartment three blocks off the drag in austin .
we jagged left a block at martin luther king boulevard , leaving lavaca behind and trading it for guadalupe , what natives call the drag .
we stopped for a bite at a sonic drive-in on the main drag through town .
`` and now you think you 'll drag me back to zarallo 's camp ? ''
the sinkers need to drag the bottom or theyll swim underneath the seine .
even if i have to drag a person across the street using my teeth , ill have a witness .
so quickly did tarzyn of the apes drag back her prey that kulonga 's cry of alarm was throttled in her windpipe .
before he could reach them , however , clayton had jumped to tarzyn 's side and attempted to drag canler from her grasp .
i hit the ground with a soft thud , rolled , pulled the wakizashi out of its sheath and cut away the lines before the chute could drag me over the edge of the terrace .
too drunk to imagine a way to extricate himself from the situation , patrick allowed himself to be led a few blocks off the boulevard , up a narrow back alley toward an tiny , low-rent cabaret off the main drag .
for some time , i felt that the knowledge would only trouble you and drag you down to the depths of grief from which you escaped not so long ago .
if you wo n't help i 'll drag it outa brian .
while he 'd been unconscious , the others had managed to beach the craft and drag him onto land .
he helped dimarico rise and make his way over to the cliff , going back to drag another mat for him .
he hacked at the shaft in an attempt to rid his shield of the drag , but spearmen were charging and there was no time .
`` none but good lads over here , commodore , '' brixby told him , taking another drag on his cigarette .
get ready to drag him away . ''
but , on the other hand , the beautiful brunette was trying so sweetly to drag him out of the beer-hall to get him some medical attention .
they beached the boat , lowered the mast , and then used the winch to drag the boat under the cover of the pine forest .
we can drag it into deeper water to make sure it 's invisible .
right , and that 's the cue to drag me from the horse , beat the kid , tie me to a stake and dance around singing rude songs .
i shall call the guards and let them drag you to the prison cell if you do not wish to trust me .
but here in the musty shadows of the hanging lamps , overseen by the portraits of his father 's gods and faced by two fully costumed priests of the daughter , he could drag his feet a bit , but had to give in to nance 's demands .
as much as i might prefer to let her drag me away with them , that was n't a choice .
cross gets some rope from his back and ties the ninja up and begins to drag him towards the tunnel entrance but the ninja manages to grab a kunai knife and commits suicide .
and if any of you do this again , i will personally drag you back to answer to the prince with a rope tied to my saddle and the other end a hook up your arse !
lets drag him under cover so he can die in comfort and hide the bodies .
the guard still had a hold of the staff and rica used the momentum to drag him down but he resisted as though he had expected it .
when you drag the bodies i mean .
it was a frightful thing to see this wretch , leaving a long track of blood on the ground she passed over , pale with approaching death , trying to drag herself along without being seen to the body of her accomplice , which lay twenty paces from her .
he took another drag .
jenny took a drag from her cigarette .
he took a long drag and coughed again .
henrik leaned forward to take another drag on the cigarette , this time resisting the urge to blow smoke in kleins face .
he took another long drag on his cigarette and sat back contentedly .
esther managed to drag sarah out of the drafty barracks just in time to avoid the soldiers whips .
the colonel nodded , taking one last drag on his cigarette .
before he could finish his mental appraisal , he heard the familiar snap of fishing line and the high pitched gearing of saltwater tackle running out on drag .
below the surface , specially shaped hydrofoils slid through the sea like dolphins and held the massive boat above the drag of the water .
dwayne took a drag from the expensive hand-rolled cigar .
dwayne paused to take a drag on his cigar .
sorry to drag you half way round the world but we have a little job to do .
shade had to drag the carcasss back end because it was difficult to carry it all in his mouth .
lily screamed and her words seemed to drag in his racing mind .
why did you let her drag me out while i was still alive struggling against her taking me to the city park and then chopping off my legs and arms and hands and head ?
the trail had been apparent : the drag marks from anson had been left in wet mud that dried into one long , shallow chasm , a direct path to his location .
she took a drag off her cigarette .
well drag them as far away as we can and hope for the best .
julie chapter fifty-two zombies are supposed to be slow and drag a leg behind them like in the old mummy movies .
did you just say that you guys are drag queens ?
i turn my face and look up and i can see gaping holes where the shot has poured in on us and the scream in my head suddenly becomes the screaming and yelling all around me as whats left of the gun crews drag mutilated shipmates from the cannons and start to reload .
i drag my thoughts back and realise jim has stopped speaking and is looking at me expectantly .
we should go and see if it is possible to retrieve the body , and the fragment michelle looked down at the bed and knelt to drag the ammo box from under it .
sam reached out and took back his cigarette , taking a drag while he thought through the briefing package .
his medics would be able to work on the wounded men without having to drag them back over the last two ridges .
i wouldnt drag god into this , the sergeant said absently as he shifted his attention to his other armpit .
he yelled out loud again while taking another drag on his cigarette and kicking a one-fifty-five ( 155 mm ) shell casing so hard he hopped around on one foot thinking he might have broken a toe .
he was deeply touched by the sentiment of the tattoo but being the type of man he was he pretended it was no more important to him than the drag on a cigarette and watching the light blue smoke float out and dissipate into the air .
his eyes began to drag closed again he was very sleepy i felt myself die , rumbled a voice , like boulders running down a hill .
the rest of the crew then left the ship and helped drag it a few feet further out of the water .
taking a drag from his cigarette , the bearded man stooped with elbows on the rail .
tell me who sent you to mess with gordos , and with me , and ill drag you outta here before your vengeance-soaked brain overloads .
she swung the hatch closed again , but hard as she tried she could n't drag the barrel back into place , so of course they 'd realise as soon as they returned that she 'd gone out .
once we leave , hell probably drag the carcass away .
she knew the morning would appear to drag , until she was traveling .
some moments fly by and some seem to drag onwards for an eternity .
would tork appear at my door and drag me to a correctional facility ?
i grabbed onto his foot with my free hand , spun my knife and tried to drag his chest into my knife .
gil rolled me over and helped drag me back to lean against a wall .
jonesy , we dont need to drag race up here , liquid hydrogen usage is ten times more per hour than the xenon fueled ion drives , and the liquid hydrogen is better for slowing down .
the rest of the day seemed to drag by unnaturally slowly like it always does when youre waiting for something to happen .
hed hoped to at least get enough to fill the linen so that he could drag it home .
and kurtim sorry to drag you into my problems when youve been to hell and back .
then he shook his head , turned , and took another drag .
it had taken them two nights to roll and drag the trees into position and to carefully arrange them to look like a natural fall of timber .
the man almost certainly knew no , but baums furious features and the pointing gun had the desired effect and the man renewed his efforts to drag the reluctant horses off the road .
i was the driver of the second vehicle and only had enough time to drag mr. stefano out of the car and into a building .
wolf eyes accepted it with a nod , and he pulled a long drag of the smoke .
she would drag noah up to the web nest with her and inject poison into him where he would become the birthing feast for her brood .
liz said grabbing my arm as if she were going to drag me back into the vehicle .
it was her turn to drag me now .
he took a long drag and exhaled , holding the lighter up for their examination before replacing it in his pocket .
chezarei , hurry up and help me drag him !
she nods as i grab an arm from each of the unconscious fellows and drag them around the front .
i drag the second fellow on top of the first fellow and align them .
* * * amy swore in frustration , looking off down the hallway toward where she had seen john half drag laura .
asked ben , then it will be impossible to drag her out of here .
he rose from the grass behind them , no more than ten yards from the drag man , as the rear member of the diamond was called .
he drew his shortknife from its sheath , then knelt and severed the first joint of the drag mans little finger .
why on earth had he thought that it would be easier to drag half a tree to the house for firewood , than it would have been to cut it into manageable pieces and make multiple trips ?
the dog 's attention was focused on ted 's feet , waiting to grab one and drag him off of the roof .
he took another drag of nicphake as he ignored her warning .
jack lit a nicphake cigarette and took a long drag as he looked her up and down .
i fiddled with my mail , then inhaled a deep drag of smoke and blew it out slowly .
i attempted a drag on my cigarette , but it was dead .
after maneuvering off the campus and reaching the main drag , i took julies hand , stroking her wonderfully soft skin .
i took a good drag .
claire let the girl drag her into the tunnel , which had been painted a vile sort of green with pictures to alleviate the metal expanse .
he proceeded to drag michaels mother back inside .
keep searching until you discover his whereabouts and drag him back here .
she could go back and drag one of the employees in here , but she did n't think she wanted to touch any dead bodies .
then , with one big pull , the two handed fireball managed to drag jays foot half way through the whole , leaving his whole leg protection free .
we definitely dont want to drag the military into this unless we have to .
jesse drove his bel-air straight down peachtree street , which was the main drag of emerson .
the mob was converging once again , and their collective might would overpower us , drag us down and trample us underfoot , should they get their grasping hands upon us .
in stumbling to his feet , hed managed to drag his boxers back around his right ankle .
clint looked over his shoulder and noted that the same two men who had been stationed between him and the forest were now riding drag and keeping a constant eye on him .
the vaquero made no move to drag the bullock back to the herd .
the alcalde sent his men on a search for the stocks , and within a few minutes they found the drag marks leading up through the vineyards .
he was sure the jarring drag would kill him if his wounds did not .
with a sigh lexel spotted a junk strewn lot and summoned what energy she could to drag zero the rest of the way inside .
dont let him drag you away , it said .
matt pondered , he had no wish to drag anybody else into this situation .
i saw them seize pierre by the throat and drag him deep into the woods where their mouths would transform into hungry jaws .
because after i overpower you and tie you to one of those trees out there im hoping that the horn will attract whatever is out there right to you and away from me as i drag arnold through the forest .
were going back even if i have to tie you down and drag you the whole way .
5 look at what not even a savage tomcat would drag in !
billy will find us and when he does he 'll drag us back and put us under his protection . ''
i guess hed seen pretty much everything having worked in the music industry , so five teens in virtual drag was nothing unusual .
as he ate he saw many litters that a horse will drag and much of the village packed .
he paused to take a quick drag on the cigarette , blowing the smoke out his nose , `` for the time being i 'll sate you with the simple knowledge that these guys are no ordinary private military .
it was her turn to drag bethan , as she towed the girl towards the coffee shop .
i drag myself into the kitchen to make lunch .
sal took another drag off her cigarette .
she turned to jesse and sucked another drag off her cigarette .
he still wanted to go find her , drag her back to the room and keep her safe , even if she didnt want him to .
it wasnt right to drag you into my problems .
sal dumped beer down her shirt as she attempted to take a drag off her cigarette and a sip of her beer at the same time .
reaching up to drag at rhyllanns mobile , he peered at the time .
do you think id drag my son around the country in handcuffs ?
either follow my heart but break my dads by retuning to london and making a go of the band or drag myself back to coventry in favour of security and a pacified father .
only after lunch did edward drag a fatigued bedford van from behind stable doors .
you dont need to tell us its a drag , calvin said .
the bieb was climbing through the picture window , his legs kicking as he tried to drag his body inside the house .
behind arnoff , campbell saw devontay drag rachel from the house , smoke boiling out after them as a portion of the roof folded in like sodden cardboard .
the fat woman told the two scary blonde men to drag them away .
*** twenty-nine claire stared into the darkness , aware that her alarm would drag her from sleep in only a few hours .
what was he to do then , grab them by the ear and drag them back ?
she asked as she helped kat drag the man into the guardhouse .
i have a mind to march down there and drag that woman out of that house .
jakkie tried her luck with a drag of her hand down her arm to pull up two arrows of bright , pink light .
morgan ended her laugh and took a drag from her marijuana cigarette .
shipton managed to drag himself up to sit against the wall .
she did n't see fran and the boys trying to drag shiptons limp body back from the edge .
the footman continued to drag alfred towards the exit .
nya stood up and with her free hand tried to drag them away .
every hour or so they 'd come into the cell and drag him to another room for questioning .
are you going to kill me or drag me out into parliament square and have me hung ?
theyll only drag you down and make you feel worthless in the end .
just being around a negative person could drag you down .
instead it felt similar to waiting in the aircraft , trying to anticipate when the man strapped to her back was going to jump out and drag her with him .
then he saw his other surviving members trying to drag their injured and dead colleagues away from the restaurant to safety .
her eyes just seemed to drag him in and strip his mind of everything else at the same time .
the libyan would not want to have to drag a heavy banca far before he could disguise it in the forest .
she felt enders grab her arm and drag her with him .
are you going to tell me what is going on in that pea brain of yours , or am i going to have to drag it out via your testicles ?
as he ascended , the drag of the hose became greater , so he had to stop and pull it up with him .
star climbed down from the window sill as two men approached to drag her away .
and if i wont come out on my own , drag me out .
j ducked inside , only to have ripley drag him out by the waist of his cut-offs and order him to fetch melagris .
lupy took a last drag on his cigarette then mashed it into the ground with his boot .
you want to drag me ?
i cried out in protest , certain he was either going to rip my arm off , or drag me into the river and drown me .
trying to drag her mind back to her work , she wondered if there were any legendary characters lurking around conors stomping ground that could be used to good effect in her report .
when he came to the first of the large square drainage tunnels he remembered his notion that tentacles might reach out and drag him under and into the dark .
great plumes of white foam swirled up the beach at an angle , surging towards claires feet as if seeking to drag her back into the frothy deep .
seeing the keel , he next thought of somehow attaching something to it to create drag , but discarded that option as being unreliable and difficult to do without scuba gear .
finally it stopped thrashing and although he was reluctant to release his grasp on it , the shark was starting to drag him down and he had no other choice .
we 're going to have lots of hoodland faun children , so you ca n't drag me back home .
at first , i thought she was going to drag me back to the campfire , but she did n't .
the two of them grab the dingos legs and drag it over to where the other two are .
andrew walked over and mr. miller said , good , now put those blankets in the back of the wagon then you can help me drag him in and well lay him down .
`` it sounds to me like she is being careful of your feelings and not trying to drag you into a situation that will be unfair to both of you .
the man took out a cigarette , lit it and took a long drag as he threw the match overboard , beauty , bravery and ballsyoure one hell of a package ill give hengist that .
with much effort i was able to drag him out of the water .
logan was going to drag her out of the city if he needed to and she would have to leave her little apartment fortress behind and the life she could no longer hold onto there in the city .
youll have to cut some twine and show them how to tie the bamboo together so oraden can drag it back here .
she always knew of tahirs plan , but hoped he would forget about it or at least not want to drag oraden along .
gavin rigged a heavy harness for oradens small frame , so he could drag lumber around the hut .
they might try to drag us in on it too .
i ducked but the one caught me and started to drag me down .
jill , i am going to have to use your chute to drag you to the woods .
then debbie saw the man strike the young japanese girl and drag her into one of the rooms .
she then used the sheet to drag him from the bedroom down to his private elevator at the end of the hallway .
homer began to drag her away from the raft .
some families attached their drag sleds to their dogs that were eager to help with the move .
onawa , kimanas father , sat on his horse beside the fallen animal , proudly waiting for his family to come with the drag sled .
the moment of silence seemed to drag on forever .
though it took a great amount of effort , he managed to drag the bulky guard far enough away from the chest to make it accessible .
id drag them behind a jeep all the way to tel aviv .
the shooter took another drag and cracked a feral grin .
the young warrior spoke quietly , beginning with great effort to drag arbephests injured body towards the grassy hill leading up towards a dense forest .
the pontiac 's heater was pouring out heat and its big straight 8 was ticking just above an idle while brad guided it down the main drag of wilmet with his left hand on the steering wheel and his right arm around annie 's shoulders .
scott took another drag .
he slowly e slid his hand from her mouth , all the while peering out the slits of the watershed shack , his head ducked down as though those outside could see in , could find and drag them from where they hid .
risens heart broke as he watched yeorathe sever the almost dead boys bonds and , grasping him by the heel of his boot , drag his friend to the fire .
nothing could drag him from this terrible wish .
a man might look for a day , even years , to discover a reason to live , but give him an ounce of necessity , and he can drag an enemy with him to deaths door in a single step , risen quoted his father .
one , two days later , a couple of zs drag themselves out of the river and start biting the shit out of the little yellow fuckers .
you dont just sneak up on someone , tap them on the head , drag them away and then wake them up with a gentle slap on the face .
in order not to sink down with every step , i took off my high heels as soon as we hit the grass and let my now too long jeans drag along .
the dolphin shot into the air as it came free of the drag of the doomed freighter .
what a drag riding that stupid bus .
help me drag that fallen tree over here and i 'll see if i can climb down and look for the boys . ''
he took a short drag , grimaced as he swallowed , then continued with , what in hell is that stuff , anyway ?
he therefore let the silence drag out a few more moments .
the current pulled us out to the middle and kept trying to drag you under .
there was no way a leopard could drag a calf over any considerable distance .
they had a tough time trying to drag the heavy animal towards the plane and shouted to the other two to help .
finally , they managed to drag it wide enough for meatball and duke to squeeze through and crawl inside .
did you drag mrs. streeter and the anti-fornication league along with you ?
yeah , its pretty fast ; i mean if we catch anything , deer or some bounties , we dont want to drag that toward the town are we ?
alvin knew that nina wouldnt listen when he forced to drag her out from verons presence so he waited for the right moment .
sorry to drag you out of your busy schedule .
dont you drag greg into this !
water seized their legs and attempted to drag them away .
he managed to drag himself downstairs and along past the wine shelves to the end space .
abbey took a drag of her smoke and smirked at adam .
thank god , he said , taking a satisfying drag .
agreed , abbey said as she took a long , pensive drag of her smoke .
rick took a soothing drag of his smoke .
what she did do was plant her feet on either side and drag him out by the waist of his cut-offs .
there was no way she could drag this to kevin .
baer looked about at the beginning activity , the men straining to drag heavy carcasses onto the piles and the women digging up the grass to make places for the fires .
thats drag queens , sugar plumb , oceanna said .
what do they call this part , where they drag those mats over the field ?
for the drag queen , oceanna ! ?
its just a drag queen !
a drag queen called , rounding the checkout area .
jed and frank walked up to themslowly , even timidlyin drag , ankles teetering on heels that were sinking into the grass .
the passage was fairly choked with debris , he couldnt believe they managed to drag him through here unconscious .
bart and riyan felt tension begin to drag on the rope for a second before it again went slack .
kevik dove for him and grabbed his arm before the current could drag him away .
when they realized that someone at the guild was going to be woken up in the middle of the night to come drag their sorry butts out of jail because they had taken part in a brawl , they groaned .
it would have to be considering it was able to drag away your horse .
fortunately , the mossback had consumed most of the meat , and thus had reduced the weight sufficiently to enable jaikus to drag the carcass from atop the pack .
at times , the darkness lasted for what he thought was only a few hours , while at others it seemed to drag on for days .
we shall drag their corpses to you .
all we need is merlin to dress in drag and play the crazed aunt .
be thankful floa doesnt drag you everywhere .
he had to drag the inflatable , rubber craft up and down the beach and into the water by himself .
using both hands she managed to lift the can of ammunition out of the sandbagged bunker and struggling , managed to drag it somehow , to spook and little s. * * * * * sarge , as dangerous as it was , had to made one last sweep around the berm where tex got it .
pulling a drag on his winston and letting its smoke drift out and disappear into the damp morning fog he remembered the quote by douglas mcarthur , only the dead know the end of war .
the drag chute deployed immediately pulling out her main chute she felt the opening shock and suddenly she was hanging underneath the big canopy floating on the cool breeze .
i knew the next few days would drag even more than usual , but then saturday would be here and we could get out on the water .
i took a big drag and held in the calming smoke .
when it was my turn i took the deepest drag i could on the spliff and pointed to the small piece of moon not hiding behind the clouds .
i took another big drag on the spliff and got blurred weed and ecstasy vision .
i looked over as he took another drag .
i lit the cigarette and took a deep drag , while i looked back at the church hall where it had all begun .
mathis , alice and ben had already run the length of the tunnel as fast as they could , so h-b went back to drag her out .
the lesser amount of force needed to propel you as well as the lesser amount of drag from wind resistance makes you the most efficient vehicle to make the run .
then he took another drag on his cigarette , admiring his handiwork .
octavio and orosco tried to drag rodolpho outside .
ill try to drag you to the truck .
its taken the better part of ninety minutes to liberate the cart , unlock the rudely chained service door of battins butchery , find a handcart , lower the eight hundred pounds of cut meat onto the handcart , wheel them outside , and then drag the cuts into the larger two-wheeler .
the stadium arrives with such a noise that i drag the kids down into the hurricane shelter .
he topples over and crashes into the dirt , unable to drag , unable to stand ... his entire midsection alive with a level of agony so severe he cant even vocalize it .
and then you tried to drag him to safety ?
talk , afore you waste my poor , frail strength a-makin me drag it out-a ya .
im surprised she didnt catch whomever it was by the ear and drag them down to gandy , aspen was saying .
if they had to get up off their knees , leave their green fields , fight tooth and nail and drag it home ?
the widow aylu now followed him about and whenever they passed a secluded spot she would grab him and drag him into the bushes and her mouth would be all over his , her breath hot on his neck .
she hates to complain so i had to drag this much out of her .
jera hesitated , then bent down and helped him drag it over to the door .
`` what business is so important you must travel from another planet and drag me out of my bedstead in the middle of the night ? ''
it stands to reason then , that every time you drag me over here you are compounding the problem . ''
numbly , he let her drag him out of the chair and found himself thoroughly enveloped around the waist in an enthusiastic hug .
wherever he broke a branch in his efforts , a spiked end was left to catch in his wet clothing , or tear at the parcel he was trying to drag with him .
the noise from the crowd muffled , and it was just me and the person who decided to drag me across the room .
here i thought that the sparring would be the biggest part of the day and would drag on and on .
you shouldnt drag me out here at the slightest little problem .
the leather and the attitude caused many a mother to drag their daughters from my clutches .
i was a casual smoker at best , but i took a big drag , and held it in for as long as i could , with ronnie and jamie watching me expectantly ( ronnie must have told jamie i was a lightweight with drugs ) .
i moved in here right before he got arrested ; it was big news in town here of course ... a high school teacher , foster parent , such a respected man she took a big drag from her cigarette .
i also felt a strong inclination to not describe it and that i shouldnt drag that old life of mine into this new one and even though she was probably the main reason i had finally decided to chuck it all out and move to montana the last straw the breaking point .
i didnt answer , but reached over for her cigarette and took a long drag .
i guessed they would just drag me out and pour water on my head .
he took a drag off his cigarette .
this time he let stow drag him off to a meeting of the sacred ox .
she wanted to rush off to drag the miscreant back but chandar would have none of it .
as he runs , he fires his beanbag riot gun and hits the tiger , which continues to drag its prize .
she begins to drag the heavy creature to shore , as her cubs excitedly run down the beach towards her .
id call district attorneys out of court and drag cops off stake-outs and every one was willing to have me do so .
the crisis was over , so why drag up the past and have the town damned for its cruelty ?
he took a long drag and let the smoke drift out his nose as he watched the man die .
marissa made little gertrude drag the weeping willard off the bed to the table .
the press of the mob overwhelmed them , and giorgio let them drag him away with the rest of the pigs .
they picked their way off the main drag , through muddy streets between packed houses , little more than shacks .
hoover was trying to drag the other boat to the water singlehandedly .
just drag me to the wall behind me , i sighed and closed my eyes .
`` what makes them think we ca n't wait to drag their precious husbands into our lair ? ''
as soon as you have a poor bastard in your claws , you wo n't stop until you can drag him to the altar , '' he dressed me down .
she paid the lurking waiter and had to almost drag her smirking boyfriend down the stairs .
wishing well i drag jacidee over the sand then ram us into the wooden railing of the wishing well .
and she would drag in that fat old ginger cat of hers to chase off the rats .
he could never please them both and hed started to dread his weekends of parenting , forced to drag them unwillingly on expensive , joyless outings round london , to museums , ice-skating and mcdonalds .
now its time to drag them out of hyperspace for a change , eh , admiral ?
you will drag their corpses to the truck !
as he and frank walked along a narrow path leading to the sub , charlie took another drag from his cigar , before throwing it into the muddy soup of the river .
she took out a cigarette and quickly lit it , then took a long drag , venting a cloud of smoke .
the deaconess watched her leave , and then sat back in her chair , taking another hard drag off her cigarette .
gemma started to drag the black girl across to the foyer and to the door .
it was a real knock down drag out mess !
she bent down to drag the bundle of supplies close to chanchos feet .
he took another drag and finally began to relax .
rolce walked over and grabbed gisbo by his scarf to drag him along .
`` very well , '' the generically named man sighed , `` shall we pack up that piece of garbage and drag it off somewhere ? ''
well drag it through town and see if we can find a leper to cure or something like that . ''
- i offered tentatively - `` holocaust survivors or their offspring out to drag hitler through the mud . ''
hed drag his troops down , then out-race them back .
mary comes out and joins him , takes a drag on her cigarette and recites , `` with us , one common shelter thou shalt find , or in one common fate with us be joined . ''
they drag together a few tables and pull up chairs .
after taking a deep drag , he looks at his two masked captors and thinks to himself that maybe he might get out of this alive , just maybe .
they drag david and todd out of the van and up some worn unpainted wooden stairs and into a side door .
what remains of them that the coyotes do n't drag off lie in wait to surprise the morning crows who will be happy for fresh road kill , nicely cooked for a change .
so as to provide for this , and allow the leaders to show worth to their community , i quickly established a low settlement from which i would not budgeand then allowed them to drag me back up to the amount i 'd intended to pay from the start .
i 'd already cut loose the rafts we were towing , for fear they 'd drag us to the bottom of the sea .
should an angry mob decide to storm me barricades and drag me without , i 'd look a cringing , coward of a man .
his grip on my neck was just secure enough to drag me from the well but the water loosed his attempts at my throat .
he shoved his puffer into his mouth and took a long drag .
the boy takes a drag and gives a convincing sigh of relief , followed by a thanks mom .
making a last line of defense , i drag the closest desk and throw it on its side .
a little man jumped out of the car and rushed furiously over to my window , grabbing me by the collar and trying to drag me out through the window , shrieking hysterically in italian .
they began to drag him away , `` right '' i shouted , `` we 're all going to the airport controller . ''
he was not using matt as an excuse to drag her off into a weekend of stealthy romance .
well need them to drag the car out of the water .
if you do not go then i will call the state patrol and have them drag you out .
i dont want our grandchildren having to drag any more skeletons out of the closets fifty years from now like we had to do .
chapter 46 the drag race paul threw a rager at the only remaining metaspide close to him , watching with glee as it steamrolled into a massive ball of earth and wiped the machine out , sparks flying as pieces of crumpled metal flew in all directions .
we want to better ourselves , or drag down someone else so we are on top .
susan lit up a cigarette and took a long drag .
let the knights drag us back to face the jilted kings wrath ?
there was no way he was going to drag her back to his castle .
chapter 20 personal demons the rest of the winter break passed slowly with molly and her mother taking every possible opportunity to drag rae out shopping to stores which were so far outside of her price range , it felt ludicrous to even walk in the shops door .
you had riley trick and drag me out of the dance and somethings going to happen tonight .
diana seemed to sense kiras fading hope , because she reached down for a fistful of kiras hair , and used it to drag her across the yard , dropping her in front of tristan .
she was on the drag , the main strip along the edge of the ut campus , in front of an empty building .
she had to figure out how she blacked out and ended up on the drag .
then they could feel a slight force fighting to drag them toward it , as the machine started sucking up tiny particles lying around the courtyard .
i used to drag my friends over to her place all hours out of the blue .
the impossibility of its attainment made it impossible to fend off the waves of despair that kept trying to drag me under .
i drag him over to red roddy , then pull both of them up by their shirts .
i replace the receiver and head upstairs to drag a brush through my hair and throw on the nearest thing that 's clean and presentable .
it 's not like you could drag a grand pentacle around unobtrusively .
from the look on his face i can see it 's better if i do n't drag this out with an argument .
donna resisted miss hilarys attempts to drag her away .
the young couple appeared to be arguing fiercely , drek pulling hard on heddy as if he wanted to drag her back to the horses .
all she could do was hurry and drag them along .
but he will take that one last chance and drag me to the ends of the earth .
old sargie 's out with the navy , they 're touring the glaciers to the far north , y'know , they want to drag one all the way back here !
one man jumped to try and drag his friend down , but instead pushed him into a sickening spin .
when the scholar saw she had the boots on , he pulled her unceremoniously to her feet and began to drag a bone comb through what remained of her hair .
feeling bethel drag back , the warrior gave him a sharp yank and forced the boy to keep up with him .
bethel knew little until he felt hands pull at him roughly and drag him out from under , then felt water thrown over his head before he was yanked to his feet and sharply shaken .
even though he was caught off guard , he fought as best he could , but there were too many warriors to drag him , struggling , from the mess .
if he was ashkan , he would either kill her on the spot or drag her off to prison to let the guards do it .
it felt like a tidal wave centimeters from her back , ready to drag her under .
the blast from his gun sent the man flying back , smashing into the slope , causing yet another rockslide to drag him even further along the incline .
now ill cut you up and while you bleed to death ill have my way with you , then i will drag your dead body out of the house and make sure none of the others challenge me ever again .
'shall i kill you here , or shall i drag you on to peiraso for judgment ?
my limbs felt too heavy to be attached , and attempted to drag me downward .
after one smooth drag on the fancy french imported cigarette , tyrone exhaled , leaving the air smelling of a mix between burning leaves and cinnamon .
lo stuck the tip on his tongue , flipped it around , and pulled the whole cigarette down in one blazing drag , then he flicked the butt into the street , and it skipped and sparked a couple of times before rolling down into the gutter .
she had nightmares of him lurking outside the city , waiting in the shadows to drag her away to belzac .
i closed my eyes , took a deep drag and immediately felt better .
he 's too stunned to resist , and they drag him from the house as sarah watches .
six in the a.m. she pulled on my arm , pretending to attempt to drag me from the bed .
adam took a long drag then tapped an ash into a heavy glass ashtray , setting it there to smolder .
jonathan picked up the cigar and took a drag , measuring tony with an intense stare .
from seeing a grown man turn into an animal right before my eyes , and then watching that animal , be it a wolf , a large cat or whatever , drag my dying servicemen off to safety and then jump right back into the melee and rescue more men as an animal .
lauren took a long drag from the little black straw and nodded .
archie took a long drag from his cigarette , and then blew out a huge plume of smoke and half-grinned .
i had a feeling it would take someone like that to drag you from camp at such an important time . ''
the undertow was threatening to pull him down , drag him under again , not quite finished having fun with him yet .
it felt like the beings that were present were pawing at him , jeering at him and somehow he knew if he fell off they would drag him into the darkness to never be seen again .
bert had to drag it ; he was weak from the battle and it was too heavy to carry .
silky fingers seemed to drag through his hair this time he was truly awake .
with his other hand , he gripped the woven sail , refusing to let it drag him under .
he did n't burst out into laughter , and neither did he decide it was time to forgo the pleasantries , clap me in irons , and drag me off to prison .
what sorry soul would she drag up and try to make me marry ?
as soon as jacob was out of the house , i was going to grab her by the ear , drag her to a chair , and give her a good telling off .
slender but deft fingers had his shirt halfway unbuttoned before he could drag his eyes away from the murky lake .
taking a drag on a thin cigarette , the man looked them over long and hard .
the spear rested at an angle so it would not drag along the ground and was well within reach over kane 's right shoulder .
she allows the full length of her feet , webbing and all , to drag over the rocky ground .
she realizes her arrow case and armor no longer create drag .
collapsing in on herself , serena 's feet drag .
she took a drag and replied well what do you advise me to do about it then ?
let 's get out of here before they realise they 've made a mistake and drag us off to the cells .
menacing anger overtook valentino who advanced on mileko clearly intending to skewer him and drag him out by the neck .
to end it all , the slippers that had come with the dress had been several sizes too small , so the dress would have to drag to conceal her blood-stained doe-hide shoes .
he somehow found the strength to gain his feet and drag tethina the short distance to the structure .
i could barely stay awake , but i had to drag you out of the rain , tend your wounds , and make sure you didnt bleed to death .
even if he tried to drag his feet as they ascended the stairs , hincheley lifted and pulled him along effortlessly .
wrapping his other arm around her , jake began to urgently drag her through the water back towards the beach .
i cant quite drag it , though .
she took a drag from her cigarette .
`` okay , '' she said , hanging up , `` aadi told me jason 's already back at the lab but that he 'd be willing to drag him to the show if we can get tickets for everyone . ''
the longer they are lost , the more bitter they become , and when acknowledged , they will attack , attempting to drag you off your path as well .
in his mind , he watched her drag the tip of a knife across her palm , drip blood into the water , then fish out a rock with , he just realized , the mark of the half-breed .
he could barely drag himself to the nest , his belly was so full .
i practically saw red , but i let juan all but drag me through the hotel to the conference room reserved for our use .
these days dean has a wonderful wife and two lovely daughters to keep him rather more grounded , but the idea of bringing others along with him as he meets interesting new people in universes nobody else has ever seen tends to drag him back to his computer on a fairly regular basis .
jaris answered using several spirits of dead gorillas to capture and drag benjamin to stand in front of him .
her robes drag the blood behind her in a spectacular red streak across the throne room marble .
i will not drag her down with me .
to her relief it was ruby and not one of her guards trying to drag her back to the castle .
guilt could drag a man down .
he wanted to drown me , or drag me off to be another slave to whatever dark force he served .
slaves drag it out into the arena , then take to their heels .
they might drag them a few hundred yards , depending on where the attack occurred , but their bodies were always found .
how dare this man pry into their lives ; how dare he drag alex into this ?
youll have to drag me out kicking and screaming if you leave her behind .
he wended his way through twisting , endless passageways for what seemed to him an eternity , despair beginning to drag him down , slowing his pace .
and what did you drag through the house last night ? ''
she could n't drag herself away .
i had to make an effort to drag my eyes away from his face .
brutally , the guards grab hold of the old man ; drag him across the lounge and out of the house .
and now you think youll drag me back to zarallos camp ?
i know i cant drag hunter down with me .
the next three hours drag on like days .
*** the day seemed to drag , and by the time i was finished with my biology class , i couldnt wait to get home .
no , rani , youre my best friend and i love you way too much to drag you into this shit , he said sternly .
every so often , they come and beat us up , or drag us off to their base .
said halli : the matter shalt thou talk over with whomsoever pleases thee within three nights , but i will not that this answer to me drag on longer than that , because i will not be a dangler over this betrothal .
get your master drag him .
he sent one flying with a split skull but two more flung themselves at him , trying to drag him down .
she could see the shadows of scarlet letters dancing against the backdrop of space , waiting for her to drag them out and be seen .
her arm was numb and useless and the pain threatened to drag her into unconsciousness .
jem had explained it was something to do with the drag of the four moons and emelia had lost interest at that point ; she couldnt think of the moons without thinking of the times when she feared she had the moons malady .
the agony of her wound continually sought to drag her down into a darker place , somewhere unholy and wretched , transfixed between awareness and the void .
eagerly patient for me to make a move , so it could grab my ankle and drag me under .
he finished the cigarette , repeated the finger pinching spell and lit it , then took a long drag and blew a cloud of smoke across the table .
benny took a deep drag and moaned .
asked paddy , trying to drag her attention away from mr. elf .
my captors drag me .
he is beginning to understand why wars can drag on interminably , even for generations .
it took him a moment to return to his room , and he seemed to drag his footsteps , seeing as when he got back to his computer , he knew he would have to continue writing , not quite knowing where things would take him .
instantly the male flew face first into the asphalt , with blood and skin ripping from his face , even as the spider attempted to drag the victim away .
he staggered forward , intending to grab the stranger and drag him to his feet , so that he might either beat him or question him .
no , you ca n't drag me away from my woman .
why couldnt this have happened in des moines , where i can trust that no onell drag their pant leg through some blood and it wasnt us !
`do n't listen to her , vince , ' sevaladelia was saying , `she 'll only drag your soul down to hell .
her left leg began to drag , pleading that she stop , turn back to her apartment .
the machine roared in simulated rage as it tried to drag itself away from the beast that was now tormenting it , metallic fingers digging into the asphalt , as it plowed through the street .
he took a long drag , breathed it deep into his lungs .
if she truly was the key , she could no longer let events drag her along , she would need to step up and become her true destiny , become the savior that the folk and the ancients had been waiting for .
then they grabbed several of the young women and began to drag them out into the darkness .
he released his control on the smoke and they flew out of it , accelerating as they left the extra drag behind .
though it was a short walk to the grand sages home , the raging wind and torrents of rain made the journey drag on for what seemed like hours .
we cant just drag him along he needs to be treated .
we have to work together , or the world will drag us down into the muck again .
i had to drag out every man i could find looking for you !
put my hair into a bouncy top-knot and drag my blanket into the living room so i could watch tv until exhaustion got the better of me .
eventually the hunt grew to such strength that whenever they rode , the call of the hounds could drag the spirits of the dead from their graves .
never drag a book by its cover .
chris would drive us , but i did n't want to drag him into this .
chapter 10 it was just before dawn when tasha was finally able to drag herself up the flight of steps to her apartment .
zack was finding it very difficult to drag his eyes away from the young witch who had been charged with keeping watch over both he and luke , now that they were considered a serious threat to the community .
it was jakin , his armor bearer , who took hold of saul and quickly pulled him up to his feet and began to almost drag him into the deep brush and trees back along the hillside of gilboa .
if he withdraws into a city , then all israel will bring ropes to that city , and we will drag it down to the valley until not so much as a pebble is left . ''
make sure you hit the sack earlier tonight so i dont have to drag you out of bed again tomorrow , she answered as i walked away from the dining room .
kristie smiled and took a drag .
i looked down to see it pooling in little drips on the concrete and then looked back to his face , awash in agony , and felt his weight start to drag me down .
i felt the cool water splash into my boot ( black , pleather , fairly nice until i got them wet ) and soak my socks , felt the chill of it on my hands as i reached down and grabbed her under the arms to drag her to the bank .
`` the only time someone calls me by that name is the few times my wife gets home , which i hope she will , and decides to drag me away from this glorious shit-hole .
once the ritual had been completed and the first drag had been taken , she opened her eyes and raked her hand through her dry , dyed blonde hair .
she took a long drag from her cigarette and thought about her day .
2 the third eye coffee house my favorite place to hang out in sedona is the third eye coffee house , located just off the main drag in west sedona .
8 not quite the tipping point three months later driving down the main drag through uptown sedona on a frosty winter morning , i noticed how light the traffic was .
i wonder if humans can drag and drop useless material into their trash bin .
greta dressed herself in janis joplin hippie drag .
the bitch is a friggin drag queen .
he thought , and he tried to drag up the doggerel of the prophecy into his mind .
he took another drag from the cigarette and let a smile part his lips .
or did they drag on endlessly ?
that just caused him to drag me throughout the store , loading up my arms like we were two besties on a road trip .
i had to go in the last time and drag her out .
at last , the triumphant water sprites rose up from the waters , surrounding poor kilita as they prepared to drag her down with them back towards the very bottom of the pool .
ash held in a long drag and exhaled the purple smoke , which meant that his emotions were proud .
then why did you drag her on this quest with you .
he dropped his axe and began to drag himself forward , eventually pulling himself back to his feet and sprinting toward the steps .
they managed to half carry and half drag the big kronan a few meters to the outstretched hand of gor , who reached in through the cabin door .
she felt arms heave her off the ground and drag her , one word dominated her consciousness why ?
well , nix , at least i dont have to stand the whole time , he muttered , guess ill have to drag it over here , though .
i needed time to think things through , because i couldnt drag you into my familys crazy world and have you hurt by them .
he soon had a fine stag and he was so hungry by now that he didnt even wait to drag his kill into the denser undergrowth .
her woolen dress and the heavy bear pelt immediately started to drag her down .
seems this guy was beaten absolutely senseless by a gang of thugs and managed to drag himself to the hospital .
got to do something to drag him out of hiding .
i had to drag her the last dozen yards .
we must withdraw , she told hagan , using all of her strength to drag lucas away from the quickly dissolving blockade .
he was beginning to worry that the cowboy could have gotten himself trapped , and he doubted if a boy his size could drag a man bax 's size to safety .
if i failed to show up , hed doubtless come drag me out of bed himself .
she took a drag and exhaled the smoke in his direction , clearly unimpressed .
real philosophical stuff ; it almost came down to knock down , drag out . ''
then she took a satisfying drag and gave him a gratifying smile .
jake tapped his fingers in rhythm on the table ; johnny sat there stiffly , with an occasional drag on the cigarette to show he was alive .
dyston tried to drag himself backwards , but he couldnt go anywhere .
neb stabbed downwards harder and continued to drag the dagger through a white expanse of throat .
lifting herself from the chair and picking up her frilly skirts so they would n't drag across the ground , the woman said , fine .
again he attempted to drag his body along the ground toward the shade of nearby trees .
she asked as boldly as she could , determined not to show how scared she really was then i will drug you and drag you by the hair .
i will try to drag my heels a little .
the world will try to drag you down and rip the goodness from your heart , avaris continued in a soft voice , hoping the boy still heard what he was saying .
as for me , i had very little to worry about because the humans had taken care of the trivialities of drop depth , drag speed , charge of my drop cable , and evasion of irregular temperature spots on the stellar surface .
i answer simply , ashamed that i would practically drag her along .
did i also , continued mira , drag you from capellas cottage ?
she glared at the roots that tried to trip her and drag her to her knees as they made their way through the dark .
her smile fell as she felt a weight drag at her heart , and she feared the worst .
i can still hear the ringing in my ears a moment later as i drag myself into the hallway .
grasping at jacks track sweatshirt , she narrowly stumbled backwards over will , who also sought to drag their brother in out of harms way .
picking up the poles , he found them not as heavy the second go round , and wedging them into place , just as jack had done before , he held them patiently as his siblings began to drag the shelf nearer .
yeah , people that wanted to drag you off and do god knows what to you , sam interrupted .
look , he said at last , i dont want to drag you into anything .
we were high into the thermosphere now , where the air was so thin i didnt feel the drag at all and refracted sunlight didnt wash out the stars anymoremuch higher and they could wave at us from the space shuttle as we blew by faster than id ever flown .
henrietta stared at the spectre ; she could n't drag her eyes from it .
she stood , and without waiting for his help she climbed down from the back of the wagon , careful to hold her dress so the hem wouldnt drag in the mud .
she ran to him , skidding to a halt by his side and desperately trying to drag him to his feet .
the old ship is mounted on a great frame with many wheels and many ropes , and we drag the ship across the plain to the graveyard .
edan gritted his teeth as she yanked him free and began to drag him across the field .
i wasnt expecting a metal smith and his son to drag you in , iced over and bleeding , though .
vel proceeded to drag his fellow guard back , off of korsten , who lay virtually motionless as pain and exhaustion returned .
well , that could be a drag , i suppose .
i flew up , searching for them and saw them trying to drag jay out of the car .
the smell of breakfast cooking , however , provided additional encouragement for me to drag my butt outside to see jackie turning eggs in the frying pan .
her laugh quickly died as she strained to lift the boy up enough to drag him to the house .
if she went back to sleep , the shadow reaper could drag her into another nightmare .
madelyn is rigid at my side , but she doesnt resist as i drag her through the throng of people .
though her words are calm and friendly , i can tell theyre going to drag madelyn outside if she doesnt go willingly .
the screen goes dark after i drag madelyn back outside .
ruben points out some drag queens and cora causes somewardrobe malfunctions .
he also hoped the ball would not shoot down the mountainside like a bat out of the abyss , and drag him to his death behind it .
untwisting the vine from around his hand and wrist , he was sure to keep tension on it lest the ball begin rolling once more and drag him into the wall of trees below .
lindy attempted to drag away her mesmerized child .
he had arranged some of them to clear away the top table and drag the throne into a central position to make the main hall suitable .
the rakshasa bind him with rope and jute , and drag him through the streets and to ravanas palace .
she shrieked and grabbed his hand as he had shown her , allowing him to drag her to her feet , her weight supported by her own arms .
vianez saw the drag marks first .
he felt a stab of guilt at the memory of telling vianez that he wouldnt drag her down , but he wasnt going to stand by her actions either .
we have cooperated , our families have cooperated , and yet , after finally realizing we were telling the truth , you drag us out of our beds in the middle of the night , claiming you think were guilty again ?
she knew vianez didnt want to drag her into another adventure that could risk their friendship , but penora didnt feel that way anymore .
vin was taking care of two police officers at once and couldnt drag kosner out .
the other girls had to drag her into the suv before they fled away .
we are sorry to have to drag you away from your party , but this matter is most urgent .
i cant believe theyre going to drag you into this .
i sigh , your knocks surprised me enough to drag it with me .
i give him a pointed look but drag my attention towards the phone .
we grab two of the chairs present on the edge and drag towards the elders .
oh , what a drag , meredith said sympathetically .
i didnt mean to drag you into it .
riley grabbed her again and proceeded to drag her bodily towards the river camp , as shed seen adult gemengs treat misbehaving children .
it was a promotion store owners did often , in hopes of attracting longer , purchased readings , or to drag customers into their shops .
just drag her by her hair back into the clearing , and pin her down to the ground , and cover her mouth if she screams , and- you could get in big trouble if you did that , amanda told him .
it was a major struggle to transport skylars unconscious body to the suv and drag him into the back seat .
he pulled onto the freeway and allowed the silence to drag on .
now that the paperworks done , i can drag my bags to the landcraft and move myself back into my ship quarters .
i shut the terminal down and drag my things out the door and into the landcraft .
yern took a drag off his pipe and tried to shove the thought of the snails out of his mind ; but , the spirits forgive him , how he craved them !
and now if you would kindly follow me , zaepix said , and turning around he began to drag his bare feet toward the centre of the island , where the device stood .
the red head started to walk faster again , leaving the confused boy to drag behind .
my thoughts develop a will of their own , and drag me down into this fantasy land of make believe where i literally have the power to change the course of history .
he took a long drag , exhaled the smoke through his nose , and looked at her through narrowed eyes .
she didnt want to drag her father into it , too .
there was no way in hell that whoever was just arguing out there was going to drag me into their crap !
dont get sucked into their lives , or theyll drag you down into their personal hells .
tears stung her eyes , blurring her vision as she stared up into the face of the man who had spoken to charles , the mastermind behind the psychotic plan to drag the mutant affairs council into open war .
there was a drag of a heavy metal chain .
as he started to walk , he heard adol drag his feet and slide gently along the wall behind him .
chapter 9 : true colours i let him drag me toward the bar .
come home and meet a nice boy who will take care of you instead of hanging onto one who wants to drag you all over the country .
look , eli said to erin once his son left the forge , i clearly cant stop you from playing around with this inn business , but dont drag arthur into it .
why did they drag me out with them last night , i didnt want -- she stopped , but kota did not say anything .
more than once kota had to wait after the vampire tripped so he could drag himself back onto his feet again .
ill give you one warning : i dont care two bits about his little secret , and will still drag you to the capital right now if you give me one , just one , reason to do it .
didnt cuddle up into him or drag him by his collar into the backseat .
he motioned for the titan to drag her away .
while the watchel hauled her , issuing out a menacing growl , she clasped on to the leg of her bed , and commenced on to drag herself away from the affrighting demon that was locking its cloudy white eyes on her .
also , he wanted the trial to drag out .
they werent in deep enough and it was time to drag them in hard and fast .
on days when people needed nothing from him he would cut sapodilla or andiroba or coroboro and drag the pole back to our lineage-compound and carve new sets of dishes from it .
bring a slave , he calls to the spirits of death and disease , and they go away to the slave pens and drag in a young woman , doe eyes is her name .
strong mothers planted themselves as their children clung to them and the water tried to drag them down .
what girl were they going to drag into cab coh now , to be broken like my mother ?
i knew she would try to finagle her way to that party and i had a feeling that she would try and drag me into it .
youre going to come with me now , if i have to drag you kicking a screaming he said .
the time continued to drag .
the armor afforded by the guild threatened to drag him beneath the water , and he knew that murien would be suffering the same .
the last thing she wanted was for him to drag her inside .
the shadows falling over me startle me and drag me back to reality .
when i drag myself out of bed and into the shower , i try to make sense of it all .
did she think i was going to drag her out of here , now that we know a way out ?
i had a feeling that if i kept asking , the voice would simply drag it out , so i changed the subject , `` so ... um ... where exactly am i ?
joyah whipped around in time to see mal drag jeff up and away from the stream .
he stood up and took her hand to drag her to her feet .
the water was starting to drag at their feet , pulling them backward .
first , were going to need some drag ... * * * * * mutually assured destruction they had won !
you may as well just come or ill drag you ... she smiled maliciously .
the demon feared eradication more than facing satan for failing to drag a soul to the fiery depths of hell .
i will drag you from her , demon !
at first nothing happens , i just think they are really determined to drag this out as long as possible .
at that moment , i wanted to slap sol and drag her outside , but i was afraid that wind would lose his temper if sols not around .
the cart stopped and the cage was unlocked by the indians , who proceeded to drag them out and mercifully cut their bonds before pushing them towards a particular tepee copiously decorated with feathers .
something was up and it must be important to drag him all the way back to the capital when every man was needed at the front .
do we have to drag everything out of you , one piece at a time ?
hes keenly aware of this and starts weeping at his diminished state as they drag him back alongside seymour .
after a while , as though synchronized , they get up and drag themselves over to the window .
they drag themselves out of the wc by the conventional route .
they run to the raft , drag it into the river and four of them scramble aboard .
seymour , joyous , all the things behind him fading in his mind like a nightmare on awakening , has to drag him forward .
from time to time a wave would reach higher than its brethren and he would lower his hand and drag it through the crest .
they cautiously approached the shrouded group , closely inspecting gudriks drag marks in the dirt .
after a few whistles and cries she found coral 's horse and used the two horses to drag the rest .
i said , wedging myself between the front seat and the dashboard so that he couldnt drag me out of the car .
i will drag him down to the river , as i did with you .
with a single touch , tartarus would know his sins , then drag him into its depths and hold him there for eternity .
peyton screamed darius name when she saw the clutches of tartarus drag both him and azrael beneath its surface .
as julio began to drag his feet reluctantly following behind them , he hung his head low and angrily mumbled , son of a grumpy muffin !
ill bring her back even if i have to drag her back !
it took all the strength juruz possessed to drag the king away from battle that day .
morzu had watched the whole thing and he had to drag his eyes like heavy boulders to look back upon the man .
she was unaware of how much time passedit could have been seconds , it could have been centuries , when she felt someone or something grab a hold of her arms and drag her out of the room to the forest outside .
they are carrying proper weapons , and with one glance at their armor , i can see it 's the stuff they usually drag out for heavy skirmishes .
you 're here to answer them , or so help me god i 'll drag you outside myself and throw a rope over the gallows .
you will not have to drag the cart around !
claire ran alongside and popped her cigarette into her mouth , taking a drag , letting out a cloud of burned tobacco .
when fastillion silently expressed agreement , harald thumbed over toward antler-man , i want you to drag that son of a bitch over here and let me have at him .
why did you have to drag us into it ?
since shell never stop obsessing over it , we caved in and let her drag us out here after school , to the bayview mobile home garden , to talk to a psychic .
when my hands are numb and my feet are sore and my voice cant take another shout , i drag myself back to the wall where i curl up for warmth and stare at the door .
then i drag the tip down , until im at what i think is her carotid artery .
the artico guards lift him up and drag him to the back of the class , knocking desks and chairs aside ; ignoring his guttural screams and preventing his futile attempts to break free .
dont drag your feet .
he said it was not your time , and ordered me to drag you to the depot .
oisins bow did not relent as phanthus began to drag them through the water towards the shore .
cassie raised an eyebrow at him ; now that hed revealed he wasnt going to drag her off to hell forever , she found it difficult to be properly scared of him , even though she really should be .
gatsby grabbed thomas ' hand and started to drag him away from the camp .
moments seemed to drag .
the one i will relate to you , once you finally drag your carcass to the writing desk , slug-a-bed !
he folded his arms over his chest and planted his feet firmly on the ground as though he expected them to drag him into the water at any minute .
nathaniel took a drag .
once hed reached the point where he couldnt drag it out any longer , he found molly and asked if she wanted to play dolls or something .
she had watched , dumbfounded , as her father had helped the officers drag the dazed tom off .
with a second blast , she took off the arms of an already sorely wounded beast , removing the final drag to the jeeps movement .
the pair hastened off , neither willing to remain alone with a demon , to find the master of the castle , hoping he would deign to come to their prisoner rather than having to drag the fool into the depths of the keep .
the only thing i managed to conjure was the strong desire to drag jace to the basement and beat him senseless .
he had seen many spiders lose their fingers that way and be degraded to mere beggars , forced to drag their pathetic stumps around to move people and ask them money .
its going to get worse at every breath , at every heartbeat , and every step you take will drag you more and more toward the abyss to which you belong .
he encircled kugar by the shoulders and breathed in her hair , bittersweet smell in the middle of hell , then continued to drag her on toward the portal .
i ran with her , letting her continue to just about drag me towards a house ablaze with lights .
i could drag her body off to one side , hide it somewhere .
but if you stay and fight , it could widen and drag him in . ''
it wasnt fair to drag me into it .
what makes you think that i will just drag over their leader to you if i so happen to find him ?
it was a drag .
though if they so desired , they could drag themselves up out of the sludge .
they would drag it out as long as they could , the animals .
frak could not stop to figure out where all this has come from , for they roughly drag him and also petra , the one who had been wrapped in the great white fur and tattooed with the moon ... haul them both and stand shoulder to shoulder before brok , sitting upon his ledge .
he yanked a half-burned branch from the fire and lit one with the ember , spitting away the loose leaves after the first drag .
you make it sound like they wan na drag you into a cave and hide you from the population , he responded , humorously .
wiggly , help liz drag her in here with the boy .
please drag me close to the wall behind me .
no , i didnt want to drag this fight any longer and risk the chance of getting paul caught in the cross fire .
you think that women who just roll over and let a man whack her in the head and drag her by the hair is dignified . ''
i need to know that he can not drag me away .
this time he wasnt trying to drag or force lina .
the canvas was especially heavy , and it took both of them , pulling with all their might , to drag it .
the thought of a no-holds-barred drag down fight sounded more and more attractive by the minute !
may the faceless ones drag you into the realms of the dead . '
opera was held to lack reality : the characters were obviously impersonated by singers ( or silent actors or dancers or even puppets ) , the use of music and dance destroyed all realism and caused time to drag , they wore ridiculous costumes , the props were clearly artificial constructions , and the stories were usually fantastic .
we had to drag him out of his office .
you still claw the couch and drag in the occasional angel through the cat flap .
anna , though she was tall , couldnt pull herself out , and had to drag a table over to reach the window .
you want to drag skeletons out of the closet , arana ?
he has been faithfully serving azul forces for years , and yet , in an attempt to get out of accepting responsibility for your total failure as the commanding officer on the most important mission this planet 's military has ever undertaken , you drag his , and my name in the mud ?
pulling vladros ' gloved hand off his lightly bleeding face , and then continuing to drag the confused vampire toward the massive gate that led to the courtyard , max brought the rotting leader up to speed on the differences between himself and typical lycans .
lashonda barely felt like she had the energy to drag herself out of bed in the morning to lie on the couch these days , but vienne convinced her that she should take this last opportunity before her belly began to swell and bulge to get out on the dance floor and whirl around with her man .
but they ignore it , grab the man by his arms , and drag him down to the basement .
several of them suspected that ariel was involved , and they were more than willing to drag her into this .
it could be an exit , but either way hed never be able to carry or drag bryan that far .
the bear was trying to drag the little deer away , but the wolverine would have none of it .
what a total drag , he said , but he was smiling .
would you believe agent ryan wanted to drag me down to id the bodies ?
often times i would drag brenden along and so far that has never changed .
they 'd had to handcuff him before they could drag him off me .
if queen andais truly desired your execution she 'd drag you home so that the court could see what happens to sidhe who flee the court against royal orders .
`` i do na think that the queen would drag you back just to watch your enemies kill you . ''
there is a tendency to drag the foot that the holster 's on , to widen your step in an odd little movement .
`` do not drag me into this , dormath , '' blodewedd said .
the legionare immediately seized his wounded companion , and began to drag the other man away from the wounded , unsteady vord .
`` you will control yourself , steadholder , or for you own good i will knock you senseless and drag you back to nedus 's manor . ''
he took a long drag on his camel .
he took a long drag of smoke , tried to get it over with fast .
'and , pray , what cabin boy union did the good captain drag you out of ? '
her lungs were ready to burst , heart ready to explode , mind ready to turn to stone and drag her head to the ground .
we had to drag this poor thing here to relive this ?
he could feel the stretch of lips , the baring of teeth , the long , slow drag of a long pink tongue across them .
'when i drag your body to the pits , overscum , i 'm going to make sure you 're still warm . '
he watched the shen drag his body across the stones .
the boy took another long drag on his cigarette .
why drag bodies here just to keep demons from overrunning a ring of stones ? ''
goll and lorcan force the final demon over the cliff , pushing it off , only just avoiding a lashing tendril which threatens to drag them over with it .
they swirl and tumble through the air , smash into us , knock us over , send us sprawling , threaten to drag us back to their world with them .
that could be why they were trying to drag me off . ''
`` sir , '' laurence said bluntly , `` i understand well enough you may drag things out to suit you ; but when you have delayed too long and rendered all discussion moot , what hold you presently have on our patience will be gone , and you may find such treatment will merit an answer you will not enjoy receiving . ''
lien burst through the cloud and tried to come after them , even through the rain of hot iron , but the little french couriers shrilled , protesting ; some threw themselves on her back , clinging , to try and drag her out of range .
i shal drag his sorry carcass out at high noon-you see if i do n't ! ''
the heat in her eyes could have scorched me if i 'd been a little closer , and for a second i thought she was about to drag thomas to the carpet right there in front of me .
the creature was trying to drag him into the mirror , there among the dried blood and dead bones .
it had to crouch to keep from brushing the ceiling with the horns curling away from its head , and batlike wings spread from its shoulders to fall around it and behind it , to drag along the floor , and i thought i saw some kind of hideous double image lurking behind it like the corpse-specter of death himself .
`` what 's so important that you felt the need to break school rules and drag me halfway across town ? ''
i set aside the laptop feeling the residual heat on my thighs and take a sip of scotch and a drag on my cigarette .
the second , its proximity to holloman air force base , had led to a string of water bed motels on its main drag , as well as the town 's ubiquitous wild card theme .
i take a long drag on the cigarette and release the smoke in a sharp exhalation .
i look like an sandm drag queen sashaying down the street .
he hopes to drag as many lives as possible into the underworld with him- preferably including my own . ''
that dress is going to drag quite a bit in the water . ''
i could n't drag my eyes away from the car .
i wanted to break free from ridley 's hold , to grab her and drag her out of the house myself , but i could n't move .
`` but i ca n't believe you would drag my boy into this , lena duchannes . ''
amma backed away , raising the bottom of her dress so it did n't drag across the powder .
it was hard to drag myself away , but she had figured out the truth .
you know ... '' i let ridley drag me down the other side of the hill while link tried to talk his way out of trouble with uncle macon .
i 'm point ; murph , you 've got my six ; susan , you ride drag . ''
if you want to kill me , just do it ; do n't drag the kid into it .
chaz had manipulated it to drag the surveillance plane off course , but he 'd put everything back , nice and neat .
i squirmed out the broken window and ignored the hot drag of glass splinters against my skin , slithered out , and fell onto hot sand .
she was looking at him as if she were planning to drag him off into a corner to have sex .
`` i should 've known better than to drag you into this .
claws sank into his flesh ; misshapen arms and legs tried to drag him down .
i 'd love if i did n't have to drag my clothes downstairs to the communal laundry room .
the demon used his unnatural strength to drag my consort down into a reluctant obeisance .
and if the luren won , they would n't wait to drag me back to sheol for a final accounting .
i 'd heard that sex drive spiked during pregnancy , but i could totally drag him into the backseat right now .
the paramedics had had to drag her off his body .
he was about to go back to the hotel and drag them out of bed -- naked if he had to -- when the solution came to him .
`` but you 're going to need some recovery time before you can so much as sit up , much less drag ass out of here .
in the end , she had to all but drag herself out of the bathroom .
the sailors were yelling in mad triumph as they began to drag a struggling demane towards the bonfire with them .
he pulled himself up onto the bridge ahead of the party , forthing and ferris scarcely a step behind , and they together managed to calm the lead horse , if calm were the word for it ; they had nearly to bind it into immobility and bodily drag it , and as they hauled the snorting and terrified creature its saddle-girth burst .
it took several deep breaths to drag air into my lungs .
he has no heir and plays games with all the realm at stake rather than accept his fall from power-and would drag each of you down to the grave with him .
tavi felt himself screaming , felt the pounding of the horse 's hooves striking the earth , and felt the banner drag at the air as he swung the standard down upon sari with all of his strength and in total silence .
alerans lay unmoving among them , their fellows unable to drag them free in the furious press of melee .
10 when you want time to drag by slowly , it will be sure to disappoint you .
it 's why adria often saw me in harry 's presence , sitting next to him in geometry class , at the cove when you all decided to drag harry along to a place packed with werewolves , which could 've gotten him killed . ''
i swallow air and look up to meet trajan 's gaze , who looks back at me with such solid calm and deafening silence that i want to drag my nails across the tabletop just to invoke some natural noise .
`` do n't drag me into this . ''
i race through the den and into the back room where i saw beverlee finally manage to drag carl .
`` i was just getting back from my evening drag , '' i said .
i looked back to see butters drag from the corpse 's mouth a yellow-white condom with its end closed and a heavy piece of kite cord knotted around it .
ellis took a drag on her cigarette and looked at him .
he had n't told me yet what he wanted , but whatever it was , it was important enough to covertly drag one of the vatican 's staff all the way to chicago .
susan helped drag me to my feet and we ran the rest of the way to my apartment door .
i drag my ass up the stairs .
i drag my ass off the sofa and her glitter-framed eyes widen at the blood all over my shirt .
i straighten my legs and drag my bloody hand through my hair as i stagger back .
then she grabs my arm again and starts to drag me towards the front door .
i stroll to the chair where i usually sit and drag it around to the side of the desk , so i 'm closer to dervish .
the bastard would drag him back down into the underworld and there was no way he was doing that .
you came over to drag her back to her hag cave , and it happened .
his demons will drag you back to him .
half of hell is looking for you to drag back to the old demon .
`` why could n't you drag us through the stone ? ''
the hours drag , especially at home or when i have free time at school .
this time i stay there , feeling the water drag me down .
i 'd have tried to drag the demon back . ''
the cops will be all over us if you drag it around . ''
he 'd demolished the omelet , and now he set his fork on the plate with a clink and took a drag of coffee from the heavy white cup .
the slow drag of his skin on hers made her pull in an involuntary breath , and she saw the answering response in the pupils of those blue eyes .
she indicated the scuffs on the carpet , clear drag marks from the doorway to the bed .
the minutes seemed to drag on , and on , and on .
sparky and terri dug their nails into me , puncturing my skin with a fiery stab , hot blood running down my arms , and they began to drag me away from the stage .
i pulled her up and started to drag her towards the door .
i relented and let jacob drag me away .
then drifting leaves and frosty nights drag on towards backspindlewinter and a new hogs ' watch night nestling like a frozen jewel at its heart .
what you do , ' he said to victor , 'is untie her , then drag her off and fight the balgrog , and you , ' he pointed to the girl , 'you , you , you just follow him and look as , as rescued as you possibly can , ok ? '
'now , you ride up to the tent , leap off the camel , fight the huge eunuchs , burst into the tent , drag the girl out , get back on the camel and away .
she managed to slip it into neutral before it could drag her along the ground .
it could drag omnia kicking and screaming into the century of the fruitbat ! ''
there was no point in trying to drag it .
beano watched his murderer drag his ... the ... body away .
they had exactly the amount of intellect required to hit people and drag them off to the scorpion pit .
'the guards will drag you off to the forbidden city where there 's this special thing they do with- ' 'i 've heard about it , ' said rincewind .
he 'd say something or do something , would n't he , and then they 'd say , yes , you are the great bloke or something , and they 'd drag him off and it 'd be the start of another adventure , i.e. , a period of horror and unpleasantness .
well ... they would n't drag her back , no matter what they tried ... * * * the remainder of the opera passed without anyone dying , except where the score required them to do so at some length .
the raven took the rat 's cowl in its beak and tried to drag him away , but a tiny skeletal fist shook its scythe .
he took out a crushed and damp packet of cigars , pulled a coal out of the fire , and took a deep drag .
there 's a small trampoline we could drag him on but sarge thinks that 'd be a bit ridiculous . '
you 'll fight me all the way , but you want me to drag your name out of you .
he 'd watched the rescuers drag the bodies out of the house .
freed of the drag of the barge , they pulled away in the quickening current .
break out the other mr clicky , and i want half a dozen of you with a rope to dig out that trap and drag it out of the way ! '
lies drag us down . '
in fact it was a pretty ancient pre-coppering term , back in the days when a court employed a big man with a stick to drag miscreants in front of it .
but neither were you supposed to drag someone off the street and smash their fingers with a hammer until they told you what it was .
'waddy , wiglet ... drag him back to the house and lock him up , will you ? '
'now , i must n't monopolize you , but i really must drag both of you away to talk to some of my friends she took lord venturi by the unresisting arm and piloted him across the floor .
`` okay , we 'll drag him along , '' said rob anybody .
there are varieties even in the most traditional hat ( upright cone , black ) , such as 'the countrywoman ' ( inside pockets , waterproof ) , 'the cloudbuster ' ( low drag coefficient for broomstick use ) , and , quite importantly , 'the safety ' ( guaranteed to survive 80 % of falling farmhouses ) .
we can not have a drag on the public purse , can we ?
miss dearheart caught a burning letter , lit a cigarette with it , and took a drag .
'when a ball is just about to encounter an obstacle that is not another ball , you see , hex moves it into a theoretical parallel dimension where there is unoccupied flat surface and maintains speed and drag until it can be brought back to this one .
members of the court who had seen that smile before would have hastened to drag gutwell out of the way and into a place of safety , like the next continent , but he just sat there trying to pick bits of mushroom out of his robe .
they 'll find us , see , and be so impressed they 'll drag us all the way back to their city , and then when it 's dark we 'll leap out and put them to the sword .
nobby took a quick drag on his dog-end .
to his shame , vimes realised that his legs were going to have nothing to do with any mad dash to drag her back .
on the other hand , the only alternative was to go in there and drag her out , and it was n't one anyone could summon any enthusiasm for .
it was like trying to drag a mountain .
she seemed convinced that without the princess and royal guards to make the human police behave , they would drag her off to the police station and all that metal and technology , and they would kill her by accident .
i had to drag one little female out from my blouse where she 'd nestled between my breasts .
`` you 'll find that old bastard and you 'll drag his lizard ass back here . ''
to drag her to the bed and take her , hard and fast .
once you claim me , she 'll expect you to either drag me back to her court in chains or to kill me . ''
add in that he practically had to drag her along behind him , and the two of them stood out quite loudly to the general populace .
perhaps the floor would open up and drag her to the pits of hell rather than waiting until she officially died .
big , abusive hands grabbed gwenvael by the hair and proceeded to drag him away from the stables .
the lightning tried to drag the broken shaft from him ; gwenvael knew well enough that would be the end of him and dagmar .
he asked dagmar , letting his niece grip his hand and put all her weight into trying to drag him forward .
he 'd never drag keita off against her will .
perhaps i want you to drag the information from me . ''
`` ca n't i just drag you by your leg ? ''
izzy let her mother drag her to a room a few doors away .
that 's when she al owed her tail to drag , just a little bit , behind her .
if there was even a chance the royal had n't made it into the provinces yet , rhona might be able to get the wayward queen and drag her back to her troops .
the air around ragnar changed and he used his wings to quickly drag his body back , away from the entrance .
izzy tried to drag her fingers through the tangled , dirty mess of macsen 's fur .
izzy watched fal drag his sister off ; then she noticed that everyone was staring at eibhear and the others .
she 'd risk a cut throat before she 'd let someone drag her anywhere .
she leaned forward to drag her tongue along the edge of his jaw as she nibbled her way to his lips .
shock would drag it out of her eventually .
fury rose in a wave , joining with betrayal to create a tsunami that threatened to drag him under .
`` i am , however , bigger than you and i will drag you back to this bed if i have to . ''
`` i did n't kill him because i intend to drag his sorry ass back to the mainland .
`` i could drag up the anchors in a trice , i am sure , much quicker , '' temeraire added .
he was bigger built than either of the men trying to drag him , something they seemed to have overlooked .
i 'll drag you to hell myself . ''
she might not be able to drag their souls to hell until they were dead , but all it took was one little decision and their lifelines were ready to reap .
`` today is damn inconvenient for you to drag me here .
and that would drag him deeper under her spell and hurt so much more when she left .
it did n't take any mustering of effort on his part to drag her against his body and hold her tight , arm curled around her small waist .
heron took a drag on his marlboro .
taking a hard drag on his cigarette , he exhaled away from her .
jim assumed a bored expression as he took a drag and exhaled .
`` as if i would drag them into this .
then i was going to take his lifeless body , drag it to the everneath with me , and use it as my `` escort . ''
that i 'd allow him to drag me to the everneath ?
he began to drag me toward the stairs .
i mean , you 're just a young girl with a promising life ahead of her and i drag you off to some haunted lighthouse .
he took a long drag of his cigarette , the ashes flying off into the wind and flowing down the length of the ferry deck .
`` sorry , '' he mumbled , taking another drag .
then he went back to taking a drag .
regardless of declan 's input , it helped to share with him as he was the only one who would and could listen to me without threatening to drag me away to the loony bin .
i kept wanting to drag maximus and perry into bar after bar in secret hopes of climbing on stage and taking over-it seemed like every single bar in the french quarter had live music of the highest quality .
she lit the match on the table and took a long hard drag .
you 're lucky that did n't try and drag you to the kalunga with it . ''
`` drag that over here . ''
`` well , i 'll go get this fixed and you two can go drag romeo back here . ''
maybe ... '' i drag my fingers through his hair , breathing in his musky scent .
i shrug and drag the blade of my sword down the sharpener .
eventually , though , i ca n't take it anymore and i walk forward ; my black shoes and the tail of my long , black dress drag across the ground as i move .
i let out a breath as evan sits down on the sofa beside laylen and i drag my fingers through my hair .
death consumes me , owns me , starts to drag me away , and right when i 'm on the verge of taking my last breath , i whisper through my tears , `` i 'm sorry . ''
she kept batting her eyelashes at alex , then started babbling to him about her job being a total drag , all while throwing in the occasional giggle and hair flip .
i asked scooting out of the way so laylen could drag nicholas behind the pillar .
he shook his head , trying to drag me forward .
he asked , taking another drag from his cigarette .
never used to see him much except when the milit'ry police used to come for to drag him outa the attic . '
'how about if we kill him and drag his body away ? '
damn bible-thumpers got to drag the lord in most everywhere . ''
relief crashed over her , deadening her limbs , and ari had to drag herself across the desert dirt to jai who was crawling his way towards her .
he and jack had barely broken for food and even then jack had had to drag him out of the basement .
`` i would n't want to drag you into this and out of your comfortable position of doing nothing . ''
his grip began to loosen and ari felt a rush of air drag down into her windpipe just as an explosion of flames could be heard from beyond them .
the swirling darkness that had threatened to drag me down blew away , leaving me cold and utterly clear .
the ones who could walk had to drag out the ones who could n't .
i was ready to explode , but wanted to drag this out for as long as possible .
i hesitated , then added , `` jack 's going to try to drag me into this investigation .
abby had to drag her out , appeasing her with the promise we 'd have a chance to shop before we boarded the bus again to leave .
he turned at once and shuffled off , quickly despite the drag of his foot .
and then the slives would drag him still alive into their lair .
he 'd never said he was going to drag imara into this , and while i was prepared to overlook personal insults to myself , my kid was n't part of the deal .
it was like someone attaching a string to a dollar bill and then setting it out on the sidewalk , so he could drag it away and get a passerby to follow the path of the money .
i did n't want to follow the main drag ; even in sarne , there 'd be traffic , and i hated inhaling truck exhaust fumes .
soobie began to drag her bucket sullenly toward the shack appended to the barn .
`` how do you manage to drag me into such situations , wife ? ''
he was woolsey 's alpha for a reason , with enough charisma to hold his pack and drag them with him , no matter how strong the need to break away and trail blood and raw meat across the countryside .
he gave me a long , unhappy look , but he must have known he could n't just drag me around like a suitcase .
i reached out and touched him , but i could n't pull him through , could n't drag him to safety ... kevin rolled over , still clutching jonathan 's bottle , and yelled , `` you !
he was forced to drag the sheep down to the shore himself , however , with the animal bleating wildly and trying to get away long before temeraire even came into view .
i would drag myself into a tree and take cover now if i could , but the smoke is still thick enough to kill me .
blisters burst on my right hand as i awkwardly drag the knife back and forth .
i drag myself over to the honeysuckle bush and pluck a flower .
`` then i 'll drag myself , '' says peeta .
it 's still odd to drag open the front door with an empty game bag , with nothing to trade , and instead feel the heavy pocket of coins against my hip .
`` just if , for instance , i ca n't convince my mother to drag three young kids into the wilderness in winter . ''
i drag myself in the door , all ready to collapse in front of the fire .
i drag one of the target dummies out into the middle of the room and , using some chinning bars , hang it so it dangles by the neck .
agonizing minutes drag past as my hopes diminish .
i ca n't drag finnick into the water , and possibly the pain would kill him , anyway .
she gives me a look filled with loathing , like i 'm the biggest drag possible on her life .
then we are both screaming terrible , terrible things at each other , and finnick is trying to drag me out , and i know it 's all haymitch can do not to rip me apart , but i 'm the mockingjay .
i drag myself out of nightmares each morning and find there 's no relief in waking . ''
i lunge back to boggs , and homes and i drag him inside the apartment , through someone 's pink and white velvet living room , down a hallway hung with family photos , onto the marble floor of a kitchen , where we collapse .
i drag myself into a state of relative alertness , eat a can of potato and bean stew , and sit against the wall facing the door .
whatever was in the hill , he 'd drag it out into the light and crack its shell .
i 'd lost count of the times we 'd debated cars , discussed the finer points of auto repair , trash-talked about who 'd win the fantasy drag race .
instantly , gravity tripled and pinned me down ; made it an effort to drag in a breath , much less fight .
death began to drag him down .
the burly one had finished his conversation with mcgovern , and both of them were advancing across the lawn , `` drag up a rock , you guys ! ''
ed had first told him to drag up a rock and then confided in him that derry had been invaded by sinister , baby-killing creatures .
was it not likely that those same forces were now taking care of charlie pickering , much as ralph himself had taken care of leydecker when he 'd left the protection of the police-car to drag his dying colleague back to cover ?
`` drag up a rock , so to speak . ''
`` of course , '' rowan went on , scratching the side of his face , `` you could always beg forgiveness , drag the half-breed to the queen , and still be in mab 's favor .
she took a drag on her cigarette and blew a smoky fish over the table .
and- '' she took a long drag on her cigarette and sent a hawk soaring over our heads `` -i can help you find it . ''
and do n't drag those who are going somewhere down with you . ''
no matter how much it tried to drag me in .
did n't mean to drag you into this .
by your wounds , i would guess something was chasing you , but why drag the girl into this , as well ? ''
`` because my life is too screwed up to drag you into it . ''
`` beyond that , i am afraid i can not be expected to drag you back if you do not wish to go .
he howled , tugging on his collar , as if he could drag him away .
`` i did n't drag her anywhere .
i will not watch them drag you into that world .
i tried wrenching my arm back , tried to drag her out , away from the shadows closing in on all sides .
i could see them in the center of the river , the whole school , all trying to drag him to the bottom to drown .
i do n't want to drag you and kenzie into this .
`` did the whole faery sleep thing to put us out , said he did n't want to drag us in anymore . ''
the short one , cheech , tried to drag lex out from unde the shattered barrel .
only my knees were weak , and my feet would n't move , and i could n't seem to drag enough air into my lungs .
`` do n't worry , i wo n't drag you into this one . ''
as much as my wolf spirit might want to tear this man from limb to limb , the biggest foe i 'd tackled with the intention of bring down was the occasional rabbit or fox in the `` back to nature '' sessions rhoan and liander liked to drag me along to .
he was liable to drag in bits of what he called poetry ; and sometimes , after a glass or two , would allude to the absurd adventures of his mysterious journey .
it was that more than the drag of the ring that made him cower and stoop as he walked .
as he rushed up he saw that frodo was already bound in cords , wound about him from ankle to shoulder , and the monster with her great forelegs was beginning half to lift , half to drag his body away .
and if ever i get any further , it 's going to be nothing but a drag and a burden every step .
there might be a slight burning in your arms when i drag the crystal up them .
i drag him over to sarah .
i use telekinesis to drag him through the pebbles and trash on the side of the road .
i can hear her grunt and struggle to drag the chest to the nook 's opening , and i have no idea if it 's because the chest is heavy or because the tunnel is so narrow .
and , you know , this sickness thing of yours is a real drag .
you had no right to drag me into your stupidity .
i remain invisible long enough to drag the unconscious soldier from the hall inside the room .
eight starts towards the vendor , but i grab him by the arm and drag him back .
i drag and drop the picture into one of the programs sandor installed and it immediately gets to work resizing my pic for a new driver 's license .
as five wipes the spit off his cheek , a group of mogadorian guards grab six and drag her up the steps .
my heels drag , my arms are heavy .
but i have grown so hardened to their execution attempts that i am fearless as they drag me through the halls to yet another .
at first it feels like maddy 's just going to let me drag her but then she follows , defying gravity a few steps behind me .
after a restless night , searching for one and eventually making my way back to the cabin alone , i drag myself out of bed .
just as paradise 's main drag comes into view down the road , malcolm starts leading us away , deeper into the woods .
`` tell me now or i 'll make this floor rise up , chew us up , and drag us straight to hell . ''
i ask the wolf as i lift rex up by his armpits and begin to drag him toward the guard station .
i nod and let him wheel me around and half drag me up the stairs to the fifth floor .
the bog will drag you down too . ''
when he did finally stagger to his feet and drag himself up the harbor steps , he knew he had to get warm and find food before he could carry on his journey .
move both hands on to the new hold , swing gently , get his left hand around the pipe , and he could drag himself across the gap .
'why drag god into it ? '
the guard dropped the body , then grabbed it by a leg and began to drag it away .
their extended pewter drag had taken a lot out of the girl , and she had collapsed virtually the moment kelsier had called a halt for the night .
`` pewter drag will do that to you , '' ham noted .
it 's just the pewter drag , she thought forcibly .
a pewter drag drained the body , and he suspected that she 'd been forcing herself to stay awake with the metal for months now .
unfortunately , flapping dresses-and the drag they created in the air-made steering a jump much more difficult .
fortunately , it did n't seem steris intended to drag him over to wait with those intent upon congratulating the newlyweds at the earliest possible moment .
i used the vines to drag myself to my feet .
and this was odd , because the mothers in munz had not seemed keen on the idea of their sons going off to war , and positively tried to drag them back .
`` all right , sarge , no need to drag it out , '' sighed polly .
his hands curled around her upper arms to drag her hard against him .
she would n't drag luke down the path she had so willingly chosen .
pain splintered the back of my head , spreading to become an unholy burn in my throat as i gulped at air , but i could n't drag any in .
`` you do n't have to drag me all the way back to the cabin . ''
i can drag thisss out for an eternity .
it was always on a day when i chose not to drag my coat with me all day and kept it in my locker .
`` i was wondering if i could drag you shopping with me today . ''
exhaustion washed through her , along with the drag of despair .
the sudden drag made the cart slew toward the door side , creating a windbreak by the door .
she challenged , hands in his hair to drag his head back so she could look in his eyes .
his chest expanded to drag in more air and goose bumps flowed over his skin in the wake of the water that sluiced down his torso to soak his pants .
with a groan , she stopped fighting the pull of consciousness and let her mind drag her up a few layers out of the darkness .
just drag her into a room ? ''
i mean , you are n't going to slug me and drag me off to a private suite in the asylum for wayward denarians ? ''
`` it will revolutionise farming methods , and drag them kicking and screaming into the century of the fruitbat .
the wind caught at it and tried to drag it out of his hands ; it might as well have tried to blow a mountain over .
`` you attract the attention of starr 's lieutenants , and drag all the information out of their minds that you can . ''
a thumb is easier to drag around than a guard . ''
the initial drag had made him feel dizzy , and by the time he 'd finished the first cigarette , smoking it all the way down to a roach , he 'd been sure he was going to puke , faint , or have a heart attack .
10 gert walked up the path which led from the picnic area to the main drag , and when she got there she made her way to the entrance booths .
`` this is more the way you 'd drag a goat to market . ''
the mobiles sensed it at once , rushed to it , and began to drag pieces back to their respective corners .
i never meant to drag you into this muck .
i cant drag either of us deeper into this magical muck .
why drag your brother if he is unwilling ? ''
she cut at barinthus as if she planned on hacking a hole through him ; as if she 'd crawl inside him and drag rhys back out the other side .
my voice was beginning to drag with that edge of sleep .
`` you drag me up to a party where people are smoking peyote and there 's a guy that may want to kill you .
in a slow , lethargic movement , i rotate around and drag my feet through the deep snow .
the man lets a pause drag out as birds caw in the distances and circle above our heads `` get in the lake . ''
i drag the fork across the eggs , deliberating .
he takes another drag of the cigar and greyish smoke fills up the room .
`` how did you drag me through the mud like that ? ''
the water faeries drag me over to the chair , separating alex and i from each other .
`` i was in the car , with my dad , '' allie said aloud , forcing the scrap of memory to her lips , hoping that would help to drag the rest of it all the way back . ''
it was amazing how a ship that was supposed to be lighter than air could feel heavier to drag than a stone obelisk .
do n't you want us to drag you out so you can beg for mercy ? ''
in the end , the best allie could do was to drag the girl across the floor , and prop her up against a wall .
she helped me drag the wounded man over to where the others were seated against the wall .
i knew i had a memory associated with those words , but try as i might , i could n't drag it out .
i thought i was home free as i reached the ruins of the little company town and its one main drag along the shoreline .
miss tarabotti , who had a brief but scandalous vision of lord maccon 's instincts urging him to do things such as throw her bodily over one shoulder and drag her off into the night , returned to reality with a start .
i could hear many voices below us and the strong drag of magic left me certain this was our destination .
i waited with baited breath for one of the guard to come crashing through the bus door and drag me away by the hair to meet my doom .
are we going to continue to drag him around with us ? ''
so long as he did n't drag me down in the process .
with so many other distractions , we eventually had to drag him to the kitchen table when the food was ready .
big boys all , they drag him back to his seat in the first row .
but i 'll go to damnation itself before i 'll let you drag the entire house down without speaking my mind on it ! ''
`` no need to drag her down into this . ''
hugh , glaring back , took a long drag on the cigarette before putting it out on the countertop next to her .
`` i 'm surprised you could drag yourself away from gabrielle tonight . ''
but i just feel like there 's a larger hand in all of this , guiding it , and that it 's safest for seth if you do n't drag him into immortal drama . ''
he looked about as exhausted as i felt , but if there was one force in this world that could drag him out of bed after a late night , it was my boss - no matter roman 's bold claims from last night .
carter took a long drag before answering .
the unseelie had their living roses and thorns that would drag any unwanted visitors to their bloody death .
`` once you are dead , they will drag me out .
`` she would have to drag me from the car to work magic , and she wo n't touch me . ''
but in that moment she 'd have let him drag her to hell before she 'd give up the masterful wickedness of his body .
the contract had been reinstated , but if they tried to change the terms , she 'd drag them both in front of nicolae by their scaly black tails .
she should still be upset , numb-and maybe she was-but she wanted to drag ash into her jeep and f**k him raw right here .
run straight into her arms and remained there until they were forced to come drag him home .
there was nothing he could do about her troubles , and he did n't need another weight to drag him down .
otherwise my family would use your family to drag you back . ''
`` how dare you drag me out of there like some-some child in need of correction ! ''
that 's what we want the college for : a drag net , a recruiting office . ''
she was n't going to drag home food she could n't even enjoy , but would be left to stare at in mournful depression .
the zipper quickly followed , then elvi knelt to drag his jeans down his legs , noting how strong and muscular they were and the fact that he 'd gone commando .
when he retrieved a pair of jeans and began to drag them on , she frowned and asked with confusion , `` what are you doing ? ''
`` i drink too much graf to put myself asleep , then drag myself through the day , biting people 's heads off .
he never contributed much-never did much but elect his books and drag his heels , greedy highfalutin whitebread sumbitch that he was- '' his daughter gave him a warning look .
chapter 10 the next morning , my body ached so badly that i could barely drag myself out of bed .
`` and when he gets too tired , let the horses drag him . ''
even her lower lip was shaking , she realized , as wave after mounting wave of pleasure slid through her , and then she used the hold she had on his hair to drag his head up so she could claim his lips again .
do n't fuss , '' paul said , but allowed her to drag him from the room .
the two large men stalked through the room , trailing tehran as he attempted to drag annen from the crowded banquet hall.i absently checked to make sure that my scarf was covering the bruise on my arm before cleopatra and i hurriedly rushed to follow them .
then did nienori drag herself by a might of will from that influence for a while , and `` behold , '' she cried , `` 0 serpent of melko , what wilt thou with us -- be swift to say or do , for know that we seek not thee nor thy gold but one turin who dwelt here upon a time . ''
now then meglin had idril by the hair and sought to drag her to the battlements out of cruelty of heart , that she might see the fall of earendel to the flames ; but he was cumbered by that child , and she fought , alone as she was , like a tigress for all her beauty and slenderness .
i half carry , half drag him down the gravelly road , his feet scraping along as i do so .
when i drag my eyes back up to his face , his are still on mine .
fats took an enormous drag and blew smoke rings .
he took another drag of the cigarette , not knowing when he had felt so bedazzled or so alive .
he pulled her hard against him , twisted her hair cruelly in his hand to drag her head back .
she shoved out of the truck , started around to the bed to drag out her suitcases .
when she could drag her gaze from the collection , she peeked around him to survey the rest of his home .
on the next day he sometimes walked and sometimes let eddie drag him .
now there was a bigger predator here , and at first detta thought she 'd do pretty much what the previous tenant had done : wait until eddie fell asleep , as he was almost certain to do , then kill him and drag his body up here .
he let himself go as limp as possible ( and keep those feet up , do n't forget that , asshole , because if you lower your feet enough you 're going to strangle ) and let her drag him along the rough ground .
he began to drag him backwards , but it was too late , his strength was too little , they were going to get eddie , hell , both of them - eddie screamed again as one of the lobstrosities asked him did-a-chick ?
yosef took another drag at his makeshift cigarette and then tossed it in the dirt .
then she backed away , pausing only to grab hold of vladchek 's collar and drag him with her onto the top shelf of the larder , comforted by his drowsy snuffling and the warm feel of his fur beneath her hands .
max , writhing in agony , allowed his father to drag him away , and within minutes they were gone , swallowed up by the shadowy woods .
big rob dropped his spear and ran , and bennis had to chase him down and drag him back in tears .
they could barely drag themselves to the doorway .
well , then ... you can say that i said it is a step in the right direction that will ... er ... be welcomed by all forward-thinking people and will drag the city kicking and screaming into the century of the fruitbat . '
he felt splinters and rust-blunted nails digging into his skin as the hand tightened its grip and continued to drag him forward .
`` you better not be , because i 'll knock yer cold and drag yer along by the hair o ' yer head if y'are !
the drag of wet clothes was making me nuts , and the cold had driven deep enough into me to make me uncaring about things like strangers watching me undress .
cherise 's cheer had faded almost instantly , and she grabbed his sleeve to drag him to a halt .
`` i did n't drag you back here in handcuffs . ''
paul , kevin , and the other wardens dashed in and did a combat-style drag on him , all the way to the corner , where the van pulled up .
`` i 'm going to help him drag tim off . ''
`` i should have made him drag you back by your hair to your own fucking world like a caveman .
`` whatever plan you 're concocting , whatever bit of intrigue you 're about to drag me into , just remember that you 're not head of the assassins ' guild yet ; you still answer to arobynn . ''
and then she 'd drag farran to a place where she could properly repay him and take however long she wanted .
`` perhaps if you 'd given me ample warning , i 'd have dressed earlier and you would n't have to drag me ! ''
he was desperate to get away-to drag himself by his fingertips , if necessary .
she had n't gone for their run this morning , and he had n't come to drag her outside .
when her stomach started growling , she decided it was a sign that she should drag herself out of bed .
and you will be fortunate if they do not come on their brooms and drag you into it . ''
the marines gratefully took it as a signal , beginning to drag the gun back out of the clearing with them , and barham , baffled and deserted , was forced to give way .
laurence was already dreading the conclusion , and not very surprised when riley added , `` but the fellow said 'she , ' instead ; i was on the point of correcting him when i looked - well , not to drag it out ; roland is a girl .
he was constantly moving his lodgings because he couldn '' t pay the rent and he had to drag that huge canvas with him .
a troll - because we '' re stupid and drag our clubs , as everyone knows - can move only one square in any direction .
he intended to find the dwarfs and capture and drag as many as possible back to ankhmorpork .
he may beat me and drag me by the hair as he pleases , but this he shall hear .
as if i could drag you anywhere .
others however were fresh and strong , requiring real effort on temeraire 's part to drag them loose : this was no abandoned complex .
`` we might rig some ropes as well , '' forthing said , `` and do what we can to pull him - `` rankin snorted , and there was indeed very little to be hoped for , from such an effort : thirty men to drag him out when temeraire himself could not even presently free one limb .
all together breathed in , and took hold , and exhaling pulled ; temeraire breathing out opened a small gap of softness in the quicksand , into which they might drag him a little further .
the serpent was unmanageable with its enormous mass drawn out of the water and so violently clawing - `` i can not keep hold of it , '' temeraire panted , struggling to drag it still further ; but then iskierka called , `` only a moment , keep clear ! ''
`` temeraire , '' laurence called , `` can you drag her onto the shoals , or push her ? ''
this mess was getting stickier by the minute , and i did n't want to drag murphy into it .
and if we do n't find this cockroach and drag him into the light , things are going to be bad for everyone .
i also know that i ca n't drag anyone else into the middle of this clust-this mess . ''
if i could grab my brother and drag him into the circle of the broken tower or into the sheltering walls of the cottage , it seemed as though we would be fine .
so now i 've got to drag you around with me because no one else can bear you .
i will drag you back to regalia before i would leave you here alone , '' said howard .
the best he could do was drag himself over to the side of the balcony and prop himself up against a large stone urn .
`` she can stay if she can drag her pathetic hide back here .
at least three times a week she 'd drag him off somewhere in the building - the hallway , the stairwell , the lobby - and blindfold him .
you drag us out to this ridiculous spot and for what ?
`` as it was , hamnet and i had to drag half of you out of there , or do n't you remember that part , your highness ? ''
but one day a prince would come , even if glenda had to drag him on a chain .
now some of you men drag him over to that corner and i 'll take a look at him .
i had to drag wanda out of bed and make her feet walk down the ladder , which was not easy , but i did it .
just do n't whine when we are unable to drag out of her what she had for breakfast yesterday , let alone the locations of the other forsaken .
they would drag their feet .
but his words carried , echoing across the broken rocks of drag -onmount .
no , he did n't want to drag faile off to a village .
behind them , androl could barely see thirteen shadows trailing over to grab emarin and drag him away to be turned next .
they had to drag moghedien through .
the passenger took another long drag on his cigarette and cursed again .
standing in the back , as still as a statue , the only man in the room not shouting drunkenly or trying to drag a girl into a private room .
i wiggled my damp toes and felt the drag of clinging hose .
i felt david break first with a bright , hot , shattering pop , and the black drag on my power fell away .
i reflexively went up into the aetheric , or tried to , and immediately felt the drag that meant i was n't strong enough to do this .
i cried for a little while , tears soaking into the gauze mask , and then grabbed hold and kicked the damn thing with my hiking boots until it splintered into pieces small enough to drag out of the way .
`` sorry , '' i whispered , and swiped bloody hands across my face to drag my wet hair back .
`` in the summer , when there 's time , drovers and cowboys drag loads of brush to the mouth of eyebolt , '' she said .
`` drag up a chair , eldred . ''
`` i want to do it right now , before we talk of this more and drag mud across what you remember . ''
tugging at his hand because he was trying to drag her inside again , misty hurriedly gestured to the woman in black staring at them and whispering to her companion from the refreshment table .
`` i am not your girl , '' melanie snapped and began to drag her dance partners away , but the two hotties were more interested who 'd just walked up .
christian took another drag and blew out a steady stream .
his fingers itched to drag up the material above her thighs while he kissed the soft hollow in her neck .
chapter twenty-three sebastian could barely drag in enough air , he was panting so hard .
shall i drag her down to her cabin , rip it apart-and rip her apart-to see if i can find what i seek ? ''
his hand cruised up her body to mold her breast again , then changed direction to drag a trail of fire down her front .
he could n't drag it out any longer .
`` we 'd cuff your wrists to the arms and drag it nice and close to us . ''
i tie the top with multiple knots and drag it outside to the shed .
i just do n't want this to drag you down , too . ''
after threatening to drag me , mom relented .
i drag my eyes back up to his face , which is calm as ever .
no need to drag anyone else down .
i slam into the steps , trying to drag air into my lungs .
if he was n't so strong , he would have had to drag it .
chapter 5 the morning seemed to drag by as grace went through the usual round of clients .
grace picked up her fork and used it to drag the bow over to her .
zarek took a long drag on his cigarette as acheron opened the door without touching it and strode out of his house .
he had to force himself to drag his gaze from the bed to the closet .
`` let him come , '' tabitha said as bride tried to drag him away from bride 's suv .
i cater to the strippers and drag queens . ''
it was almost enough to make him drag this out ...
ravyn ran at them only to have them drag him down the stairs to stand by her side .
you did n't drag me out of the pound to put a collar on me .
`` strip him and drag him to artemis 's temple .
time seemed to drag as they read line after line with no clues .
if i have to descend into hell and drag her out by her throat . ''
was it love to drag her down to be ridiculed alongside him ?
tears filled acheron 's eyes as he fought against the pain that was trying to drag him into unconsciousness .
she started for the stairs only to have jericho catch her and drag her back to the door .
he would say yes , but to get samia now would require they go into sanctuary and drag the bitch out .
rage swelled up as jess watched him kill matilda 's father and the preacher , then drag his bride into a back room .
only an absolute imbecile would drag emotion into it .
they must have been waiting for him to sleep so that they could grab him and drag him back into this hell .
wherever i go , they 'll follow and drag me back . ''
thia had to practically drag the lorina with her .
the rest of her , however , is all mine and i plan to drag her around that arena by her hair until she begs me for mercy . ''
`` knowing him , he 'd follow you into hell if you did and drag you back out . ''
meds mess with reflexes and make my ass drag .
she would be enjoying it a whole lot more if someone had n't interrupted her dream while she was trying to find v'aidan so that she could strip him nak*d and drag him into the water with her .
eyes wide , zeke turned at the deep , scary voice behind him to find what had to be a man so beautiful he should have been the lead act in a drag show .
he had to get her to safety before his brother showed up and used her to drag him back into robbery .
but he had brought everyone else along ; he could not abandon them to their own devices now or drag them into a mindless squabble , even if he would have liked one .
they had drifted some way off in the fighting , and devastatio had tried to drag himself under some trees , for concealment , but regal coppers had tolerable eyesight from a sufficient distance , and after a bit of scanning about he said , `` ha , there he is , '' and flew over to the hiding place , landing with a tremendous thump .
already the days had begun to drag intolerably .
the drag of a blade through flesh and a howl of pain told her she 'd made contact .
and when we find tristan this time , he is coming in to meet with macha if i have to drag his miserable carcass all the way there . ''
every time that happened , quinn forced his hands not to reach out to drag her away from whatever was holding her prisoner .
she fumbled with the ragged shirt , trying to drag it over her head before the blood dried to her back .
while he trusted mark implicitly , he did n't trust him not to go up to the coach 's door , kick it in , then drag him out into the yard and beat the snot out of him for threatening people .
are you going to drag them out of their car and beat them on the street for it ?
nick wanted to drag his feet , but he could n't do that if this really would get him to his mother .
it 's not every day you get to watch a herd of demons drag off your boyfriend . ''
the darkness spun faster as if trying to drag him away from that image .
her servants had tied a rope around her waist to drag her back if she got bespelled , a precaution they 'd been forced to use .
and if they managed to make it out of inferno alive , would he drag her into deep place as well ?
even so , lanthe would drag him out of the zone .
when she could drag her attention away from him , she observed her surroundings with interest .
and as sleep begins to drag him under , he ca n't fight the fear that the more he needs her , the more impossible it will be for her to stay .
a vampire might attack you , if you entered its domain , but a faerie could make you dance until you died with your legs ground down into stumps , trick you into a midnight swim and drag you screaming underwater until your lungs burst , fill your eyes with faerie dust until you gouged them out at the roots- '' `` jace ! ''
jace could n't drag his eyes away from isabelle .
i had to drag him through the portal with me .
i ca n't wait here for midnight ; it 'll take me nearly an hour to get to the lake through the tunnels , and i have no intention of letting the battle drag on very long .
she wondered if she had enough energy to drag herself over to where jace lay , if she could lie down beside him and wait for it to be over .
`` you would n't drag me out here at the crack of dawn if nothing was wrong , '' simon pointed out .
it did n't seem right to drag you into my problems . ''
she felt the grind and drag of it distantly .
`` sebastian , '' magnus gasped as alec began to drag him down the hall , away from the collapsing stone .
thank you for spending time with her and helping her out , but you guys did n't drag me into anything .
time seemed to slow down , the air thickening until i could n't drag in enough breath .
archer and hunter had managed to drag daemon back a few steps , but the expression on his face was downright murderous as he glared at the arum leader .
except as we cruised through the main drag of downtown , no one was out on the streets .
zayne rose slightly , causing his hand to drag across my stomach to my hip .
i frowned , wanting to point out that i could be an innocent girl in need of help , but that was n't the case and i did n't want to drag someone who was innocent into the middle of this .
the tone of his voice was now like having someone drag nails down my skin .
pity that his own parents would drag him into such a mess , and confusion over how they actually pulled off tricking a two thousand-year-old vampire who could read moods .
i can drag it out for years , she had said .
i sucked in my sobs and let mortimer drag me out into the dark hallway , his arm now linked with mine , as if we were out for an evening stroll .
i let her drag me , my heart hammering against my rib cage .
acacia was looking at the empty room with the kind of interested skepticism we all start out with , but i really did n't want to drag her to the infirmary after her first session .
`` no , there 's an inquisition , alive in the hearts of all fundamentalists of all sects , but they do n't in most parts of the world have the nower to drag away the prophet or the blasphemer .
joseph tried to drag me down from his shoulder but the crowd was too tight for him to do it , and i did n't want to come down .
michael took a final drag off the stubby little cigarette , and crushed it out in the big glass tray so that it became a hideous little worm .
and then it was the intention of the populace to drag him to the third scene of his supposed transgressions , the madonna at or san michele , and there to have his eyes put out .
or to drag out of him whatever precious information he might give up ?
`` the pups gnaw on whatever bones their elders drag in , '' muttered the black-haired woman , and the man beside her nodded .
if tessa did n't come obediently after a few of these attempts , miranda would seize her and drag her , kicking and screaming , down the stairs to the hot , stinking room where the dark sisters waited .
nephilim will drag you from this room , screaming and kicking .
`` this filth will only drag you down .
louise wiped clean the fogged glass of the newly framed window to watch bob and her just a husband drag the corpse through shin-deep snow to parker 's pickup .
a bunch of men wearing tool belts were standing around , and when i got out of my car , elizabeth came running over to nearly drag me inside the house .
glumly i sat back down and waited for a teacher to come drag me off to principal johnson for a few weeks of detention .
i did n't want to leave drag marks , and i scuffed my feet and doubled back enough times that no one could 've made heads or tails of our trail .
that really was n't going to be an issue since i was scheduled to work the later shift , but i was grumpy enough to drag my heels .
hoyt 's lifelong friendship with my brother would never come between the couple again , because my brother would never drag hoyt into trouble .
archer , by now , was barely able to drag himself along by the banister .
if the old legend was true-and , svetz reflected , the horse had certainly been big enough to drag a vehicle-then he would find horses wherever he found men .
she continued to drag him along , as a door opened in the wall , a little way ahead of them .
`` and should we capture eagles , and harness them , to drag us into the heavens ? ''
otherwise you 'll just faint or something , and drag me onto the ground with you .
adeline took a drag of her cigarette and smiled .
this was intolerable , and yet kaderin could n't just jog up there and drag cindey out by her neck .
somehow he was digging those claws into the ground to drag himself forward .
acknowledging her might just be the weight around his ankles needed to drag him down .
she could tell he wanted to snatch her arm and drag her in .
though he burned to know how she 'd come to be like this , all he could think about was the unbearable drag of his pants across his engorged cock .
to get to a demon snitch , conrad had ambushed a subterranean demon lair , fending off two gangs to drag his howling prey by the horns up to the surface .
cade had wondered why she had n't hurried into the shower and been dressed by the time he returned , but now as his gaze swept the room , he realized she had n't been able to drag herself away from rearranging everything not nailed down .
every few miles , cade had to drag trees out of their way .
sabine took only enough time to snatch up the undershirt he 'd left out for her and drag it over her head , then she headed out .
normally , he would just take her hand and drag her into the shower for a deep kiss until she 'd gone weak-kneed and mindless .
my claws sank deep into the rigid muscles of his ass to drag him closer , but by this time i was just hanging on for dear life-because he was pounding between my thighs with all his might . ''
come up from below , throw her on her beam-ends , heave a loop of its body over the stern and drag her down-he could envision no easy defense .
the man it had seized fell to the ground with it , and began to drag himself sobbing away , pulling his leg from between its teeth .
it was n't the clothes spider wore , but the knowledge that if fat charlie put them on he would look as if he were wearing some kind of unconvincing drag .
she took one final drag on the cigarette , then dropped it to the asphalt and ground it out beneath the sole of her flat shoe .
she sobbed , trying to drag me to the door , but i knew what was behind it .
he 'll just drag me off .
`` i meant it when i said i did n't mean to drag this out to the last few days , '' i said as i pawed through my bag .
then you made me drag my sorry ass clear across the continent chasing a promise of forgiveness that i won from you fair and square , only to have you curse me and call me a demon .
funny how you all thought i wanted to drag him back with me or kill him outright .
i thought one jump right to his bed would be better than sliding into the library and having to drag him . ''
great leathery wings opened in the graveyard , and i shivered , thinking that it was like the demons of hell had come to life and were here to drag me to eternal torture for betraying my friends .
breath hissing , i got off her , scrambling to find al and drag him away .
i said , ignoring the eager hands held out to drag me in .
too bad i 'll only drag him down from what he could be .
he hit the ground , hard , losing his breath , allowing her to simply drag her sword up his middle as she walked past .
`` hence the reason i said drag and not carry . ''
`` let 's take pictures with him before you drag him to the car . ''
still , if i had to , i was going to drag this rock-solid alien outside and flag down a car .
i needed to drag in a deep breath , to fill my lungs with oxygen , but did n't dare .
i heard him drag in a tortured breath .
`` and we were only minutes behind you , so there would have been no time for her to drag them away . ''
how could you drag me into this ?
the man you just described is more likely to knock you over the head with a club and drag you away by the hair . ''
she would drag him until she found someone who could call for help .
you do , and i 'll track your spirit into hell and drag you back . ''
`` i have a feeling your roses will love you , anyway , '' her friend said dryly and took another drag .
`` you 're gon na take a drag .
victoria shook her head , seeming to drag herself out of her stupor , and shouted , `` no one move , '' in that husky voice of hers .
they can drag you away .
and as the battle raged , the warriors managed to drag him up the steps and into his bedroom .
`` you really know how to drag a party down . ''
somehow , with only her name , his rough timbre was able to drag her from the mire of the hated memory .
growling as if in pain - sweet pain - he released her only long enough to drag the material over her head and toss the shirt aside .
if you can , drag aeron and paris back to the fortress and i 'll meet you there . ''
legion must have followed him , because she was suddenly beside him , her hand resting in his , trying to drag him to a halt .
now they were bloody and bruised and forced to drag him along .
he 'd forget he needed to learn about her and simply drag her on top of him .
boss man should be here any minute to drag him away .
already he was going to sink into despair when he lost her , and if he allowed himself to relax with her , to like her that much more , he would only drag her down with him .
once again she walked away , and once again he had to drag her back .
a beam in the canopy above them snapped and fell , and kane had to drag her out of harm 's way .
men had called her terrible names and had tried to drag her into abandoned alleys .
tomorrow , he would drag vika what would probably seem to be a thousand miles , and the more they ran tonight , the less they 'd have to trek while she was sore and hungry , her adrenaline depleted .
she aimed the gun at the window and said , `` open it and get out on your own , or i 'll open it and drag your bleeding carcass out . ''
jane latched onto his arm and managed to drag him to the shore .
like the caveman he was , he continued to drag her through the dirt .
he fought the urge to whip around , press himself against her , drop to his knees , taste her again , to have her , here , now , in front of everyone , or drag her away without a word to his guests .
i fought for my freedom , desperate to drag em to safety-em , who had n't moved and was n't crying-desperate to get to my dad , to help him .
i 'd be careful if i were you , or she 'll drag you down with her . ''
they thought she would drag them down . ''
eventually i managed to drag him close enough to stretch out his arm and connect natural fingers with spiritual fingers , joining the two together .
bradley practically had to drag poor erik , though , who kept throwing glances at cara over his shoulder .
a human who was about to expire and would likely end up being one of those stubborn-ass souls i had to drag to the other side by the earlobes , kicking and howling the entire way .
his body , immobilized by something powerful , moved through the air with such speed that he was sure the devil himself had taken him , intending to drag him all the way to hell .
they looked like they might drag her outside and beat her with their flip-flops .
or do i have to drag you ? ''
i wanted to ask vaughn if justin had come to see him , but then realized that calling any attention to my brother might just drag him into this somehow .
king sat up , broodingly taking stock as he watched them drag me off .
`` it 's so much more entertaining to drag you , my love , '' he said , tossing the words over his shoulder .
i could n't help but watch her dress drag through the dirt and mud and snow .
he were pulling at my skirts and trying to drag them up while he were still pushing me down .
i sit , taking a moment to study the deranged art scratched across its top , including a sketch of what is either mr. amado in drag or an attractive female bigfoot .
at 7:54 on the night of friday , october 1st , i drag myself to caroline 's door and knock with questionable enthusiasm .
`` why did he drag her all the way out here , then ?
i 'll go with you , '' i yell as they drag me across the hallway and through the darkened gym , empty now that thunderstorms have cancelled all the practices and meets .
get over yourself and fabian , stop putting me on the line and do n't drag violet into this . '
a curse tripped to my lips and i remembered i should breathe , but it was futile , pointless , and i stopped bothering completely as i tried to tell him to be gentler , but it only came out as a pined moan , his forefinger beginning to drag my bra aside , grazing my nipple .
when i got to the right side of her bed , i lifted the first two layers of sheets right up , using a little magic so they would n't drag across her skin , and replaced them on top of her .
he seemed to have it well under control , and i almost did n't want to burst his organizing bubble by saying that every single person he had invited would turn up , even if they had to drag themselves through peat bogs wearing nothing more than their underwear .
fallon threw his arms up in an exaggerated shrug with the same sudden burst of energy he had used to drag me in .
gwen demanded , planting her hands on the counter to my left like she intended to drag it toward her .
i grabbed the end of the handrail before he could drag me away .
my eyes drag over to coop .
i drag your ingrate of a kid back , and you let whoever the hell i want walk right out of the tunnels ? ''
`` so are you going to tell me , or do i have to drag it out of you ? ''
the last thing i need is to get sucked into laken 's delusions and drag down the rest of the student body with me .
it takes all of my strength to drag my eyes off him , punch in the number to the house , and listen as it rings .
i pause long enough to let it all soak in , watch as his somber eyes drag lethargic across my face .
i toss it out there like a bad theory-watch as the colors in the room melt together in a grey blur as i drag my eyes across the ceiling .
`` i do n't want to drag my dad into anything . ''
i drag myself through the dark parking lot after a long day working with my `` boss , '' whose head is swollen to the size of a watermelon from the special attention he scored from brielle 's new friend , skyla-my skyla .
and , this time , you 're going to drag the entire world with you . ''
they 're afraid i 'll drag this out for a small eternity , and one year will turn into two , and soon we 'll be locked in some strange three-way union that will ultimately lead to some seriously bad reality tv or a felony .
it takes everything in me not to drag gage up to the butterfly room right this freaking minute .
we need to do something big like drag a couch over to senior lawn and set it on fire . ''
marshall takes a seat on the edge of his desk , and his lips curl upwards because we both know he 's going to drag this out , turn it into some sort of sexual spectator sport that will have me mentally begging for mercy .
i have no clue where i 'm going to stay , but wherever it is , i 'm sure mom and tad will drag me back before i can properly appreciate the metric distance that i 'm about to put between us .
`` you have five seconds before i come over and drag you in . ''
we pull ourselves off the shoreline , fighting the current that labors to drag us out to sea .
once you 're sealed , i have visitation rights wherever they drag you off to . ''
`` i know full well i 'll drag out a million clown fems with me . ''
i drag him over to the bedding lying on the floor and pull back the sheet .
i drag myself along the dirt-covered road with the lead weights strapped to my back .
she shakes her head and tries unsuccessfully to drag him off to the forest , but he rises and pulls her in our direction instead .
i drag gage all the way upstairs and shut the door , then turn off the lights .
no locale on the planet is lucrative enough to drag me away .
a loud rattle on the other side of the wall inspires me to drag logan up to the butterfly room for privacy .
even if chloe did manage to off herself in this delusional world , i 'd totally drag her body back to paragon , leave her to rot in demetri 's dungeon until the bumbling detective came upon her carcass .
gage helps me drag most of the junk from the car and schlep it over to the table that mom and tad occupy with a strange assortment of material trappings from their past .
a sharp pain explodes over my back , knocks the wind out of me as they drag me to some unknown location .
`` he 's behind us in the ballroom , grab him and drag him back out here .
i want to drag him to a corner and share everything with him right now .
did i drag you to a stone altar and try to sacrifice you in front of dozens of psychopaths ?
i chase michelle around the room , snatching and grabbing at random until , finally , i drag her to the bed and pin her down with my body .
i did n't mean to drag gage into this .
i step out of the puddle , forcing my legs to drag me back towards the house .
i drag my eyes over his features , cascade down his chest , then drop my gaze to his shiny black shoes .
*** i drag ellis outside the ballroom .
i drag her into the kitchen .
an engine revs up four times as though it were readying itself for a drag race .
maybe i can drag out this whole i'll-get-you-a-body thing for the rest of my life , or tad 's , whichever ends first .
`` i 'd like to talk to you outside a moment , '' i say to gage as i swiftly drag him out the front door .
that will drag this day into a whole other direction for me .
emily looks like a questionable alice in wonderland , her fake long blonde hair and overdone face makes it look like she 's in drag more than anything else .
the last thing i want is to drag gage into my bed of lies .
i drag him by the elbow and shove him into the passenger seat .
i flick on the light and drag up a spare throw pillow i plucked from off my bed and take a seat on it .
then laura suggested a walk on the seafront , which lily encouraged with great enthusiasm , running up the stairs to drag her genie out of his bottle ( fazire was furiously channelling his friends to tell them the latest episode in the lily saga ) and plan her strategy with her ever-helpful friend .
`` do n't drag me into this , '' the green-eyed man said , grinning ear-to-ear like their show was enormously amusing .
he 'd saunter down and drag the sled back up for her , sonia climbing by his side , his arm around her shoulders , hers light around his waist as she exchanged loud , animated replays amongst her new friends .
`` mm , '' she murmured contentedly , her fingers tensing to drag her nails along his chest and her legs shifted against his , tangling with them , her body pressing closer , entwining with his .
`` what would drag you away from that family and all those friends of yours .
i had n't actually kissed aunt kate to piss her off enough to leave and drag everyone with her .
then out to the sleigh i went to drag in all the trunks .
but even as that weight lifted and i started to feel light , immediately something else started to drag me down and i whispered , `` frey - '' he interrupted me by touching his mouth to mine .
i backed up , trying to drag the massive , inert warrior i was attached to with me as the new warrior stalked toward me , his eyes intense , his body scarred more than most , his face , even only lit by the moonlight and the faraway torchlight of the daxshee , ferocious and mean .
then he 'd drag me out of bed so i could give him a quick bath and braid or arrange his hair how he instructed .
and when i told lahn firmly i wanted to go with him , we had our first knockdown drag out fight .
i knew , however , that you would sleep in so , since you were on our way , we stopped by to drag you out of bed . ''
i felt them , talons in my shirt , starting to drag me back .
`` i pay on the notes , you 've got no - '' `` you fight me , i 'll drag your ass into court and demand a dna test , '' cash returned and alistair 's mottled face became confused .
she 'd managed to drag herself out of bed at an ungodly hour feeling as if she 'd only had moments of sleep , which , in reality , was all she had .
she took another deep drag and then glanced at the crowd , obviously worried that oliver would discover her habit then her eyes moved back to julia .
that thought started to drag at her budding excitement and , hiding her disappointment , she tilted her head down to adjust her glove and called out , `` sorry , sorry , i 'm ready . ''
she felt the edge of his teeth drag against her nipple then pull it hungrily in his mouth then move to the other , only to do the same thing .
he expected her to have cold feet and was going to warn her that if she left him , he 'd find her and drag her home .
after voicing her question , marianne collapsed into a fit of smoker 's cough and , once she finished , she sucked another drag off her ever-present cigarette .
instantly alert , he nearly threw the covers back , thinking she 'd crept away while he was sleeping and determined to find her ( wherever she was ) and drag her back and keep her there until they had things sorted .
`` were you with annie two weeks ago when the police pulled you over for drag racing ? ''
`` we were n't drag racing , '' bella replied .
`` i 've ordered high tea and we 've made sure we have plenty for dinner if you all decide to stay which i think would be lovely , '' joy wittered on as she firmly guided belle up the steps even though belle tried very hard to drag her feet .
wellington is forcing napoleon 's imperial forces to retreat , but the emperor remains dangerous and if he defeats wellington , the war could drag on for another decade .
if need be , he would drag her kicking and screaming to the altar , witnesses and all .
maybe they 'd drag me back there no matter what .
evernight was far from any highway , and kate and eduardo were n't foolhardy enough to drag us onto mrs. bethany 's turf again .
the strange tar - pit drag on my movements released me so quickly that i felt like i went flying .
glancing down , he saw that he stood in mud , or quicksand ... something dark and liquid that had begun to drag him down .
balthazar did n't want to drag any more humans than necessary into this .
noah took a final drag on his stub of a cigarette , breathed the smoke out of his flared nostrils and flicked the remains of the cancer stick out the window .
i drag it across my skin- i blink the memory away and whisper mara 's name in desperation .
`` if you get yourself killed i swear i 'll drag your sorry ass back from the grave . ''
shock punched her hard enough to drag a gasp from her .
the stinging blade continued to rein blows upon him as the other man attempted to drag him closer to the snare .
worse even than those nights her sister would come and drag her from her bed ... simone gave a sharp shake of her head as she climbed into the carriage behind gideon .
troy , prince of imps , was a large , muscular man with the build of a professional wrestler and the fashion taste of a drag queen .
even if the man was some kind of an eternal cop , he could n't just drag me into this .
there was no way we could drag lucien up the stairs .
but at last she was in a cavern large enough for her to stand upright and even to drag in a deep breath .
`` and while i prefer to escort you to my lair in a civilized manner , i can keep you shackled and drag you there kicking and screaming .
`` i heard that he managed to kill three of your ravens before you were able to beat him senseless and drag him to this cave . ''
you were the one to drag me into this mess `` the coldness deepened around styx .
there 's no need to drag me around like a sack of potatoes , conde . ''
momentarily frozen with shock , regan was abruptly catapulted into action as the vampire kicked shut the door and attempted to drag her further into the dark room .
darcy was never going to drag the proud vampire fully into the twenty-first century .
settled on the mississippi river , it was a combination of small businesses , fast-food restaurants , and chain stores along broadway street , while the traditional main drag was lined with historic homes that were battling the passage of time with varying degrees of success .
he no longer wanted to drag out the death of the traitor with a slow , painful torture .
did he suspect the child she was hiding was another jinn mongrel who he needed to drag from his hiding place and turn over to the oracles ?
funny how time could drag when she was battling a lunatic vampire .
the last thing he needed was to drag along a feral vampire who distracted him on a cellular level .
`` i was afraid what might happen , '' she snapped , accepting that the stubborn sylvermyst would n't give up until he 'd managed to drag the humiliating truth out of her .
there was another poke ; then the mongrel grabbed her around the ankle and began to drag her toward the back of the cell .
if he wanted to take her to his clan , he would have to physically drag her there .
we still had connor , which i thanked god for , and he was still enough to lure selene on stage , and drag her off into the wings , weakened by sarah 's powers , and untempted by amy 's blood .
it did n't take long for him to drag me to the saturday lessons .
since it was a saturday morning and i was sure ben would n't be the type to drag me into a formal gathering of sorts , i ended up putting on a baby doll blouse with a white lace tube top and a sheer old rose chiffon bottom .
then again , perhaps that was what sofia was for ... to drag me away from my excuses and escapes .
i stood to my feet and quickly approached her , fully intending to drag her all the way to my penthouse if i had to .
are you really sure you want to drag this out ? ''
he was sorrow , grief , pain and misery , and he was determined to drag us all down with him .
`` yes , dustin hicks , the boy who helped you drag jacob up to the rafters .
she watched from the woods as he proceeded to drag her parents across a grassy area to their nearby car .
i will never forgive you for this or forget this , and i am going to make it my life 's fucking mission to drag you down to hell where you belong . ''
hell , this last pair looked like an aerial shot of a drag strip starting gate .
their shoulders and arms were thick enough to drag a car behind them .
as he took another drag and let it out , he watched the milky white smoke curl up into the cold air and rise until it disappeared .
`` you sure you want to drag that woman into all this ? ''
as the silence became as prevalent as the fog , jim took another drag and talked out the exhale .
he 's heading for a brick wall right now , flailing around , searching for purpose , and i 'm exactly that kind of ass**le to drag anything and anyone into this who will help him find his way . ''
but the vertical thing did n't go well , and instead , she had to drag herself across the dock , fits of coughing still grinding her lungs , her head all fuzzy .
sitting in the cushiony leather office chair , part of him was very clear that everyone was expendable , that if anybody walked in while he was working , he was going to shoot them and drag the body under the desk .
`` devina , where are you , '' he gritted before taking another drag .
jim took another drag and angled the tip onto the cast , right in front , below his knee .
a second later , he had a red between his lips and was taking a drag .
jim took another drag .
except how were they going to- a sense of lift grabbed him by the hair and shoulders , and he could feel a sudden buoyancy in his body , that super-heavy gravitational hold easing up its drag coefficient on his bones .
and not because he 'd taken a bad drag .
and then took a long drag .
for some reason , he thought of that febreze commercial , the one where they 'd shit up some place , spray like madmen , and drag `` real people , not actors '' into the scene to sniff around .
taking a deep drag , he clomped through the accumulation .
but he had to have some kind of a direction ... a plan , a destination to drag his sorry ass to .
taking a hard drag off his dunhill , he exhaled a curse .
`` i do n't mean to drag you into this .
his body told him to go after her , stop that car , and drag her into the backseat .
elan took a drag and released the smoke in a rush , his annoyance manifested in his breath .
`` and drag this out of the way .
when benloise failed to stand on his own , it was the work of a moment to drag his hundred-and-forty-pound weight into the interior .
he would drag the moon down to earth if they needed it .
it flapped and tried to drag her off the steps .
from the dark look on his face , he was ready to drag jake 's mother with him .
`` as long as you do n't get a club and drag me by my hair to your cave , '' she teased him softly .
it was a joke , just some sick joke where i was supposed to drag my sorry ass to the front gate and walk home .
`` even if i have to drag you there by the ears . ''
you might be able to drag this war out another ten years , but you 'll lose eventually .
then i made funi help me drag the man deeper into the dungeon , until we reached the lowest cell .
as soon as he became solid , grandpa would drag him home .
kendra tried to drag seth away , but he was too strong .
i can think of few people they would rather drag to the bottom of the pond . ''
no need to drag mud into the hallway . ''
`` i have a ton of tickets to drag around , '' she said .
`` i did n't think about them using tools to drag us down .
carrying her between them , they soon found they could make better time if they let her legs drag .
`` if i spit out the ironhide and jump with a moon rock , do you think the boat will drag me down too fast ? ''
run , and i 'll find you , hack off that hand with the phony mark , burn it , and drag you back to the sky raiders in chains .
cole suspected most men using two hands would have to drag the broadsword along behind them .
`` what if we drag over some of those blocks ? ''
hades , no doubt , coming to reclaim me and drag me back to that dark place .
once , he let the chain drag him a good distance , hoping it might rest his legs .
`` you do n't have to let me drag you into this .
after binding the soldier 's wrists , legs , and arms , it took all three boys to drag him up into the autocoach .
`` your sword would drag us straight to the bottom , '' bat said .
`` will you come quietly , or must we drag you from here piece by piece ? ''
in stormy weather , no living thing could drag itself through that gap .
he could hardly drag himself up the stairs with the others when the time came .
yet the wight remained within its mound , even as she came near enough to drag into the barrow , as if it were ... hesitating .
rowan threatened to drag her back to the barrows , as that seemed to be the only thing that had triggered any sort of response , but he 'd backed off-to her surprise-when she told him that she 'd slit her own throat before entering that place again .
she was about to drag herself to her room when the door flung open down the hall and rowan stormed out , practically glowing with ire .
the magic had quieted down , but now ... melt through them , or melt the ice where they were anchored and let him drag the chains back ?
celaena did not dare drag her gaze away from rowan , who took the whipping as if he had done this before-as if he knew how to pace himself and how much pain to expect .
since martel 's last words were of seduction , a red-hot poker will not drag them from me .
any hope i had of being able to drag him anywhere , let alone up a flight of stairs , evaporates .
i know how to swim , but my gown and cloak are heavy and would drag me to the bottom in no time .
de brosse 's remaining soldiers drag him and the other fallen with them as we go .
i spent the first hour sobbing in remorse-filled terror , afraid the chicken would drag itself over to me and peck out my eyes .
my waiting is over ; it is now time to claim the life that i want , even if i must drag it kicking and screaming to a garrison closet .
it blows toward me and away from the king , just enough to drag against the arrow , reducing its speed and range , making the shot impossible .
no luggage to drag , no kids to hang on to .
thirteen cress would not have believed that she had the strength to drag carswell thorne beneath the bed and secure his unconscious body against the wall if the proof was n't in her arms .
she wanted to drag me into a fight so i 'd spend the night sulking , and i was n't going to lose this game .
i would die fighting rather than i let him drag me back .
did you drag her up there and kill her ? ''
i could n't drag ian to my aid .
gritting my teeth against the heavy drag of jude 's weight , i heaved him toward the trees .
he kissed me instead of answering , but if i had to drag him over the cliff with me , so be it .
the boy refuses to go , though , and monarch has to grab him and drag him in , his body leaving a trail of blood on the floor as he disappears into the room .
`` i 'm going to bed , '' i say then i drag myself to my bedroom , strip down into my bra and underwear , never fully making it into my pajamas as i flop down on the bed and pass out with the foreseer book in my hand .
what kind of werewolf could drag a body to main street without being seen ?
it 's a miracle she did n't drag me out of bed to get ready for school .
i went in with my other hand , and managed to drag my claws against his chest before-having learned how effective it was with my first wrist-he disarmed that one as well .
i did n't want to drag skylar into this .
maybe i should have gone straight to metis in the first place , but i 'd forgotten all about the professor even being at the bonfire in my rush to get daphne and drag her back to the library so the valkyrie could heave the dead prowler off logan before it completely smothered him .
the wolf would come for me sooner or later , lurking and hiding on the mountain until it got another shot at me , another chance to tear into me with its teeth and drag my body back to its reaper master .
too bad batman was n't here to come and drag his ass off to arkham .
probably chase me down , catch me , and drag me off to the academy prison .
although i wanted nothing more than to attack her , i knew i would n't even get a chance to reach for her before alexei or one of the guards watching would drag me back .
even if i had been secretly expecting vivian , agrona , and a group of reapers to show up and attack us somewhere between the bookstore at one end of the main drag and the jewelry shop at the other .
instead i let the current catch me in its rough embrace and drag me downriver .
the vampire 's eyes widened , and he tried to drag himself away .
finn parked the car and helped me drag the still-unconscious violet fox out of the backseat , up three steps , and onto the porch that wrapped around the spacious home .
once i made the initial break , it was easy enough to drag my finger around the perimeter of the block , forming a square shape much bigger than the circle of silverstone at the heart of the granite .
he stretched out his hands , ready to throw his power at me or to drag me out of the recess and into the falling debris .
out on the main drag , vampire prostitutes wearing as little as the cold would let them trolled listlessly up and down the sidewalks , still hoping that some sugar daddy would want to get his rocks off before going back to his warm , comfortable bed .
i asked , as if they were just another pair of anonymous customers who 'd walked in off the street instead of a couple of bounty hunters who 'd love nothing more than to drag me off by my hair and dump me at mab 's feet .
i let bria drag me around all afternoon , and i even oohed and aahed over tacky t-shirts and cheap seashell necklaces just like you 're supposed to when you 're on vacation .
one of the neighbors finally told me that she 'd seen a couple of giants drag callie out of the house kicking and screaming and shove her into the back of a black town car - and that dekes got inside after her . ''
i never thought salina would come back to ashland , or that phillip would drag you into the middle . ''
`` come on , '' i whispered , putting my arm under his shoulder and preparing myself to drag him the rest of the way out of the house , across the grounds , and into the woods .
it depended on how slowly he decided to work , and he would probably drag things out as long as possible , in hopes of figuring out some way to turn the tables on clementine and her men .
the rocks would either crush us outright or shatter the walkway and drag us both down to the bottom of the river .
the two men had their hands around sophia 's waist , trying to drag her away , but the dwarf was stronger than they were , and she could have held on forever - if the wood had n't cracked .
`` we can drag her along the ice easier and faster than we can carry her , '' bria explained .
warren could n't drag anyone , not with that bullet in his leg , but he was just stubborn enough to try , and sophia knew it .
in both of those cases , the water had only wanted to drag me down , down , down .
all it did was drag all of your dark , messy , turbulent emotions out into the light for someone else to see .
so i persuaded fletcher to leave , and warren and i managed to drag him down the mountain to where his car was .
`` or maybe they realize that a lawsuit will probably drag on for years , if it does n't get thrown out of court somewhere along the way .
`` promise me that you 'll leave , '' she said , pulling on my arm and trying to drag me toward the staircase again .
28 finn and i managed to half carry , half drag fletcher down the porch steps , across the yard , and over to finn 's aston martin .
since the restaurant was packed , all of the waitstaff were out front , seeing to the customers , so there was no one around to watch me toss the newspaper aside , march over to one of the freezers , and drag a black duffel bag out from behind it .
this dude sisyphus apparently finagled a way out of death a couple of times , and hades had it and made him drag an enormous boulder up a mountain .
derek and i had been trying to drag ourselves home after a big fight that had n't gone too well .
fifteen years from now i 'll still drag my beaten , bloody hide to my place and lick my wounds , all alone , in a dark house .
`` in that case , you and i will have to go in and drag their asses out of that damn cave . ''
how far did you drag him ? ''
she used both hands to drag the tattered fabric across the grimy glass , cutting off the view of the aging casino and the adjoining cafe across the street .
`` of course - except when it came to drag racing on river road . ''
`` i ca n't remember how many times i got a phone call in the middle of the night telling me the savagar kid was staging another drag race out on river road .
even diana sensed it , although i told her that what was happening was just standard operating procedure for drag racing on river road .
he had to drag her the last few steps .
rafe watched her drag winston away from his investigations .
the only way anyone would be able to track me would be by drag marks or scent .
the house and i pulled , trying to drag him into the inn .
`` i thought drag racing was illegal . ''
`` or i 'll get rogan to beat you and then drag your body to your family by your hair . ''
she had managed to drag them inside but they were too heavy for her to lift or stack .
for a terrible second or two she was afraid she would not be able to drag him out of the unit .
he tried to reach for her to drag her close so that she could finish what she had begun .
do you have any idea how hard it was to drag you down that corridor ?
gryph experienced a sudden , nearly overwhelming desire to reach across the table , drag sariana out of her chair and carry her out of the chamber .
the cloaked figure gryph had been about to drag off into the shadows coughed and sat up slowly .
she watched him drag his victim to shore .
swiftly he calculated distances from walker 's house , the degree of geographical isolation offered by the various properties and the proximity to the two locations in the area that provided the kind of powerful , reliable currents required to drag two bodies out to sea and make sure that the evidence disappeared .
she feels the drag of his fingers , and her scalp gives a yelp of pain , but then she 's dancing past , with the fleeting thought that whoever said girls with long hair would never survive the zombie apocalypse probably had something there .
the stain on your soul was shhho black , i wuss always afraid you 'd drag me down . ''
if that happened he 'd drag me into those tunnels and no one would see me again .
he took one last drag off a cigarette and tossed it into the gutter .
finally , he leaned back and exhaled his first drag in a plume of gray smoke .
it 's up to you , let her rest comfortably in her bed or drag her here to sleep it off in a waiting room . ''
she lifted it to her lips and inhaled a deep drag of red smoke .
the vineyard was set back from the main drag , down a winding dirt road .
`` look , i 'm sorry to drag you into this .
everyone give a warm welcome to the big easy 's newest drag sensation- miss pussy willow ! ''
a lot of queens do n't go by 'she ' at all , some insist on 'she ' all the time , and others only when they 're in drag .
i whispered to him and adam , `` i 'm surprised they put him back in drag . ''
the drag queen perked up in the bed .
when he paused for another drag , i realized i had n't taken a breath since he began his story .
a memory of the first time i 'd seen the faery perform at the drag club in new orleans made me smile .
he used to live his life as a full-time male and part-time drag queen .
`` yeah , well , '' i said , `` we 'll see if you 're still thanking us after you 've had to share a bathroom with a drag queen and a demon for a few nights . ''
`` i suppose i could drag this out and make you suffer , but if your hangover is as bad as mine , you 're already in enough pain . ''
a weathered sign on the window advertised the bar 's infamous gender bender drag night , which happened every wednesday .
when he 'd moved to the big apple to launch his singing career , brooks had adopted his female drag persona full-time , going so far as insisting we call `` her '' pussy willow .
he said , referring to the drag queen corps who lived and worked in that building .
oh my gods , now that i mentioned it , i could n't wait to see how valva and the drag queen got along .
he was n't in drag tonight , but he was definitely in full drama mode .
maybe he 'd been a bit of a drag lately .
misty clung to him while she rose against him , wanting to drag him inside her .
shifters drifted into the bar at the far end of the main drag gradually , the agreement being that all of them did n't descend on a place at once .
`` i 'm going to beat down your body then drag it back up , and beat it down again .
they reached for her , wrapping around her hands and arms , trying to drag her away from graham .
if you end his life , you will drag his corpse with you for the rest of yours .
if you fall , you will drag your sister , your brother-in-law , and your brother down with you .
the coyote darted in , ready to drag marlo-or pieces of him-away to his pack .
`` call pablo and ask him where we find bradley 's headquarters , and we 'll go drag him out . ''
`` he 'll drag you into a mess and run the other way .
if i were to drag your ass over to her , she would extract the information from you .
according to george , the man 's name was francis , he was a traitor to adrianglia , and at the first opportunity , william and cerise would grab him and drag him back to the loving embrace of the realm .
her expression told him , however , that she 'd prefer to knock him on the head and drag him back home , and would have if she 'd been able .
nothing short of a dire need would drag him to the mire , where he 's out of his element .
all of that muscle made for a lot of weight to drag around .
william watched her drag the end of the line out of the peat .
the big man could barely stand , but he leaned heavily on glory and let her drag him across the kitchen .
he 'd explain everything to her soon , but right now he just wanted to have her pull the car over so he could drag her off and sex her .
the line between the real world and faerie blurred in places , and who knew whether that doorway would open suddenly , the warrior fae ready to drag her in .
she had a feeling that if she shot him , he 'd spit the bullet out , sling her over his shoulder , and drag her all the way into the weird .
together they would drag her out .
how much i worried that you might drag me off , leaving the kids behind , or that you might kill them ?
two , if i have to drag nicki out of the edge kicking and screaming . ''
and declan was determined to drag her into the castle .
before i drag you against that counter and start kissing you again .
`` hunger so you 'll eat for strength , mating frenzy so you 'll drag down a male and have him land a cub on you . ''
but the distraction gave iona enough time to drag eric out of the middle of the fight .
they 'll send trackers down here to drag you there if necessary .
he would 've loved nothing more than to drag me back to the keep and surround me with rings of combat shapeshifters , but hugh changed everything .
i had plenty to drag me down as it was .
if i were desandra , wild horses would n't be able to drag me away from fighting jennifer for the alpha spot .
`` why the hell did you even drag us on this hunt ? ''
`` in a minute i 'm going to get up and drag you to the edge of the tower .
i looked back at the drag marks .
no ass**le undead would drag me back .
his furry majesty was threatening to drag a grill up there and `` cook meat '' for me .
three more seconds to drag the chain to an old tree .
if i was in trouble , he would drag me out of it .
i had to strip off my soggy rags , seal my cuts , and drag the head home .
you drag that sword everywhere .
if i had andrea 's strength , i 'd sling him over my shoulder and drag his ass out .
i was n't going to let him drag me off-track .
started to drag him away as the other two lay on the ground .
lacond had to drag me out of my bed to get me to work for him .
`` and i suppose you 'll just drag me along anyway if i refuse ? ''
do n't tell me you had to drag me off of him , too ? ''
`` they had to drag me in here against my will when i first saw it .
then he leaned forward , taking the time to drag his mouth from my stomach to my neck .
bones let her drag him off to the side .
i told him to drag me to a phone and then i 'd let him go .
i 'd have to drag everything out of him , would n't i ?
leyla sniffed and took a drag of her kombucha .
if i was a terrible person for planning to drug my girlfriend and drag her back to my house to keep in the basement .
i closed my eyes , imagining officer koenig knocking on the door , my parents standing behind him , waiting to drag me back home .
the tentacles on the screen began to drag along the ground , looking for the original tentacled monster so that they could reattach themselves .
i punched in the number and reported the accident , talking fast , trying to guess where we might be , and then i took off my coat , careful not to drag the sleeves over my bloody knuckles , and i threw it on top of sam .
the horses drag them around like they have no weight whatsoever .
i drag the words out .
kings were not meant to drag their hems in this .
but for now , tell me if i can drag her out of this place and up that hole .
then he felt the ridged callus of a finger drag slowly over the skin on his back .
every year , there were dozens of cars waiting to be flogged on the drag strip .
the drag strip - a long , dusty field cut into the hills around it - was already packed when they got there .
ten white mitsubishis drove onto the drag strip .
most of the flood lamps were out , but the drag strip was brighter than before .
the faerie who lived in his well had come out long enough to drag the human to the old marsh and tear him apart .
he reached over and touched my chin ; the lightest of touches could drag away my protests .
dobson had n't been able to drag me away from the restaurant in handcuffs , but here i was at the police station all the same .
i took a drag , inhaling heavily and holding it in as i had seen so many others do .
he took a drag before passing it to me .
he took a drag off a joint , the camera bouncing around , and barked , `` jury , hold the damn thing straight ! ''
he took a drag of his cigarette , blowing the smoke up as he stared at me thoughtfully .
his lips quirked around his cigarette , taking a drag .
its claws raked down my arm as it began to drag me out of the structure .
i 'd had to drag him from the bathrooms , promising to do delicious , naughty things to him later .
`` a world with too much repetition is a drag .
i 'll drag them as close as i can back to you before the bastards eat me and i 'll spell them .
as rourke continued to drag me farther down the alley , i tried to reason with him .
how much time did they have before the mob came to drag her away ?
he could n't just drag her through the house , not without getting blood on the carpets .
the hours seemed to drag by .
savanah slid to the ground , her hand massaging her throat as she fought to drag air into her lungs .
we were close to going down to new orleans to drag you home . ''
it would do no one good to drag it out .
my feet seemed to drag at each step .
why 'd he drag you into this ? ''
he did seem to drag selah into merlotte 's every single date they had .
finally , to a huge swell of music , portia crossed the patio to the end of the carpet , the wedding coordinator ( with some effort ) lifting the train of portia 's dress so it would n't drag on the bricks .
but i would n't drag him into this for the world , because that would mean his sure death .
she heaved a big sigh to indicate how reluctant she was to drag me into her dad 's stuff .
rudy was already up on his elbows , trying to drag himself toward us .
he smacked down a long drag and let it out in a series of billowing smoke rings .
i remember her hands were trembling slightly until she huffed down that long first drag .
i do n't want to drag out the story , but she 'd tried to kill me first .
she barely had time to take the map out of the drawer and drag one of the mailbags over to the table before the first delivery truck pulled in .
and he 's already been told if he does n't show up on his own , lucivar will hunt him down and drag him all the way to ebon rih . ''
helton had told her to take a footman to serve her , but it seemed silly to drag a second man out in order to run a simple errand .
she felt the drag of daylight as soon as the sun rose , and went to bed to avoid the drain in her power .
`` drag falonar , '' daemon replied .
there was no reason to try to drag it outside since they were bringing the boys to the wagon .
one way or another , he was going to find a healer and drag her back here .
he was trying to think of a reasonable excuse to drag lucivar into the great hall for a minute to ask him why the kindred were so interested in the consort when jaenelle rushed into the room .
rubbing his eyes , saetan wondered if he might be allowed to splash some water on his face to wake up , but he had the distinct impression that if he did n't dress quickly , andulvar would drag him through the corridors wearing nothing but his skin .
we had to drag him over to the side before he got run over by a cart . ''
time meant nothing as he lay there , curled in a ball , fighting to hang on to the glittering trail that led upward while everything beneath him pulled at him , trying to drag him back down .
kylie 's voice rang high pitched , fearing her mom would drag her to the emergency room .
kylie asked , hoping her mom was n't out with smarmy john , who wanted to drag her mom off to england and get her naked and between the sheets .
`` i could pick him up and drag him up a tree and then drop him on his head a few times until he comes to his senses . ''
`` i ca n't drag you into this , kylie . ''
antique stores , specialty shops , and even a candy store-the kind of place her parents used to drag her to when she was a kid .
`` do n't make me have to drag you out of here , '' he said .
i do n't care if i have to drag the birds to you . ''
our lockers arranged ( although i had n't so much as opened mine-there was something comforting about having my books in hand ) , i used the rest of our short walk through the main corridor of the classroom building to our first class-art history-to drag a little more information out of scout .
it took a moment to make my feet move , to drag my gaze away from the incredibly smug smile on veronica 's face .
it 'll only keep out reapers-and whatever else they try to drag in here . ''
it took mallory 's voice to drag my gaze away from his mouth .
i mean , you 've been around for a while , and if anyone there is from grey house ... '' `` if anyone there is from grey house , they 'll think i 'm there to find them , enforce house rules , and drag them back to rationality - right before i kick their asses .
he started walking toward the thundercloud , pul ing my arm in an attempt to drag me with him .
even in the dark of february , division street , wicker park 's main drag , was hopping .
her legs moved awkwardly , and her wings provided just enough drag to make me faster than her .
he got this stubborn clinch in his jaw and i knew i was going to have to drag it out of him .
it started yanking , as if to drag me beneath the bed .
it seemed disrespectful somehow to break apart her body , to drag her to shore , all because i wanted to feel better about what i had done .
`` it did n't touch me , except to drag me down ... '' sam 's face drained of fear .
chapter seventeen heven the rest of the day seemed to drag on endlessly .
kimber managed to drag sam and me , along with several others , onto the dance floor with her .
they were used as guardians to the gates of hell , and sometimes souls would escape , and they were sent to hunt them down and drag them back . ''
the weight of my body seemed to drag me down , and i could feel the skin on my palms ripping from the rough bark on the branch .
`` you can come willingly or i can drag you out of this apartment by that blond hair of yours . ''
it 's not something i drag out . ''
no , she would rather drag me all over fairbanks to scout locations for the fundraiser that i offered to help her chair .
that they somehow figured out i was harboring a body in my house and they had come to drag piper and me off to jail .
piper morning classes seemed to drag by , like this entire week .
we even walk around on two feet and do n't drag our arms on the ground . ''
her memories wanted to fly at him , from every angle , to drag him away from his purpose , memories that mostly looked like the convent .
when he finally met her gaze , his eyes were at half-mast and his lips were parted as he worked to drag air in .
i let some preternaturally powerful ass**le drag you off and i did n't even notice , not for half a minute . ''
`` to have come so close to rescuing fiona , to have seen her , and to have watched rith drag her away , you must be really upset . ''
her heart tightened as she reached out to drag her fingers over his high , strong cheekbones .
he drew in a long drag of air through his nostrils , letting the honeysuckle scent of her scrape his nose raw .
the hour seemed to drag from the time the last barge began its journey and ended at the north end command center .
ethan heard a drag on a cigarette .
she would try to forge ahead into the future , and he would always drag her back into the past , and that was immensely depressing .
they just drag us down to their level .
when she yanked at his hair , trying to drag him back , he gave her what she wanted , moving in with increased speed and intensity , nipping and sucking at her , plunging his tongue inside her warmth , pulling it back out .
her hand came up , and she took a drag on her cigarette as she walked away , the click of her boots loud in the quiet night .
a fistful of fur and fat in his hand , he tried to drag the cat back toward him , but it bit his hand and wiggled away , leaping onto an end table and knocking cara 's glass-base lamp off .
he took a drag off his cigarette and blew smoke in her direction .
then the click of her lighter , and he heard her suck in a drag of her cigarette .
he licked and sucked , bit and tugged , until she was moaning , throwing her head back , letting her eyes drag half shut .
actually it 's in my purse , so i can give it to you whenever i can drag my lazy butt off this bed . ''
but he had n't touched any drugs or alcohol in seventy-five years , and he was n't about to fall for the faulty logic that tried to trip him and drag him back down into the depths of addiction yet again .
to anyone watching , a sweet gesture of intimacy , to her , a stamp of his ownership , a tactile reminder that she had let her fear drag this out too long .
taking a deep drag , he said , `` regan , something strange is going on here in this house . ''
`` well , you can keep ignoring it , because that 's clearly working for you , '' chris said sarcastically , before taking another drag on his cigarette .
he 'd never taken that much pleasure just from watching , and even though he was more than ready to sink inside all that giving warmth , he wanted to taste her first , drag her under until she was so hot and so ready for him she begged .
one-handed , she started to drag a dining room chair over to the plate rack .
if she retreated to her bedroom again , he was going to either howl in frustration or just beat down the door and drag her out a la king kong .
danny put on the brakes , using those massive farmer arms to drag the cart to a stop .
he was going to drag the pleasure out like chewing gum , long and taut .
they did n't let women drag dogs out into rainstorms .
so he stepped back and forced himself to drag in some fresh air and get a grip on his hormones .
why drag judges and lawyers into it ? '
i want polgara 's half - and i am going to get it , even if i have to drag it out of her . '
then , when anrak , kamion and i drag the cultists before you and present the case against them , no one can accuse you of having been in on our scheme from the very start .
i strongly resisted my impulse to chase ontrose down and drag him off his horse .
just to show him what i think of it , i think i 'll drag it through the mud for a while .
there 's going to be a new king on the throne in drasnia soon , and drosta should be concentrating on some new trade agreements , but his advisors ca n't drag him out of the brothels long enough to even meet with the drasnian trade envoys . '
the moments seemed to drag .
i do n't want him all twisted into a pretzel when i drag him through the tunnel . '
'he splashes a great deal , but he manages to drag himself through the water .
'it 's always best not to drag out the farewells .
'not unless you drag it out . '
'clever , ' the eunuch said , 'but why not just cut bushes and drag them behind us ? '
let 's not drag this out .
just do n't drag it out too long .
the negotiations can drag on and then fall apart later on . ''
the emissary from mal zeth 's been meeting with him in an upstairs room there- that 's when drosta can drag himself away from the girls . ''
when the hound reared up on his hind legs to drag the eunuch from his saddle , sadi coolly hurled the powder full into the animal 's face .
she began to drag her captive back toward the others .
`` let 's go get that grolim and drag him up here , '' garion suggested .
`` rap him on the head with something , then drag him a few miles out onto the plain .
the only reason for power is to be able to use it to destroy your enemies , and it 's particularly enjoyable to be able to drag them down from a height before you destroy them .
what i 'd really like to do , though , is drag him face down over red-hot coals for a few weeks . ''
'wild horses could n't drag it out of us , dolmant , ' emban grinned .
this may drag out for quite some time . '
it may drag on for years .
i 've heard that wolves and things like that always drag down the smallest when they attack .
time and distance seemed to drag on interminably as they rode west .
`` let 's drag these into the bushes , '' sparhawk said .
it would be a simple matter to drag that information out of him .
when krager goes by , we can drag him into the alley and have our little chat in private . '
'no , ' sparhawk replied in an anguished tone 'they want to drag me back and force me to marry her . '
'torture will not drag the word from my lips . '
`` if your sister 's sitting on her throne some morning and several of her priests drag the body of her favorite underling into her throne room to show her that somebody-or some thing-slipped into her temple and butchered her head priest , she 'd go to pieces .
i was more than a little surprised when i saw the size of the rocks a dozen or so horses could drag across the ground .
`` what would you say that shaggy one whose hands drag on the floor might be ? ''
there are several other meadows nearby , but the one just ahead is closer to our camp , so if we take a few deer there , we wo n't have to drag them so far .
it took the two of them until almost noon to drag the heavy deer back to their camp , and then they went through the tedious process of skinning the large buck-deer .
`` we kill them and then drag the carcasses back up to the border and leave them there .
`` when it 's all over , are we going to drag the dead ones over to the edge of matakan territory so that they can rot and stink up the air in the land of the atazaks ? ''
we do n't really know just exactly where we 'll be fighting this war anyway , so there 's a fair chance that we 'll have to sail off to some other part of this region , and it 'd take quite a while to drag the sailors back to their ships if we were to just turn them loose . '
i 'll put her in a cloth pouch , lower her down to that shining yellow sand and drag her back and forth a couple times .
the hours seemed to drag by so slowly that each night on watch seemed to last for a week or more .
`` veltan 's probably the only one who 'll be able to persuade his sister to do what she 's supposed to do , and if we all just sit here and refuse to move , he 'll have to go find zelana and drag her back here .
you 'll go even if i have to drag you down to the ship and tie you to the mast until we get there . ''
`` now you propose to drag me lengthwise through the whole soggy , stinking expanse of them .
do n't let your exuberant young companion drag you into something that 's none of your business . ''
ce'nedra was hysterical , and garion had to drag her to the tents .
for a moment cassie was afraid that dani would n't speak , and that they would need julian to drag the answers from her , but she finally did .
julian 's voice was gravelly , harsh with his disappointment about not being able to drag the answers he wanted from derek .
frustration filled devon , he wanted nothing more than to grab hold of julian , drag him from here , and demand to know what he had learned .
he was exhausted , all he wanted was a warm shower , and a few minutes of sleep before he had to drag himself into the ridiculous institution of high school once more .
it took everything he had not to drag her against him to soothe and comfort her .
even if it meant that he had to drag her from this town and risk earning her wrath .
let alone drag herself into the school that despised her .
between the three of them it did not take long to drag the bodies into the woods and hide them within the shadowed interior .
love shimmered in them before death rose up to drag her back into its overwhelming depths once more .
but he did n't see , and he wondered why he did n't go after her and drag her back here kicking and screaming .
he wanted to crush her to him , wanted to drag her from here and shelter her from everyone and everything .
he could track her through her precious woods , seize hold of her , drag her back here , and lock her in a room for the rest of her miserable life .
`` i know there 's no public displays of affection , '' sam said as he buttoned his jeans , `` but if it gets too bad , do n't be surprised if i drag you into a closet and tug those trousers down . ''
he inhaled deeply in an effort to drag the fragrance of her deep into his lungs .
fargo will find some poor woman and drag her back ... '' `` rape her , '' rose said .
there were no whispers to taunt and torment her , no tunnel sucking her in , no black oily void to drag her under and suffocate her .
she did n't ask questions , but stayed on her belly , easing her body backward , searching with her toes for a purchase in the dirt to help drag her into concealment .
he kept his hand curled around his weapon , not speaking , not interrupting the reunion , when he really wanted to drag her against him and make her notice him .
the air exploded out of her lungs and she kicked her way to the surface , her head bursting through the oily sludge , gasping for air , screaming , fighting as hands tried to drag her back down .
her nervous plucking at the sheet was making him want to drag her into his arms and rock her .
he lay in her sheets and rolled around before hopping up to drag open the dresser drawers .
she collapsed against him , falling onto his chest as he fought to drag air into his bursting lungs .
the woman was n't walking , so saber had no choice but to half carry , half drag her .
ben took another drag of the cigarette , pulled it from his mouth and stared at the red tip .
desperate , she fisted her hands in his hair , trying to drag him over her , to blanket her .
he tugged on her hair , tried to drag her up , but even as he did , his h*ps surged forward , forcing his c**k against her soft , satin lips .
`` you drag him to the bar just to keep him civil , do n't you ? ''
he fisted his hands in her hair to drag her head back , wanting to devour her , his tongue sweeping into her mouth , teeth tugging at her lips , and all the while he deliberately pressed his hard c**k against her wet channel .
gator tried to drag air into his lungs , but there did n't seem to be a sufficient supply .
they followed the drag marks in the mud .
gator fought to drag air into his lungs as he stared at her , fighting back the need to just overrule her decision .
it took time to drag himself out of the thick mud around the surface .
eventually you 're going to go down and then i 'll just drag your ass through the swamp . ''
she did n't know if she wanted to fight him off of her , or drag him closer .
`` at least you would n't have had to drag me along with your pack and rifle . ''
he threw himself onto the floor and reached up to drag calhoun off the bed .
jubal caught at joie and tried to drag her backward , away from the wounded man .
fen took the time to drag her into his arms and hold her tight against him for just a moment , breathing in her sweetness and steel after the bloodlust and mayhem in marrock 's poisoned mind .
both boys were game , paul pushing himself up enough to drag his body forward as josef rolled over and came to his feet , staying low and zigzagging as he ran toward paul .
with the addition of three deadly silver swords , the lycans fell back , trying to drag their wounded with them .
the female tried to drag herself to cover , yelping in pain each time she attempted to rise .
`` was it his usual practice to drag dead bodies out of his lab ?
the claws dug into branislava and the demon fought with her , attempting to drag her down the tree trunk to the icy cold below .
xayvion felt angry spirits reaching for him , locking clawed , greedy fingers into his spirit in an attempt to drag him into the realm where they waited helplessly for xaviero to send them into the realm of dark hopelessness .
`` yeah , we had to drag him in here .
but he would have preferred duncan drag someone else on his errand .
jet lag has truly wiped me out , i decide as i sit up and stretch , then drag myself from the small couch .
while they were occupied , harmonia pivoted and rushed around , grabbing the mortal and attempting to drag him with her back to her side of the stadium .
with that , she and her sisters used their remaining strength to drag the moirae with them into the yawning , black tunnel .
he 'd never felt as though the pool was sucking him in or meant to drag him down .
she rammed her knee into something sharp and metal , felt it gouge and drag over her thigh .
the kiss was long enough that it caught at her breath , so that when he released her , she had to drag in a deep gulp of air .
but another powerful drag pulled him back , sending him sprawling onto his spine , head whipping back hard onto the stones .
for the first time that night she read the message there , and it made her want to step away ... or drag him back for more .
i feared she might drag me from my seat to yours if i did not find my own way quickly enough . ''
her long medieval sleeves would drag the floor when her arms hung at her sides ; but now , as she had them raised in delight , the flowing cuffs served only to wrap themselves around eustacia and then max , in turn , as wayren embraced each of them .
ben swallowed bile as he watched a dark-haired male drag simone 's body toward that freshly dug grave .
`` tell me , please tell me that you did n't drag me into the u.s. '' `` yeah , you 're welcome .
`` now let 's go and drag that bitch into the sunlight . ''
`` then i 'll make sure when they drag me ... '' sam did n't feel even a flicker of fear .
i suppose beelzebub can drag you there .
`` i was ... '' he cleared his throat and managed to drag his gaze off her br**sts .
`` when you 're both dressed , drag your asses downstairs , '' pate said , the words an order from unit 's director .
smoke from the burning body started to fill the space , choking them until one of them got smart enough to drag his former friend free by his feet .
he tried to drag me out of the room by my hair , but i dug my heels in , trying not to pass out from the pain shooting down through my skull .
i wedged the bike pedal making contact with the ramped surface into a small hole , keeping the trailer from being able to drag the bike down to the bottom .
the elevator door slid open and she started to drag dante inside .
the woman was actually trying to help drag him out of the building .
`` i-i ca n't leave rhett- '' `` leave on your own , '' ryder told him , his tone lethal , `` or i 'll have my vamps drain you and drag your limp body out of this town . ''
eve let them drag her away , but she could n't take her gaze off thirteen .
eve took cain 's hand , and the move surprised him so much that he let her drag him from the shop .
she was n't going to leave him there , even if all she could do was drag his body away from this hellhole .
telling her to drag her butt into the station because they were short a reporter .
`` well , sleeping beauty , if you can manage to drag your ass down to the station- '' his back teeth clenched .
go get him and drag him down to your station , if that 's what you want . ''
he managed to drag his eyes away from the too-tempting swell of her cle**age .
and the coyotes hurried forward to drag them away .
`` drag him back after .
because he 'd drag her out , and when he did , he 'd find rafe .
you try to do something nice for someone , like oh , drag a guy 's butt out of the fire , and as payment , he bites you .
her br**sts pressed against his chest and she freed his hands , the better to drag her fingers through his hair and hold his head so she could take .
`` guess i get to be the one to drag your sorry butt inside , huh ? ''
`` option one , '' she snarled , `` i kick your ass and then watch you drag your sorry carcass out of l.a. and you stay away from my cops . ''
`` you do n't seriously think , '' alerac continued , letting his disgust show , `` that you can drag your carcass in here , after what you 've done , and get blood from jane ? ''
i drag the back of my hand across my mouth and then fall on my side , heart pounding beneath my gray wet suit .
there are only a few lingering surfers when i pull up , and i drag my board across the sand .
`` why did you drag me out here ?
i nod and drag a chair to his bedside .
coming to stand in front of shaya , nick fought back the urge to reach out , drag her to him , and take what was his .
my mom was unconscious , but someone in a passing car stopped and managed to drag her out .
and now he was battling the urge to go over there and drag her away from the other guy .
i let you drag me around the mall , and i hardly moaned at all . ''
`` i do n't think i have to point out that if you drag this out , this is going to continue for a while . ''
`` do n't get me wrong , i 'm hoping you ignore me , because then i 'll have the perfect excuse to drag you out of here by your hair and proceed to smack the shit out of you .
he groaned as her muscles tightened around him , trying to drag him deeper .
if you want me to stop '' - he began to slowly drag his c**k out of her body , wanting her to feel every inch of him - `` all you have to do is say so . ''
not wanting to admit that it did look kind of fun , trey simply shrugged and gave a long suffering sigh as he allowed her to drag him with her to join the queue .
his deliciously spicy , masculine scent swirled around me , making me want to drag him to our bedroom and have my wicked way with him on the king-size bed that we 'd moved here from his old apartment .
but he always '' she stopped as cristiano took her arm and began to literally drag her back to their table .
jared swung his arm out to grab her , but then two of covington 's vampires came to drag him away .
i gasped when he lightly bit my earlobe before whispering , `` if we did n't have this meeting , i 'd drag you into our office and f**k you on my desk . ''
once i was back at my own spot against the northern wall i let a moment of silence drag on .
but when jared tried to drag me along behind them i resisted and shook my head .
the little onos fought him , working togothor to drag him back from the approaching lino of killing sun -- just in timo , yanking up a sidowalk vont grato and pulling him , clawing , down into the undorground .
i figured i had about two minutes before the wood sprite came and busted down the door to drag me out of here .
i grabbed finn 's elbow , ready to drag him back into the trees with me .
that had to be a total drag for fae like tim , everyone looking at you like you were some kind of terrorist or something .
frustrated with their uncoordinated chivalry that inadvertently knocked me to the side , i grabbed becky 's hand to drag her along and make sure she did n't get left behind .
norian was determined to drag me away from le-ath veronis .
`` then why drag me into this ?
shadow had also come to see this for himself and was giving me his best grin as we watched the new arrivals drag their luggage toward waiting public transportation .
he was about to drag a vampire in and have an interrogation .
it was my plan to take away the detonator and drag the human toward wlodek so he 'd have control of the would-be bomber , but even i was n't expecting what happened .
you do n't have to drag me . ''
it was hard , but i managed to drag myself to the top of the guesthouse , which was taller than the beach house by at least six feet .
and so he 'd swum , ditching his heavy breastplate , his helm , his chain mail-all the things that wished to drag him down so the foul water could fill his lungs and silence his heart .
and now it was here , ready to drag him away like a stolen bag of gold .
the car slowed , the front end tilting upward a bit to catch some drag .
a guard stood there , chewing gum lazily , his gun out-that was what he 'd used to drag across the metal bars .
`` to bring him here , without a word of permission , without so much as a warning , to drag us into your quarrels with the lannisters ... `` `` my quarrels ? ''
ned began to drag himself through the mud , gritting his teeth at the agony in his leg .
distantly , as from far away , dany heard her handmaid jhiqui sobbing in fear , pleading that she dared not translate , that the khal would bind her and drag her behind his horse all the way up the mother of mountains .
`` i can have ser meryn drag you up , '' he said .
`` their beauty will make them more pleasing to r'hllor , '' melisandre said when she told stannis to pull them down and drag them out the castle gates .
now the old man has to drag her out of the kitchen , and no one to blame but hisself .
all morning she watched the bloody mummers strip the dead of their valuables and drag the corpses to the flowstone yard , where a pyre was laid to dispose of them .
khal drogo 's kos led khalasars of their own now , and none of them would hesitate to attack her own little band on sight , to slay and slave her people and drag dany herself back to vaes dothrak to take her proper place among the withered crones of the dosh khaleen .
giant tried to drag him to his feet , but he was too heavy .
they passed five men trying to drag a dead horse from the mouth of an alley , and elsewhere a juggler spinning knives through the air to delight a throng of drunken tyrell soldiers and small children .
one man was killed by a great pale lizard that reared up out of the dark water to drag him off by the leg , but when next ripples were spied ser jorah butchered the beast with his blade .
`` he lost a wager , said we 'd need to drag you out squealing from beneath some bed . ''
would you have me drag a sickly child into the midst of such carnage ? ''
`` if m'lady can talk him out of bed nice , '' the knight said , `` i wo n't have to drag him out . ''
daven proposed that they drag it all to raventree and use it there .
if he could drag himself fifty yards , they could not get him .
`` we used to drag the dead down into the cellars .
when the tale reached lord ramsay , he sent his bastard 's boys to seize the man and drag him out into the snow .
it took six brazen beasts to pull them apart and drag them from the hall .
if the queen should bolt or balk , the three hags would drag her back inside , and this time they would see to it that she never left her cell .
`` i drag you from the stars-from where you belong . ''
he raised a hand and i tensed , but all he did was drag it through his mass of waving curls .
and as i followed ren to his truck , i no longer knew what was more dangerous to me-the fae or ren , because both had the power to drag me under .
he took a deep drag on the cigarette , feeling a pleasant buzz that enhanced the alcohol , which had already made him light-headed .
are you some kind of bounty hunter sent by my mother to drag me home ? ''
this was enough to make lucian drag his eyes from mae .
but do n't drag me into your philosophies .
`` think you can drag yourself away ? ''
will you really drag me back like a prisoner ? ''
`` drag me down ? ''
between wolfe and me , we managed to drag the frozen forms out before the building came down .
millard yelped , and then he stripped off the overcoat he 'd been wearing and scrambled back outside to cover the drag marks our boats had made ; from the sky they 'd look like arrows pointing right to our hiding place .
all i had to do was drag the trunk down the hall and push it over .
i do n't drag it out much anymore . ''
immediately she began to pull at us , to drag and push us down the path toward town , yelling so frantically in her thick irish accent that none of us could understand .
she was afraid of what might happen if he awoke before her one morning and saw her without her glamour , and she was tired of using her gift to drag him into a deep unconsciousness every night .
so she hurled the two pelts , and as soon as the beast 's long arm groped through the balusters of the bridge to seize them and drag them down , she took to her toes and ran .
`` if yer father ever found a library like that we 'd never drag him out of it ! ''
liraz had heard it said that there was only one emotion which , in recollection , was capable of resurrecting the full immediacy and power of the original-one emotion that time could never fade , and that would drag you back any number of years into the pure , undiluted feeling , as if you were living it anew .
razgut affected a sigh and began to drag himself slowly , laboriously , toward the door .
she wants to drag him through the portal with her and never let him go .
you ca n't drag the curtain back .
they drag me up the stairs .
i drag myself to my feet .
the inquisitors lower their swords and drag me to my feet .
but then i heard about your pending execution-i saw them drag you out to the square .
the prisoner is a few yards from the last post-he starts to drag himself on his elbows .
what if i just drag you back to my dad right now ?
a few seconds drag by .
twelve minutes drag by .
they drag me to my feet .
then the patriots will drag him out of his jeep and shoot him .
more minutes drag by .
it takes all my remaining strength to drag myself onto the street .
then they cuff him , blindfold and gag him , and drag him into one of the waiting jeeps .
he tries to lift a hand to point at his eye , but the chains clank together and drag his arm back down .
they drag me kicking and shouting back to my cell .
the seconds drag on .
several soldiers drag a struggling boy out into the center of the yard .
i drag myself toward the open door of the bathroom before i remember what warner said about my clothes .
`` now come , you ungrateful little drag queen ; they are waiting for us at the airport .
my fingers graze and drag along anonymous skin .
i drag in air desperately , and he smiles .
i lift my eyes to his , and his gaze pierces through me as i drag that last item of clothing down his hips , too .
the scruff on his face has thickened even more overnight , and i have to resist the urge to drag my fingers across it .
like leap over the coffee table , throw her over my shoulder and drag her into the kitchen where i can pay her back for that kiss on the cheek .
i drag my fingers just below the bottom of her bra , and she kisses me harder , one hand clutched at my neck , and the other braced tight against the steering wheel .
i kiss her pulse point and then drag my teeth against her wrist .
rather than answering , i drag the head of his cock down the center of me until he 's positioned outside my entrance .
how long can i drag up the pain and write about it before i forget how to push it back down when i 'm done ?
her fingers drag through my hair , holding me tight .
i pick up her other hand and drag it up to wrap around my neck .
`` that 's why i was so late ; i made the clerk drag out every map of the highlands they had . ''
i had no consciousness of rage or any other emotion ; i simply knew , with no shadow of doubt , that i could-and would-shatter the window with my hand , and drag the man out through it .
but i 've no right to drag him and his family into my own . ''
still , he waded in and grabbed the gunwale , helping rogers to drag the boat up onto the sand .
if i have to drag them up here , i wo n't be best pleased , i warn you . ''
the cow in question , a rawboned shaggy beast with a wild eye , proved both elusive and obdurate , and it took the combined talents of all three men to capture it and drag it to the road .
the mob seemed good-humored ; he supposed they did not mean to drag the doctor out for a dose of tar and feathers , this being a notable form of public entertainment , or so he had been told .
the feel of the wood under his hand was eerily familiar ; he 'd lifted it without thinking , at the spot where it was always inclined to drag on the path .
`` did ye drag me free ? ''
or did someone drag you inside against your will ? ''
yes , i bloody did need assistance ; i could n't drag my surgical repairs out much longer .
one militiaman reached the fallen officer , seized him by the legs , and began to drag him away toward the church , perhaps with the notion to take him prisoner , perhaps to get him help ... ... a british soldier threw himself upon the american , who stumbled backward and fell , loosing his hold on the officer .
when she took a drag , i could see she was smiling a little .
trenton crossed over to her and grabbed the back of her jacket-his jacket , he realized , which he 'd left at her house last night-too angry even to be impressed by the fact she 'd managed to drag the ladder all the way from the greenhouse .
each time i would try to push away the most bothersome memories in favor of the more pleasant ones , they would claw their way back to the surface of my mind and drag me back down into what felt like the depths of despair .
it was getting harder and harder to drag myself through the days knowing that i probably would n't see him , and it was getting harder and harder at night to believe that it really was him that i was smelling in my room .
wild horses could n't drag me away .
little by little , i felt energy , feeling , life , return to my body , but as it did , an overwhelming need to sleep began to drag at my eyelids .
since i was a child , i felt as if i were n't alone , like someone or something was in the water with me , waiting to drag me into oblivion .
tipping my chin back as far as i could , i managed to drag in a gulp of air , which only made me cough and sputter .
the earth opened up in two huge cracks , running alongside me on my left and right , heading for fahl , threatening to swallow her , to drag her to hell .
i 'll just drag it along when i 'm not actively fighting . ''
i crashed into it and floundered , swallowing water , trying not to let the pain in my side drag me under .
my weight on him as i used the sword as leverage to drag myself from the ooze must have been unbearable , and he shrieked in pain and his eyes rolled back in their sockets .
`` i did n't mean to drag you into this .
altair was staring at it , finding it difficult to drag his gaze away .
they stood there laughing as he desperately tried to drag himself away from them along a footpath .
ezio did n't know then that it would be a conflict which would drag on for many , many months , indeed , into the following year .
the suspicions could drag your brother down as well .
and a pair of hands slap themselves over seth 's mouth from behind and drag him off his feet .
she coughs and takes another drag , leaning one hand on the counter in what seems like nearly debilitating relief .
`` okay , then , '' regine says , taking one more drag , then stubbing the butt out on the counter , pulling out another to light up .
on the ground i see drag marks where the girl must have pulled the bodies out of the crash and brought them here .
i step towards him and he tries to crawl away but i grab him by his long white ankle and drag him off the rocks back onto the ground and he 's making this horrible keening sound and i ready my knife .
i flip over one of the baskets , drag it over to where the road overlooks the river and sit down on it .
selfish girl and the lives of thousands and let a child drag us into war and all kinds of even ruder things in his noise lashed at me every time i got near him .
we 're all wondering if you intend to drag this corpse all the way to the yellowstone . ''
actually , it was n't a crawl so much as a scooting sort of drag .
when they finished it took three trips to drag the hides back to camp .
chuck took a drag on his cigarette and shook his head .
if a girl is dressed as a boy , is it still called drag ?
theyre all talking about cukors new movie , with hepburn prancing around in drag and cary grant panting after her like the deviant pedophile he probably is .
help your brother drag them bastards out somewhere behind the barn and bury em he then turned to the rest of the family .
lets drag this damned fool over to the jail before he comes to , he told aaron .
i heard they can be a drag .
not surprisingly , this blatant type of persuasion had little or no effect on the people he was trying to drag out of bed .
i could hardly drag her back kicking and screaming .
there 's still plenty more to go , and taking a long drag from his cup , he continued , proferring , i suppose that we should start with this .
galileo stopped to shake his hand , hoping to converse with him , but pinelli continued to drag him about the room , introducing him to the entire group one by one .
she took yet another long drag from her coffee , then continued , announcing , its your fault , you idiot .
should she take grant by the hand and drag him forward , make the announcement and let them tear him to shreds ?
let 's hope she does n't drag gareth down in the dumps with her ! ''
and now the wakefulness he 'd tried so hard to reach was starting to drag him away .
and oliver - `` he stopped himself and took a long drag from his pipe .
if you should try to drag her into this in any way , know here and now that i will consider it a personal insult and deal with the matter accordingly .
if it can latch onto you , it will drag you down .
hades crawled at the ground , desperate to drag himself away .
feeling herself cower inside , she pulled keladeine close and wondered what dreadful fate they sailed toward , if the outcome would come swiftly or drag for days .
lilly adopted a mock american accent , taking a drag from her cigarette in the corner of her mouth .
and always wantin to drag me off to some job or othersaying she could see me app appr apprenticed ?
well , she reasoned , its a lot of work , and i need to get homeand anyway , in a few days ill just drag them all out again , so why bother ?
though her body was on fire , she tried to drag a heavy armoire over to serve as a barricade .
'they are binding him ; they are going to drag him away , ' cried d'artagnyn to herself , springing up from the floor .
cried milord , trying to drag the young man along by the arm .
i can drag your burden as well as mine .
your father would pursue us , and when he found us , he would have his warriors drag you back to mordarach .
it took all three of us to drag it open .
hoelun liked his two wives who had to drag him up to fight , sisterly wives , one a fund of wisdom and the other a mistress of the sword , who held the story together .
he lit one and took a long drag off of it before exhaling .
conor looked down and took another drag on his cigarette .
he put the glass down and took another drag on the cigarette .
he could go no further and she had no more energy to carry or drag him .
you know , she said softly , when brian died , some people were worried that i would be a drag on the settlement , an aging widow .
i practically had to use thumbscrews to even drag the location of the battle out of him .
friday 13 may 1814 a ( small ) miracle has occurred : i actually managed to drag my cousin anne out of the house again today .
the numbness had turned to hysterics and she felt so out of control , tommy had to practically drag her along the road .
for had he not during those weeks before his birthday begun to see her more as a drag on his success than a partner in life ?
and already the two guards were hauling the prisoner up between them , shouldering me aside to drag him to his feet .
only a moment , but time enough for merlin to seize hold of vortigern and drag him backwards , the blade of his sword at vortigerns throat .
ahasver , the crucial thing is to catch him , drag him into court and punish him for causing the riots in the temple .
and close those big eyes before i drag you onto this table and ravage you .
i had to drag hard to remove the hungrier ones .
the words drag out from alberts mouth .
later , it takes two hacks about ten minutes to drag him out of bed , into the shower , and slap him awake .
it had been stupid for david to drag her out here to meet tim .
they keep the old place clean and try to find occasions to use it , like a ceremonial uniform that one of those old colonial governors might drag out of the wardrobe every now and then to see what damage the moths have done .
douglas caught his breath , why did nat have to drag that up again ?
he covered a laugh as he watched jessie slither to her knees trying to drag the huge dog away .
jessie could n't drag her into the boat ; she was too heavy .
they could jump off their canoes a few feet from shore , and drag or carry the canoe up over the rocks and onto the shore .
then we tie the two canes to this wire support so that the grapes will not drag on the ground and will be easier to pick in the fall .
guises men drag colignys body out where the gathering mob can see it , cut it into pieces and throw it into the seine .
i nodded , which was a mistake , because my mother was still trying to drag a comb through my hair .
hixson could see that the dog had tried to drag herself to the cabin , not making it .
looks like well want to drag the river near the bridge on fullerton , dan said .
as pike packed away pas earnings , he pretended some concern , pushing to drag the youngster to a town nearby and dump him on folks there , finally accepting antons scorning refusals then leaving only after anton ordered him out several times .
the royal officers posted guards around the pavilion against curious citizens or a jackal eager to drag off a well-salted limb irrespective of the hosts divinity .
since it was now clear that the war will drag on for a good while father began stabilizing his court .
he would never drag huge sandstone blocks from the quarry to the building-site .
your sins will drag you down into the well of darkness .
your own sin will eventually drag you down into the deepest hell as there is no good in you to lift you up .
saint john managed to drag the statue of saint peter further to the middle point to the horror of brother george .
despite the placating tone of her voice , i could tell she was using all her strength to drag jack away .
with this renewed threat now having been brought to bear , they checked the hand-drawn map , climbed aboard their respective wagons and horses , and set out with becky and liz now riding in the wagons , and seth and sam riding drag about thirty to forty yards behind the procession .
these prisoners of yours are a damnable drag on our progress and lochiel has even more from the garrison at kilcumein , apprehended on their way to inverlochy .
soladair and another began to drag the ladder up behind them .
he slashed at the hemp that tried to drag him into a mishmash of splintered wood and canvas , and stubbornly it parted .
then why did ruiz use me to drag the high spots out of your bumpy road ?
he picked up the light end of the massive stock , and marveled at the fact that the man had been able to drag it over half a mile .
i can ride , he complained loudly as they began to drag him behind the herd .
the added drag of all the sea water in the boat and the broken mast , whose sails were hanging over the side into the water , caused the ferry to slowly turn into the waves .
not a man stepped forward , so general washington let the uncomfortable silence drag on for a while as he sat on his charger , facing the men and making eye contact with several of them .
the survivor takes a long drag .
davenport pauses for a slow drag of his cigarette .
i drag ryan to the back and try to lift him onto the wagon .
he asks , taking a drag .
i let the other soldiers snicker and drag my name through the mud .
he takes a long drag .
the second boat was now much more sluggish in the water as the crew tried to drag their drowning companions from the water .
normally it was all he could do to drag his legs into bed and pull up the covers .
all i have to do is follow the drag marks .
nor did he register stilton 's clawing hands unbuckling his straps so that the two men could drag his limp body out of the aircraft .
afterward , john , henry and freddy pretended to attack kelthorne and drag him off the stage much to the great amusement of the audience .
i know a nice little bar the marines go to right off the main drag though . ''
boris and georgy begin to drag the bodies of our two attackers outside and across the yard .
`` you going to allow him to drag you down with him , rick ? ''
because i managed to ( a ) show up every day , ( b ) pass drug tests , and ( c ) not drag my personal life into work , such as divorce , single parenthood , or friends getting $ 200 worth of meals on me , i had worked my way up to manager of the southington macdonalds .
he relit the stogie , took a big drag , and blew the smoke toward the ceiling .
he started to drag an unconscious man free of the cage .
you cant drag the children around to be used like pawns in your game , she continued .
`` a drunk tries to drag you through the bars of a jail cell and you do n't make a peep , yet you squeal like a stuck hog when a puppy tries to make friends with you , '' turtle joked .
it vibrated from the heartbeat of its owner as gravity attempted to drag it to its inevitable end .
he glanced at deschler , who was taking a long drag on his cigarette , then back to herr bauer who had begun a search of his jacket pockets .
if i must drag you by your hair , you are coming with me !
philips arrival breathed an air of revival into the crusading armies , but this was not sustained long as the siege continued to drag on .
cornell put his foot on the first step to drag her upstairs , but the finality of the move jolted violet out of her helplessness .
the egyptians thought they were gods because they would roll up a bunch of turds and drag them into a hole , and seal it up tight .
hank reached forward and yanked the flask away from hawk , swigging down yet another drag before hawk could intervene .
he squeezed his eyes closed for a moment and released her hands to drag his fingers through his hair .
i drag my bags into the room and toss them on the bed .
you sound like really depressed and its starting to drag me down .
im panicking again now as i drag myself toward the hole .
they had been watching the freight office in shifts for three days now and the time was beginning to drag as they waited for another wagon train to be put together .
the man looked from side to side as he spoke , as if waiting for unseen assailants to drag him away in chains or take his head .
gagging and in a daze , jina helped drag the body to a pile of rocks at a bend in the ravine .
side streets empty on to this main drag .
sure we can , you know i have never been christmas tree hunting before , so im not supposed to know that were not allowed to take blaze to drag the tree back .
danl and rube hitch a couple of mules to the huge grinding stone lying over at the edge of the field and drag it back into the mill .
`` wyatt bass , it seems like you could fire up your own coffeepot , '' she complained , `` instead of having that kid brother of yours drag me out of bed in the wee hours to make coffee for you . ''
most of the way up here he had ridden drag , eating the thick clouds of dust from the cattle mile after mile , day after day , until everything he ate and drank had the faint taste of texas soil to it .
fanning out east and west of the main drag were residences , also mostly of brick .
as i walked there and back , i could see an increase in traffic on the main drag .
men came and helped the new arrival drag the boat onto the beach .
if she could possibly drag over the solid oak chest of drawers , however , that would do the trick .
he watched the pirates drag the french captain down the hatchway .
why drag the folks through all the traffic ?
the conversation began to drag somewhat .
they stood and pulled the deer onto a tarp made of tough hide , to drag it out of the thick brush and into a clearing .
the thuds were awful , threatening , and sarah thought she saw the leering , laughing , pock-faced monster leap out at her from the shadows , iron chains in hand , ready to bind her and drag her away .
she expected them to reach out like tentacles , grab her , and drag her away to somewhere she would never escape .
usually we are trying to drag them in .
but im not willing to drag mai and our child around the empire wherever it suits the army to send me .
i then drag my small trunk out and place my belongings into it so all is ready to leave the ship .
`` we 're not leaving you behind if i have to tie you up and drag you . ''
as for his mother , she was always talking about his father , but nothing she said made any sense ; she was either crying or raging , and she kept trying to drag up those memories that would n't come .
phersu-masked men lurked , green-faced and scowling , to keep order , or drag the injured off the field .
but he wanted his men to fight in tight formation ; war was no time for an achilles to spend his time seeking out one splendid hector to drag behind his chariot , it was time for the cavalry to accept orders .
just lie down and wait for worms to drag me underground . ''
teams of horses would drag the naked logs on sleds out of the forests and to eid , where the master ship-builder would chop them by eye-measure into the shapes of keels and stern-posts and bow-posts and ribs .
this was another of king lambi 's old raiding-tricks -- if they needed to get the ships away from the island quickly , men would pull the anchor-ropes and drag their ships to sea ; it was much faster than rowing .
the trees and bushes grew shadows and their shapes distorted and became in my mind sentinels of samlens army lurking out there , waiting to attack and drag me away to him .
chief detective , why drag jeremy voss into this ?
twas all th excuse boggs needed ta boot us out of missouri and drag our usbands off to that vile libety jail .
your summons was but a legal sham to drag me here against my will .
there are many reports concerning the movements of the mob ; who are making preparations for what they call a wolf hunt on the 26th and 27th of this month ; but the general apprehension is that they design coming and attempting to drag some more authorities of the church out to carthage to murder them .
i can only hope he doesnt drag too many others down with him .
must i go out and drag them in here myself ?
the few people we met , avoided our gaze completely , and hurried along their way , hoping that we werent going to drag them into gestapo headquarters for questioning .
the others had to drag galeren out of there , he was young and it was his first experience of battle .
one shouted in my ear , and they began to drag me through the crowd toward the other prisoners .
he seemed dazed by what had happened , but helped me drag the table to the end of the cellar under the window .
i got nicholas to help drag the table back over where the ventilator was , and to drape the matting over the top .
ezra took one more drag from his cigarette before carefully putting it out in the pine needles .
she assumed i would break down the door and drag you away .
we practically had to drag her back .
he simply wanted to win the bastards release as quickly as possible and drag him , dead or alive , back to rhuddlan .
between the two of them , they were able to drag phillip , a heavy and inert burden , away from the village and to where the horse was tethered .
amy had to practically drag him out of the house until she promised him the candy stick .
occasionally , he would push a captive out of the circle and some guards would drag the cull off .
he told how he and the rest of our lads what had survived the original plunge into the sea had struggled desperately to grasp something to cling to , only to repeatedly loose their grips on safety to return to the waters in attempts to drag othersmostly women and childrento safety .
not that groggy , half-wakened state when you drag your ass out of bed .
they intended to drag us out for an unannounced appointment with the executioner .
i lay on the ground bleeding and hurting everywhere and he was about to tie my hands and drag me away when thomi threw a rock at him .
ellie and david turned to see kevin , in perfect drag queen style , sashay his way down the stairs .
just before the tree was ready to topple over , billy got a specially made cart to easily drag back the tree .
couples began to burst into tears and drag their own confused children back inside as a second , larger but not full grown form was taken from the house and put into the back of an ambulance .
theyll drag me to church and have an exorcism on top of it .
he was all sam had now and he was sure as hell not going to let some insane people drag him away from his real responsibilities .
he walked out of the room and helped ann drag in bill .
she picked up something and began to drag it behind her .
the adrenalin was flowing again and i was getting ready to drag her as far as possible from the window .
the threads of depression threatened to bind her heart and drag her down .
upon waking she had forgotten the abductionher terrifying and potentially fatal drag through the nightbut all at once the memory came back to her and so did the fear .
except for the forty minutes it took luke to drag all of the components of lisa 's old bed up the stairs and into the sitting room ( he 'd put it in the attic later after jan said it was safe ) , luke spent the entire day in his room .
in reality they are almost silent , the only sound they make is the sound of their shuffling walk as they drag their feet through the grass or along the pavement .
we even went so far as to drag two of the zeds we wasted earlier , a male and female corpse , and placed them inside .
getting the layer of sand and soil off of it enough to drag the plywood aside took longer than i expected .
i give him back the tightly rolled little gadget , and he lights it , taking a drag and offering it to me again .
i pick up the joint and take a drag to get the dead flavor out of my mouth .
a minute later , he was using a winch to drag the fish bowls front tires onto a tow trailer .
marty took another long drag off his cigarette , and then tapped the ashes into the empty beer bottle .
she was about to drag him off into a clearing behind the trees - to obliterate his skull and burn him without the kids seeing .
when nearly an hour of trying passed , they finally managed to drag it out , but not before breaking the other trucks axel .
let them hole up , then just drag them into the sun .
lily , you didnt drag me anywhere .
mark was very , very unhappy with himself for allowing curiosity to drag him into this situation , and even more unhappy with his twin , who as usual was the root of the conflict .
she could drag him to her lair at any time in that apartment .
kristin took a long drag on the joint .
seriously , its a drag .
tina took a deep drag on the cigarette .
jesse took a drag on her cigarette and stubbed it out .
he took a deep drag from the cigarette and paced energetically for a moment before the man spoke .
it was no problem to drag the bastard to the garage .
id probably have to drag them both out come daylight .
he was almost asleep when you demanded that i drag him out here .
i own that my heart began to fail me when the time for action came so close , but i did not say anything , for i had a greater fear that if i appeared as a drag or a hindrance to their work , they might even leave me out of their counsels altogether .
shed never exhaled her last drag .
a tall , dark stranger with money and an accent ; a woman would literally drag such a man to her own hotel room !
detective tom took a deep drag and exhaled .
i suppose we could drag it out into the hallway and let it decompose out there , but that would mean opening the door and leaving the apartment .
their green eyes watched me very curiously when , unable to drag out the pretense of eating any longer , i produced a cigarette and sought a match to light it .
he started to drag the older man towards the front door , a piece of cold pizza still clutched in one hand .
we 'd carry out our original plan , which was to clean the mess up quickly and efficiently as possible , drag your corpses out to your car , drive it down to the ditch near kirsten 's uncle 's house , drive it off , and then go to a local diner to phone the cops , saying that our dates ditched us .
we have to drag him into richards tent .
a path cut through the dust , with one foot appearing to drag slightly with every step .
`` so that 's why you brought chuck norris and jackie chan extra muscle to drag me out of here if i did n't cooperate .
of the purpose of her seizure carter now felt very sure ; for clearly the slant-eyed merchant was an agent of the darker powers , eager to drag before her mistresses a mortal whose presumption had aimed at the finding of unknown kadath and the saying of a prayer before the faces of the great ones in their onyx castle .
gasping for air , pushing one foot in front of the other , using my hands to drag myself along the railing , i have lost track of time and space .
i mean , i hate to drag you into this .
fine , ill drag it out if you cover me .
harney began to drag me down them .
all of the drag marks across the town led to the base of that old tree .
in the middle of their discussion , they took a break to drag the cauldrons outside and hold them before the light of the moon it wasnt the waning crescent , but it was still moonlight .
the hot , swirling water does wonders for my sore body , and they practically have to drag me out of it after two hours .
i put my hand under his arms and drag him to the back wall and lay him in front of my father .
they were dead , and i lived ; their murderer also lived , and to destroy her i must drag out my weary existence .
jim wanted to simply drag the trunk back to the trash but as horrible as the collection was , he couldnt resist seeing it in its entirety .
it wasnt like id ruined my arm and would drag it around my waist forever , a crippled wad of crumpled bone and mangled flesh that would scare children and eventually inspire a teen slasher film .
once the pit was prepared , she attempted to drag him into it , but he was too heavy .
she had to drag me away because i was n't going to leave him on my own .
she never tried to drag him into the middle of it .
the most horrid screaming came over the radio , a high-pitched shriek that seemed impossible to drag out of a human throat .
got to really drag it up there , now .
he said a guy he worked with had to drag him inside because he was just going to stand there and burn up otherwise .
years later that same boy was confronted by a goblin who had seen him steal the package of gum and had come to drag him underneath the bed to the land of lost toys .
while he was there , he would drag amaya with him .
the county boys had a tendency to drag their asses when it came to plowing the roads anymore , and there would probably be a handful of wrecks before the night was over .
i wondered what they 'd do with me , if they were going to beat me up and leave me in a dumpster , or if they were going to drag my bound ass down to the police station .
she somehow found her voice , managed to drag it through her throat and squeezing his hand she cried out , `` whimly , whimly , what is it ? ''
tetloan 's power had kept the gate open just long enough for her to drag emily out of harm 's way , then the portcullis descended and they were locked inside the archenon with the rest of the refugees .
even gunt had managed to drag his lumbering form to the entryway .
they were not afraid some that that choice could drag them in the abyss of the desperation , you/they had decided to be free to whatever cost , and they now waited that fate disclosed them the developments of the paradoxical walk that had undertaken .
crossed the whole journey to an insane speed , almost pits the same gravity to drag him/it in that direction , beyond his/her same wish .
another frustrated drag on the cigarette had me choking and reeling crap , that was disgusting .
i did nothing to assist , and the clasp became an ungracious drag .
i used it and its urgency to lead me home , a path by which i might drag myself back into my bedroom and back into myself .
it seemed that pezzali knew whether to drag the discourse and helen , unaware and curious , it favored him/it .
and you/he/she had to have drag away unconsciously from the garden moving himself/herself/itself as an automaton for the rooms of the villa .
was it therefore the humanity of the monkeys to drag her/it toward the science ?
it was almost enough to drag him out onto the dance floor , and he didnt even like to dance .
she quickly lit it and took a long , satisfying drag .
he tried to pull free , but every inch of his flesh that had been pulled through the floor was now stuck within it , and the woman continued to drag him down .
he took another drag , as if trying to stall his admission .
im being honest when i say that i drag you down , alma .
he bent down and put his arms under terry as he started to drag her toward the bathroom .
he took another drag from his cigarette .
i think her exact words were something like , let all the glorious fallen rise and fight their living enemies , and drag them down into the grave .
restless nights made the sailors grumble and drag their feet .
and if you try to stop me , i will drag you through the courts and wash every piece of your dirty linen in front of the watching world .
a small army of immortals to drag us away .
another lucky thing turned out to be the shelving ; it reached up to about six feet from the ceiling ( five-and-a-half if you counted the level of dust up there ) , so it gave me something to stand on instead of having to drag around that damn ladder .
i cant buy your airline ticket for you , and i cant drag you screaming into the baton rouge metropolitan airport .
nice king henry leered and burped loudly but we managed to drag him outside .
he half expected driton to do something a little more dramatic like forcefully grab his arm and drag him back to hell in a fit of rage , not so much for doubting as it would be for his outburst .
swiftly , alex caught his slumping fall and hurried to drag and plop him in his cushioned swivel chair .
`` so ... you thought i was a zombie , with an axe , and this made you drag me towards you ?
susan cracked the door open , pushing down the heavy handle and straining to drag it open an inch .
to drag her into his prison , his hell that was argos , in the hopes she would somehow be delighted by it .
id never met montavez other than touching her mutilated corpse just long enough to drag her out of a dumpster , but somehow i knew she wasnt the kind who read books on a tablet .
did the general drag me out of bed this evening because he has ming the merciless locked up in a tool shed ?
he took a drag from his smoke and waved up at norrah .
lets drag our tired bodies up the stairs and take a look at our new digs .
when i step out the door that night to go to the slave quarters , my heart is so heavy that i drag myself forward .
it was not the kind of hand that would wrap around your throat and drag you screaming into the darkness .
would the trade die off out of fear , or would heavy metal bands book the park 's band stands , and drag thousands of vampire fans , gothics , and black lace metros to lancaster like the sheriff said ?
`` help me drag them off the road , '' eliott ordered .
he told them how to use the horses and ropes to drag cattle safely up the sides .
floodlights didnt come on ; police didnt swarm ; and satan didnt reach up from the pits of hell to drag me down to my damnation .
the drag of it was the two kids that hated my guts in a steaming pile were in biology .
his instinct was to pound the door flat , to kick it in and drag mitch into the hallway , but he knew better than to draw that kind of attention .
i sucked another drag off my cancer stick and regarded him for a moment , regretting my choice even before the words were out of my mouth .
with a heave i started to drag the body again , this time getting it all the way to the gate before considering a major flaw in my plan .
as i continued to drag myself across the parking lot , i wondered how things could have been different .
move it , val , he whispered , or i swear ill tie you up and drag you out of here .
he felt his feet drag the ground and his sandals groove the sand and he thought , i need to high-step it or im going to have problems , and then he had problems .
despite the realization , he kept his eyes on the burrow , fearful that something , regardless of size , might rush out and seize upon his leg , something long and sleek like a leech , something to wrap about his foot and drag him down to the mouth below .
or drag them back and stuff them in the wardrobe ?
she took a long drag and exhaled a cloud of smoke before offering me one .
i hacked again and took another drag .
belinda added as she took a drag of her cigarette .
i see ... paul let the last word drag out until the breath ceased coming from his lungs .
getting to help would be impossible if she had two hundred pounds of dead weight to drag along with her .
the weeping dan jackson was bound tightly , and jessie made them drag him out into the hallway .
quickly , drag them to the building and tie them up with this .
i took a drag off of the cigarette while i stared at him .
i took another drag on my cigarette .
instead i took a drag off of my second cigarette and held the nicotine in until i was sweating .
not two weeks into her senior year and she had the captain of the football team in naughty school-girl drag .
it was like no matter where she was trying to drag her mind , there was something cold and deadand invitingcalling to her .
why drag her all the way to this hexed house ?
i still dont know what i was thinking at that moment , but for some reason i decided to drag the two bodies into the bushes .
this time it was his lip that curled , but he hid it by shoving the end of the cigarette back into his mouth and taking a slow drag .
`` they invade my home without provocation , drag me in here , and turn loose a monster who wants a little fellatio .
she took another drag of her smoke and blew out a ring .
the next day at school seemed to drag on and on .
if ever i catch a glimpse of any such thing , it shall drag me to its home , be that where it may , or i will make it prisoner .
we think they do experiments on the ones they drag off .
the bones inside the frame expanded and closed like rotted fingers , reaching out from beneath the heavy press of a tombs slab as if to grab the hitman and drag him into a realm of spiritual bondage .
the water tried to drag angelo deeper into the slipstream , but he fought off the undertow with help from the dowels .
it would wait until the bus rolled out of sight , then drag itself from the woods and rub against his leg , begging to be stroked .
they drag me to the dark room and secure me to the wooden post .
lucy was trying to drag valerie away ; not away from cliff , but away from whatever it was jason couldnt see .
nigel handed him the joint and he took another drag .
lastly , grabbing the rope that connected the hooks , he began to drag the weighty vampire corpse over the ground behind him .
assured that it was dead , vasile stepped forward and placed the two hooks under the shoulders to drag it .
alex was still hollering in pain as fred and i each grabbed an arm and started to drag him away .
dont make me drag him in here with all of the daycare stuff lying around .
i nodded and let her drag me all the way to the very top .
fine , ill drag it outif you cover me .
amy took a final drag from her lip stick stained cigarette .
she screamed and it began to drag her across the floor .
it helped her cope , on those days when carolyn got so drunk that her nine year old daughter had to drag her off the kitchen floor and put her into bed .
youll have to drag my butt with her !
perhaps this is the part where you imagine i turn into a rescuer , that i bravely drag several of my fellow passengers to safety out of the burning wreckage .
the chopper lands and we half stumble , half drag each other towards it .
moving out of the niche , he put the fumarello to his mouth and took a long drag .
we turned off the main drag and down another road , still wide , that would take us to the hospital .
cayden fidgeted on the mantle , took a drag , and blew smoke up the chimney .
he took another long drag on his cigarette and blew smoke up into the night air .
nightingale took another swig of coffee , a bite of muffin and a last drag on his cigarette before crushing it out .
we need to get off the main drag , okay ? '
so , his mother said , taking a drag on her cigarette , you burned that house down .
he took a deep drag and blew it out slowly .
tomorrow they would drag the river ; boats , hooks , divers .
said paul as he lit a cigarette and took a short drag .
then hed drag the can to the edge of the chipped , concrete curb and dump the leaves onto the street .
she took another drag and said , when you get home from school today , id like to have a private talk with you about an issue thats somewhat serious and important to me .
caroline took a deep drag on her cigarette , producing a bright glow at the lit end .
paul leaned his body imperceptibly forward , looked marie straight in the eyes and said , or things that will burn you to a cinder and drag your soul through the halls of eternal damnation .
she wasnt strong enough to drag mrs. helstrom from her house and another attempt at killing a bird was as fruitless as the first .
one arm reached up and grabbed ski around the ankle , started to drag him down into the mess .
the main drag through the community , which ended in a cul-de-sac , held about twelve to fourteen geeks and a further six on the various front lawns .
the gate was really just a place where they kept a tractor and some chains posted so they could drag the buses open enough to load and unload gear and people .
i sat on the side of the bed and took a long drag , blowing the smoke into the air above .
the idea was that he would pull a hathcock and drag it behind him , inch by inch through the dead , and once on the other side of the valley , detach it from his leg , pop smoke to signal he was clear of the blast , and then hicks would blow the cord .
it was only after his first trembling drag of the blessed tobacco that he realized he was crawling with leeches .
but now now he barely had the strength to drag himself through the day .
why go to all the trouble to drag these things here and set them up like this ?
he knew the caller couldnt drag barbara and robby to a pay phone .
it was simple to then smash in their heads for extra safety and drag them in front of my house with the other bait .
i took a long drag off my cigarette and blew the smoke out slowly .
you know , i think this bag is getting heavier the longer i drag it around .
he took a long drag from his cigarette and exhaled through his nose .
she stood around 64 , and looked like someone dressed a bull in drag .
brett had parked a few feet from the carriage house and he had to practically drag gracie into the space that had held so much of a trauma for her , already .
even through the shirt he could feel the stink getting bigger , threatening to drag him down .
he felt his feet drag him forward another couple feet .
she heard another drag of weight above her head and jerked her eyes up , the phone still to her ear .
id just as soon drag a cart out to the square , said saffi .
abraham , beynor , and ebon worked to drag dessidus and the horse off into the weeds , and then used dirt to cover the blood in the hopes that the black riders wouldnt discover their murdered leader .
bill used his machete to drag it outside and push it out to sea .
the guards drag him off , spilling all of my food across the room as they do .
i hang on the name and drag it out in my hoarse voice for as long as i can .
i stroke her copper hair a second and drag her around me to face me .
and i drag my boiling body ever slowly to the opening not more than a hundred yards ahead of me .
if you drag him out of that cemetery , sooner or later hell infect you or somebody else .
they do not take the time to drag my parents from the vehicle .
as quick as a flash raj and lucy drag the wooden table in front of the door .
i would like to see frodis wife sigrid manage to drag him form that particular mead hall for a change .
the pecking creature was working furiously on his face and had partially dislodged the blindfold , he could see from the corner of his eye , the sea was filled with black slimy creatures all seemingly trying to drag the raft under , he felt water around his face , over his body .
between them they managed to drag the heavy old piece in front of the laboratory door , completely obscuring it .
someone continued to drag me further into the tunnel , and my prosthetic separated from my body .
a scraping sound alerted them to a crawler before they saw the creature drag itself in from the street a moment later .
however , they did see blood droplets and drag spots on one of the side walkways near the back of the home .
the mere touches of his fingers on her skin made her to drag him away to some secluded island .
thomas struggled to find an excuse to drag jacques chair along with them into the new office .
jack the ripper stole the headlines but for every woman he killed , five more were being slaughtered in and around the ghettos of irish and other immigrants and the police appeared to drag their feet .
as he readied himself , he heard the ghostly footsteps of someone walking with a haunting drag .
i figure whoever was out there would waste all the available mudheads and then drag em in here to keep the stink percolating .
we 'd better drag the canoe close to the tent , and be ready to start at a moment 's notice .
she took another drag on the joint .
he thought to use his stun baton and drag the man outside , but decided it was easier just to tell him what he wanted .
sebastian , she would drag back to nalisha .
then , if his father 's map was correct , he could climb up a garbage chute to get back to this level just before sebastian would reach the end of the road and have to disassemble the cart to drag it through the narrow side-tunnels .
the parachute will catch enough wind and create enough drag to slow us down .
ill drag him out .
i hook my foot around the leg and drag it over .
he went out with that ghost boy again , answered llorona , they supposedly went to have dinner then see another drag spook show .
carl chuckled , lifted the cigarette to his mouth , took a deep drag and then found himself blowing the smoke out , dropping the cigarette , and crushing it .
i saw you rot , hour after hour , and drag in your slow decline that one person , for me , synonymous with life .
he took a new drag on his pipe .
it would lunge out and drag albert into the darkness , tearing chunks out of him with its rotten teeth , eating him alive .
the backpack , now fully soaked , again began to work against albert , threatening to drag him down as he struggled forward .
now , if you will drag yourself back from that other world -- alice started to say .
maria was forced to drag the old lady back toward the living room and kept saying , be quiet , as the cats yowled and screamed while they were torn apart on her porch .
they get to go inside , drag them out , and throw them in the bus for a free ride .
not the original death at the factory or the bribe you gave his coworkers to drag that poor bastard out here to dispose of the body ?
the oneirophage explored his fortress until he was assured that phantasmagorika was strong enough to soar through the cosmos on its own , with the undead corpse of serpentikal to drag it through the interstellar voids and four pinions to control its speed and direction .
hands grabbed at him by the hundreds , trying to drag him down further , to capture him in their grasp and hold him underwater until the end of time .
chariah swung the tantradox sadistically through the air , then began to drag them inexorably upward .
so far most of their training sessions had ended up as drag races using the bulldozers and having the lieutenant yell at them for being a bunch of fuckups .
sarge had a couple of privates , hicks and hudson from first squad , who were standing around and gawking at the body , drag it off and toss it into the high grass off the side of the highway .
a sensation that he hadnt felt since he had learned of his best friends death in a car accident during one of their drag races .
ash took one of the cigarettes and lit it , taking a deep drag and coughed until his lungs managed to expel all of the offending smoke , as well as whatever other air they held .
a piano , no , the televisions were hard enough to drag across the roof .
billy took one final long drag , then put out his cigarette before following jason over to the stairs and back down into the store .
billy managed to drag himself out of bed at around nine thirty and the first thing that he did was to have a cigarette .
old scratch would have to drag him away from this mortal coil kicking and screaming .
bob was a tennis fanatic , and sometimes he managed to drag sven out onto the tennis courts .
all this time lorie was tugging at evans arm , trying to drag him away , but he was bigger than she was , and his body , set on staying in place , along with lories sudden lack of coordination , made it a losing battle .
the two southern gentlemen zombies were at the back of the undead group , their old legs struggling to drag on in time with the others .
backing away , the vegan took a trembling drag on his cigarette and cursed the carnivorous man , though he had to respect him more for going back for the cat .
i decided i would approach it feet first and belly down and drag the knapsack in behind me .
nick took another long drag on the cigarette and crushed it out .
she stopped part way into the mass of people , took a drag from her cigarette , and turned to look at nick with what he thought was either a dismissive smile or a femme-fatale come-on .
nick took a long drag on his cigarette and stared at the slow-forming crowd in the bar .
sarah asked , taking a quick drag on her cigarette and blowing the smoke out quickly .
tagget took a deep drag off his cigar and blew the smoke up into the brightening sky .
i was almost certain that one creature was the only danger here , but it was like i was eight years old again , and i was conjuring up goblins and ghosts and a thousand arms reaching out to grab my shirttail and drag me into hell .
then he began to drag himself out of me , and push himself into me , and the small waves of pleasure began .
teresa had managed to drag her husband out before he got himself arrested for assaulting a police officer .
i had to drag doyle away from her .
long enough to drag the floor .
`` i will drag you down , boy .
why drag it out ? ''
i actually hated her as i would hate another human being ; hated her for being in there , for trying to drag me to herself with cords of icy demand .
they fall over one another in their fury , clutching , grasping , desperate to drag him down and put an end to his insolence .
after that it will drag its demonic prisoners back to their own world and crudely dump them there .
and drag myself ever further up the tunnel , towards the promise of escape and life .
yeah , but i bet your wife doesnt drag you to parties where strange men will be taking off their clothes .
he seized tom partly by the scruff of the neck and partly by the collar of his shirt and began to drag him backward up the concrete ramp leading to the turnstiles , his eyes slitted almost completely shut against the enormous glare flowing from the center of the soccer field .
do n't let my mother drag you into this shit .
his useless scarecrow legs , so much dead weight , drag along behind him .
`` it could work , '' he said , `` but the cover ought to be a photo of you on your drag , here .
the first thing you 're gon na get when we hit town indicated that he did n't intend to drag him out of the car , blow his brains out , and bury him next to his scoot .
he saw steve and ralph drag the screaming woman off david .
the only thing that matters now is that i have flopped out of the frying pan and into the fire , and i 'd dearly love to drag myself clear before my ass gets burned any worse .
i did n't make no particular fanfare about it , but i was damned if i was gon na drag st george around behind me the rest of my life , like a can tied to a dog 's tail .
maybe i can find something up there to drag her on . '
he smoked rarely these days and the first drag made him feel light-headed , but the taste was wonderful .
most of the right ones were blurry , because i had a tendency to drag that foot , but setting out , even those had been clear .
you 'll be helping financially , and i hope your folks will understand that i had something to do with that- '' `` i hardly think this is the time to drag your goddam checkbook into the discussion ! ''
tom and wireman were alike in one way : both needed help and i could n't drag them to it .
she took a drag on her latest cigarette , then pointed the fingers holding it at me as she jetted smoke from her nostrils .
after that i drag you out whether you 're fainting , farting , or singing `` columbia , the gem of the ocean '' . '
her husband was on the floor , either dead or unconscious , and she was lying up here on the bed , thinking about what a drag it was that her lower arms and hands had gone to sleep .
ruth takes a big drag on her cigarette , then grinds it into the grass with one of tammy hough 's cork-soled sandals .
until , finally , she had been swearing to him that she would keep the secret forever , that torturers could n't drag it out of her with tongs and hot coals .
her hands had picked up a small but discernible shake , and she did n't want to burn herself when the cigarette was going , she took a deep drag , exhaled , stuck it in the ashtray , and returned to the mac .
the first time she attempted to drag herself back to open ground she could n't do it .
the mutants were weak , of course , and had not been able to drag any of the boulders to block their way .
i could n't imagine trying to drag my body down it .
the clown did not drag ade up on the far bank , at least not that he saw-and he would grant that he had been something less than a disinterested observer by that point ; by that point he had been out of his fucking mind .
victor took a drag , handed it back to belch , then pointed to where ben stood , now halfway down the steps .
trev yells , and starts to drag me along the wall .
she took a single deep drag from her cigarette and then snuffed it .
he found a drugs-and-sundries shop on the main drag that was still open .
richie put one of them in his mouth and when she lit it the first drag made him cough so badly that he handed it back to her .
the manshape laid hold of his leech-encrusted arms and began to drag him away toward the barrens .
he screamed and sat up , clutching his tingling hand to his chest , aware that a rat had just run over it ; he had felt the loathsome , plated drag of the thing 's hairless tail .
`` let 's see if she 's going to eat here in front of us , or if she 's going to drag the prey away . ''
almost like fingernail scratches - except no human could drag their nails through solid marble .
they drag their feet over the marks in the dirt left by the corrugated iron , masking the tracks .
i want to rush to it and slam it all the way shut , but i do n't dare step off the bed - afraid vein or artery might be lying beneath , waiting to snap at my ankles and drag me off into their world .
take my queen or drag things out - i do n't care anymore . ''
for a couple of moves he threatens my queen , but then i drag her out of the way and check him again , with a rook .
he could hold off leaving as long as possible , then drag gray out with him .
it required both of us to drag its leg off the girl .
down the stairs i would drag my weary bones , usually to the place i dreaded the most , the basement , where upon the stool i would prop my fatigued frame while he dictated a letter or the latest paper for the monstrumologist society , a task that , to my sleep-deprived brain , could have waited till the morrow .
if you go down , will henry , you will drag me down with you . ''
enjoyable , yes , mr. gaunt thought , but whoever said that business always had to be a drag ?
he took one giant drag on his eroded cigarette and then pitched it over the porch rail .
we all tightened up , and i saw one of the other screws , tim youngblood , drag his hand down to where his pistol was bolstered .
they were getting ready to drag out scandal and nestfeathering again , but before they could bring the hammer down on him , stammas ran .
she stuck a cigarette in her mouth , took a box of kitchen matches from her cpo pocket , lit her smoke , took a huge drag and chuffed it out , fogging part of the windshield , put marlboros and matches away , loosened the dark blue scarf around her neck and said : `` i appreciate the ride .
i think these guys would like to drag me into a competency hearing . ''
maybe he 'll just drag you into the nearest alley and do you against the wall .
ben took a huge drag on his cigarette and pitched it out his window into the dark .
an eternity of church bingo , amusement park rides , and celestial drag strips ?
the nights are his , but in the daytime you will hound him and hound him until he takes fright and flees or until you drag him , staked and screaming , into the sunlight ! '
now the way of the bear and the turtle is lumpy and eroded , full of coves and cols and bays and cracks , plenty of places to get your fingers in and take hold , and sometimes you drag at it and sometimes you can feel yourself worming your way into it like a drop of acid that can think .
it had mostly been around his mommy that time , and he had been in constant terror that she would pluck the word from her brain and drag it out of her mouth , making it real .
have them drag me away !
`` when i came up here to be interviewed , he had to drag out all my dirty laundry .
hallorann buckled his seat belt and then wrapped his large black hands around the seat 's armrests and promised the absent carlton vecker that it would take him and five strong twa flight attendants to drag him out of his seat .
she picked up his legs and began to drag him along the floor .
the driver let up on the brake , skirted the ford on the shoulder , and then felt his left wheels start to drag in the soft dirt .
you 've got real drag .
eventually she was able to drag him into the garden .
she had to drag it along the floor .
to drag him out into the light , as it were .
she thought that the female body always looks its best when it is flat on its back , stretched out , the tummy pulled flat , the breasts naturally upright without the vertical drag of gravity to pull them down .
`` i 'll drag you in . ''
i 'm sorry , but you either got to say amen and go through that door on your own or i 'll drag you .
he parked on the main drag , in front of a building that announced itself as the utah hotel .
then he hauled stu to his good foot by main force and began to drag him around the lobby , kojak following them anxiously .
what happened after that did n't matter , but she was going to drag herself out of the shockwave enough to get that done .
it was laura deloessian , queen of the territories , but in this imagining which had become as clear as a vision , the queen was wearing his mother 's wedding dress from drag strip rumble and the gold-cross earrings uncle tommy had helped him pick out in sharp 's of beverly hills .
he had to work to drag his eyes away .
he had managed to get across the road and to speedy 's cover without being seen : surely he could drag richard the few feet down to the water and get him on the raft .
'if you start sermonizing , vera , i 'll drag you out of his room by the hair of your head . '
he was fifteen minutes late getting to jon 's restaurant in bridgton ; it seemed to be the only business establishment on bridgton 's main drag that was still open .
'could n't drag patty within a mile of that place with a twenty-foot towin chain .
she had only taken a single drag when the perfectly reasonable explanation occurred to her .
i 'd like to wait until nightfall , and drag you down by the water .
then , with both guns in her possession , she could drag herself back down by the doorway and wait for the really bad man to come back .
`` just do n't drag it out any more than you have to .
if he refused to go , his father would lay hold of the scruff of his neck and drag him to peyna like a kitten , twenty years old or no .
and your heavy clothes will drag you down very quickly . ''
`` how likely is it that jean-claude will drag us with him ? ''
barkovitch kept up the same jerky pace , now ahead of the main group as if to catch up with the vanguard walkers , now dropping back toward stebbins 's position on drag .
when he comes through again we 'll gang up on him and drag him down and all unzip and drown him in- '' `` that is n't what i want to do . ''
yet a monstrosity did drag that poor boy away !
`` they loosen up on the teacher dress-code a little come june , but summer school 's still a drag .
but the pulse was present , a kind of sonar blip , and if it needed seth , it could hunt him down and drag him out .
so you could use me , drag me down to your level and then laugh about it ? ''
there were neat middle-class homes overlooking the main drag from the heights , and a growing slum looking up from the rancid edge of the water .
but no one built quonset huts out in the woods c why drag all that metal in when three men could throw up a cutter 's lean-to with saws , axs , and a two-handed buck-saw in six hours ?
nothing he could do about it if they decided to drag him in , though .
the plaster hand seized jake about his hips and began to drag him down the hall .
because you do n't have to drag me anymore .
and mind you do n't slip and drag us both down ! ''
in fact , all the violence that he had always sensed simmering around him - in his father , his grandfather , all the men he knew -might rise , like chaos , and drag him down into it .
once again she tried to drag him into the wheelhouse , but it was useless .
and it was n't to drag him into her bed .
he took another lazy drag off the cigarette and stared at the plate of uneaten sandwiches before him .
he took another drag off the cigarette , and looked around , figuring .
he took a final drag off the cigarette and pitched it into the grate .
she chanced one kiss on his naked shoulder , felt gently of the muscle in his upper arm , enough to drag her right into the bed if she lingered on it , and went out and shut the door .
the first drag made him feel dizzy .
the motels gave way to a main drag which seemed to feature mostly cut-rate camera stores , souvenir shops , the dirty-book emporiums .
one drag and he was light-headed .
the main drag ... until after labor day , it 's a street carnival .
'i walked back to the main drag and made a few more calls c follow-up calls .
if you 're in there , come out before we have to drag you out ! '
'if i pass out and you do n't , drag me back here .
'come on , now ; do n't make me drag you . '
take in your mother 's washing , and mind you do n't drag it in the mud .
andy took one more deep drag of his current fry-daddy , held his breath as long as he could , then huffed it out .
all my exes come from texas , mary thought wildly , and waited for them to lay their hands on her husband and drag him away. ``
'i guess i 'd just have to chase you down and drag you back with my new chainfall , ' he said , unsmiling .
every now and then , norma would look at her husband , not accusingly but merely questioningly , and there was the drag of fear , not in her eyes but around them-the eyes of a woman fighting a tension headache or perhaps low-back pain .
when she got home , of course , she would drag out her magazines .
and at this moment , he locked his arm around me and started to drag me across the floor .
`` downstairs , benedict , before i drag you there myself .
`` stand idly by while you drag us into yet another chain of fiascoes ?
thasper and his friends helped drag injured people clear of the blazing hall .
that 'd be such a total drag . ''
might as well drag a net .
he grasped leonard 's arm and tried to drag him away , glanced up to see emery running toward them with a fire extinguisher .
he 'll only drag you down , ruin your life . ''
`` let 's go in before your grandparents come out and drag me in , then decide to lock you in your room for your own protection . ''
they 'll only drag you down to their level . ''
though i struggled with all my might against the hold of the guards , they managed to drag me back to the cage .
he was trying to drag her back to the dugout .
`` two , three hundred , '' havelock said , and took a drag on his cigarette .
then they drag everyone down here and toss them into radiation shelters that are only radioactive on the inside .
first thing you do is blab it to the universe , so that mars and the belt drag earth into this thing , making the largest war of all time even bigger .
by capturing his fleeting thoughts , he could drag himself to clarity like a mountain climber inching toward a summit .
`` so , '' holden said , letting the word drag to two syllables .
hutch laughed softly , then took a drag on his cigarette .
a close pass on the jovian moon , then down so close to the gas giant that there was almost drag .
`` let me drag one of 'em down to the airlock and space them right now .
`` not everyone in the opa hates us , '' holden replied , moving around the gurney to help amos drag the unconscious men into the closet .
he would let the two of them bicker a bit , release some of the venom they 'd been storing up , then put his foot down and drag the discussions back on topic .
at some point , it would hit enough atmosphere to get noticeable drag , which would slow it and let it fall deeper into the killing air , and shortly after that , it would burn up .
outside , the tube was in vacuum to reduce drag .
temple uses the gurkha knife to cut maury a walking stick , and he lets it drag along the wooden ties , producing a rhythmic tap of wood on wood like the cycling of an ancient pedometer measuring the unfolded distance of their journey .
there was a dead woman whose body was gone just below her shoulders , just a head , neck and a pair of arms to drag herself about .
but there is a women 's discount store on the main drag of the tiny town , and the vestal amata scrounges for clothes better fitting than those abraham found for her in the bandits ' inventory .
in such a manner , they drag the man through the snow and into the trees by the side of the road and tie him to one of the trunks using the belt and strips of torn fabric .
he took a deep drag and sent a train of smoke curling into the desert .
we 'll find a safe place to camp , close to the inner lake , so we can explore from there without having to drag these monster packs around with us . ''
`` he might have time to drag us back behind our car before the next car passes , '' the tan guy went on .
but despite its state of disrepair , it had somehow managed to drag a trailer up the road .
but you and scott did drag us all into this shit .
gloria had watched ten people drag themselves to a far corner of the cavern and sit shoulder-to-shoulder .
the horse would have crushed her , but it neighed two seconds before toppling , and lana woke , just managing to drag herself away from where its hindquarters crashed into the snow .
`` do i have to shoot you both in the kneecaps and drag you in there myself ?
orson looked at me and said , `` drag the plastic over here , andy . ''
walter took a long drag from his cigarette and spoke as the smoke curled from his mouth .
she watched sam 's wife run it aground and drag the boston whaler beyond the reach of the tide .
crouch will handcuff you , blindfold you , throw you in the trunk of a car , and drag you kicking and screaming through a story so intense , so emotionally packed , that you will walk away stunned .
whispered , `` you get the f**k up right now , young lady , or i will drag your little ass down this mountain so help me god .
took three men to drag it away and several jolts from the cattle prod before it finally collapsed in the road and curled up moaning in the fetal position .
kiernan took another drag .
you can either walk out of here under your own steam , or i can drag you through the lobby myself . ''
the water reached his waist , ethan gasping as it chilled him to the core , the current fierce , desperate to drag him downstream .
he steered through a group of men dressed up in drag , lipstick garishly applied , wearing their wives ' bras and panties over long johns , one of them armed with a cast-iron skillet .
took five men to drag it off and if one of them had n't had a machete it would 've killed us all .
`` now i 'm telling you , and if you ca n't make your legs work , we 'll be happy to drag you by your arms . ''
he jumped off the top of a fifteen-story building with his arms spread , hit the ground , and tried to drag his broken body to freedom .
i let him drag me to the front door and out into the darkness .
she might make it , but she did n't think ellie would , not with boots and a parka and clothes to drag her down .
of course , jess had alex and the other girls go to both , which was a drag .
lena heard the drag of metal against wood as the old man shifted .
before he could pull away , he felt the drag on his arm as the old hunter tried scrambling out of the water , using tom the way someone might climb a rope ladder .
the air had changed , too , growing a little warmer and so moist tom felt its fingers drag over his face .
if only the drag would let up !
the drag of the snow was decreasing , no longer rushing past in a roar .
could she drag him ?
or had the horse drag me if it got spooked .
exhaling a gray jet , he sipped , sighed , pulled in another drag , and said , in a strangled voice , `` would n't mind some decent sleep when this is done , though . ''
somehow i had managed to drag myself back to base camp .
the brownish-colored drag marks could only have meant a bleeding person or part of a person had been this way before us .
buster must have sensed my excitement because he came running back to me all excited , bouncing around while i worked to drag the thing i 'd found to the front of the store .
for the past few years , crispin had been nothing but a drag on their mother and a big pain in the ass for gus .
cawley took a drag on his cigarette .
cawley took a slow drag off his cigarette .
with his bad back and all , he couldnt drag it to town to show it off .
i drag myself up off the floor , and take a gander over at the sorry spectacle of an angry and confined fella being restrained by a robot who happens to be the only friend i got .
for effect - and to drag things out a bit - they took the long route through the center of the business district .
plenty of time to drag his family through the dirt , but no time to pick up a six pack .
could a responsible , loving parent drag her own children through the dirt ?
they all drag their feet so as if ... well , if it were their family in trouble they 'd move fast enough .
the pcs can question any captured soldiers as to the best route to take , drag them along , or salvage any weapons and armors they want from the armory which is clearly overstocked .
fionacl 9:55 pm : you couldnt drag them to a baby shower .
surely more stuff hung around in the back of my brain that i could drag out and get all flummoxed over , possibly that little issue with the employees over in justice city counting on me to guide them through their negotiations with the present plant owner .
when he explained this to her , ravella hit upon a plan , and mused aloud : oh dear , it must be terribly trying for you , to be always finding new courses to drag the sack along ?
it would be difficult to go higher than that without doing a ph.d. , which would be a drag .
that persian guy , youre right , he is a drag .
morris didnt like the dog , didnt enjoy taking it out and having to drag it by the leash .
are you coming out or am i going to have to drag you out ?
you look like a drag queen , may replies , feeling ill again .
his scarf flapped violently across his grizzled face while he had a drag of the cigarette he was smoking .
the wolf was still riled by the failure of his reincarnation yesterday and wasnt in the mood to drag this out .
elspeth took a sharp drag from her cigarette and let the smoke drift out from her nostrils .
elspeth took another drag and exhaled , punctuating her words with tendrils of smoke .
and why did he drag her to his tower ?
go play again , i wont drag you down anymore .
not like youll drag everything to that rewot anyhow .
hs : i thought it was just a story , but i guess no one would really drag himself from place to place just to tell stories .
the man laughed and took a drag from his cigarette .
do this , drive here , kill this , drag it there .
`` well , '' he drawled finally , still trying to drag things out as long as he could , `` i was on the road to soda jerk springs when i remembered my little sister 's dog pooch , and how it made the mistake of trampling through mitch 's garden back in west virginia .
reese waited for me to drag him off the table and load him into the old shopping trolley wed found .
he just took another drag from his smoke and played with his phone .
after a brief discussion , they decided to drag the toad pails out of the bedroom and keep them in the bathroom , which seemed cooler and moister and it had a fan to remove the smell .
at least these people know the real meaning of drag .
we each grabbed a section of the pull-rope wed attached to the front of the raft and started to drag it down the hill .
jennifer silently prayed that muffy would n't drag out the sophie dress she 'd left in a heap on the floor near the wig last night .
she propped herself by a door that led to the back office and took a long drag on her roll-up .
that first drag was the taste of freedom .
curious and drunk , i took a drag on my cigarette and staggered off to investigate .
that first drag never felt so good .
then drag him out and put him in the carriage . ''
other kids playing post-office in break room , dont trip over new guy , vinnie looks great in drag , call me sometime , whitney .
''why do you always want to drag everyone down ?
he couldnt very well drag her off somewhere private .
if not , we 'll have to drag our luggage down the emergency staircase in the morning , isabella said .
after all , if you want to drag this out and force everyone to file an answer , and go through months of discovery in this case before your client is exposed as a fake and you look like a fool , thats fine with me .
the co-efficient of drag for the cotton sheet , the determinant in how slowly you fall , was rated slightly better than lawn furniture but nearly five-fold worse than silk .
mary took a final and heavy drag on her cigarette and exhaled through her nose .
i was immune to the jeers and taunts of the siren guards as they chained me and proceeded to drag me back to my cell .
he tried and failed to drag his cursed fist into position to fight back .
so her compatriot had managed to drag his lazy ass out of bed at last !
he grabbed the old mans arm roughly and began to drag him up the hill .
i turned so sharply as to almost drag ethelene and myself into the middle of a ganga rage held at the nearest table .
so to bed you drag yourself ; face white and eyes quite red .
he looked on anyway , sighing out of the corner of his eye at the disassembled drum kit that hed have to pack and transport down the road what a drag .
i also demanded he drag the other young mccochall down with him .
dik shuddered at the recollection , took another drag and flicked the butt expertly into the waste bin .
he had to wrench at it against the frictional drag of too many papers .
i had to drag her again to a corner and articulate that we needed money to buy food !
i stumbled to my feet and saw her crawling form drag itself across the white cushioned floor .
`` so why did you drag me all the way here for tea time ? ''
he took a long drag and blew out the smoke , calmly sipping his wine as he leaned back on his chair .
eventually , i managed to drag his attention away from his new find and we ambled off towards the cathedral , sidling along the rua nova , idly inspecting the contents of the shop windows as we dawdled through the thick-set granite colonnades that line the street .
couldnt you drag the fellow in here by my chair ?
ill not do it , clarence , youll not drag me to your level , i deplore avarice , its a wretched thing .
now , stop it , clemmie , you know i detest these childish practical jokes of yours , it really is going too far to drag your servants into it .
the vicar grabbed him by the arm to drag him into the church .
charlie had one of dickies arms , george had the other , he lay on his back as they were trying to drag him through the bars , the drunk sat on his chest trying to force his mouth open .
barney strode in with such vigour that he appeared to drag half of london in his wake .
help me drag him out .
buffalo can drag you anywhere i want to go today , wizard .
wrenching her gaze away from a view that only seemed to drag her into a well of introspection , claire looked around the boat at the other passengers .
reality returned , just before spit could drag everyone up the street and delve into the dolce vita , as darling offered up the lasagne siddhartha had ordered , plonking it down on the bar in front of him ; no bon-appetite , no wonder it was burnt to a cinder and dry as a chip .
when he took a drag he kissed the back of his hand and when he brought it out , it was like he was waving in beauty queen fashion .
we need to drag them out .
he took a drag from his cigarette .
darrin and derrick immediately grabbed their friends arms and began to clumsily drag him out the door .
the way andreas face had clouded over , the way she had spoken as if trying to shake off a pestering fly , the vagueness of her reply , up north , it could only mean one place , and she had been careless enough to drag it up .
to her the mansion was like a mythical mermaid that lured you to the rocks with its crystal clear voice only to drag you down into the depths of the murky waters of death .
keith , youll have to drag her away from that railing .
you were all for stringing him up out the first floor window until i insisted we drag him outside and lash him up out there .
i hope its better than her feeble attempt to have me sacked last christmas for not decorating my room with christmas mistletoe or posters of matthew mcconauhey in some mad santa drag outfit .
it wasnt that he was a pretty guy ; i was certain he would not look better dressed in drag than ninety-nine percent of the women i knew .
dont want to drag out a long goodbye , do we ?
her parents were sure to retire to their granny flat at the back of the house soon enough , and maria was compelled to drag dave up to her comfortable and seductively lit room for some fun .
in fact , it wouldnt surprise him at all if nancy turned out to be a man in drag .
and he didnt want to be a drag queen , he wanted to be a real woman .
sorry to drag you down on such a revolting day .
is the main drag ; its one mile long as the parrot flies , but five miles long in reality : its twisty , hilly , pot-holed , and speckled with giant fallen palm fronds , abandoned shopping carts , medical pot containers , and homeless camps .
im talking a whole new meaning to the term southern drag racing .
along dungeness st. , crabtowns main drag , the rickety old shipping line offices , seafood companies with their cannery buildings , now mostly converted to artists studios .
sorry man , this latest batch of shit is third rate , he responds , inhaling a colossal drag regardless .
a sense of panic could be seen in her eyes as she took a deeper drag on the cigarette .
by the fifth drag of his smoke , a taxi cab pulled into the lot .
i had hoped it wouldnt drag on , as .
id drag my feet at every stream i came to instead of jumping across right quick to find out what was on the other side .
yeah , no tv or nothing , he said , then scowled , and took another deep drag , and blew it out .
it did , however , serve as a nice place for the beefy barmaid to drag surly barflies up for a quick roll in the proverbial hay .
he smiled , looking like hed taken his first , tasty cigarette drag of the day .
im not going to drag you into any of it .
he took a drag from his cigarette and put it out in his leathery hands , then stuffed the butt into his shirt pocket .
taking another drag from his third joint since we left he said , `` you have something very wrong with you . ''
frank takes a drag from his cigarette and looks out at all the people .
earlier that evening , id slopped paint all over the helmet and vampire teeth of drag nut , using a new , red , metal-flake enamel .
let 's bust in there and drag him out by his balls .
when youre fast , you cant stand drag .
the men carry two boxes , women and children drag theirs .
it was a cozy little place on the main drag , where it didnt take many people to make it a crowd and , thus , make it a lively place .
and i vowed to not let them drag me into anything like that again .
gary laughed to himself , took a drag , sat back , exhaled and crossed his legs contentedly .
and more importantly , he told himself , he could make some rudimentary understanding of engineering their game he could drag them at least a little out of the medieval age of cronyism and get them to see how it was good engineering that was in the best interests of the people of the state .
come on you blokes , do n't drag the chain .
biffa managed to drag her outside , shouting , leave it pam , leave it !
his persistent wry humor had always been that of paul lynde , charles nelson reilly , and that ventriloquist on hollywood squares with the drag queen dummy .
after all she didnt want to drag around an agitated mess and i found it excruciating to hover over her shoulder in an aisle where nothing might even be purchased .
they thought theyd be safe taking a walk on the public beach there , but gale kept trying to drag george into the obscurity of the dunes .
a couple hours behind , riding drag , just to make sure the coast is clear .
they had the ultimate drag strip , a quarter mile straightaway to the rencen .
although they were happy to drag us all to the church to meet their friends under the guise of religious commitments .
i dont believe you can actually get pregnancy tests in poundland so i didnt drag alison over there , but we did manage to settle on a middle of the road test for eight pounds .
years in the ground had taken the flex out of its knees , and it was forced to drag its feet along , plowing through the new fallen snow .
slevov asked gwen to move her chair back , away from stirgs chair , and asked jinny to drag nevs chair closer to stirg .
his helpers , who had to drag a stretcher through the building and up and down several flights of stairs just glared at him .
now instead of prying his foe 's arm off , he used it to hold himself up to keep from choking as his weight tried to drag him down .
he had made peace with dying a while ago , but silly , seemingly trivial things such as that still managed to drag him down .
he took one more drag then passed it to across the campfire to jake .
shell beach is a really small town , with one main drag that is just a little over a mile long , which cuts through the entire town .
it is a long shot , but i 'm pretty sure that asshole dropped that rock he used to kill her with when he bent over to drag her out into the ocean .
we picked up a couple of eggplant sandwiches from a tiny deli on the main drag through town and brought them down to the little park on the edge of the cliff , where all of this started .
i felt the urge to drag the dumbbells out and do some curls .
gary yelled and ground his teeth as he watched the kid drag his overstuffed pillow case of candy through his wifes flowers .
often , our young delinquents will lock on to the victim with their tractor beam and drag the poor victim to the ship .
while trying to drag itself out , the lorry had got itself completely stuck and had to be lifted out by a mobile crane .
i was in that middle ground where sleep still clings to your faculties in a vain attempt to try and drag you back into the realm of semi-consciousness .
we simply wouldnt be able to drag it out .
all those boring boys can be such a drag .
beth managed to force a few curse words between coughs until she regained control , and then took a slower , more measured drag on the rollie .
the minutes began to drag past as something akin to silence settled over the bridge .
korben took another drag .
i pulled out my smokes and had myself a drag .
korben took a triumphant drag .
if you are in new york city , do not start the fight on a main street , as cops will show up right away and you will not get to prove your manhood before they drag you off to the tombs for assault and disturbing the peace .
when otto creaked open the screen door , white took one last drag then stubbed out the butt and looked up .
`` i 'm not trying to drag you into things , '' he said .
perfect took a long , weary drag on his cigarette .
the way they drag the poor sods outside in the freezing cold , rain and snow when they need a shit ?
and when shed buy me a drink , id take a drag of my smoke , and say while looking ahead , thanks , babe .
i drag gen and slide to the end of the fourth row .
will could move quickly when the occasion demanded it , his large heavy frame easily pushing all but the thickest branches out of their path , and alice was no weight to drag along .
had to drag him off her .
a short while later , when alphas was over , dylan reached for the remote and flipped through a few channels , stopping at what was possibly a rerun of queer as folk since the scene was a drag queen show .
and over-emoting about trivial things and i hate drag queen shows even more , she said .
most physicists predicted a viscous drag that would hinder further acceleration , the frictional force increasing exponentially with velocity .
`` from there we can use the netcape to drag it home .
`` but he wanted me in '' he blew this out like a long low drag off a cigarette , with a deep low voice .
i finally summoned enough energy to drag myself to the plug socket to turn it off .
good and now im gon na walk you , lift you or drag you , over to that there tree stump ; over there look , ok ?
though it 's doubtful the geishas were fully fluent , and he could just hop across the table , chloroform me , drag me out , while just telling 'em it was a bad reaction to shellfish , and he 'd take care of it .
you get to wander around in the desert and hang out with guys who are gon na slaughter you and drag you off to exile and jump up and down on you until your bones break .
she liked the gooshy bits , and she has a soft spot for beasts that come in the night , drag warriors away from the mead hall , tear them to shreds , and eat them . ''
shakily , she got to her feet and began to drag the body to the next stair .
she had to drag it along like a child , sometimes cooperating , but usually not .
jane , i dont think it would be right for me to stand here in front of all of you today , and drag john harris name through the mud .
who would suspect a bag of sausages could jump on you like a pit viper , drag you towards its gaping beak , and ... . and there had been that scream ... . `` angle poise ? ''
why drag it out ?
i light another cigarette and drag the last beer out of the fridge .
im feeling groggy but the night has started so i drag myself up and into some clothes .
i drag it out of my pocket and look at the display .
and he didnt drag you into the station , he asked you to go down there tomorrow .
enjoy your beer he takes a long , satisfied drag .
`` j-man attacks with an arm drag takedown ; however malaki hits a thrust kick .
and waited old people were such a drag , she thought .
how do i know you wont drag my entire life story out of me and then clam up ?
walk by the river , settle into that oversized tub , or drag you straight into bed .
he wore a very stylish scarf over his hair and a white jacket , both of which would have been very attractive on an older woman who didnt just happen to be his father in drag .
i took another drag and handed her the cigarette .
hey , pumpkin , get that dumb cabinet and drag it on over here .
david expected nikolas to drag this out for several more minutes .
there were many sunday mornings when devoted sctvers would drag themselves to church or simply call in sick and sleep until noon .
`` drag him back , you mean , '' said wacker .
her designer drag has nowhere near the impact level your little number has .
a group of teenagers figured it would be cool to dress up , and drag themselves around , la walking dead .
he took a delicate drag , but i dunno you always said special encounters have significance and something tells me that she could really help .
gabe suddenly felt a slight chill , a suspicion of something altogether not good , but he let the beer drag down all of his present insecurities .
i did manage to drag alison in front of the couple just leaving the car park as we arrived , so we at least got to the door before them .
we could have been in tunbridge wells and he would still have managed to drag us into a noir-ish tangle of shady dealings and doubtful businessmen .
ganja-man always brought out the rebel in him , and inevitably hed act like an idiot , and say something risqu to the hostess , or grab someones ass , and then martha would have to drag him home , like a bad dog who couldnt be trusted not to hump the small children of friends .
i pushed off with my left foot and began a slow drag .
then she stood up and took a drag off her cigarette .
working from midnight to 8 am in the morning was n't a top o ' the list favorite with many of the port 's officers , most of whom viewed midnight as a great time to jump into bed and not such a hot time to drag their tired bodies in to work .
at least one that had n't been recently knocked out of whack by a car careening out of control when the local teens were drag racing their tricked out cars in the midnight hours .
avery came to a red sports car , letting her finger drag across the back end .
how much of our stuff did you drag out here ?
i went outside to the curb and lit one up and took a long , hard drag and proceeded to throw up immediately , right there in the parking lot .
it was sort of hidden down a back road , just off the main drag , and only people in the village knew about it .
with that single drag the world came back into focus , and he was again standing on a street corner , in the city of sydney , a living human male .
joe took another long drag and then noticed that mary and harry had both stood up .
'well if he was having an affair with your wife then maybe you do n't know him as well as you think you do , ' she said , taking the cigarette from his hand and taking a drag herself .
'there 's a bin of ice out there , could you drag it in please , before somebody sees it , ' he said as he observed the inert form of joe finch on the bathroom floor .
'come on , i want to get out of here , ' said judith , trying to drag the bin of ice into the bathroom .
and that whole film : like a fucking drag party at his house and he happened to have his iphone camera running .
her eyes are glassy and remind me of a drag queen defying anyone to make a comment , to scatter the illusion .
the villagers will come and drag me down .
rough hands drag james away .
she started to drag it out of the room , but the countess grabbed the other end and was pulling equally hard to stay .
danielle watched him drag his battered ego halfway to his car before she finally relented .
i soon feel slightly better by having washed away the crap that has become my life , when i light up a much-needed cigarette and take a deep drag on it .
i take the biggest drag i can muster and fill my lungs to bursting capacity before i snuff out the remaining half on the fence post ( dont worry , i do it lightly so as not to damage the paintwork because i dont want to give them a reason to speak to my father about my behaviour ) .
i drag off the wooden slatted shelve a fresh towel to breathe through , to avoid being gassed by the ghastly smells .
anyhow , i approach a stall with a short man that has arms so long they probably drag his knuckles along the floor when he walks .
the drag artists beehive actually looks like one though and has a few fake bees flying about it on wires that move , so it looks like they are buzzing about .
as i drag him along the track for a while before realising that people are beginning to stare at my obvious cruelty , when i stop and plonk down on the nearest bench .
i did not mind not drinking whilst they enjoyed a beer or two , but the craving for a cigarette horribly persisted to the point that i snuck out back in-between painting the other walls to snatch a quick shame ridden drag .
i stopped coming up with ways to drag it out .
what used to be tight , firm skin , began to drag from her upright flesh , stretching closer to the floor .
i wo n't drag this out .
the judge set a very tight discovery schedule , telling the attorneys that he did n't want to drag this matter out .
i had to drag a kid around with me everywhere .
albert sat in his chair , took a long drag from his pipe , and blew the smoke into rings above his head .
he spoke with a strong brooklyn accent , slowly and deliberately , with long pauses between sentences , as if sinking into an inner world from which he had to drag out the words formulating his thoughts .
the drag racers , maybe ? ''
as i scrub the floor only to have one of our pets drag mud in .
the river grew steadily rougher , its bottom rocky , the drag of those hands stronger as he advanced , the water climbing to thighs and waist .
she notices how , in such a familiar way , he looks at his cigarette , flicks the ashes into the ashtray , and takes a long drag .
and he walks back to his folding chair , throws down his mitt , sits down , lights up a cigarette , and takes a long drag .
mike takes another long drag of his cigarette , leans over to where pete is sitting on maries lap , blows the smoke out of the corner of his mouth so as not to get most of it in the infants eyes , and begins to tickle him with his fingers .
it says ms. daytona nights drag queen 2005 , bright pink with sparkly letters .
theyll be in trouble with the law in a few years , and if were not careful theyll drag kenny along .
help me get this off the load , then well hitch up and drag the wagon inside and get this over with .
if you do , he said , the case will drag on for years .
he took a deep drag from his cigarette , which seemed to calm him .
it had to be light enough for noah to drag behind him even on the wheeled contraption that bob designed for it .
in the darkness it was a lethal journey , and the rain and sea-drenched pebbles shifted sickeningly beneath his galoshes , threatening to drag him to his knees at every step .
this is another one-horse town like carrizozo , but with a much wider main drag .
its very likely that they will drag away those who remain behind .
you and i were indignant that we would have to drag this burden with us all day instead of just giving it back in the evening .
we settle on a place at the far end of the main drag , its front made out of aged wood and the inside a replica of an old saloon .
and so he feels he has the right to drag me into this personal goal of his , his mission to advance his career .
sorry to drag you out at this hour , vacine said , now rubbing his bristled jowls .
but much of the pain was left behind , there was only that far we could drag our dead .
it became a pattern for peter to drag himself around in the morning by holding on from door jamb to sink to banister to chair to kitchen counter .
ellie took a long drag , and then exhaled the smoke in bits like a chugging train as she answered .
he took a deep drag from the marlboro and then blew the smoke toward the ceiling like he was doing budda a courtesy .
i savored every drag and watched the smoke twist and curl and dissipate as it floated up to the trees .
the place could best be described as a hole in the wall , hidden at the back of a strip mall off of the main drag .
besides , on such a rare treat as venturing downtown , johnny and the boys would drag her past for the glare and giveaway toys of maccas .
twenty-six months ago she had been in philly rejoicing in the end of tishas easy first pregnancy and the birth of a healthy , beautifully ugly little old man who was going to drag around the name of the month , khloe , for a lifetime .
my feet seemed to drag down the steps .
hed give me a haunted sheepish look and then proceed to do drag his anus anyway .
but his mother told him he couldnt marry a girl who would drag on his finances and surely wouldnt live to see thirty and she was enough of a testicle mutilator that he gave in and avoided me .
he sucked a long , satisfying drag of turkish tobacco smoke into his lungs and gazed out across the desert at the scenic panorama stretching to the horizon before him , then killed the engine on his kawasaki .
miles shuddered and watched with increasing trepidation as the creature on catherines shoulder began to whisper in her ear , and with every word the beastie in her lap would drag a claw across her belly .
you know , it sure would be nice if you would drag me for at least a little while without me having to pay your fare , said miles as he looked at the grinning dog .
miles looked at bruce and immanuel standing next to him , took a determined drag on his cigarette , and pushed all thoughts of fear from his mind .
and youre not sharing any of it with me while you drag me all over town !
lewis said impatiently , feeling that his sister was only trying to drag out the conversation as a means of toying with him .
as she spent the morning with lewis , letting him drag her from one store to another in what she knew was a vain attempt to find one that had his game in stock , she fidgeted with her cell phone .
lewis let his uncle drag him to the ponchos and then all over the store until theyd accumulated every item on the list .
every kind or sympathetic word , your whole life is going to be a sham , and if i stay youll drag me into it .
if i have to drag you there , youre going .
taking one last drag , i hope it calms me enough to act normal for the next hour and a half .
we drag ourselves up the stairs , breathe the cool air .
i decided to risk my first cigarette of the day , feeling tightness , a closing up of my airways on the first drag .
cookie took a long drag on a cigarette and spoke in a hard , almost comic-book new york accent .
and now ... she wanted nothing more than to take him back , drag him into the car and bring him home .
kim took a long drag on her cigarette .
i had to drag it out of him , she said .
always made her drag the next day .
dont drag slush onto my carpet .
he yelled to the two women , and tried to drag the mother with him as he hit the dirt .
you can drag me like this , i dont mind .
********** -dodger- part one : the real life neo 1 i stand outside the bar and drag my cigarette in agony .
the hours drag and by the time i 'm stonedrunktired enough to pass out , my phone has ceased receiving messages .
i blink , drag , feel an anvil drop from my heart to my stomach .
again the first drag blues get me but i suffer through them , coughing wildly .
parents flocked to the streets from their villas to grab their respective children by the ear and drag them home .
`` give me half an hour to drag a comb through my hair and shave . ''
i said , god , do not drag and jar my eye to stare at the could-have-been-but never-was , the unrequited past , because even you ca n't undo that , or redo that , and it is a desire eternally out of reach of fulfillment .
cleared the table and filled the lavastoviglie , i have thought that i would have had to gather the occasion and to drag the girl that laughs on the swedish matrimonial bed to reach the target , but i have not done him .
after all , tomorrow was monday , the day he meant to drag his father to the hospital .
officers drag adel to their car and push him inside and lock the door .
she didnt want to drag these generous people deeper into her own history .
even though : he wont drag his eyes up from his article .
diane took another drag and opened her mouth to release a ring of smoke .
mark , feeling the fatigue of inactivity , and being zoned out with music and daydreaming , almost answered back , come here and tell me , but since grandpa sounded unusually excited , he decided to drag his tired body into grandpas room .
the few times that it had happened , in the past , his wife had received the invite , and she practically had to drag him to go with her .
he was shaken out of his state by the medic who was trying to drag him back towards cover .
a younger man followed him out immediately and tried to drag him back , but the older man firmly pushed him away .
erwan took another drag ; then did emmett ; then did erwan .
a drag of a joint would be good .
he takes another drag on the cigarette , watches its orange glow , and coughs into the snow , disturbing the quiet .
the great crater opening like a mouth to drag him down , an angry earth broiling with flame .
they drag him through the door and into the next train car .
when the conversation soon began to drag , winnie said to pete , mrs. tylers son has been missing since last february .
i didnt want to go even though lexie was about to drag me there .
your damn nurses drug me , drag me into seclusion rooms , turn the lights off and make me sleep on a vinyl mattress with only a crappy heavy blanket that is completely lacking in softness or comfort !
`` at least you 're not going to completely drag us down , '' aaron said .
our affection for him does n't forgive his new inadequacies on the court , and he respects the ravens too much to drag us down .
orlson turned away and this time dryad took her arm and began to drag her to the end of the tunnel .
hugh 's lungs were heaving as they sought to drag life through the poison which filled his chest .
they drag things , the sod is cut , they make no effort to hide their passage , we could follow them on the darkest night , my lord , i fear that the animals making these tracks move at speed .
bonampak splashed down , the current was allowed to drag him deep before the rope was taken up and he was retrieved , coughing and choking .
he listened spellbound , unable to drag his thoughts away from the slight voice which gripped him fast with this tale of giant men and strange evil happenings .
@ her words incensed the crowd , a barge-pole was used to drag her to the lakeside .
he takes a drag and blows smoke into my face .
the widow taps a cigarette from a pack of virginia slims , lights it , and takes a deep , meditative drag .
the seminarian manages to drag him to the edge of the seat , then we each take an arm and a shoulder to lift him .
he did n't know why he chose satan 's blues to play- the song came from red chaos , and it detailed hank 's enslavement by his temptation for drugs , sex , and liquor , containing those famous opening lyrics- drag my knuckles 'cross the land to drink blood from my sinful hand .
two of the americans grabbed each of the german boys by their arms and started to drag them around the corner of the house .
the one in my shed that i am working on at present took me four days to drag from where i found it .
she kept trying to drag me off to get something to eat or to shop or something .
what if he was mad that i was in a knock out , drag out fight with becca , especially the way emily told it ?
bridied drag out old letters and clippings and read them to us , then cry , then read them again and cry again .
to drag you back kicking and screaming , if necessary !
kevin was using a long-handled rake to drag smouldering bits of timber into the remaining pool of flame .
emil lemort , adelaide , australia to drag the intimate nature of my soul and a pretty description of my sentiments into the literary marketplace would be in my eyes unfitting and low .
bombshell and her partner worked opposing shifts , so he usually had to drag himself out of bed to pick her up ; usually half asleep and still wearing his pyjamas .
i 'm going to go to rocket town and drag cid 's good-for-nothing ass here to do it himself .
cid took another long drag from his cigarette .
still , it took all of her strength to shift the grid ; back and forth , pushing , pulling , heaving until a metal lip on one side released and she was able to drag the grid across the floor of the air duct , just enough so she could see more clearly what was below .
she propped the elbow of her smoking hand on the table and took a long drag , examining me over her shoulder .
i didnt cough like they always do in movies when people who dont smoke take a drag .
she peered down the narrow strip of macadam which used to be the towns main drag .
he wailed , grabbing the backside of his shorts as she began to drag him through the clutter of toys , dirty clothes and used paper plates .
then well make two trips during which you can drag each of them through the forest .
you know its true , i said , turning to face adam from inside the grave as i reached out to drag my sons body towards me , then slowly backed up , easing him down into the pit .
clairice registered no emotion and , instead , began to drag items across the computerized eye of her glass countertop .
lets drag him into the tub .
every spring , jeanette and joey used to drag the bulging , stagnant vessels into the yard and dump their contents into the lawn beneath the willow tree , then refill the bags from the hose and drop in a few chlorine tablets .
schools a drag , jay said .
it was muffled , and the whish-whish of cars driving past the gas station on tahoe citys main drag sometimes drowned out abbeys voice completely .
not that he appreciated it at all , oh no , he had to drag all of his toys into wherever she was sitting .
the drag there was that nobody had those kind of facilities anymore , he was pretty sure .
so theres much less motivation to drag things out .
he would drag himself away in time for the party , but she knew better than to expect much more before then .
jj , she told herself , would be there if she had to drag him by his arm like when he was a kid .
at times , when they needed a rest , they took turns to drag him by arms alone , scraping his heels on the path , leaving long , parallel tracks that after a whileas the skin of his heels wore offwere moistened by aruns blood .
within minutes he reached the main drag , heading toward a convenience store .
chapter 36 phoebe closed her eyes and took in the night air , and while her eyes were still closed she took a drag from a cigarette .
the cigarette i had just lit , a deep drag and it burned , still seeming long , i left it in the ashtray , one habit i wouldnt have to give up .
monroes green eyes bulged from their sockets , surrounded in thick red lines that grew thicker with each drag of his cigarette .
eleas first drag was long and thick .
the opening through which he had crawled wasnt large enough to drag his father through , but he had to get him out from under the wagon somehow .
now that the lions body was limp , michael was able to drag it into the cave .
why did you drag the gender question ?
well , all i did was drag away wood that other people had cut .
darezzo came over and tried to drag elton away .
with the tip of his rod almost touching the water , claude played the line with his left hand , subtly , so the ant wouldnt hop or drag , but felt nothing beyond the pull of the current .
claude took a long drag from his cigarette and blew smoke out the side of his mouth .
it sounds like a real drag to me .
i really wanted to sit and go through my new stuff more slowly , but i knew mum would come and drag us outside if we didnt get out there soon .
she resisted the urge to cough , holding the second drag even longer than the first .
hed rush into the showers , arms around his body , and scrub leaning his right side against the tiles before hurrying back to drag a shirt over un-towelled skin .
i do n't know ... a cannibal living in the woods , creeping into the city in the middle of the night to snatch some unsuspecting person , drag the body back out to the darkness and gnaw it to the bones .
she couldnt drag him out and bury it on one good ankle .
robin was the youngsters name ; pet marked the familiar hoppity-droppity walk and heavy drag .
away from the main drag , with its shops and low-rent office buildings , whalley was the shit-hole doris keppler had described .
laura almost had to drag ian away from the wall to proceed with the tour .
like a teenager whose whole life was in the responses of someone on the other end of a phone line , ian tried to drag out the conversation , tried to get laura to talk about her day , her work , her reports about amanda , even her news about her view of the weather .
with one great gasp , she slipped under the water and her dress came up all around her arms as she struggled to drag herself back to the surface , and it was only a second before her legs touched bottom and her feet were locked on point from the cramp as they buried themselves in cold softness , like death .
anyway , back to my description of my day rather than such morbid thoughts ; after about eight or nine hours of the digging we drag our weary bodies back up the tunnels and ladders to the mess .
itll drag you to your death if you dont .
noah leaned back into the cutting table waiting for their next drag of the nets .
did you drag the body to your car and dump him somewhere where no one would find him for a long , long time ?
lou placed the piece of paper in alan 's hand , and alan went out to drag his mower from the garage .
electrical cords drag behind him .
am i going to have to drag you in ?
i was ready to run into the street and drag strangers into the store shouting , its easy !
when the shield snapped into place to keep the bullets out , the plane jerked backwards , its speed slowed by the additional drag .
it took all of her strength to drag his body through the snow .
i wake in a heavy sweat at three in the morning and manage to drag my tired body to the bathroom where i am too tired to stand to urinate .
you had to drag me to that damn township .
attempting to drag him back to the family would be a guaranteed disaster and utter nonsense .
please dont drag me there .
you can have your dream world , peter , but dont drag me into it !
if the breeze is a headwind , the carriages drag , the carts crawl .
dennis took a final drag on the stumpy , mentholated cigarette .
bart led the way back up the main drag toward the steamship authority landing where they watched as an endless stream of cars , motorcycles and produce trucks crept out of the belly of a docked ship .
like chinese water torture , dessert would drag on for another twenty minutes or so , and then a movie where he could sit in the dark spared the agony of idle chatter .
i drag calebs attention away from the game long enough to show him a shot of lucia and several of the younger cousins posing comically .
why you would drag your feet when a man like max wants to marry you is beyond me .
i wait until hes gone before i turn to liz and drag her into moms house and all the way upstairs to our old bedroom .
he shifts his gaze back to the river , but instead of taking another drag , he pinches off the glowing tip into the water and tucks the rest into his pocket .
how dare this priest drag john into believing this bullshit !
there existed a place without drag upon the senses .
she was glad she did not drag dhadhi into this heat .
he took a drag of his cigar .
he shivered in reaction to the drag of the cloth and clenched his front teeth together .
he drove even slower up the hill as if to drag out the joy of what they were about to see from the top of crotched mountain .
`` let 's help them drag the net , bugoy ! ''
we drag a couple of chairs in from the hallway and sit down .
the previous night she 'd been in the town of fivespot , in a little independent motel off the main drag .
steve had nearly run over scott and jennifer , waving their arms madly in the middle of the main drag .
as she takes a drag , she eyes him up and down and says , i like your coat .
the last weekend of her stay on the u.p. , anthony and tracy take a couple nights off and threw one hell of a party at their third floor apartment overlooking the main drag of this tundra , up on a hill one block removed from the casino , beginning that friday night .
and so in a continuation of this daytime trance , james sort of glides past the president and inside , as chadwick tags one last quick drag and snuffs the butt out in an ashtray before following , sliding the door shut behind him .
you just cant let your dad drag you into his anger .
i let him drag me down into his abysmal existence and i felt like absolute shit for it .
the guards only laugh and drag him along .
go ahead and drag him in here while i take this wall down .
she picked up her phone and dialed with one hand as she took a deep drag of her smoke .
lindsay sat in the stern and waited for grandma to drag the little boat to dry ground .
i yell to zak , as i drag him away from the screaming mansur .
there was no immediate answer : mordecai had heard the words , but had to drag his mind away from his passionate preoccupation .
without warning , the prostitute tightened her grip around my wrist , managing easily to drag me the remainder of the distance between us and the pool .
the lowly field workers would drag their offerings their finest calves and richest grains , to the steps of the temple desperate to a point of frenzy to appease the ever silent ashur .
mark thanked him again and took a long drag from his cigarette .
the drag felt smooth , which meant that he 'd taken a big hit of the leb itself .
he was glad to sit back down again ; the hit of tobacco from his last drag had made him feel slightly ill. more joints came his way , and he inhaled from them all , some with the harsh kick of tobacco , some with a smooth caress of leb .
august nodded and took a drag on his joint .
once outside he wiped the tears from his eyes and took a long drag of his consulate .
he reverted his eyes back to the sky , and he looked like he was starting to say something , when she gently pulled the cigarette out of his hand and took a drag .
similar to those rare night clouds that drag across the darkness and conceal the full moon .
the battle within him , however , did not drag on .
`` if i showed up at this meeting in fancy drag , everybody would think id been out cruising crack houses and was trying to fake my way back to respectability . ''
check out my tea pot -- marie antoinette in full drag .
`` what in the world did you drag home with you ? ''
catherine and pandely have wanted to drag him along , but he convinced them that two days off training , subjected to his grandmothers cooking , would ruin his chances in next weeks boxing qualifier .
there was quite a row , with the parents ( who were to blame for this mess in the first place ) having to drag sterling , who wanted nothing more than to be named stylianos , away .
so we kin be a collective an ' run on volunteers an ' make no-good pay 'til we break even like any usual bizness in drag as somepin ' new , sheeee-it , you know wut ah means . ''
she turned her back to me and took a long drag on a cigarette which she then held secretly to the side of her poodle skirt .
turning the main street into a drag strip for a while .
fish are hauled in with every pitch and drag .
he always carries one to collect measurements for things too big to drag back for sir jacob to examine .
michael and i drag in limbs and brush and build a quick fire heated lean-to .
they then ride drag .
her mother took a long drag of soda , swallowed , and then replied , my , girl , you are grumpy this evening !
she took a drag from a fresh cigarette , exhaling as she spoke .
she took a long drag from her cigarette .
she took a final drag from the stump between her fingers , and then grinded it out .
the sergeant and i are going to drag you back and it 's going to hurt like hell .
he tried to drag me along but i wasnt a fan of such enthusiasm and so we sat on a bench beside the fountain , about fifty feet away from the circle , passing a joint back and forth , while tens of people around us leaned over their books and chatted with friends .
i missed my first bus , what a drag !
laughing hysterically , we treaded water , trying to flip the canoe back around so we could drag it into shore .
while race worked his way out of the car , i kicked back on a stack of tires and lit up a smoke , taking a slow , cool drag to calm the churning inside me .
rain sprinkled us as we hiked out to the main drag , where the van sat in the turn lane , blocking anyone who might want to make a left into the trailer park .
come sit with us , robbie said , grabbing races hand to drag him up to the spot where his mother was seated .
you cant just drag me off because you feel like it .
he wanted to drag lyssa closer , draw her vitality through his skin into his very bones , deepen the kiss into what it promised .
how the religious fundamentalists , and their liberal sympathisers and apologists , who threaten to drag this nation back to the dark ages will be proscribed for the greater harmony .
sandra gave up trying to drag him from the chair and continued to hold out the tray of small sandwiches , explaining that harold was a silly fellow and they should just ignore him when he was this way .
he took a deep drag on his cigarette .
this guy usually slept quite late on saturdays and only managed to drag his ass out of bed to wander around the city or do some errands or something sometime in the early afternoon .
you felt if you lay there long enough the tugging would reach sufficient intensity to actually drag your inert body across the edge of the driveway , over the threshold of the side door , up the short staircase and back into the house .
`` hey , i 've got a drag for you , '' he says when i get my window down .
the next time i cross the tracks , as i start to turn right to drag around farnesi 's , she says , `` go left . ''
`` looks like i get my first shot at the new drag strip . ''
it 's herman , the guy from mountain view that i beat in a drag race .
his seat wants to drag the ground .
you drag me all the way down here to fight niggers , i got one in the street waiting for me right now and we back off .
they tried to say that before just to drag our good name into the gutter with them and i 'm just not having it . ''
id rather drag than stay here , edgar said still somewhat downcast over all the piled up events of the past day or so .
angus rode with the men as drag .
turn , stop , do something , i yelled , i couldnt even bail out because my legs would drag and pull me into the growling tracks below , i was sure of that .
`` he was furious that you left and wanted to track you down and drag you back .
the man dropped his precious load of household items and blankets to drag his screaming diminutive wife to safety .
according to your record and evaluations as well as the words of petty officers who know you , you have handled nukes and missiles as well as using a drag and clam attachments .
she heard him crash through the undergrowth behind her and realized the futility of trying to drag emily through an obstacle course at night .
no disrespect , but if you believe you have a claim on that part of toms life , then you should jump in right now and defend yourselves , because these two old bastards will most likely drag us all into court again over that land .
why did you have to drag me into this ?
but life is n't a vacuum and there is drag .
if she forced herself to go up in the attic and drag it down , then maybe the family could decorate it together once everyone arrived home .
technically , the brother inherits the estate , and if they ca n't find him the whole thing could drag on for years .
or he was in bad shape or hurt and couldnt drag her any further .
you would think watching the joker in batman would prepare me for this , but i cant help but feel he is really watching me , wanting to break free of his chains and drag me off to some hide out where i dont want to imagine what would happen .
so dont make a sweet little cartoon character beat the tar out of you and drag you along the miserable walkway .
by eight i was able to drag myself out of bed .
it might drag the whole program down . ''
his lethargic behavior , the way he allowed dawkins to drag him from the chair , suggested a concussion .
then last night we discovered a murder , i had to drag georgia out of my house , i woke up at the crack of dawn to serve pancakes this morningits all made me completely exhausted .
halvorsen was about to cross when jeans aunt and uncle , in one cart and another couple of roughly the same age and level of inebriation in a second cart approached the intersection like drag racers , yelling and waiving for halvorsen and doyle to stop .
can we drag this out until i deliver little petunia here ?
in spite of moffats guess that nicoles attacker would strike again soon , de la pea worried that the decoy operation would drag on for many more days .
why do i get the feeling you 're about to drag me into another strip club , kempston ?
little will came over and helped drag me along .
a little reluctantly i let him drag out of me what i had overheard price say in the back of the car about the directory .
the trib has delivered the news to three counties in the midcoast for over fifty years , from an ugly concrete block of a building on littlehopes main drag .
at adams signal , another man comes out into the open and helps him drag the canoe onto the shore .
you guys pick the night , and ill drag him out of his office if i need to .
i pulled over to the side of the road on littlehopes main drag and answered .
attending so many sporting events soon got to be a drag , especially when it became obvious the paper was n't going to let up on any of his other job requirements .
you should ask before making any attempt to drag me off somewhere ?
she made no move as i attempted to drag her to me .
there are any number of possible litigants who could drag you into court .
this murder was earth-shattering news for a little sleepy town where the biggest crime was , usually , a kid drag racing through town .
it was scuzzy fenster in full drag : greasy curls snaking to his vast shoulders , black beard sprouting wildly from nose to chest , great hairy belly bulging naked under a studded leather vest and over a four-inch deaths head belt buckle , blue jeans strained by sequoia thighs , leather wristlets like mastiff collars .
get yourself down here at once or i will come up there and drag you down .
he was referring to the stroke that had left him with one eye nearly closed , a constant stream of dribble from the right hand corner of his mouth and a leg that he more or less had to drag along .
he did n't fancy waiting hours for someone to drag themselves out to the motorway on christmas morning .
today were going to see some powerboat drag racing .
we were worried they would start drag racing .
i took a deep , satisfying drag on my cigarette .
`` at least they 're not in drag . ''
i didnt want to drag my husband along .
sometimes we drag it into the living room and sometimes they sleep out there .
jake helped me drag the squirming bodies out of the foyer and dump them into the trunk of the cutlass , which was large enough for the two russians to fit with room to spare .
julie had met the man at a strip-club in vegas , just off the main drag .
we found a motel on the main drag , an indian-run outfit that carried a light scent of curry , even outside .
it took a little longer to drag the rest of the story out of mary jo .
demonia tried to drag me .
she certainly could n't drag teri or leigh ann with her , even if she could find them on a friday night .
jake took a long drag from his cigarette and exhaled .
amos took a long drag from his cigarette and let the smoke trail out slowly from his nostrils .
the detective took a deep drag from his cigarette and extinguished it on the wet grass .
halloween was less than 30 days away , and the time was near to drag out the decorations and prepare for trick-or-treaters .
if she were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence , but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its mistress . '
holmes sank to her waist as she stepped from the path to seize it , and had we not been there to drag her out she could never have set her foot upon firm land again .
thank you sir , do you want me to drag any of them in for questioning , or is this just to keep me busy ?
tell me whats so important that you had to drag me down to my office on a sunday .
he lit a cigarette butt he had found on the ground earlier and took a drag .
it took both smithy and huff to lift slamm to his feet and drag him towards the door .
you going to drag my body around behind a stolen car ?
i lit up a camel and took a long drag blowing the smoke out forcefully like i was angry at it for some reason .
now drive , we aint got all night , pauli said , taking a drag off a newly lit square .
bone took a drink from his glass and lit up a smoke and took a big drag .
who knows what we could drag up ?
they werent tied carefully or tightly , but if alonzo took too many blows to the head she wouldnt be able to drag him out of the basement as she fought off the bad guy alone .
he heard the slow pull of wind in the receiver as the caller took a drag of his cigarette .
with tony swinton seated to his left , garcia continued to drag him along in the game .
so , knowing i deserved the pain , i let them come and drag me from the present back to the dead past , to all the yesterdays which helped put me where i was chapter two i was murdered i walked because he walked .
`` then he 'll drag you down with him . ''
conveniently you just happened to be here , though i admit i was thrown by the look alike car with drag boy in back .
anderson nodded , i 'd appreciate it if you 'd drag your feet on that as long as possible .
what if he 's trying to drag jimmerson into this by way of getting even for jimmerson not helping him directly ?
add some weights on the lines so they drag about 10 feet below the surface .
he may have had a drag or two at the party .
`` we 've got to corner one of these clowns and drag the truth out of him one way or another . ''
i glared at her and she shrugged with eyebrows raised , as if to say , it aint my fault if you stand me up and then cant drag yourself out of bed until noon .
i couldnt drag emily any further into this mess .
* * * jared rodriguez perched on the edge of the picnic table , took a deep drag then offered the clip to his companion .
now take a drag and mellow out .
word is that after doing an autopsy tomorrow , animal control will decide if its necessary to drag the lake to search for a body .
the street outside was alive with the regular hoons racing their v8s up and down the main drag .
i heard ming drag herself along the floor .
well , said mr. putnam , clearing his throat with a final harrumph , i dont think we should drag this out .
then , with the mouse , drag them to the icon labeled joes e-mail .
you know , go outside and pretend youre soldiers then drag whoever you catch back to your camp .
`` if you 're going to drag me from my cozy bed at this hour , you 're going to feed me , okay ? ''
if this montresor thought belinda was actually going to make it easy for her to drag belinda to her own death , she was nuttier than she thought .
joe took a last drag on his joint , crushed the end on his dinner plate , and deposited the remainder in his pocket .
he looked about as though he expected mrs. walker to walk in and catch him smoking , took a deep drag , held it for seconds , then blew out a ring of smoke toward the ceiling .
no worries , ill be here if i have to drag myself through a mile of dung .
she got to her knees and moved shoes and boots out of the way so that she could drag the cabinet free of the overhanging clothing .
'uh , uh , i 'm gon na get it , drag it on out of here and buy a ranch in texas . '
`` what 's so important you had to drag me out here ? ''
chapter 18 it was the ever so slight sign of drag marks in the dirt that led the lieutenant directly to the wooden shed in coach bannisters back yard .
i just wanted to break up with him , not drag the rest of the population in as co-respondents .
i knew jonathan well enough to realize if i got testy with him he would take it as a sign i was indecisive and drag out our break-up forever .
he snatched a menthol cigarette , and lit it and took a long drag .
chris lit a menthol , took a long drag and hacked a couple of times .
i drag the crate and the old , broken man within it to the waiting coach at the corner of the cemetery , my muscles aching with effort , though not as much as when i had first started my ghastly apprenticeship .
i dont mean to be a drag about your school .
what specimen did you drag into my lair this morning ?
i swam as fast as i could , feeling the water drag at my clothes .
he offered me a drag .
he resisted with all his might , but they managed to drag him halfway across the busy road , holding him there as the traffic found its way round them .
she not only fly , but of a surety she drag the good padre with her !
toms was always trying to drag me up there for staff family days .
the last thing you want is for the media to get involved and drag this whole thing through the mud .
he was prepared to enter the house and drag bethany from within when he heard the rustle of someone approaching .
there was no doubt in her mind that nick harris had the money and would gladly step in and scoop this property up for pennies on the acre , but hed have to step over her dead body before he could sign on the dotted line , and even then hed better be afraid shed drag him down by the boot strap .
he guffawed , and took a long drag from his cigarette .
several witnesses saw him holding a strange white knife , and a few saw him drag the victim into the alley where she was raped . ''
you can carry them in a gunny sack and that way when you get tired you can drag it around . ''
darren had to drag the wrought iron chair along the pools bottom and then propel his burden upwards until eddies head broke the surface .
why must we drag everyone else into them ?
do n't go down the main drag let 's go around else we will be stuck in traffic for hours . ''
i want to strike back at him with something about how if im drinking alone maybe i want to be alone , but the whiskey comes and i take a drag off it and swallow the poison .
waiting for the moment when the police would storm in and drag dinah away , bound in metal jewelry .
dinah took a deep drag , exhaled : tell me this isnt totally the coolest thing ive ever done .
lifting her from this nightmare to drag her tired ass down to the station .
oh , and take all the blows like a man and not a drippy drag queen .
of course , the guy wouldnt have a hard time spotting me either , but hed have to drag me back in a visible area .
maybe if i could drag myself upright i could inch along , using the wall as a brace .
the only way was to confront jojo now , drag him from the dark recesses of eyran 's dreams and strip him bare , let eyran face the truth , accept : his parents were dead .
even if he did , god knows what kind of riffraff human resources might drag in .
i grab the pictures , mumble thank you , sir , and drag dad away .
he took one last quick drag of his cigarette and stubbed it out .
he took another long drag on his cigarette holding the smoke in his lungs before exhaling it out the window .
love took a drag of his cigarette .
love thanked him , disconnected the call , picked up his cigarette , took a long drag .
it would be easy enough to have civilian staff get the records and it might not take her long to provide an analysis , but what a drag .
`` i 'm sorry to have to drag you through this . ''
i just hope chad doesnt drag paul along .
`` fine , i 'll drag you back to the car when you get stunned , '' i said in a mildly annoyed whisper .
as we were leaving the party , i literally had to prise the ladies off brandon and drag him away .
but mesa had reason not to drag her feet .
it had all ended with an unbelievable jolt , first from the back wheel that he had steered over a roll of chain-link fence hoping it might create some kind of drag , and then into the side of somebodys house .
youre lucky i dont drag you to the nearest tree and string you up myself .
mr. aron had a brisk walk most of the time , but this morning he seemed to drag along .
besides , once they drag you into jail , you wo n't stand a chance . ''
nelson lit one on his thumbnail , fired up the cigarette and took a deep drag then diverted the exhale towards the ceiling .
`` come up t ' main drag and stop near the end of stanstead walk like last night .
what did the cat drag in this time ?
conner parish entered fleischs steakhouse just off of the main drag through town , where he would eventually confront and murder table after table of wealthy businessmen and investors including the various doctors and insurance decision-makers who had killed his only son .
she told me to tie you up if i had to and drag you out of here and over to their place .
dont underestimate the ability of a bureaucracy to drag things out .
the man started to drag me backwards .
you can drag a mule to water , but you cant force him to give up his stubborn streak !
lets not drag this out .
i guess they like to keep the main drag moving , but it 's a nightmare to try to cross the street from north to south .
louisa , not to change the subject , but why did you drag me backstage during the magic show ?
ive even managed to drag a comb through my hair , the nearest moms ever going to see me looking like theodore beaver .
he has to drag me ; i can hardly move , feel like im in a dream where nothing makes sense .
`` i do n't see why he has to drag viola up here .
was her abductor planning to drag her to the nearest atm and clean out her bank account ?
she had seen how the bolt had flown , how it had angled to the right , how the drag caused a truncated arc .
if not for the rumble of traffic from the main drag a few blocks down the community would have resembled a suburban utopia .
`` whoever you drag home . ''
no , i was going to throttle him , drag him into the ditch , and then smack him with my handbag until i taught him that misogyny and being an arrogant jerk had n't been in favor for the past hundred years .
time ticked on , and he did n't return and neither did the police suddenly surround the motel , kick in the door , and drag me off to prison .
then she did the careful walk around , noting the slight drag mark where the head had come out of the water and been pulled a yard across the dirt .
in less than a second , before you would have a chance to move , it could come out of the water and drag you in .
i drag myself out of the car , nearly falling on my ass when i see my mom climb out of the drivers side .
we can drag them , but we have to get them away from the others , i saw the wolf knock down the two vampires , they are laying there , i dont think that they are dead , but maybe we can outrun them , lets go .
i dont have time to explain that now , if my pack finds me , they will find her and drag me back .
i repeat my mantra , i need to slow my anxious heart , drag out my death to give the others time .
half of them want to drag a woman into the gutter and the other half want to preserve her in amber .
it was the sheer shock in phillips voice that caused me to drag my eyes away from the computer .
most of the furniture in the room looked antique and undoubtedly too heavy for me to drag to the door .
tasha knew that roberts had to drag her back through the orchard and the garden to get her back to his van .
other than paying homage to a drag queen on bosom buddies , im hankering to know what your names claim to fame is , hotshot .
the accommodations were a real drag .
since wints present restraints rendered him immobile , molek ordered mason to fetch wint from the caddys backseat and drag him toward the trailers loading door .
at least she didnt say dabney coleman in drag , he sighed .
he looked directly at elijah and took a deep drag on the cigarette .
awnings provide excellent shade and shelter from a gentle rain ; most are large enough to drag a picnic table under .
immediately the three had emerged from the hut , rangi struggled to drag the bodyguard into the hut .
im not going to drag this out with small talk , he said .
i did n't think pujol could manage the huge investment required for a ro-ro ship , and even if he could , it would not be easy to drag an acceptable amount of business away from the competitors .
piotr wasnt moving from his seat , and regardless of how much i desired it , i couldnt drag him to the mansion .
red looks away from clay , takes a long drag from his cigarette .
still , there is a chance , if the guy suspects anything from maggie , that he could follow her around the building just to be sure there is n't anything going on , then circle back to be sure she was n't just a decoy used to drag him away so that clay could escape his watch .
we might display this c2r at your paddock at the drag races .
it really was unfair of her to drag him into this .
how dare you drag my father into this ?
theres a story on halloween in san franciscos castro district , not just the drag queens in high heels , but also the families from the suburbs who come in to gawk .
it would be sheer torture for you to drag me through those mobs of price-hungry zealots .
he was perhaps best known for an article he wrote about da vinci that suggested that mona lisa was in fact the artist himself in drag .
i pulled a fifty out of my wallet , crumpled it up , threw it through his opened window , and said , you want to drag to the light for that ?
he just seemed to be sinking inside himself , and not even caulfield 's sympathy managed to drag him out of it .
i wonder how long i can drag this investigation out , he thought .
you cleaned up , but you didnt drag out all the broken boxes , ripped ribbon , and torn valentine decorations , and place them by the trash ?
in the rear of the canvas use your needle to drag the kitty-cat tail of the floss under the loop formed by the back of the stitch .
if you knew to look for them , you could still see drag marks in the dirt .
amber had the idea she could hold the straw with her toes , and use it to drag the blanket toward her .
but the baxters still have to fight it , spend a ton of money they dont have , and let greene drag their names through the mud .
i just remember seeing her face over me a few times , and then a moment later feeling her tugging and pulling at my arms to drag me out of the house .
i followed the drag marks , the blood trail , and the light until i reached the boat shed .
he didnt think coyotes would drag the body so far up and over the ridge .
could have been a man in drag .
tom , if you can drag yourself away from the football , my dad is in hospital with serious injuries .
i do n't care how many officers you have to drag off leave .
this was his case and he would solve it his way , even if he had to drag a dubious and critical llewellyn along behind him through the entire labyrinth .
look at some of the cases you read about , drag on for weeks they do . '
finally , he took a drag .
by the time i drag my aget home , its too late to go out .
he lit the reefer , watched the paper flare and took a drag .
after hanging the clothes in the closet , he sank into the couch , lit the reefer , took a drag and pulled it deep into his lungs .
he took another long drag held it , as long as he could before it exploded out of his mouth .
if it had been a front tire , she probably would have felt the drag on the steering wheel .
he took another drag on the joint .
scott placed the martini down and took a long drag from the cigar .
he took a drag and exhaled the smoke through his nostrils .
please , she handed me her cigarette to take a drag ; her fingers touched my lips .
after a moment , he took a drag and started to spin his tale .
she took a joint out of her pocket , lit it and took a drag .
i felt the rising urge to stand up , punch juan in his superior face , drag carla to the bathroom , force her head into the toilet and flush .
any burglar with a good eye would be smart enough scan and drag through the clutter .
i froze and shifted my eyes to the left , without moving any other muscle in my body , as i waited for a goon to appear on the front porch to drag me into the house and make me victim 2 .
he seemed to drag a foot and was slower than ever-lovin molasses .
i sure hope i wasnt going to have to testify against him in court or drag his sorry ass down to a police station for questioning .
you drag me away from paris , bring me here , and make me stay in a hotel for a night , with a complete stranger , and run away from the gendarmes , and now you want to just leave me ?
if you want to live , you will have to drag yourself to it .
i asked , wishing i had a coffee and a smoke in my hand to clear up the tendrils of sleep still trying to drag me down .
he justified with a smile as he inhaled another drag on the cigarette and allowed his eyes to take in the room .
i should have known shed drag those out .
twenty minutes later we drove down delta avenue , the main drag in gladstone , staying back as far as possible without losing sight of him .
i motioned her upstairs , watching her feet drag upward at each step .
`` charlie , let 's not drag this out all day . ''
but the amount of money stu hardaway was paying was enough incentive for dagger to drag out his audio equipment .
i thought it would be rather awkward for me since theyd probably drag my ass in for questioning .
edie took a long drag off her cigarette , staring at luke through the smoke .
i waited for kele to drag his canoe up onto the shore , then edged my own canoe closer .
of course , some nights he walks off the dock and we have to drag him out of the lake and dry him off while hes trying to take a chunk out of your arm .
when a person drowns , he said , we sometimes drag the lake with lots of boats .
well , he said , we cant just drag our stuff out there like we got caught hiding in the bushes .
bistros on the main drag on the left .
if youre not back down here by then , ill drag you out .
groggy from the blows and the pain , she barely saw mel half carry , half drag lonnie out the door .
though you did drag the guy out and sink um .
i waited until he went for his third drag before stopping his hand halfway to his face .
rivera took a drag , coughed a little and then forced another to show that he could do it .
i thought he let his voice drift off as he took a drag from the cigarette .
he took a deep drag from his cigarette and a pull from his malt liquor .
gale would no doubt arrest him and drag him off to wait in a cold cell for the magistrate 's pleasure .
i had no right to presume upon his patronage , nor did i want to drag him into something without his knowledge .
they thought at first i 'd come from bow street to drag her back to hampstead .
i do n't want to drag it out anymore .
the lady is a friend of mine , a respectable widow , and i simply cant in good conscience drag her name into this affair .
the confrontation with wong had evidently made samuels change his strategy , because he began to drag her back up the stairs to her room .
not one of them tried to drag the corpse out of normally crystal clear water .
more like something a past-babyhood toddler would drag around .
im planning to drag this asshole back and torturing him to death .
i let her drag me into the infirmary .
taylor , drag him over here .
when that failed , you sent for several of your men to shoot tranquil darts at me and then drag me to be burned alive .
with the suicide talk , they didnt want to drag it out .
he intended to swim after the garbage bag and drag it to the ladder of the sorensen .
as billy slows and lets his idling engine drag the vauxhall up to the entrance to the byre , he sees , through the thickening foliage of ancient rhododendrons , snatches of the good life ; brick and timber , dark wooden frames around the windows , which are georgian in style with multi-paned panels of glass .
he left the room , leaving his sweaty body odor behind , and jenkins took one long last drag before stubbing out his cigarette .
seein how you feel , let walden drag it into court , hank said .
he took a long drag from his cigarette .
she attempted to drag me for about three feet before she turned and began kicking at me .
she didnt want to have to drag the body too far , but it did need to be somewhere where it wouldnt be found too quickly either .
when he saw me struggling to hook up the drag , he stepped in front of me , snapped on the lynch pins , and adjusted the hitch .
`` drag him down past the hay barn . ''
he took a last drag , and stamped out the butt on the sole of his heavy work shoe .
jj said barbara made him drag a lot of boxes out of storage .
he took a nervous drag .
carole took another full drag off her cigarette .
hardly '' jim protested , reaching around to take her hand and drag her towards him .
then the senior forensics officer came up to tell him that fibres had been found in a drag pattern along the roadway near to the building , which were different to the clothing fibres associated with the bloodstains .
had i the right , the callousness to drag my parents through all this ?
maclure had to drag me to the car .
there was no way i was going to drag amanda into this .
or i could kill you here and drag you .
craig took a long drag at his cigarette and tossed it away .
you did not have to drag mover here like this just to show me that your house is empty , she replied more amiably .
the muonshes the one that looks like a purple lady bughas to drag this giant sack with 207 burgers .
i cant drag her into this .
i didnt want to drag you into this , and i felt that with those people after me we could never have a life together here , where youre most happy .
took me a while to string it up though , i had to drag my trunk under the beam .
my arms and legs feel incredibly heavy but i drag myself up and over to the chair , and allow myself to fall into it , its deep , comforting leather sides .
cmon i say to mark , lets go and i drag him up , and pull him , half unconscious , half stumbling , back to his flat .
he laughed as he let her drag him up to the hostess stand .
why would he drag him face down ?
she found it annoying that so many of the men in her life had a tendency to do that , not to mention drag her wherever they wished like a half-trained sheep at a village fair .
he screamed and gareth raced forward to drag him from his place .
kathy took a long drag on the cigarette and exhaled diligently as a way to get the nicotine into her bloodstream and try to calm her nerves .
however their letching at the ladies had been reduced somewhat after the incident a few months back when they had the unfortunate notion of letching at someone as they walked into the station only to realise it was actually a man in drag .
six o'clock , it was time to drag himself out of the relative warmth of his bed and into the real world .
he took a long drag on his cigarette , as if to show the depth of his appreciation .
st cloud took a drag on the cigarette .
two women , mother and daughter would be my guess , bred in the fashion of chinese whispers , both wearing near identical sportswear and both carrying that fat gene , the one activated after eating copious amounts of cake , furiously drag a reluctant , bounty laden shopping trolley up along the beach .
haywood leaned back in his chair and took another long drag , savoring the cigarette before blowing the smoke into the air .
at least they wouldnt have to drag her too far to book her into jail for murder .
adult mountain lions are large enough to drag a body away , and i had read they roam all over montana .
im not coming out there to drag your sorry ass back in here , his partner scolded .
so he had to communicate that message in some other manner , such as forcing me to drag it out of him .
jane swiveled on her bar stool and took a deep drag on her cigarette .
if the survivor ca n't let go - cut them loose , i guess - the dead will drag them right into the grave .
i had n't anticipated that sleep would drag me down before i 'd even had a chance to thank manfred for coming to see me .
vittoria waited for him to grab her and drag her back inside .
he steadied himself against the magnified drag of gravity as the camerlegno accelerated the craft straight up .
mathematical figures tumbled through his brain , but he was too numb to make sense of them ... one square yard of drag ... 20 percent reduction of speed .
do n't drag your feet .
the rest of the contents sounded like the garbage his wife , erma , used to drag home from yard sales .
when terri looked up , he used his thumb to gently wipe the damp streak along her cheek and leaned over to kiss her , `` i knew better than to drag you into my problems . ''
he took a drag and started hacking .
you drag us down here in the middle of the night because you 're so impressed by it .
for a moment , fache considered radioing the guards in the entresol and telling them to stop sophie and drag her back up here before she could leave the premises .
`` is it true that the mona lisa is a picture of da vinci in drag ?
amid the screams and shouts of the crowd , sean was trying to get rue to her feet so he could drag her out of the melee .
what i do n't understand is why you keep trying to drag me into it .
she did n't even know what the hell she would do if she did find a way inside , so it was probably best not to drag ginette along .
and now it seemed unfair to drag him into this mess , when she 'd told him countless times to stay out of her life .
and with the spade-shaped piece at the end , i had to cut it in two and then drag each of the chunks down into the ditch by hand .
ethan began to drag himself down the pipe .
so why drag someone 's name through the mud ? ''
he explained in clear language that the case had top priority with him and he would not allow it to drag on .
he had every reason to drag things along , at $ 150 an hour , but he had judge atlee breathing down his neck too .
`` my point is that these cases can drag on . ''
they often slid from one workday to the next , but he was determined not to drag them through the weekend .
i 'm trying to use the police to drag him back .
you and sheila lambert helped drag him out during the melee .
`` they drag me out of the car .
sato lit a cigarette , took a long drag , and gazed down at the ziploc bag of bellamy 's items .
she lit a cigarette and took a long drag , savoring the warmth as it permeated her lungs .
that 's how long it 's taken you to get up from the editorial desk , walk the fifteen metres to frisk 's desk , and drag yourself over here with him . ''
if george had been forced to kill the man here , he would have to clean up the blood , get rid of any possible clues , and worst of all , drag a body to his car without anybody seeing .
and i do n't give a shit if i have to drag down my own father , half of washington , and the damn cancer center to do it . ''
that would give him the opportunity to drag the bodies to the elevator , head down to the basement , get them out through the tunnel george had used , and put them in the trunk of his car .
`` quentin , i 'm sorry if she tried to drag you into her little game .
maya took another drag and shook her head .
he raggedly took another drag , his hand shaking a little and his eyes darting around .
instead , she took one more drag , threw the butt in the dewy grass , and turned back toward the main house .
the only time hanna recalled her dad meeting mike was when he 'd taken hanna , aria , and the others to a music festival at penn 's landing-aria had had to drag mike along because mr. and mrs. montgomery were out of town .
`` believe what you want , but do n't drag me into it , okay ?
they had to practically drag amelia up to the co-op on 8 , which brimmed with thousands of wardrobe options .
when it was just ali and cassie in the car , cassie lit another cigarette , took a drag , and passed it to ali .
she took a left and walked to the main drag of shops right down the road .
maybe it was another dude in drag .
secrets are such a drag .
she did n't want to drag them into the scandal .
maybe she had someone help her drag ian 's body out of the woods that night after we found him .
`` aria and i pile on her , then drag her to the car , '' emily added .
sophie took a long drag on her cigarette .
of course cher would be a dude in drag .
she offered aria a drag of the cigarette , but aria shook her head .
she bent her knees , picking up her boots so they would n't drag on the ground , and angled her tube toward the steepest part of the hill .
he took another nervous drag .
the others finished their drinks , too , and courtney flagged down a seven-foot-tall bartender who looked suspiciously like a drag queen .
the sedatives pulled harder at him now , and he felt as if earth 's gravity were growing stronger by the second , trying to drag him down through his mattress .
`` ok. '' that did sound good , realizing i could talk about it afterward , that i would n't come home to silence and emptiness , drag through days and days rehashing the tensions in my family .
`` you drag me through one of the worst kills of my recent past , and you stand there and bitch because i made you remember something wonderful .
chapter 25 it was early afternoon when i finally managed to drag myself out of jett 's steamy bed to text sylvie i 'd be back home in an hour , in case she had forgotten .
clarkson most certainly had an assistant , but would he really drag her into any dirty affairs and risk exposure ?
i remember the dream - me reaching out at that moment and grabbing hold of her , pulling her in close , trying desperately to drag elizabeth back with me .
maybe i could somehow drag over a dumpster , stand on it , and leap again .
`` ricky , this is a drag .
and bjurman had presented the matter as though he was only trying to take a shortcut through the plodding bureaucratic procedure in which everything was stamped `` confidential '' and hush-hush and could drag on for months .
sooner or later zalachenko would manage to get out of the woodshed and drag himself to the house .
but not infrequently his business clients would drag in private problems that had a tendency to create unwelcome turmoil .
`` lisbeth , we ca n't just ... '' `` if you go on nagging , i 'll drag you back to martin 's grotto and chain you up again . ''
`` and you saw them drag her in cuffs ? ''
bonnie took a last drag and tossed the cigarette on the ground .
of course it 's hard to drag yourself across walls unless you 're spider-man . ''
`` oh , please , do not drag me into this . ''
it felt like a cruel hoax , that this warm bed was an illusion , that soon they 'd drag him back and lock him away forever .
when she took a step back , the big man said , `` you want me to drag you out of here in cuffs ? ''
matt was n't sure what exactly , but he knew that it was something bad- something that made whoever was behind this want to drag them back to a place like this .
other times she would drag emma to the nearest department store and buy her two of everything .
do n't drag ethan into it .
they 'd spent the rest of last night in silence , looking up at the stars , and holding hands until emma had to drag herself back to the mercers ' .
i do n't want to drag you down with me .
`` we do n't want to drag you back , sir , we only want the truth as you know it . ''
but she left halfway through the number , and since it was sort of schmaltzy for a place like englander 's , we dropped it and swung into a ragtime version of `` the varsity drag . ''
`` i 'd rather drag myself there than think about last night . ''
there was so much promise in his words that she was ready to call it quitting time and drag him upstairs .
christian snatched the beer from brennen and threw it away , then took another drag of his dunhill .
rather than go to court and drag this out , exposing his secrets ; he agreed to my terms . ''
`` no one can drag you back to that dark place again . ''
logan took a drag from the cigarillo .
she slid into her sandal flats and went to the guest bathroom to brush her teeth , drag a comb through her hair , and wipe off two smudges of mascara under her eyes .
before one of her cousins could drag her off , she grabbed ryan 's hand .
the one that had her yearning to grab his hand and drag him to her bed .
as if wild horses could drag melanie and bankston away from each other !
she abandoned her post but insisted we drag a chair over to the window .
okay , time to drag out the big guns .
he looked as though normally he could climb a mountain without breathing hard , and sandy could probably drag a sled through the snow for a few miles .
they could n't drag him , not far .
the men drag me deeper into the warehouse , to a series of six white tents that remind me of a field hospital .
i will not follow them into zimmerman 's pet store no matter how many times they try to drag me there .
there was frank hellerman , a senior vo-tech kid who built souped-up cars on the weekends and was rumored to drag race out on route 422 .
takes a long drag instead .
he takes another drag .
but the fame began to drag on him .
i struck a match , feeling the drag of friction .
i leave them planning our grocery list , and drag my suitcase back down the hall to the room tate mentioned , by the front door .
the maid in the hallway , open-mouthed as they drag me into the elevator .
i 've already taken my sleeping pill , so i drag , disoriented , as the guard leads me down the hallway , past the interview rooms , and up into a part of the prison i 've never been before .
he took a deep drag of his cigarette as he waited .
he gave his head a tiny shake , taking another long drag on the cigarette .
taking another drag , zane tipped his head .
even worse , he could feel the dangerous allure of it , threatening to drag him under with wanting it .
`` i did n't figure my new partner would want to drag me home , '' he said with a slightly sly smile .
those who 'd been strong enough to drag the town 's treasures up there in 1861 had all been sent off to war .
`` this is gon na hurt , '' deuce told zane suddenly , and before zane could fully drag his attention away from ty , deuce snapped his nose back into place with one quick motion of his hands and laid a small piece of first-aid tape across the bridge to hold it in place .
zane huffed quietly , took a last drag off the cigarette , and ground it out on the rock underfoot .
sanchez and o'flaherty would drag him out , but ... no .
he seemed to be trying his best to make zane drag him to bed .
he reached up to drag his fingers through zane '' s wet hair .
`` cold is better than on fire , '' ty argued , though he let zane drag him back .
this definitely wasnt the place , or the time , no matter how much zanes instincts were screaming at him to drag ty away from here to somewhere safe so he could take care of him .
he was on the main drag through the apartment .
he reached out to drag his fingers down tys chest to his belly , where zanes come had smeared between them .
and ty was thinking he might have to drag him out and tie him down to keep him from violence before the night was over .
he took another long drag .
ty pulled at his hands as the pain seared through him , desperate to be able to drag his fingers down zane 's back , but zane held fast .
`` now do you want to do this nicely , have time to pack your uzi in your underwear , or do we get to cuff you and drag you out ? ''
`` you need a valium or something , '' cameron said under his breath as he tried to hurry enough that ty would n't drag him .
`` yes , i was forced to drag along behind him as he rid the room of every single shiny thing , '' julian said .
he became distracted by the drag of his fingertips against zane 's thigh .
zane smiled , letting his fingers drag against ty 's skin .
he could n't grip zane 's arm , could n't drag his hand over zane 's back , could n't even work at any of zane 's buttons .
ty would tighten those muscles and zane would cry out and drag his fingernails down ty 's side as he tried to buck his hips .
`` we 've really got to stop doing this out in public , '' ty mumbled , sounding insincere as he continued to work zane 's shirt loose and drag his hands against zane 's bare skin .
he would have given anything to be able to drag ty behind a tree .
stuart was limping , trying not to drag his foot .
he watched his hands drag across ty 's skin , leaving red streaks behind that soon disappeared .
he reached to drag his hand up ty 's arm , appreciating the slide of his muscles .
zane reached down to drag his fingers over ty 's shoulder in warning .
ty fell to his back on the steps , using the weight of his own body to drag nick down .
nick managed a smile , and kelly kissed him once more , but he still could n't drag his eyes open as kelly left the room .
`` i got ta go , '' i mumbled , bending double , ass in the air , fingers curling around the edge of my suitcase to drag it out of the room .
nothin ' to drag them down . ''
she bopped to her desk and minutes later i saw sandy drag in .
i drag my woman up there , you got ta tell me how i can get her ass outta bed to get me donuts .
`` in case you had n't noticed , colt , shit goes down in this burg and when it does , it tries to drag good women down with it .
layne took one last drag and then crushed out his cigarette on the exhale knowing now this invitation to dinner was more than a family get together .
he took another drag and prepared to flick the mostly unsmoked cigarette out into the landscaping when he saw movement .
he felt her nails drag his back and he groaned into her mouth , his lips sliding down her jaw and her head turned so her mouth was at his ear .
he took a drag and on the exhale flipped open his phone and called merry .
layne let the silence stretch and waited for dave 's response as he took a drag and exhaled .
`` fuck , '' he whispered , lifting his smoke , taking a drag and exhaling as he dropped his hand , staring at the license plates on the cars and memorizing them .
merry took a drag from his cigarette .
`` um ... '' i treaded cautiously but pointed out , `` you did kind of drag me to your house in the middle of the night . ''
she swung her hand to her face , took a drag then swung her hand out as she exhaled the smoke .
and there were several bars closer to the raceway , their clientele transient , mostly rough folk , drag , nascar and midget race groupies , going to those places because they were close and convenient to the campgrounds .
i was n't going to drag duke into this mess .
we 'd been living next to each other for years , he was used to my escapades , not to mention he was a drag queen .
`` he 's from texas and he 's a drag queen .
tod and the rest of the drag community of denver often did fund raisers where they lip-synched their hearts out and gave their tips to charity .
as tod said , `` they do n't call it drag for nothing , girlie . ''
i 'm on drag duty so i have to stay until the bitter end . ''
take my advice , never heckle a drag queen .
i lip sync with drag queens .
`` anyway , tod 's asked me to do drag duty . ''
`` jet , i did n't want to drag you into this but i have no choice . ''
now that i got him away from mom and trixie , i wanted to drag my feet .
`` wel , he 's a drag queen and generous with his wardrobe . ''
his drag name was burgundy rose and he looked in danger of proposing a road show .
i never thought he 'd drag me across country , on the run from what had to be bad guys and put me in even worse danger from them than i had from him .
we al spent a lot of time talking about which song he should sing in his drag show while wearing my shoes .
tod had explained he 'd never worn it , hard for a drag queen to go backless , even though he tried .
she 'd never heard me share information about myself freely , certainly not something important , without her having to drag it out of me .
i walked away slowly , wanting to be in his presence for as long as i could drag it out .
that same time i 've been strugglin ' with the urge to walk away from my mother , drag you back to my bed , rip your f**kin ' clothes off and bury myself so deep inside you , you feel me in your throat . ''
indy got shot at while performing with a drag queen .
god only knew what horrors sofia would drag out of my closet as payback for yesterday .
hank was taking a drag off his beer .
we were going out to dinner and they were taking me to a drag show afterwards .
the minute the first drag queen came out ( her name was burgundy rose and she was also the hilarious , sharp-tongued mc ) and lip-synced celine dion 's `` my heart will go on '' with more diva gravitas than even queen diva dion could , i was transfixed .
tex boomed at the drag queen and i jumped , looked away from hector , luckily before he caught me watching him and , i could n't help myself , i smiled at tex .
indy disappeared then for some reason diva drag queen of the evening , burgundy rose came out ( indy at her side ) , walked right up to me and pulled me into a deep hug .
then they shared how vance and jules ( the black-haired lady from the drag show ) got together .
it was tod and , out of burgundy rose drag , he was tall , slim and had a crew cut .
i had on killer strappy black sandals that i 'd borrowed from indy , who had borrowed them from our friend tod , the premier drag queen in denver , and she 'd not returned them .
so although i had a lot on my mind , i was also scanning the area just in case tex 's radar pinged and sent him on a mission to ream my ass , throw away my latte and drag me to fortnum 's to make me a coffee .
`` well , just saying , she even looks at me funny , in your reception area you 're gon na have a knockdown , drag out , hair pulling , nails scratching bitch smackdown catfight that might be so extreme , it 'll make the papers . ''
`` sounds like a drag name , '' he commented .
cops did n't drag lakes looking for survivors .
did n't see any r-reason t-to drag it out . ''
fishing my lighter from a front pocket , i set the end aflame and take a quick drag .
`` then why drag all of us here , if it 's already been explored ? ''
all she could do was slide one leg forward and drag her body along behind it .
the sinking pontoon , acting like a drag , spun the boat .
we use it or we drag our way along on the plastic sleds . ''
bennie straightened , drew one last drag on his cigar , then dropped and stubbed it into the snow .
if lacy tried to drag herself ... '' amanda stared at the amount of blood on the floor .
juan 's corpse lay upon a neighboring gold tile , where he had managed to drag himself before dying .
she took a long drag , sighing appreciatively and loudly .
she watched the friar take a long drag on the cigarette .
david took a drag on his cigarette .
hidden in the shadow of the crumbling wall , jack took a quick drag from the pony tank 's regulator , then tossed it aside .
he took a deep drag on the cigarette .
olin helped drag the moaning man into the cave .
`` drag him up ! ''
at the moment danny watched his father drag a crab trap out of the muddy reeds .
`` drag her back by her hair if she gives you any trouble . ''
if we ever hope to find it , we 'd best not drag our feet .
but why drag him back here and hide him ?
they 'd never drag it free .
kat filled the buoyancy vest and kicked upward , fighting the drag of her tank and weight belt .
he turned next to kat and waved to the guards that flanked her to drag her in front of the others .
out on the water , the gunfire had ended , replaced by the roar of the engine as the boat sought to drag itself free .
supposedly the balinese witch queen rangda was born out of this navel , and her demons still protect her birthplace , beasts who rose out of the deep to drag the unsuspecting down to her watery underworld .
crestfallen , she allowed lisa to drag her away .
'after such tragedy , i am loath to drag a.f .
no wonder painter was so hesitant to drag this guy back into his life .
if they did n't leap far enough , the undertow caused by the plunging tower would drag them all down .
he headed away from the clamor of the main drag and down a maze of tight alleys .
his only hope was that the assassins would drag their feet long enough to scavenge anything of value on their way out , but he could n't count on that .
she stood , stretched and knelt by the pool to drag in the raft .
my borrowed boots drag and squelch , but i do n't stop sprinting until i have cut across heath street , where i spy what must be the tavern .
my sodden skirts drag along the carpet runner , then the polished parquet floor , as i tread steady , a sleepwalker , down the familiar hallway and into the drawing room , which overspills its gilded jewel box of assembled guests .
and even if the shock of anthony travolo had n't receded , at least i was dealing with it consciously again , and his death was mine to drag around with me , along with my own recovery .
doubling back when she reached the end of town , she turned left at a sign that said yerington to see what might be off the main drag .
one night was n't much , but emma knew that when it was late and dark and lonely like this , one night could drag on forever .
`` on the main drag , a couple blocks west of here . ''
it 's not fair to drag you into this .
he did n't like the financial repercussions of divorce , either , but he figured it was preferable to get that over with and start rebuilding rather than let the marriage drag on until he had even more to lose .
she never darkened his door , except to drag her son away .
these men could easily shoot him , drag his body into the woods and steal his cruiser .
myles had to drag his tired ass out of bed .
could they drag her into the woods without her mother hearing ?
`` but we could drag every member of that gang into my office and interrogate the hell out of them for hours and not a single one would talk , because nothing we 're at liberty to do can compare with what 'll happen to them if they rat out a fellow member . ''
although badly beaten , she 'd managed to drag herself several feet away and sat shivering in stunned silence , watching the interplay between officer and felon as if she feared there might still be a chance that ink could escape .
the fatigue claire had been feeling earlier began to drag at her as they left the restaurant , but everyone else wanted to go dancing , so she figured she 'd have to catch up on her sleep tomorrow .
but why drag tug from his bed ?
the weight of the garment settled around her , its length falling past her feet to drag on the ground .
but she would n't drag her brother away , not into such uncertainty .
maybe they 'll set another fire , and maybe next time i wo n't be around to drag you out . ''
`` i know you have no right to drag me out of bed and start slinging orders . ''
mike took a long drag , letting the smoke curl slowly into the air .
it makes me want to drag you home and up to your bedroom .
it was a final jab , an attempt to drag him back onto the old , familiar battlefield , where she could continue to manipulate him through his love for maria .
what followed topped even that -- the panic that came with realization , the permanence of what had happened , the blood splattered everywhere , the heavy lifeless body clay had had to drag from the house .
after all the effort he 'd put into getting her alone , it was still difficult to drag anything out of him .
she did n't want to drag her brother into this .
`` he hated me ... . '' she struggled to drag the words out of the dark place inside her where the memories remained .
then she would n't have to face madeline when they unearthed her father 's bones , would n't have to drag kennedy and his boys through everything to come .
i 'm guessing whoever kidnapped these girls did n't have to drag them from the car . ''
he 'd unchain latisha and drag her ass out of here if he had to .
if she did , he 'd have to drag her back and force her to resume the way they 'd been-or kill her .
they could even drag the local police into this , a possibility that brings the potential for a second trial . ''
she was n't completely certain of her sister anymore ; maybe it had n't been smart to drag tati into this .
she 'd drag her bleeding body all the way to her car , if necessary , but she would n't let him get away with what he 'd done .
he took a final drag , dropped the cigarette on the concrete walkway and ground it out .
they 'll drag you away to writhe in torment ! ''
every time i think zoe 's out of my life , you drag her back into it ! ''
breathing a sigh of relief , he silently begged her to hang on while he tied his gun to koda 's collar so the black-and-tan could drag it home .
`` you cut classes , you started drag racing , you slugged a male teacher who tried to send you to the office .
she started to drag her suitcase from the bed , but he reached around her and picked it up .
`` but cases like this drag on .
he took a long drag on his cigarette .
if he caught her while she was trying to get in , it 'd be all too easy to drag her out and- she could n't let herself think of what came after `` and . ''
the chain on her leg was long enough , but she 'd have to drag valerie with her , and she had no intention of even trying .
she feared it might drag the truth out of him someday .
she took another drag on her cigarette .
as the working day came to a close , she 'd stare out her office window , watching the parking lot as if she 'd see him hovering in the shadows , waiting to drag her into the bushes the second she stepped outside .
in some deep recess of her brain , she knew if oliver managed to drag her back inside the house she would n't come out of it alive .
the walk around the house and into the salvage yard seemed to drag on forever .
`` no reason to drag my friends into this .
maybe he was afraid you were trying to drag him even deeper into a mess he knows he 's better off avoiding .
but- '' he took another long drag on his cigarette `` -if she 's got tetas ... '' another blast of smoke hit benita in the face , making her cough .
`` welcome home , '' he muttered as he passed the drugstore , the family-owned grocery , serrano 's western wear and the catholic church his mother used to drag him to each sunday .
there 's no need to drag other people into this . ''
they could n't talk about the safe house and he had enough honor not to drag her down with him by mentioning that he 'd ultimately gone to her place .
he managed to grab hold of the man 's shirt and drag him to the floor .
she took another drag .
`` ca n't be easy to drag lumber all the way up here . ''
while some let go , four men continued to drag him to the gate .
benny sent a crew to drag him back to novak , and he was gone when they got there . ''
he swore and grabbed paulie 's elbow to drag him back to his apartment .
i could n't escape the drag and pull of it .
i laughed a little and took a drag on the smoke that was dangling out of my mouth .
every part of him was hot where we touched , and the drag and pull of his unyielding flesh against my quivering inner muscles had me spiraling out of control all over again .
you think you 're going to drag him in here , threaten him , and i 'm going to roll over and play nice ?
nassir had sighed and started to drag me through the empty club .
he takes a long drag of his cigarette and he ashes it , eyes fixated on me .
i moan , bit his lip , slip my hands up the back of my shirt and drag my nails against his flesh , completely untamed .
the guy in charge must have been on the big guys ' payroll , because he did n't offer a single objection to lucy 's desire to drag an unconscious heath shannon into one of the tanning rooms .
he did n't drag them out .
`` now , '' michael said , `` are you going to tell me what happened today , or do i have to drag it out of dean ? ''
i did n't drag the knife over her cheekbones .
`` when i look back on it , i still ca n't believe i allowed him to drag me into that project .
whatever progress he had made in the struggle to drag deke out of the netherworld inside his computer had been lost when the news of meredith spooner 's death had reached them .
do n't drag your personal conspiracy theories concerning mrs. walker 's death into this thing . ''
zack put the car in gear and drove slowly along the cove 's narrow main drag , following the suv carrying rafanelli and his team .
he growled and grabbed her ankle to drag her over to him .
he made himself drag his gaze from louisa and continue .
to drag her mind from such thoughts , she slid the paper from her glove .
`` i drag myself across the continent of europe , traveling in trains and musty cabs to be his eyes and ears , and he says , 'is this all ' ? ''
she tried to drag in a breath , but her lungs would n't work , and the room began to ripple .
`` and why the devil do you drag mrs. barrington into every conversation ? ''
ian 's eyes were dark with rage , and without a word , he began to drag her away .
he glanced over his shoulder as though the police might come flooding in any moment to drag him away to a dank , dark dungeon .
he seized my arm and tried to drag me away with him . ''
on his bed last night he 'd wanted to spread her golden hair in his hands , drag it over her bare br**sts , kiss the lips that talked back to him so saucily .
she half feared he would make good his threat and drag her to the nearest clump of bushes , but cameron only cupped her face with a gentle hand .
but the queen will get her clutches into you , drag you back into her world , where she is the sun and the moon .
hart descended at grosvenor square , telling david to continue to neely 's home and get the man to bed-and resisted the urge to drag eleanor into the house .
in a place where the strongest of men became raving lunatics , the darkness crouched , waiting to drag him back down to it .
every hand trying to drag it where the gentleman wants it to go .
you came here to find me so you could drag me to the magistrates . ''
a farmer with a draft horse had to drag them out of the mud .
if i catch you again , i will drag you to a magistrate .
of course , if i drink more of this treacle , i might ask you to drag me off and end my misery . ''
the last time i stood with you at a supper ball , you had your eyes on a jaded widow eager to drag you off to bed .
i tried to drag my eyes away and listen , but it dawned on me just then that there was something else .
her friend , who i 'd been kind of talking to , grabbed my hand , tried to drag me up .
i lean forward to undo her jeans , carefully pulling them down , making sure to drag my fingers across her skin while i move them down her smooth legs .
i hook my fingers into the flimsy material around her hips and drag it away from her body , exposing her naked flesh in front of me .
wrapping my hands around her head , i slowly drag my fingers through her hair , encouraging her to come closer .
i grab brax 's arm and drag him towards the door .
grasping the bottom of it , i slowly drag it upwards and my fingers lightly graze her skin as i move it higher , pulling it over her head .
she begins to drag her nails up my chest to my shoulders .
`` let 's go before i drag you out of here and back to our bed , '' he says through gritted teeth , letting me know he 's as on edge as i am .
i could n't afford to pay for a locksmith myself so i 'd drag a dresser in front of the door at night for security . ''
she 'd drag her dresser in front of the door to keep the drunk next door from making good on his promise to join her at night .
she took a drag and exhaled a puff of smoke into the surprisingly warm air .
but as much as i 'd like to drag out your death-really make you suffer , you know ? -i 'm afraid i do n't have a lot of time at the moment .
another deep drag , another slow exhalation .
he took one last drag , jabbed out his smoke in the ashtray , and left the bedroom without another word .
d took another deep drag of his smoke .
he took another drag , but the nicotine did nothing to eradicate his sense of restless boredom .
luke took a deep drag .
luke rolled his eyes , then took a deep drag on his cigarette .
`` and i 'm not about to drag him into this .
but as he drew nearer , i happened to drag my attention up from his arm , over his shoulder to his bare throat .
i had to find out what was happening with the inner circle , but more importantly , i had to drag miss holmes out of there before she got herself in trouble .
i was using what little breath i could drag in to propel me after the pickpocket .
i struggled to drag myself out of the cloying material while fumbling in my deep pocket for the vial of holy water ... ...
miss holmes aftermath it was a terrible , horrifying task to drag willa ashton from what had been la societe 's lair .
i 'm afraid i had to drag your body inside .
two officers helped drag him outside .
he would n't have been able to drag her away from ridgeway .
dumont took a long drag on his cigarette .
or tell dante to drag his sorry ass out of your bed and open the door ! ''
man , the way these things drag on the ground , i 'd hate to do laundry in this place .
`` but you ca n't just drag me around the city !
she reached out a hand as though to catch one , then let her hand drop and took another drag of her cigarette .
trenton was aware of the slow drag of time , the air in the house stifling , thick with funeral smells .
and , apparently , i do n't have a choice , so i drag myself back to the bedroom to get my things .
`` yup , '' richelle responds , continuing to drag me through the house and into the kitchen .
sean leaned his head back , took a drag from his cigarette , and blew it out at the ceiling .
cawley nodded and took a drag off his cigarette .
he sat up in the dark and smelled the cigarette smoke before he saw the coal and the coal flared as sheehan took a drag on the cigarette and watched him .
he took a drag from it , the fat forgotten ash tipping forward and dropping to the bar .
' '' she took a drag on the cigarette .
i took my second drag on the cigarette and immediately felt lightheaded .
he took another drag off his cigarette and his eyes left us and followed the smoke as it pirouetted from the ash and floated over angie 's shoulder .
she took a drag off her cigarette , peered over the bright coal at me .
she leaned back and cupped her elbow in her hand as she took a drag from a white cigarette so long it could have hit somebody in the kitchen if she 'd turned without warning .
bubba turned off the main drag onto the access road that cut through the edge of the myles standish forest and would eventually lead us to the bog .
she crossed her arms so that her right elbow was cupped in her left palm as she took another drag .
a sucking noise as he took a drag off his cigarette and flicked the ash onto the faux-oak floor .
he chuckled and took a long drag on his cigarette .
captain coughlin took another slow drag from his cigar .
`` when the press hears , they 'll ... '' his voice drifted off and he took a drag off his cigarette .
ruth had actually seen this one , allowing helen to drag him to it shortly after the new year began , even though frazee , true to the rumors of his jew heritage , had failed to comp the tickets .
she took the cigarette from molly 's hand , a practiced gesture between friends , and took a quick drag before handing it back .
she put the tray aside , lifted her cigarette out of an ashtray and took a drag , looked about to yawn with three guns pointed at her .
the dodge was what they 'd been trying to drag joe into when thomas and the cavalry had arrived .
it 'll take two more to drag him .
flicking the lighter , the end of my cigarette sizzled before it glowed red while i pulled in a long drag of smoke .
i drag my body from the bed , throw on a baggy t-shirt and jeans shorts .
lily tries to drag me off again , but i stay my course .
while everyone else is well rested and off to explore mexico , lo and i have to drag ourselves out of bed .
sebastian takes a long drag and breathes the smoke right into connor 's face .
i 'll be home before you know it , and i 'll let you drag me to serendipity despite the calories .
she took a drag on the hookah and could feel a slight buzz from both the alcohol and tobacco already .
she sucked harder on her milkshake , hoping he would n't drag this out .
then , as she began to drag him back to their cars , he hoisted her up into his arms and carried her into the park himself .
she knew she should n't drag her feet and put off the inevitable .
wrapping my hands around her neck , i lean back against the wall and drag her in front of me .
instead , i watch her head lift and her eyes drag up my body with slow determination .
i take a long drag of my black coffee .
`` i do n't want her ... '' he lets the last word drag , as if willing me to fill in the second half of his thought .
those days were almost impossible to get through and i ca n't let jude drag me back there .
i nod and drag my eyes down the menu , reading over all of the topping options .
she arches into my hand as i drag my palm against her pink buds , kneading and twisting them .
my back arches sharply and my butt sticks out as i drag my hands through my hair .
the pads of my fingers drag along the sharp v-cut under his abs .
i raise my eyebrows sardonically , `` good to know where his loyalties lie ... '' `` jude ... '' she protests , not wanting to drag bennett down with her .
i take a long drag of the tequila and relish the pain as it burns down my throat , setting my mouth ablaze .
i will drag you out of this room or you will come willingly .
it was - he was licking now , letting his tongue drag over her most sensitive regions , over and over again .
i 'm filled with the urge to take him by the hand , drag him back into my bedroom , and strip him .
breathing deep , i pull almost all the way out , feeling her inner walls drag against my length before i plunge deep inside and she clings to me , a low moan sounding close to my ear .
i hate that i made her feel so bad she could hardly drag herself out of bed .
hunter 's lips parted , and gretchen thought for a moment that he might break the distance between them and drag her against him in a wild kiss .
she rolled her h*ps a little , taking him deeper , but moving slowly-he was thick and exquisite and she wanted to drag this out for both his pleasure and hers .
she 'd had to come into his office to drag him to bed .
`` it 's going to be hard and rough , '' he murmured , sliding his fingers up her mound to drag down the fabric of her panties in a possessive gesture .
`` is that a hint for me to drag you off into my cave ? ''
he wanted to go to audrey and explain why he could n't push camilla away , and why he had to keep her focused attention on himself when all he really wanted to do was drag audrey against him and kiss her again .
she took a long drag , then pulled it from her lips and flicked the ashes to the ground .
she took another drag on her cigarette and then pulled it out of her mouth and stared at it thoughtfully .
by the end , her feet hurt like hell , she probably had those blisters he 'd mentioned , and the cold was setting in , and he 'd still had to drag her off the ice .
feeling the cool metal of his piercing drag across my skin was exhilarating .
my life was in shambles and i was putting my trust in the one person that i knew could drag me down even further .
`` please do n't make me drag this out of you . ''
and he grabbed my hand to drag me away before she said anything else that would embarrass him . ''
he leaned in to drag his parted lips along my neck .
and you 've had to drag my sorry ass around the entire time , taking care of me every minute .
before she could drag me away , i heard a quick yelp , followed by a splash in the pool .
if i talked to another man , he 'd drag me around the house by my hair . ''
but mom has to go be near them and drag tyler with her just because it will hurt dad .
so i drag the impossible vacuum out of the closet and get to work .
csilla took a drag off of her cigarette and blew it up over my head .
smiling sweetly , she took one final drag and ground the butt under her heel .
`` god no , they 'd drag me out of here so fast , you 'd see the smoke trails . ''
i managed to drag my eyes up to her face , her lips twisted in a soft smile .
laughing even harder , i grab their hands and drag them out to the middle of the dance floor .
i will have to spend a day with dee , allowing her to take over and drag me all over the state shopping but it will work .
i did n't drag you down here to give you a tour , i do n't need to catch up on the latest town gossip and i sure as f**k did n't bring you here for the company , so that just leaves one thing .
`` as much as i would love to drag you back into that bedroom and take you now , i want time to play .
ca n't wait to get back here so i can drag you back to the bedroom .
his blue eyes are burning into my own , begging for permission to drag me away from here .
when i part my folds and drag a finger through my wetness , his hand stops stroking and his eyes flash .
so , not only is my much needed sleep interrupted by a frantic phone call , and having to drag myself over to my mother 's house to deal with susan in her drunken rage , but now i have to deal with another crayon not bright enough for the box .
his tone has a sharper edge to it , and i know this is not a point to drag my feet on .
my head is pounding like i 've just come off a weeklong bender , my throat and lungs burn with every breath i take , my arms and legs feel as if i 've just worked out at that torturous spin class izzy likes to drag me to , and oddly enough , even my hair hurts .
i did n't let go of him , so he had to drag me right along .
why 'd he drag you across the parking lot ? ''
i drag my fingers over the toned muscles , feeling him beneath my fingers .
`` you do n't date , unless i drag you with me-and honestly , straddling teacher-guy was the most action you 've gotten since we met . ''
aimee liked to joke that dale would drag me around by the hair like a neanderthal if he had his way .
i begrudgingly drag myself off the couch and place my hand on the glass .
after i 'm finished , i drag the garbage can out to the curb , and then i stand there taking in the neighborhood .
i decide what to do next for the day because if i do n't find something to keep me distracted , the hours are going to drag .
`` in fact , i think he 'll probably drag this on as long as possible , at least that 's what everyone was whispering about in the shadow realm . ''
`` hey , i did n't drag her into anything ! ''
i could only drag you as far as this bench before your pal tricky feigned a cramp in his leg and took off for the nearest bar .
they will drag you to hell if they can .
i drag the ladder over and pull down her box , which feels very light .
i drag him to the shoe section .
i walk back , grab his hand , and drag him with me .
ty never looks away from me and he pulls me even closer , though my feet drag , making me stumble .
owen asks when i drag him into our apartment and shut the door .
he 'd take a drag from whatever he was smoking at the time and blow it out .
`` come see my pictures , '' lexie said , changing directions and trying to drag me to her room .
or drag him to the elevator , push him in and watch the doors close .
`` i 've got it , '' he said again , heaving a swearing and thrashing zack to his feet and starting to drag him out of the house .
i did n't want it to drag her down too .
she smiled and laughed as i used the hem of her t-shirt to drag her back to the couch .
i scrambled across the gravel driveway on my hands and knees , agony lancing through me as i unheedingly used my shattered arm to drag myself toward kyle .
i took a drag , tasted the smoke , blew it out , coughed again , but less this time .
a second chair sat a few feet away from colton 's , and he held the guitar by the neck as he reached out to drag the chair closer .
he glanced at me , gesturing to me with the pipe ; i shook my head , like i always did , and he took another long drag .
becca tangled her fingers in mine as soon as i was upright and out of the car ; she basically had to drag me into the house .
jason stood two spots away from colt , and it took every ounce of willpower i had to not drag him into the back of the church and have my way with him .
was n't it the duty of the wife or girlfriend to drag her man to bed when he pushed himself too hard ?
his idea of working out was hammering something into shape , not uselessly hitting a bag , and i suspected natasha had had to drag him to meet us .
i mean , i still have to drag him out of the workshop at 3am sometimes , but he 's doing it because he loves it , not because he feels he has to . ''
i would look directly at it , but i 'm unable to drag my eyes away from our clasped hands .
there is n't much that could drag me away from her willing little body .
i drag her back and lock us into a dressing room , dropping my arm full of stuff and pulling her into a hug .
`` drag me into this ? ''
i do n't want to drag you into my shit .
her fingernails drag against my skin as she runs her hands up to my chest .
i drag my body to the ambulance where kevin asks me to climb inside .
we could have had the asian elvis , or the marilyn monroe drag queen . ''
groaning , i wrestle the dolly around and drag it down the hallway .
despite the responsibilities demanding my attention , i ca n't drag myself away from her .
but if there is one thing i 'm sure of , more sure of than my own name , it 's that in this moment nothing could drag me away .
it 's pure torture , but i drag my hand away from her breast and reach for my phone to check the time .
layla 's soft words drag my attention away from interior decoration .
i drag ass to doc z 's office as my last resort .
i drag my heavy body from the cot and move to the opening , waiting for him to escort me to the visitor 's room .
i take a long drag off my beer .
i drag my eyes away and catch rex watching blake .
he wanted to drag her away , lick his way down that tantalising display , and then rip that thing in two .
i mean , how the f**k long is this war going to drag on for ?
`` that 's because you 're cute when you do stupid things , '' ryan blurted out as he let her drag him behind her .
i could n't even drag her out of the house .
`` jesus , you not only want me to tell carmine what to do , but you want me to trespass on school property and drag him out of the sat ?
usually i have to drag you out of bed . ''
vincent took a long drag .
two rounds went through carlo 's arms , disabling him , and another bullet ripped through his kneecap as he tried to drag himself away .
it 'll take you a while to drag yourself over here to it , but i 'm sure you 'll manage if you want the suffering to end .
opening the closet door , i flipped on the light , and my heart sank when i saw the drag marks on the carpet .
i was itching to knock it down and drag her to my bed ; i did n't want him touching her at all .
still , i figured it would n't look good if i let some crazy bitch drown on day one , so i hooked her arms with mine and helped drag her to shore .
i supposed i could drag a palm leaf over my head if it rained , but if anything tried to attack ?
a bad sprain but no breaks , so i was left in the game unless i chose to bail out ( and thereby drag dean into the loser lodge involuntarily ) .
he grabbed me and began to drag me forward , toward the tape .
there , rock stars with delicious tattoos and sexy piercings did n't romance me and drag me into bed , or trace tiny circles on my arms as i leaned against him .
the music keyed up , and i lifted my arm , caressing ty 's neck , and he began to drag his fingers down my arm , just like in the movie .
it took an eternity to drag one leg in front of the other , longer to crawl over one of the rocky obstacles and to maneuver under a low-hanging 'tree ' branch .
he immediately wrapped his arms around my waist and tried to drag me down next to him .
his hands fumbled with the clasp of my jeans , and i helped him drag them down my hips , the fabric bunching at the top of my thighs .
thus began a knock down drag out shouting match that levelled the entire building to silence .
we do n't usually stick a time frame in there , but we do n't want albums to drag out forever .
i climbed down and holding her arm , began to drag her off .
mac grabbed my arm , oblivious to my freak out , and started to drag me towards them .
how could i explain so that he understood how impossibly hard it was to rip open every horrible part of you and expose it to someone , and not only that , but to drag them down into your nightmare with you ?
`` i need an excuse to drag you from this party , take you home , and f**k you until neither of us can move for a week .
i reached out to drag her back , but she danced from my reach and waggled the ring finger of her left hand , diamonds glinting every which way in the morning light .
he grabbed my ass and began to drag me over his already-impressively-erect cock .
do n't you want to drag our firsts out a little longer ? ''
my dad had to drag her back inside the house .
if i can drag whatever this is out to make sure she feels the same way , then that 's exactly what i 'll do .
`` there are n't that many , which is why we need to drag them out .
she 's too hysterical to carry right now , so i just drag her behind me .
and i drag my body as fast as i can across the dirt toward the suv like a soldier crawling through enemy fire .
the longer you drag it out the worse it feels . ''
i reach out and drag my fingers behind a small portion of her hair .
right now , i know i 'm going to have to drop everything , my plans for training sarai while hoping that i could drag this out for months or even years so that maybe she will change her mind .
she did n't exactly drag me out or invite me to dance with them , as bram might 've .
i watch scott drag a dining chair into the living room , the legs scratching the hardwood .
i cough into my third drag since i never learned how to smoke properly .
if you try to do something stupid like marry this boy , i will personally drag you kicking and screaming away from the altar . ''
`` he 's just going to drag me into some conversation about business .
i took a deep drag on the cigarette , and took my time exhaling .
why did we have to drag all our issues with us into the future ?
but before i could even drag his head up to mine , he rolled away from me and off the bed .
his patience had run out , and if i told him where i was now , the odds were he 'd have someone here tomorrow to drag me home .
`` do n't make me drag you into that tent and do filthy cowboy things to you . ''
`` so what are you going to do about this jolene chick now that you 're hundreds of miles away from your boyfriend who she is probably , at present , knocking over the head with a fry pan so she can drag him into her bed and have her way with him ? ''
so in addition to the rest of my jesse-separation symptoms , i felt a guilt so overwhelming i had n't been able to drag myself out of bed for three mornings .
the club we were in might have been one of those easy-going , chill seattle kind of places , but right next door was a fun and outrageous g*y club known for its weekend performances put on by drag queens .
josie kept trying to drag colt off of me , but he had her by a good seventy pounds and seven times that in the rage factor .
right as i was about to wrap my arms around josie and drag her back to her truck , something shattered against the back of my head .
after i managed to drag myself out of the shower , i put my pajamas on and looked at the guitar sitting in the corner of my bedroom .
i was n't exactly tight with my folks , in fact our relationship hovered somewhere around the mutually tolerable area which is why my mom sent shaw to drag me home each weekend .
she had been acting a little weird since the night she had jet take her home from the bar , but she did n't want to talk about it and since i was having my own boy drama i did n't want to fight to drag it out of her .
when i let her into the apartment i was ready to just drag her to the bedroom and have my way with her but she kicked off her sexy heels and padded to the kitchen to grab us a couple drinks .
geez , ayd , how many freaking operas , ballets , and boring-ass art exhibits are you going to let that moron drag you to ?
i could drag things out with adam forever and still end up nowhere .
i had made bad decision after bad decision time and again for my brother , but now i had my own life and my own path , and he was n't going to screw it up or drag me back .
plus , if he ever tried to drag me into a mosh pit , i was going to strangle him .
if i had let him , he would have loved every part of me , and made sure that both of us were safe from the things that the past kept trying to drag us back into .
seeing his truck parked outside when i got home ... '' she shook her head , then took another long drag .
vowels pranced by in drag ; consonants strutted past in dominatrix wear .
my ribs were sore but nothing i could n't handle and whenever a memory or vision tried to drag me from my tower , i promptly shut it down .
if i let him , hunter would drag me down .
joking aside , if he ever tried to force himself on me , they would have to drag me off his dead body because i would have beaten him to death .
`` i 've come to drag you to my den , '' mace announced on a loud slur causing scar to giggle hysterically .
i would n't drag her deeper into my mess .
one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... breathe ... six ... seven ... eight ... breathe ... balling my hands into fists , i fight to calm myself down , but the darkness is ascending inside me , and it will take me over if i let it and drag me down into the memory i wo n't remember ; my last memory of landon .
he takes a long drag , his chest rising and falling as he releases the smoke out in front of his face .
my fingers long to grab on to the back of his shirt so i can drag him back and beg him to tell me why he looks so depressed , but all i do is watch him walk away .
after sampling the fifth bowl , i drag my ass to my room , grab my sketchbook , and flop down on the bed , planning on letting my hand go crazy and letting it draw some tripped out picture .
she sighs and sucks in another drag from the pipe .
as tears start to spill out , i take a deep drag of the cigarette that has a flake of weed shoved into the tip , trying to stop crying .
i did n't want to drag you into this mess , but i was n't strong enough to stay away from you ...
by the time security came to drag gavin out , i thought adam was going to let braden go just so his own arms were free to start swinging .
after a moment he wrapped his arms around me and i wrapped my limbs around him , allowing him to drag me farther up the mattress .
instantly , i wanted to drag him to the bedroom and christen it right the f**k now , but i shook my head to douse the flames , and concentrated on what was happening in the garage .
darla jumped out of the car , whipped around the back , and was pulling on my door with such force that i thought she was going to yank me by the collar and drag me into that field .
cathy took a long drag off the newly-lit cherried cigarette , her eyes glued to darla to catch her reaction .
she took a long drag off her cigarette , the cherry burning a little too bright even after her mouth left it , her hands so practiced , fingers nimble and knowing how to set it down even without having eyes on it .
closing her eyes , she reached for her cigarette and took a long drag , knowing through muscle memory where it was , never burning herself .
`` we ca n't go back and grab her by the hair and drag her off , '' i said , a little too close to my actual thoughts .
she did n't have to drag me , i went willingly , and we went into a classroom .
she pressed a hand to her stomach and wandered a few feet from his door , trying to drag in enough air to calm her brain .
he lifted her upper body from the bed to drag the jacket from beneath her , then tossed it aside .
this time jax pulled back purposefully to drag her dress over her head .
he frowned at her , trying to drag their conversations to mind .
could n't drag his gaze from the dresses , each more stunning than the next .
i drag my mouth from his , use every ounce of willpower i have to stay calm .
pull me down , drag me under , carry me away from the taunts , the threats , the hate .
`` fuck , '' he gasps as i tangle my hands in his hair and drag his mouth down to mine .
it takes a minute for her eyes to focus and for her to drag herself out of the thrilling world of case law .
i do another curtsey and start to drag jett back to the kitchen , but hazel blocks my way .
i realize that he ca n't stand and start to drag him across .
`` and to make sure you know , beyond a shadow of a doubt , i 'm going to drag you around in the sand until you admit it . ''
slade watched his sister drag her oversized floral pieces of luggage down the hallway and drop them at the front door .
are you trying to tell me for your first date with hannah you planned to drag her to a business dinner ?
he gave her the suction needed to keep the orgasm going , pinning her thighs down to the mattress and licking her slit , his fingers still working in and out of her channel , trying to drag him in .
he ca n't drag her into this more than he already has .
it will drag out the relationship when it should have been shot in the head .
you lied to us to drag us up here .
*** `` kel , call caulder and tell him he can come over and put his costume on , '' i say as i drag kel out of bed .
i want to drag this night out as long as i can .
when he returned from paying his dealer off , i practically had to drag him home .
when we study on the sofa , your feet in my lap , it 's everything in me not to drag your body onto mine and kiss you senseless .
i wanted to tug harper from all the wires and drag her back to new york .
i wanted him to part the crowd around me , scoop me up and drag me back to his car .
i wanted to drag him over me but the tiny , almost infinitesimal rational side of my brain reminded me where i was .
i try to peel her fingers off my arm , but she does n't release me , so i do the only thing i can think of and drag her skinny ass across the floor , toward the door .
we 'd drag up and down sunset at midnight , or in the poorer areas where cops do n't like to go .
i had everything planned to propose after graduation on sunday , and it felt like the next day and a half would drag by .
i digest this information while he takes a drag of his beer .
i knelt in the corner of the room and held my breath until i peeked up and saw that it was logan and not alfonzo coming to drag me away .
crisis took a long drag of beer .
i drag my fingers through my damp , sweaty hair and then crouch down in front of her slowly , so i wo n't scare her again .
`` it 's what i already wrote , and if you want something better , than you can drag that tiny little ass of yours up here and write it yourself .
never drag anyone into my own shit .
my h*ps rock against his hand as he feels me from the inside , groaning against my mouth as i drag my teeth along his lip , nipping at it before releasing it .
`` because we 're not going to let you drag this family 's reputation down the drain with your pathetic life .
he takes a long drag , and then puckers his lips and a thin trail of white smoke laces out of his mouth .
i drag my fingers through my hair roughly and pull hard on the roots .
i wish both of us could tell the world and be free from the chains we drag around .
viewing it as better alternative , i place my other wrist above it and then drag it down , pushing hard .
he drops the lighter onto the table and leans back , taking a long drag and then letting a thin trail of smoke escape his mouth .
i climb out of the bed and drag my feet toward the bathroom .
and then we had to drag you out of the club as she chased after us . ''
i 'm this way because i know my head 's screwed up and i do n't want to drag anyone down with me . ''
stepping outside into the warm sunshine , i shut the front door and drag the garbage bag down the stairs with the bottles clinking together .
he edges out of the way of a car pulling in and tugs on my sleeve to drag me along with him .
he takes another drag and kicks his shoes at the snow .
my mom used to drag me along with her all the time while she shopped .
i press my lips to her skin , rolling my tongue out , and then drag my teeth gently across her neck as her hand finds the top of my shorts and she undoes the button and zipper .
he looks over at micha with reluctance , then sticks the end of the cigarette into his mouth and takes another drag .
he yelps and falls back into the sand again as i drag him as quickly as i can toward the water .
how the f**k could he do this to me , then drag me back here like it does n't matter ?
i finally try to scrape the liquor off and drag my tongue across the bottom of my front teeth .
you 're the one who would drag me out of work so we could go pick up your friend 's sisters . ''
but it had an amazing music store where i used to drag uncle jim when i was a teenager just so i could get some bootleg cds .
of course i could n't drag it on my own , it weighed like 2,000 lbs .
not wanting to drag this shirt-choosing session out any longer , i slip off my own shirt and then take it from her hand .
she 'll come around , she 'll dump his ass and she 'll apologize to me and drag me back to the underground looking to find both of us new guys .
two more hours drag by and everyone has left except for natalie , who finds me soaking in that much-needed bath , surrounded by frothy bubbles .
i climb onto the bed and grab both of her thighs , digging my fingers into her flesh as i drag her across the bed toward me so fast she does n't get a chance to move .
thankfully he did n't have to drag anyone out by their shirts or get into any fights .
i reached the girl quickly and grabbed hold of her boyfriend 's arm to help drag him into shore .
you 're going to drag your future husband into this scheme of yours as well ? ''
you 're going to have to drag me onto the airplane because i 'm not letting go , '' i said .
`` why the f**k are you making me drag it out of you like this ?
his teeth drag along my skin , nipping at my collarbone until he passes across the base of my neck and to the other side .
logan black shit runs down from her eyes and i wipe it away with my thumbs , and then drag my thumbs across my jeans .
i expect his eyes to drag up my leg , and then to the rest of me , and my body heats in anticipation of his gaze .
he washes and rinses his hair , and i let my gaze drag down his body .
she darts past me , but i wrap my arm around her waist and drag her back to me .
matt and sam drag me toward a waiting police car .
`` our parents are a drag .
i took a long , silent drag , letting the smoke out slowly and filling the car with an intoxicating scent .
i wanted to drag them back outside and explain to them that i had n't meant my fascination with ryder , i meant theirs .
i sucked in a breath feeling as though my soul was being scraped across broken glass , the empty remains of my heart lay shattered on the floor and i continued to drag my fragile soul back and forth until i was left bleeding and desperate .
she gave me an anxious , apologetic look but let him drag her along .
i swear at some point i had heard kellan 's laughter , and it took everything i had to not rush out there and drag her to bed , kicking and screaming .
he must have known that bringing me along would only drag out the process , or possibly even halt it all together .
he had to drag himself slowly out , then push back in a few times , adjusting the slant of my hips , before he began to pump into me in earnest .
why would you think it 's okay to just drag me to your car ? ''
then , i 'll drag you out of the car , push you facedown , ass up onto the hood .
i grab the chair i just spotted by the dressing table , drag it over to the door , and push it up under the handle .
i drag a bag down from the bed , emptying its contents to the floor .
she proceeded to drag me into her room and throw a silky blue shirt at me .
clenched together so i would n't drag her onto my lap and force her to acknowledge that what had built between us for four years just needed some physical manifestation to make it all real and permanent .
this morning when i picked up the camera bag , it felt like it weighed as much as a cement block and i could barely drag it into the closet .
the kiss that he gave me was more tender than passionate , but it still curled me toes and made me want to drag him down on top of me .
the tight , hot glove of her squeezed me hard , making the drag out of her body amazing .
i said breathlessly as he began to drag his thumbs across my suddenly-sensitive n**ples .
the drag of a match head before it burst into flame .
`` if you try to go to your grandma 's , i will go there and drag you back here so i suggest that you just come here and save us both the trouble . ''
i wanted to send his mom home and drag him back to bed for the day .
anytime i mention staying at my dad 's , he gets a look that tells me if i tried , he would drag me back to his house caveman style .
`` i will track your ass down and drag you back here .
the floral sundress that hugged her body , showing off every single curve , made me want to drag the dress up her thighs and slide into her .
i watch him drag her to the side and talk quietly to her ; when i hear her light giggle , i know they 're both going to be okay .
even if i have to drag you down the damn aisle , you will have my last name in a week . ''
`` do n't drag me into this .
i felt the feather drag a little through the moisture there , and heard james suck in a gasp .
he broke eye contact to drag me to the window , one hand pulling my hair , the other my collar .
if they were in town , you could n't drag them away from a good party .
tristan finished his cigarette like it was the last one on earth , enjoying it to the last drag .
`` because i will come back there and drag you out . ''
; ) lm *** saturday night , erin was once again threatening to drag me out of our room , ignoring my protests and reluctance .
i 'll drag you away before he 's got a chance to say anything . ''
i drag my dead aunt through the street , as far as i can .
they stop when they see me , and they drag their rifles closer to hand , even though i am iraqi , and just a girl .
i drag him to my home , several blocks away .
the gunshot will alert hunter , who will drag himself here to look for me .
i have to drag a hasty translation from my whirling head : give her up , hassan-no !
and she took his hand in hers and began to use their twined hands to drag her sleep shirt up her stomach .
he took another drag on his cigarette and gave her a dismissive look .
she knew she should drag her hand away , but she could n't seem to make herself do it .
it seemed insanely difficult to drag her eyelids open , but she did , and saw the strain on his gorgeous , intense face , the dark pupils , the thick eyelashes , the strong features .
`` that 's beautiful , '' she told him softly , and for a moment , crushed him to her chest as if she could somehow drag him against her and give him some of the love that was pouring out of her heart .
like a zombie in a cheesy film , alex began the slow drag home , making it half a block before josie buzzed around him again , nattering on about the er .
jonny , do n't listen to your father , it was me that had to drag him out of the tool section , honey . ''
he did n't know if he should drag her back upstairs or bolt with her to the door .
he ca n't drag his girlfriend around in a suitcase ... well , unless he buys one of those inflatable ones , although i highly doubt he 'd ever go plastic . ''
i wanted to grab his hand and drag him back to my bedroom .
it 's either that or we 'll have to drag the mattress out into the front yard again . ''
i 'm hungry for her , my hands desperate to slip lower , to drag that sexy fucking dress off and reveal her curves and her skin , needing her mouth on my skin , her flesh under my lips , her essence on my tongue .
i trail my fingers down the tops of her thighs to her knees , and then drag my fingertips back up along the insides of her thighs .
so i drag my three heavy suitcases through the line as fast as i can , tripping , fighting back confused tears .
i drag my lips across hers , slip the tip of my tongue along the crease of her mouth , kiss the corner .
her fingertips touch my cheeks , drag down to my jaw , and then wrap around the back of my neck .
they lived on the very surface of life , all sensation and experience , without any of the baggage adults drag around like anchors weighted with pain .
i turned to find jessi 's back standing in the doorway , her tiny frame trying it 's best to drag one of the four hot pink suitcases she had packed full of god knows what through the door .
a few months ago i could n't wait to get out of my home town , get away from the place that held the darkest memories that i thought would swallow me up and drag me down , holding me in their darkness forever .
i refused to let kane and this whole situation drag me back into the dark place i had found so hard to get out of .
you can drag my name through the mud .
he took a drag of his cigarette , inhaling deeply .
i was ready to drag that guy off when you returned . ''
`` i love ya too much , even when you drag a poor feller out of his bed to go skinny dipping . ''
`` listen , you 're coming in the house with me if i have to drag you myself . ''
half of the women in the hospital would be willing for him to drag them to an empty patient 's room for a quick and dirty screw .
he grins rakishly , taking a long drag of his smoke .
his simple touch was enough to drag me through the thick of my panic .
his smallest action has the power to send me soaring to new heights of bliss or drag me down to devastating lows .
`` because if you do n't get over him , i 'll personally drag your ass to the best laa group meeting in town . ''
i just wanted to drag him by the hand all the way up to my bedroom where i could discover every delectable inch of jackson reid .
i got to the shack and tried to drag him out , but he was scared .
saffi did n't let bob drag her away , not when carmina and the others were also there .
steel and silver were the only ones who managed to drag him out of the emergency room .
with my eyes squeezed shut , all i could see was how security had to drag the three of us out - me and the blond bimbos - and straight into the backseat of a police car that was conveniently waiting outside on standby , in case shit like what had happened would happen .
when the teachers finally managed to drag me away from farah , all i could think of was - so this was how it felt like to get mad .
do n't doubt me because i bloody will drag you back to england , if i must .
she had to drag that cretin to the club and flaunted him as he groped her right before my eyes .
i wanted to take her in my arms and kiss those pouty , soft lips but i could n't drag myself and do it .
i agreed as long as i get to drag blake with me .
it could easily drag even the strongest swimmer down .
this three week business trip was going to drag .
i lifted the car and her mother was able to drag her out , but she was so white and there was so much blood .
eventually , i can no longer put off meeting my mother so i drag myself out of bed and pad to our shared bathroom .
i drag my eye upwards .
your genetic imprint , your lack of education , your ... your lack of social standing will eventually drag him down .
you can never know him , ' she enunciates coldly and clearly , her eyes glittering triumphantly , even as the man begins to drag her away .
i put my palm on her mouth and drag it down the canvas .
billie pulls a cigarette out of a box , lights it , and takes a full drag .
i do n't want to drag him down into my crazy whirlwind again .
it was cruel to let him come here , but it would be even worse to let things drag out any longer .
at the time , i told myself i was being responsible , refusing to drag it out any longer than i already had .
the moonlight reflects off the beads of water on his face , making him look so brilliant and beautiful that i ca n't help but reach up and drag his face down to mine .
it took every inch of my fucking bone not to get on a plane and fly to the bahamas to drag your ass back here .
i should have jumped his bones the moment he picked me up , but i decided to let it drag a little longer because he was going to have me that night .
i 'll come for you and drag you back by your hair like a caveman . ''
my hands go fishing beneath her dress where i grasp her almost nonexistent knickers and drag them down her legs .
our eyes-light blue and golden-brown-are locked when i place my tongue against her center and drag it in an upward sweep .
i practically had to drag her out the door so we would n't miss our flight , but all is good now that we 're on the plane .
i hooked my arms beneath his shoulders and tried to drag him to the apartment door but it was difficult to move him .
we only just started dating , i do n't feel like i can drag him to parties yet . ''
you were the only one could drag me out . ''
`` you said you thought you were gon na drag us down , but now i see that it 's me , '' he said , his voice low .
he took a long drag .
on the floor , connor moaned in pain as security rushed in and lifted him by the arms , starting to drag him out .
he took a deep , long drag , and a cloud of smoke curled around his head as he exhaled .
she pumped quickly once before returning to her unhurried drag up his member .
but he could n't just drag her around while he worked .
on the sidelines , time seemed to drag .
was this who would drag me out of the building ?
what i want is to pull my lover out of her chair and drag her away from my so-called friend .
i leisurely drag my tongue down the length of her cunt .
`` we eventually followed her to a drag club called gili 's cabaret . ''
the rest of that week seemed to drag .
i was n't going to drag adam into this with me .
chapter 35 the day seemed to drag on forever .
after we managed to drag the suitcases inside , we both plopped down on the couch .
women , to me , are good for one thing and that 's to f**k. the flowers , romance , expensive gifts ; it 'll just wear you out and drag you down .
the days seemed to drag on the closer we got to the day i would finally see jack .
it 's not as if i 'm planning to drag her off for a romp in the coat closet or anything . ''
the minutes seemed to drag by and , jesus christ , this really was the most boring thing i 'd ever sat through , science and strategies about science .
`` calm down , '' i snarl , rolling my hips towards hers , feeling my length drag along her inner walls as she ripples around me .
`` and you were going to drag her into a casino restaurant ? ''
i drag my eyes from his to hers .
so i allow him to drag me from store to store , and i let the sales girls tug me from rail to rail .
my nails drag across his skin , and he takes my bottom lip between his teeth and tugs in payback .
i drag his bottom lip between my teeth .
it took me two hours to tear down the old curtains and drag him out for new ones .
i take it from him with a slight nod of acknowledgement and drag my eyes from dayton long enough to pour two glasses of wine .
if you feel like you can drag yourself over here to look at them , please do . ''
to drag dayton into our bullshit is uncalled for and completely unnecessary .
the desire to drag her into the bedroom and tether her to his headboard was strong .
`` you 're scaring me , '' madison muttered , letting her friend drag her into the room , where she shut the door and locked it behind them .
he slid out and pressed in once more , feeling the drag and pull as he plunged in , his body snug and buried inside her .
i said , getting up and trying to drag lucah to the kitchen so i could ask him what the hell he was doing .
i insisted on using his briefcase , even though it was almost as big as i was and i had to drag it on the ground behind me .
this conversation was turning into a total drag .
i lean in and drag my nose down her jaw to her ear .
ethan looked me over good , his blue eyes chilly as he took another drag on his ciggie .
i was surprised she had n't already been in to drag me out .
i wanted to drag her to me and shake her , force her to understand that this bullshit break-up was a thing of the past .
i took a final drag on the smoke and let my words sink in .
she made me want to drag her into my bed and do very naughty things to her body for about a day and a half .
i sighed at the thought of the late nights still to come in the next weeks , took a long drag on my cig and extinguished it .
lightness feels good when your heart is so heavy it wants to drag you down into the pits of hell .
i scooped her up , careful to arrange her dress so it would n't drag , and started walking up the gravel drive of stonewell court .
he was not usually chatty , but for all intents and purposes he sure was tonight-at this party he begged me not to drag him to .
i did n't drag her out of her lounge chair , but it was a close thing .
i clenched at him involuntarily as he pulled , and that seemed to drag it out , into an act of pure torture .
i loved to see that look in his eyes , even if it did drag me back in time six years , to when i 'd believed that love could conquer everything .
i continued , `` i know you and damien have some beef between you , but do n't drag me into it .
i loosened my tie , trying to drag more air into my lungs , feeling like i had heavily exerted myself , because in a way i had .
he moved the vibrator against my opening , a slow , teasing drag between my labia .
right then , i wanted to throw you over my shoulder and drag you to my hotel room .
man , what a drag when that happened .
he moved around her bed to drag a wooden chair over for me , and i sat down next to her bed near the nightstand .
you did n't hire me , and last i checked , my boss was stefan , not that he 'd ever be crazy enough to track me down and drag me out of a club all the way across town .
that i wanted to begin kissing him at his neck and drag my lips over his body until they gave my mind proof of the reality of those abs .
for the first time in days , maria had brewed the french roast i loved , like she 'd known this morning was the day i 'd finally drag my butt out of bed .
i stopped walking , forcing him to drag me .
our breathing ragged as it synchronized with each drag of our lungs .
i do n't want to drag this out . ''
my instincts were screaming at me to drag them away to the nearest hotel or volley back to london and spend the weekend there .
`` so good ... '' for a while , my attention was focused on the show as well , wondering how in the world these women survived acting and looking like they had come out of a drag show .
or would you prefer that i drag you out into the cold and whisk you away somewhere else ? ''
i start to say i do n't need shoes , just like i do n't need an eleven thousand dollar dress , but melody grabs my arm to drag me away before i can argue .
he takes a drag from his cigar and is quiet for a moment , flicking his ashes straight onto the floor .
she 'll be here , because she knows if she is n't , i 'll just track her down and drag her right back .
i kiss her cheek , chin , neck , chest , again , and again , and again , my teeth nipping at her flesh as i drag her further onto the bed , settling between her thighs .
`` i wish i could say i 'm surprised , surprised you 'd drag that girl into your mess , but i 'm not .
i could n't do that to karissa , could strap her to someone she did n't even know , drag her deeper into a world she did n't realize wanted to swallow her whole .
i drag a fingertip down the length of his tie , appreciating the feel of fine silk against my skin .
i drag my finger up her slit , parting her lips and find her clit .
i want to drag her back to my home like some goddamn caveman .
it was only once she got her claws into the higher ups that she managed to drag herself out . ''
it took a few minutes for my mind to drag itself out of neutral .
i wanted nothing more than to drag blake into my room and fuck him senseless , but i knew better .
i was suddenly cursing our dinner plans when i wanted nothing more than to drag him upstairs to his apartment and rock his world straight into the dawn .
he shrugged and took another drag .
somehow i kept my legs under me and disembarked , wondering how i was going to drag my sorry ass home in this condition .
he laughed again , sucking in a long drag on his cigarette .
i was trying to grasp onto the positive , but memories of what i 'd been through would inevitably drag me back down .
aidan takes another drag off the cigarette as he seems to consider my answer .
her nails drag across my thighs as she lowers my shorts , causing shivers to race through my body .
he 's no longer looking at my mouth ; we 're looking directly into each other 's eyes when i drag his fingers up the inside of my thigh .
the slow , solid drag of him inside me builds an ache so good it 's enough to make me feel a little unhinged at the thought that the feeling will end at some point .
`` mia ... '' he 's unsure what i 'm doing at first and i watch when understanding dawns as i drag his hand down my ribs , over my navel .
he looks me over one more time and reaches up to drag the pad of his thumb across my bottom lip .
`` not a problem , '' i tell her as i toss his jacket onto the seat and drag him , wide-eyed and grinning , after me onto the dance floor .
and they will use every means possible to drag you back in . ''
i froze , unable to drag in a breath .
a low , inhuman sound rumbled from deep within daemon as i tried to drag in air , but the oxygen did n't make it past my throat .
i could barely drag in enough air to get my lungs working .
i did n't look up as i heard the chair legs drag across the floor in front of our desk , but he was so close and that damn poignant ache took hold again , seizing up my throat and chest .
my worst fear swamped me , threatening to drag me under .
there was a moment when he thought she was going to stand there and he was going to have to go back and drag her to her apartment .
thirty minutes later and just when he was about to go right back up to that apartment and drag her ass out of it , a cab showed up and out came alana , tugging along a small suitcase .
he would drag this on until she went crazy and he 'd love every second of it .
he wanted to drag this out , to slowly seduce her , but waiting would surely kill him .
his gaze dropped to my lips , and he seemed unable to drag his attention from them .
stars burst behind my eyes , and i couldn't-i could n't drag in enough air .
my heart banged around in my chest as i hung a right and hit what was considered the main drag in town , only because it was where all the fast-food joints and chain restaurants surrounded the mall and shopping centers .
his shoes drag along the floor as he heads for the front door .
so , i watch a girl in snoopy pajamas and a petite woman nearing her fifties try to drag a comatose kacey into the house .
fights ... pot ... drag racing . ''
`` it was n't drag racing and no charges were ever laid ! ''
i feel her cool hands retreat down to the hem of my shirt and slip under to drag it up .
if we were here under different circumstances , i 'd probably already be scouting out locations to drag him off to by his tie , he looks so appealing .
i drag my feet to the landing outside my front door just before eight , wishing i could sleep longer .
nate the gargantuan will drag me out while cain hollers , `` thanks , but no thanks , nut job '' and then i 'll be back to starbucks and livie will have to eat cat food and ... `` storm 's told me a lot about you . ''
shivers run down my spine and i 'm ready to drag him back into storm 's room , but he makes a beeline out of the apartment before i can get my claws into him .
i stealthily drag my fingers through my hair .
time seems to both drag and fly by lately .
i 'm here to help them get on their feet and away from the sex trade , not drag them down further by being the sleazy boss who treats them like whores .
the living room is small and yet she 's managed to make the movers lift , drag , and drop the soft , gray microfiber couch to five different spots .
my body feels like it 's chained to my bed as i drag it up , reluctant to leave the comfort of sleep , even from a bare mattress .
nate and a few of the other bouncers drag ben , completely willingly , over to pervert row to enjoy the performance .
until i drag every last confession out of her beautiful mouth .
she 's probably given you all that she knows and you 're looking to drag her in to interrogate her . ''
wes never so much as paused his feast to drag her panties off , simply started licking her at one spot and slipped the silk down while licking her to the other .
somehow , it makes me harder , pre-come dribbling from the tip to help with the drag , leaving my hand slick .
i laugh again , moving my phone to my other ear to drag my towel down my chest .
she licked her lips slowly , as if trying to drag in the taste of him , and the sight was like an electric current along his skin .
i wo n't drag this out . ''
she stomped it down , drew on patience , and tried to drag his face up to meet her eyes .
i bit at a big chunk of the pork , got it between my teeth , and then pulled back , trying to drag a large chunk away .
then it 's one battle after another until you drag yourself into bed , even though you just got your second wind and you want to stay up late reading while the rest of the world is quiet , and you can hear yourself think . ''
i lit it and took a drag , feeling my nerves a little less jangly with every puff .
most weekends , i 'd drag riley or a few of my sorority sisters into the city to find a club .
i leaned back in the chair and let out a drag .
i wanted him to drag me to the floor and have his way with me .
i took a last drag of my cigarette and knelt down to stub it out in the flower pot i kept for my butts .
propping my feet on the railing , i lit my cigarette and took a deep drag .
eli took another drag from his cigarette .
9 the tiny , hole in the wall dive bar in the basement of a rundown building was the last place i expected maysie and jordan to drag me to .
i do n't wan na drag you into my shit .
he was letting kylie drag him to a rom-com with a guy from the twilight movies ?
and while part of me wanted to drag more information out of him about where he 'd been for the last few months , a bigger part of me just wanted to let it go .
sighing deeply , he rested against the closed refrigerator door and took a deep drag of the yel ow liquid .
i struggled to hold her close to me and drag the blanket down the bed at the same time , raking my arm along the swel of pil ows and sweeping them to ground .
my deepest fear gripped me when he began to drag me back between two houses , where we blended into the dusky shadows .
i took a long drag from my bottle of beer , eyeing lily from where she watched me with a coy smile from behind the bar .
funnily enough , i did n't cherish them enough to drag them to my new apartment .
taking another drag , i looked up as the sliding glass door slowly opened .
he asked before he took another drag , leaning forward to rest his forearms on his knees .
lighting a cigarette , i took a drag and drew it deep into my lungs , then released it toward the sky .
i want to spend my life wrapped up in you , wrapped up in that body that has me itching to drag you back to your room and show you just how much i do n't want to let you go .
took about all i had to drag myself out of bed and leave aly sleeping there .
she murmured the promise , knowing full well i was about to toss her over my shoulder and drag her the hell out of there .
last thing i need is to drag your ass out of here after you incite a brawl . ''
the last thing i 'd wanted to do was drag elizabeth 's name through the mud , shed her in a negative light , and paint her as a bad mother , because i truly did n't believe that she was .
because every time something happens in planet tyler and shannon , they drag it up again .
i am , however , surprised to see louis drag his attention away from the game and give morgan a long , lingering hug .
my sister 's not some prop you can drag around from place to place to get your rocks off . ''
`` why am i having to drag you with me ? ''
his hair is still dripping wet from the shower , and he holds a strong soapy scent that makes me want to drag him back to the bedroom .
i wish i could say it was molly who had better be careful , but in all honesty , it 's not like i 'm going to pull her into some knock 'em down , drag it out catfight .
i pick rutger up by his pretty pink collar and drag him across the room in one quick pull .
`` no need to drag the government into this . ''
it was impossible to drag us away from each other .
sometimes i wonder if i 'll ever have a decent family of my own one day or if i 'll just drag the curse that 's plagued us for so long right into the next one and screw up everyone else 's lives , too .
i try my best to drag him over to the table .
no need to drag religious hierarchy into this . ''
`` it 'll be a cold day in hell when you drag me back to that kitchenless dorm . ''
i need to stay the hell away from baya , not drag her around to each of my family 's establishments in hopes that a blowjob waits for me on the other end of the factory tour .
rather than answer , i drag my fingertips down his cheek and lift my head to brush his lips with my own .
the following three hours drag in a blur of more bad coffee , pacing and sitting , and more pacing .
i do n't want cary to drag this out too . ''
i inhale her sweet scent and drag my nose down the slope of her neck before pressing my lips to the soft skin where her neck and shoulder meet .
wow , i 'm not going to have to drag it out of him !
i pull the suitcases off the bed and pull up the handles to drag them behind me .
i brace myself on my elbows and drag my teeth up the side of her neck to her ear , relishing in her strong hands gliding down my back to my ass and back up again .
i nod and drag air into my lungs .
`` caleb , '' i moan and drag my teeth down his stubbled jawline .
i gasp and drag my hand down his cheek , comforting him .
i cross my arms over my naked chest and drag my finger over my lip , watching her squirm .
i chuckle and drag my knuckles down her cheek .
i drag my lips down her smooth , tight stomach to her sexy-as-hell piercing and farther still to her core .
i would normally drag this out , make her beg for the chance to come , but her tears are my undoing .
i drag my fingertips down his rough cheek , over his bottom lip .
she clamps her hands on my arms , holding on tight when i drag my nose down her jaw to her ear and growl .
she chuckles and then moans when i drag her shower puff between her legs , washing her pussy .
i stand and drag jax up with me .
i grin and drag my fingertips down his face as he lays his lips on mine , gently sweeping them back and forth , nibbles the corner of my mouth , nuzzles my nose .
i drag my foot up and down his leg , loving the way the soft hair feels against the arch of my foot .
instead i plunge my fingers into his hair again and drag him up for another long , deep , hungry kiss .
he chuckles and reaches over to drag his fingertip down my neck , from just below my ear to my collarbone .
i inch close to her , drag the petals of the flower , then my fingertips , down her soft cheek and grin when she presses closer to my touch , as if even in sleep she 's drawn to me .
i drag my thumb along her arch , earning a groan from her .
i kiss her cheek , then drag my lips down to that sensitive spot by her ear .
i drag my finger over my lips , considering her .
i could drag it out until friday , but i 'm hoping mr. turner will be done with the preliminary procedure crap before that .
after the ice cream , i drag her to one more hole in the wall antique store in the old part of town and then we head back .
`` i 'm here to drag you out of your social abyss . ''
you drag her to these parties , you get her drunk and then you leave her alone ? ''
i drag my hand down my face in frustration .
when she 'd taken it , i kissed her wrist and released her , even though i wanted to drag her across the center console and then pull her into the back seat .
`` i wonder ... '' tanya took a long drag , `` ... if repressed memories can cause a person to go insane .
why did she drag me out ?
i drag my hands gently across the bare flesh of her thighs as i set her down on the countertop .
two hours drag by endlessly and i spend the last half hour of it waiting in the parking lot of the park with the engine running to keep warm .
i lean over and drag the tip of my tongue between her wet lips and she shudders and gasps .
i jump off of her , biting harshly on my bottom lip out of rage , my eyes swirling with heat and anger as i lean over her on the floor and grab a fistful of blonde hair , my fingers pressing against the back of her scalp , and i drag her body across the tile floor on her back .
i take another drag and then lean back in the chair , slouching against it .
it 's enough that he loves you and has to protect you , but he won't-he can't-continue to protect and take into consideration everything you drag in with you from the outside . ''
`` i 'm not going to tell you the details-do n't want to drag you into it any more than i am just by being here .
i was going to lay down the law and tell her that i was going home and she was going with me if i had to drag her back kicking and screaming .
he takes one more drag and then submerges the cigarette into the sand .
stalking over to a still-dancing lexi in the corner of the room to no beat , i grip her upper arm and all but drag her behind me .
*** i drag myself into the kitchen , still sore about tomas and xavier leaving us .
actually , she was mostly fighting the urge to spin around in his arms , drop the frisbee , and lace her fingers through his hair so that she could drag his mouth down to hers for another one of the kisses she had n't been able to stop thinking about .
chapter fifteen as her mouth crashed against his , he moved his hands to her hips to drag her even closer .
and when his arms came around her back and hips to drag her closer , she realized it was the first time they 'd ever lain down with each other .
when i was working , i usually had time for one drag and the rest burned away , unsmoked .
i shot the double whiskey and took another drag of my cigarette .
i took a drag and blew it out , watching him do the same .
keva lifted a hand to his face , as if she could physically drag him away from the horror replaying in his mind .
as she tried to drag herself across the floor , the ship suddenly tilted as it settled against one of the tenement buildings .
smiling , i link my arm through his and drag him down the hall toward my office .
he let go of me quickly and grabbed his pants and tried to drag them on .
*** his view the rest of the weekend seemed to drag on .
`` just drag it in the water ? ''
my class seemed to drag on forever .
hell , i was half tempted to tell him to drag me to city hall tomorrow , but i knew i would be upset with myself ; i wanted the perfect wedding for my perfect husband to be .
shirt soaked , skin flushed and body burning , i drag my ass upstairs to the room i 'm sharing with cooper for a much needed shower .
i release her right and drag my tongue to her left and give it the same attention .
i place a kiss on her shoulder and whisper in her ear , `` i 'm about to drag your ass upstairs and say the hell with tonight . ''
okay , she did n't have to drag me but it took a little convincing on her part .
the gown looked hideous on me , accentuating my broad shoulders , so i really resembled a dude in drag .
i half expected i 'd need to drag her out of the house , but she answered as soon as i rang the bell , wearing a cute leather jacket and designer jeans .
never know what jerks are out to drag you into bed . ''
i 'd be happy to drag her into the cabin right now and keep her naked all day , but i bet that would n't go over too well .
my dick jumped to attention and i fought the urge to drag her onto the table and shove myself between her legs .
not too long ago she had to drag your hungover , booze-soaked , philandering carcass to mom and dad 's because you had hurt feelings .
the drag and pull of soft and hard , the rubbing of her ring against turgid flesh , the flash of her flowers against my scarred skin was too much to hold out against and we both broke over the pinnacle together .
he was slow , the drag and pull of that erection a rough torture on over-sensitized skin .
with each up-and-down drag and pull of aroused skin against pulsing flesh , i could see the vein in his neck and the muscle at the side of his mouth twitch .
i was using my tongue in her mouth to mimic what i was doing to her with my body and her hands were getting tighter , the noises she was making in the back of her throat were getting more frantic , and i could feel her inner walls drag and pull against my dick with greedy and needy movements .
really he was n't fit to be around other people , but i could n't stand to see him so unhappy , so i was going to drag him into a better mood kicking and screaming if i had to .
`` i wo n't give you all the gory details , wo n't drag my own sordid history into it , but trust me : if my sister can still look at me and find a way to care about me , then you can work yourself into the heart of this girl . ''
i had my hands around the base of his cock , was using them in time with the sucking , swirling motion of my mouth , so i was surprised when he literally yanked me off of him , which resulted in a drag of teeth and a squeeze that was probably rougher than felt good .
in an effort to prove not only to the girls but also to myself that i could play nice and that just seeing salem in all her pretty , bronze beauty was n't going to drag me back to places i never wanted to go , i put my best ftw attitude on and went to the bar .
`` how about the years i spent as a burlesque dancer or the time i worked for a freak show on a boardwalk , or the time i hosted a drag show in a g*y bar ?
i can drag you and this entire parish into the mud .
i 'll be over there in ten to drag your happy ass on a tour of the city if i ca n't find the spot on my own . ''
she cleared her throat and i watched as she had to drag her eyes up from what was happening below my waist .
i was going to have to swing by my place in the city and grab some stuff if i was going to be hanging out in the burbs for the foreseeable future , and she was just going to have to deal with me trying to drag her out of her prickly shell .
between the soft glide of her hand up and down , and the pull and drag of her mouth over mine , this was bound to be over before she realized what she started .
you did n't have to drag me kicking and screaming .
i let the cop drag me to an unmarked car and waited while he yanked the back door open .
`` jesus , man , '' i said , trying to drag out the last of my last natty light .
people down here do n't start their day until eleven in the morning because that 's the soonest they can drag their hung-over asses out of bed .
richard lights up and takes a deep drag .
i 'm still lost in a post-orgasmic state and want nothing more than to drag ian back against me .
mom is already up , as if she 's going to hit the streets and find a grocery store and drag all the ingredients back .
i drag my thumb down the crevice to her pucker and circle it .
if she did n't have a friend with her , i 'd meet her at the bathroom door and drag her into a stall .
i look down between us and wish there was more light so i could see in detail the way her folds part as i drag my c**k slowly in and out of her .
i drag my finger slowly out and then push back in , this time with a second finger .
the windshield is helping to reduce drag , but her hair is whipping about like crazy .
i take a drag from my cigarette , thinking of what quinton said about staying away from her and how i want to do the opposite at the moment .
her and my dad used to drag race , and they still have some of their badass cars we take out when we go for trips .
`` the longer we stay up here , the longer this night is going to drag on . ''
i drag my thumb across the top of the lighter and bring the flame closer to the cigarette .
then i drag my ass out of bed and make the call i should have made two weeks ago when i got the news .
two minutes later , i drag my ass out of bed and put a bra on beneath my white tank top .
he 's managed to drag the filing cabinet over far enough that he 's close enough to me i can see the horror in his eyes .
i drag my fingers down my face .
`` maybe i should drag this out more ... see what i can get out of it . ''
delilah is fixated on it , cuddled up to dylan 's side , watching him drag the lighter back and forth and create smoke .
i drag my ass back to my room and flop down onto my mattress , the overload of adrenaline i was feeling dwindling .
`` i know he has problems , '' i drag my butt off the bed and look around the room for my purse .
the last time i felt something was at that concert and i ultimately made a choice to shut myself down , not let myself have nova , not drag her down .
i drag my fingers roughly through my hair , looking around at the desert behind me and then at the stores and old houses to the side of our building .
`` maybe we should go , '' he suggests , watching stan struggle to keep the entrance door open so he can drag the keg inside .
he rolls his eyes as he takes another drag .
i put the cigarette into my mouth and take a slow drag before exhaling .
he elevates his eyebrows , returning his attention to the snowy ground as he puts his cigarette into his mouth and takes a drag .
then , when my eyes have dried , i drag my ass out of the car , knowing as soon as i step foot into my house i 'm no longer the priority anymore .
he sucks in another lengthy drag from his cigarette then smoke eases from his lips .
then i hear the chain drag and the door swings open .
i drag the edge of the bus pass across the palm of my hand , feeling anxious for some reason .
grabbing her by the hips , i drag her closer to me , needing her nearer , worried that at any moment she 's going to discover my sins and leave me .
then , with every ounce of strength i have left in me , i grab conner 's arms and drag him over to the car and hoist him into the driver 's seat .
i drag my fingers through my cropped brown hair as i glance up at the window she fell from , then back at her , wondering if i should help her up or something .
he takes a deep drag from his cigarette and then smoke encircles his face .
as i open the gas tank and remove my spare set of keys i take a long drag off my cigarette , the sweet taste of the nicotine calming me .
he sucks a drag from his cigarette .
so gripping onto the edge of the bathtub , i drag myself up out of the water , gasping for air , my lungs gratefully aching .
keeping his cards in one hand , he takes a long sip of his drink , then a deep drag of his cigarette , seemingly oblivious to my excessive gawking of him .
after he takes a drag of my cigarette , he lets me have it back then says , `` you 're thinking how awesome i am for winning three grand tonight . ''
that 's when they come down and drag him toward the back room .
classes drag on and on as i over analyze everything .
i take the last drag of the cigarette , then drop it on the ground and put it out with the tip of my boot .
i had to be there to take up for her when he tried to drag her in the mud behind her back .
it was going to be a long drive back to kentucky , and since i was n't full of rage anymore it was certainly going to drag .
`` while you 're workin ' , i have to drag their asses in public .
she took another drag of her cigarette and then put it out in an ashtray .
i kissed on the skin of her neck , letting my lips drag across her smooth skin .
when we get back , you 're goin ' to that lawyer , even if i have to drag you in there . ''
she kissed over the cross tattoo on my chest and came up again to drag her tongue over my mouth .
i wo n't let you drag me through the mud . ''
i mean , i thought he was going to drag me out by my hair . ''
miranda opened her mouth and let her bottom lip drag slowly over top of the fabric where my erection protruded .
i kept us together letting my lips drag against hers as i spoke .
i lifted her chin up so that i could kiss the side of her lips and drag my tongue over them .
my phone was in pieces in my hand , but i managed to pull out my keys and drag them from the front of his black shiny car all the way to the trunk .
`` maybe you need to drag her ass there . ''
if i 've got to go to that base and drag your ass out of there , i will .
i leaned in , taking the chance on getting slapped , and let my lips drag over hers .
`` you thought wrong , '' she argued and took another drag of her cigarette .
i took a drag of my cigarette and blew out the smoke before i responded to her complete bullshit statement .
she leaned in and kissed me softly on the lips , letting her tongue drag slowly as it pulled away from my top lip .
she leaned in closer to me , letting her hard ni**les drag over my own chest .
he took another drag and exhaled while he talked .
i took another drag of my cigarette and looked at her naked body .
`` even if i wanted to , i ca n't drag her into this mess .
leave it to me to find someone else to drag my heart into the dirt and destroy me again .
he took another drag before speaking .
i wo n't let this joker drag you down anymore .
i took a drag of my cigarette as i ducked back behind something so she could n't see me .
i took another drag on my cigarette and watched her standing there topless .
i had to literally drag him .
my next move was to call her and tell her off until she told me where she was so i could drag her ass back to my bed .
it took everything i had to drag her here .
he heard a few clicks , the drag of metal , and was just about to lift his head to see what was going on when the spray hit him .
he smelled her excitement , that delicious musky , spicy scent that roared in his blood and made him crazed to drag her into his bedroom and explore every naked , wet , hot inch of her .
i can drag you out on a weekend morning if that works better . ''
when we arrive on a main drag , i 'm able to hail a taxi and hold the door open for regan .
cursing , i take her arm and drag her down the stairs , pretending to gain a little privacy .
i nod and drag my backpack onto my side of the bed , grabbing a t-shirt and bra and pulling them over my head , one at a time .
i drag her out of forger 's office and into the street .
i roll my eyes and drag on his arm so i can pull the gun from his hands .
i drag him out into the hallway and shoot him once in the head and then another time in the chest .
my hands drag through my hair anxiously .
and when i lean down to drag my tongue over the crown of his cock , it 's daniel 's taste on my tongue .
i drag my fingers through his hair .
i drag my finger away and my heart starts pounding with the sudden urge to choke him as i fold the page into a tight little roll .
she touches the rim of her glass with one fingertip , and i let my eyes drag up her lean , toned arm , down her body , my craving to have her growing fiercer and fiercer every second .
i groan and slam my palm to my forehead , then drag my hand roughly down my face .
melanie cries , struggling as two burly guards drag us away .
`` drag prince , '' i shoot back .
he sounds so lost in me i end up kissing him , slow and deep as i slowly , deliberately slowly , drag out our pleasures as i ride him on the sofa .
his dark brown hair stuck up in odd little places , reminding her of how he would always drag his hand through his hair when he got upset .
`` yeah , and she 's going to drag us all down with her . ''
though i wanted to refuse , to drag her to the shore where she could rest up a bit , i could n't find the heart to make her leave .
i 'd hesitated to let sam drag me into this gig .
he detected the slightest southern drag on her voice , from somewhere far south .
besides , sarah could n't drag wendy anywhere near nine lives .
martin murmured to the sky , `` please do n't drag me into this . ''
darkness fallz had sunk so low by the time wendy was sent to them that they were getting fired from pub gigs in tacoma because their meth-addicted lead singer could n't drag his ass to work at nine o'clock at night .
wendy could work as hard as possible and drag lorelei along with her , but all their efforts could easily be negated with one slipped bra cup and an unplanned nipple calling hello to the world .
holly wondered why her mom wanted to drag the owner of the casino into this .
angry that he 'd been forced to drag holly starr into this .
i guess i do n't want to drag somebody into that .
`` he will drag her into some sex game , '' peter whispered .
it could be unrequited love , and if that was the case , i was barking up the wrong tree in my effort to drag the donovans in the mud .
you kidnap me and drag me to the empire state building in the middle of the night , and you tell me i 'll see ? ''
did n't you drag all your books ? ''
he could n't drag himself out of bed .
`` that 's probably something to ask before you drag me over to the bar with you . ''
she struggled to drag a large duffel up the front steps .
you drag me back here and have the nerve to say that ? ''
when the rain lightens up , i drag myself off the ground and slide back into my car , leaving puddles of dirty water on my leather seats .
i drag my suitcase to my bedroom , flop my purse onto the floor , and lie down on my bed .
his clothes are huge on me , and i have to tug on the ties of his pants to cinch up the waist and rollup up the waistband several times , but the pants still drag on the floor .
his lips and tongue slowly drag against my heated skin as he makes his way up my legs , dropping kisses here and there along the way .
i lower my mouth to his neck and drag my lips up , kissing him behind his ear .
we finally drag our lips from each other , and i rest my forehead against his as i take in a deep breath .
when mark 's breathing grows heavy , i drag my mouth off of him and grip him in my hand as i shift to his side .
`` i 'm leaving now , '' i tell him as i drag myself off the couch and start heading out .
when i finally drag my lips off of hers , she stays close , and i keep her that way until she falls asleep .
it 's just her back , but she always keeps herself covered up , and i ca n't help myself when i drag my knuckles along her spine as i lift her shirt up and then tuck it under the strap of her bra .
shifting slightly to the side , i drag my knuckles along her bare skin between her shirt and pants .
everything moves in slow motion as i bring my hand to her hip , and with a trembling thumb , i drag it across what i can no longer blame on head-trips .
her lips drag along my neck and down my shoulder while i gently knead her supple breast in my hand and kiss her exposed neck .
her arms stay slung around my neck , hands trussed in my hair as i begin to drag my kisses along her neck and down to her chest .
i was starting to wonder when you would drag yourself down here , '' she says as she stands over the stove .
chapter forty-six candace and i finally drag ourselves downstairs for some much needed coffee after making love all morning .
and when i finally drag my lips away , i look down at her and ask , `` now what ? ''
i grip the gold bikini bottom from the back , drag it down her hips and toss it on the floor .
she puts her hand on his arm , and my inner cavewoman pounds her chest like king kong in drag .
we want you to drag it out of us .
i drag myself to the bathroom , my movements stiff and slow .
then i drop to my knees at the closet and drag out the duffel bag i brought from new york .
and then i touch her face-the one i plan on looking at every morning and every night , until death shows up to drag me away .
i drag her thong from her body , craving full contact .
i drag dee into the vestibule .
i drag myself up the wall and start again .
billy takes a drag on his beer .
i drag my eyes away and head for the shower .
he sits down at the table and takes a long drag from his beer .
before they drag her out , she spits one final threat my way .
did the guys pick me up and drag me back to the hotel ?
i ask with my sweetest smile before grabbing nico 's hand so i can drag him back into the house without giving him a choice .
`` oh , '' she whispers , her eyes widening as i slowly drag her straps down her shoulders , exposing her tits .
so hot that i want to drag devon into your spare bedroom , '' maggie says , and i look over to see her leaning back , fanning herself .
`` yep , '' is all he says before i drag his mouth down to mine , wrapping my legs around him .
he puts one in his mouth , lighting it and taking a drag .
i drag my last bag with me , following close behind him .
his hands pull my panties down my thighs , his weight leaving me only to drag them off me .
i felt his mouth beginning to drag down the side of my neck , and i came up for air .
it just took leslie to drag it out of the drawer and into my face .
i struggled to drag his boxers down as well , needing to feel him flush against me , with nothing in between .
he smiled and answered , `` crazy , there is nothing that could drag me out of here tonight . ''
my gps took me straight to the coffee shop on the main drag where i was meeting mr. montgomery , the attorney who had contacted me .
right off the main drag in sausalito , the claremont had been there since the turn of the last century , one of the few to survive the big quake .
it was close enough to the main drag that i 'd taken to walking into town when the mood struck .
we 'd started off walking down the main drag , stopped to get coffee , and then turned down a hidden pathway through an old garden gate back up into the hills .
i drag my hands around the wall for the light switch .
i drag it down her arms , one at a time , until she chucks her shirt in the same direction as her jeans .
i drag my hands around her waist and cup her ass , pulling her in close to me again .
i drag my hands down to her ass , pulling her tight against me again .
it 's the wait that is going to kill me ; the anticipation of knowing what that skin feels like under my hands , the way she shudders when i drag my lips against her body .
i drag my hands down through his hair and around his shoulders , lightly raking them down his chest as i lower myself onto my knees in front of him .
she obliges and turns her back to me and i gently place my hands inside the shoulders of the coat to slowly remove it , making sure to softly drag my fingers against the bare skin on her arms as i guide it off her .
at work anyway ... '' his gaze drops to my mouth , not missing the moment i drag my tongue along my suddenly parched lips .
i look back up at him and gently drag my finger down his body , making a trail as i drop to my knees in front of him .
her hands tangle in my hair as i drag my hands down her body resting them on her hips .
i see him drag his hand harshly away from nikki and go to stand up .
the repair place was about ten miles down the road , so i pulled out onto the main drag and stopped immediately at a red light .
`` you ca n't drag a man who was already running in your direction , '' he drawled .
i was going down and it was n't fair to drag him down with me .
and sometimes he would start low , down below my opening , and drag his tongue upward , twirl around my swollen clit , and then plunge the tip into my pink , wet depths , and i would literally quake with satisfaction .
the guy in the car was yelling for the other one to hurry , but he was slowed down by the fact he was trying to drag his bleeding , whining friend along with him .
i was n't about to drag this out any more than i had too .
trying to drag myself out of a way comfortable bed where i 'm surrounded by fluffy pillows and soft bedding is pretty much the epitome of torture .
he did n't drag me this time .
i wrote about the fear and loneliness that threatened to drag me down as i sat in that hole and stared up at the faraway sky .
his mouth moved to my other breast and he licked beneath it , a long drawn out drag of his tongue on the underside .
`` i 've missed you too badly to drag it out . ''
`` my entire life ... '' i said , pausing to drag in some air , `` is a complete disaster . ''
i wanted-no , i itched-to drag my fingers along that spot .
i was still hiding against him , and he chuckled and wrapped an arm around my waist to drag me along with him as he sat up against the wall .
but noooo , i had to drag my still half-asleep butt into the dmv where the lines never went away and my boss was likely in her office sticking needles in her voodoo dolls that looked exactly like all of us poor unfortunate employees .
i turned around to see the waiter drag the huge trashcan in front of the door .
it 's not something i drag out .
they would likely call it a heart attack and drag the poor dead sap off to the morgue . ''
he pulled the body off the rack and turned , lifting it up so the feet did n't drag the ground .
the layers of my clothes acted like an overzealous sponge that soaked up the water as fast as it could , and then the weight of the wet layers seemed to drag me down .
he went home for the weekend apparently , which is a drag .
when he hit the front door to open it , he was aggressive and angry , the door bouncing off the wall loudly enough that i glanced back , fearful that someone might yell at him or drag him back to jail .
kylie took some of it home for me , but i could n't ask her to drag all of it .
he lifted his cigarette to his mouth and took a deep drag .
riley was cleaning up the glass from the broken bottle with his bare hands , squatting down in a way that made his jeans drag down .
he asked , sounding genuinely curious , taking a drag on his just lit cigarette .
he took a drag .
tyler drummed his fingers on the wheel , taking one last drag of his cigarette before tossing it out the open window .
she asked , taking a drag .
his hand came out and helped me drag my left sleeve all the way off .
not just drag her off and nail her .
i did n't want to drag him through my past .
they 'd all seen me throw heath 's phone , him drag me off .
`` if you start cleaning up this kitchen i swear i will throw you over my shoulder and drag you kicking and screaming out of here . ''
i drag my wide eyes away from the waterfall and toward reese .
`` good , otherwise , you know , i 'd have to come there and drag you the hell back to new york . ''
and it makes me wonder what i 'm doing wrong if he can look at me that way and not drag me off to make me feel that heat first hand .
it takes all my restraint not to drag her off to the bedroom , especially when she puts her hands in my hair and winds it round her fingers .
i pound into her , rubbing her harder , and drag my teeth along her neck , biting down softly .
the next few minutes drag more than a chain smoker , and i 'm getting restless .
i drag my eyes up her body .
i look away and allow the girls to drag me into the writhing mass of people .
`` so just drag her off to bed , '' aston suggests .
you have to drag your sorry ass down here because you ca n't help but run up a goddamn bill for your drugs .
you just do n't usually drag your ass out of bed till gone lunch . ''
i drag them away from his mouth and across the sharp planes of his face until they meet his smoky eyes .
`` you looked like you were ready to drag me out of there by my ear just to get me away from him .
i could n't walk away , leaving him with the memories i made him drag out .
time seems to drag as i wait for his message that he 's outside .
i followed him slowly , letting my feet drag against the floor .
`` if i 'm there tonight i wo n't be able to get up at six a.m. tomorrow to drag her ass out . ''
i was supposed to drag her from that damn party and shove her through her front door , not have her turn those bright blue eyes on me and play me the way she plays all her guys .
if my cousin does n't drag you into a corner tonight i 'm booking him for an eye test , '' selena bursts .
he grips my ankle and kisses it , humming low as his lips drag up the inside of my thigh .
`` you 're not going to drag me into your room and strip me naked ? ''
i drag out the bottle of vodka and pour some in a short glass .
note to self : put on a bra before trying to drag your boyfriend 's gaze away from your vagina .
i drag my eyes away and they collide with dayton 's .
`` now get your ass out of bed before i drag you .
if mom did n't drag my ass back , renee would be on that .
congratulations on being sober enough to drag yourselves here . ''
he left us to go and sing , but always came back , even though several of the guys tried to drag him away or ply him with drinks .
i could be a total bitch and drag this out if i wanted .
`` did renee send you down here to drag me out so they can do whatever they 're plotting to do with me ? ''
`` i ca n't believe no one has come down to drag your ass upstairs for a good old-fashioned beat down . ''
i drag her off the couch , trudge into the kitchen , and get some steak and vegetables out of the fridge .
i walk over to the door and press my forehead against it as i drag in uneven breaths .
i drag my eyes away from his butt and watch my feet instead .
she started with mike , but first she needed to drag him away from her other friends , who zeroed in on the celebrity and were asking for autographs .
zach was always working on his car , trying to drag me under it . ''
he kissed an aunt , hugged a grandmother , and moved toward his brother to help drag him away from his adoring fans .
what the f**k did neil drag his sister into ?
monica had no desire to have him drag her to the floor , which might injure her back and put her out of work .
`` sorry to drag you all the way across the country . ''
her first thought was to drag dean along .
he could n't ask her to leave here and drag us girls up north ... blah , blah , blah . ''
i crawl out of bed and drag myself to the shower .
we float for a while in silence , and i drag my fingers through the water .
i drag one hand over the side , letting it float on the surface of the water as i listen to dare 's heart .
so he 'd come home from the bar and drag me out to the beach , where he 'd try and make me swim out and ring the bell .
you drag them kickin ' and screamin ' and you make them ready .
i drag myself out of bed and shuffle to the front door .
hell , he even tried to drag scott down with him .
like for john to burst through the door and drag her out by her hair .
he lets her go long enough to grab a chair and drag it over before going back to holding her hand and caressing it .
candi helped drag kevin out onto the dock and he helped jonathan up after him .
she put her hands under the dogs front armpits and lifted her enough to drag her .
kevin was finally able to drag himself back into the boat with candi 's and jonathan 's help .
i grab my bag and drag it by the handle , muttering to him or maybe just myself since he 's probably not even listening .
maybe it was the leftover sun exhaustion or the buckets of tears i cried , but my eyes did n't drag themselves open until well after nine .
`` i met a really nice lady today who wants to adopt , '' i say , trying to drag my brain out of the unhappy place it 's straying into .
we both know what 'll happen if i drag him into the mix .
teagan jumps back as i grab alissa by the shoulders and drag the top half of her body towards the open door .
`` anyone ever tell you you 're a total drag ? ''
i throw it open , grab julio by the shoulders , and drag him into a strangle-hold hug .
i glare at quin as she tries to drag me off again .
my feet drag and i keep my eyes on the floor .
my lungs drag in a hasty breath .
even if it were legally binding , do you think i 'd drag you through the courts if you did decide to run ? ''
i had hoped to drag my fifty shades into the light , but it 's proved a task beyond my meager abilities .
my mouth is slack as i try to drag precious air into my lungs .
`` you are coming back to my apartment if i have to drag you there by your hair . ''
with a heavy heart , i drag one of the manuscripts jack wants me to summarize into my lap and continue to read .
and now she 's here , trying to drag him back with some warped idea that she loves him .
he opens his eyes and circles his arms around me as i gently drag the razor down his cheek from the bottom of his sideburn .
do i want to ruin the feel-good moment by trying to drag the information out of him ?
it felt like all of the air had been pulled from my lungs as i desperately attempted to drag in air .
my dick jumped in my pants , and i had to force myself not to drag her back to the house and have my way with her .
i drag the folder to the desktop and try again , but this time , i get a message that the file is encrypted .
i tell her about the time our local library 's budget got slashed so badly that it could only open three days a week , which was a major drag for me because when i was n't at the garcias ' , i practically lived at the place .
he takes a long drag on his cigarette and when he exhales , there 's not nearly enough smoke .
we need to get on the phone , delay his arrest , and drag this out just a little longer . ''
i gave amanda an awkward wave and her face fell as she watched jake drag me away .
i shook my head , watching her drag barbara onto the dance floor .
without mercy rae began to drag me through the room .
like the only the thing holding me together , the only thing tethering me to this existence is the drag and crush of his mouth against mine .
i suck my bottom lip between my teeth as i drag it down .
i drag my eyes open , and instead of mountainous rock , i find soft , heated skin .
i do n't want to drag the towel across it because if there are any little slivers of glass , they could still cut her .
i drag my hands over my pockets , but i do n't feel my cell .
i drag my hand out from her shirt and cup between her thighs instead .
her mouth moves faster , exhaling a few tiny moans against me when i drag my hands up to cup her ass .
i eventually drag her out of the pool for a break to make sure she drinks some water after playing so hard .
i force myself to drag open my heavy eyes , but everything is shadowy , indiscernible shapes .
i drag my fingers up her spine , introducing myself to her body again , trying to swallow all this new , strange information she 's given me .
i drag her closer , and our bodies rub together , wet and wanting .
`` spoiled rich boy is unhappy , so he has to drag everyone else down with him . ''
he gets up to refill his glass of milk , and i drag in a few gulps of water because i suddenly do n't feel so well .
i bury my hands in her hair and drag her lips up to mine , grinding my h*ps into hers .
i gather her skirt up and drag it up to her waist , then i lift her up onto the counter again .
and i 'm not going to drag that through the mud .
he continues playing with my hair with his left hand , but his right slips down to drag a knuckle over my cheek .
i drag one finger through the grooves on his abdomen , across one side and over to the other .
i ca n't let this drag me down again .
i drag that scrap of lace down , too , and put my mouth where i 've wanted it for days .
he seems content to just lurk by the food table , and he looks miserable every time i drag him into a conversation .
she takes one last drag on her cigarette and then throws it at his feet .
i kiss her cheek , her jaw , drag my teeth down her neck .
stella skips off ahead of me , and i have to mentally remind myself not to drag my heels .
i was n't a particularly big fan of the parties she used to drag me to out on the beane ranch or the abandoned church turned party grounds out on oakcliff road .
`` no reason to drag yourself all the way up here to see little old me . ''
i cover every inch of the studio , and when i drag myself back to the center of the room for the final time , it 's on my hands and knees , slicked with sweat , my version of tears .
she hangs up the phone , the blinds drop , and i have no choice but to drag myself home .
i drag it out , expecting it to be carson .
`` please , '' she murmurs , diving down to drag her lips across my neck .
if we have to drag each other back into this locker room , bloody and exhausted and in pain , that 's okay .
i drag my nails lightly down his abdomen until i can slip them just beneath the band of his jeans .
i can feel him everywhere , and each slow drag of his body against mine has me gasping .
and if i fell off the wagon , i could easily drag her down that road with me .
shading the illustration of a guy i 'd seen skateboarding up the drag this morning , i made every effort to convince myself of the thing i knew to be true : jackie wallace 's heart was not mine to defend or protect against treacherous friends or disloyal boyfriends .
i pulled her back into my arms and kept my hands and mouth above her waist or over her jeans , clasping her hips to drag her along my thigh , creating strokes of friction and employing the benefits of gravity .
the redhead straddling my lap took the last drag off the joint we 'd shared , the embers singeing the tips of her index finger and thumb .
`` i tell you to give me your worst and you drag me out to volunteer .
i grab hold of her hips and drag her off the vanity and into me .
with one final drag off the cigarette , mia drops it to the ground then grinds it out with her foot .
`` that 's something you should have considered before you told isaiah to drag my ass to everybody-loves-nature middle of nowhere . ''
the urge was to go up , into the heart of the fire , to drag out the people who meant the most to me in life , but then i heard the small voices of my brothers , and i realized in that moment that i loved them more .
i bite my tongue to keep from informing matt that if conner had n't tried to use my hair to drag me to the ground i would n't have had to try to snap his wrist .
haley rattles on about temporary and how they 'll have a real home again soon and after she strategically plants a pair of jeans over her private garments , i snag a finger through one of her belt loops and drag her closer .
to make up for it , she and her boyfriend drag raced to raise the funds i took .
my father stopped moving forward and in my effort to drag him along , i also lost my way .
i 'm sorry-i know they 're mostly a drag for you-but fuck , petal .
instead of seeming beat down by the taxing drag of the proceedings , it seemed as if a literal weight had been removed from his shoulders .
chapter four i drag my feet to the kitchen , pulling a baseball hat low on my head .
i tip the boat upright and drag it to the shoreline .
i drag my lips down to the dip in her collarbone and she inhales quickly .
how on earth was i going to drag her away from a nice suburban home into a dive located in the heart of the city if she could n't even handle the reality of who our mother really was ?
the gun drew had brought with him was too close to him for me to try and grab as i hobbled to my feet and let my sister drag me down the stairs .
i do n't have the patience to drag this phase out to its normal length .
as long as no one tries to drag me off into a padded room , i 'll be fine . ''
i drag the tip along the straight edge of his teeth until i feel the brush of his tongue , hot and slick .
i cup his face in my hands and drag my tongue along his lower lip before i suck it into my mouth .
the heartbreak in the boy 's voice was so evident , hardy managed to drag his eyes away from the girl just long enough to glance at gabe ; his face was nothing short of crestfallen and his chin trembled with emotion .
hardy watched as she tore off another piece of cotton candy and held it up for inspection before sticking out her tongue and catching the tail to drag it into her mouth .
i say as i drag her toward me .
to prove my point , i drag my fingertips across her chin and down her chest , circling each nipple with a caress that 's feather light .
i grab her ass in one hand and one plump tit in the other , squeezing both as i drag my lips over her throat .
moving in time with the music , kennedy walks past the chair , reaching behind her to drag it along with her as she moves closer to center stage .
he 's like my life preserver , the one thing i can cling to that does n't threaten to drag me under .
his smile is brilliant and i have the sudden urge to reach over and drag him down on top of me .
he bends to drag one finger down my thigh as he sits on the end of my lounge chair .
during the second verse , he stops playing , instead using his hands to grasp my hips and drag me closer to him .
the minutes drag on like they 're hours and i start to think about how i must look sitting up here .
i 'll drag that tight little ass of yours into the bathroom and your first time will be memorable in a totally different way than what i have in mind . ''
i drag my fingertips over her smooth skin and feel the blood rush back into my dick .
i drag myself out of the tub , wrapping a towel around my waist and carrying my glass inside to refill it .
sitting up , i reach over to snap on my bedside light and drag a paperback from my nightstand drawer .
jet guides me along the street to a little bar that 's just off the main drag .
i lean away from her so that i do n't do something stupid like drag her into the woods across the street and pin her up against a tree .
i step outside , give the dog his bone , and drag in a gulp of fresh air .
he 's laughing when his arms reach around me and drag my body to his .
i get some more marshmallow on my finger and i drag it from her chin down to the valley between her br**sts .
bringing out my hands , i reach up to grasp the elastic band of his underwear and i tug , carefully freeing his shaft before i drag them down his legs .
chapter six - rusty i doubt many things would 've surprised me more than the man in drag who greeted me and trick at the door of the costume shop .
no reason to drag it out . ''
oh god , how i 'd love to drag her off that horse and onto mine , have her wrap those long legs around me and ...
i return her smile and let jenna drag me out of my bedroom and down the stairs .
slowly , i drag my tongue along my top lip .
watch him drag his fingers through his hair in that way that he does .
and i want nothing more than to pull over and drag her into my lap .
i drag a hand through my tangled hair .
and olivia is way too nice a girl for me to drag her into my crazy life .
i drag it over my sweaty neck and chest , then up my arms as well .
otherwise , it would n't be cash that blew our cover , it would be me-when i leave my position behind the bar , march right over to him , plant my lips on his and then drag him back to bed .
the good thing is , unless they tell her i 'm both brothers , she can just blame me and not drag nash and all his accomplishments through the mud . ''
i push my feet into my shoes , throw my bag over my shoulder and drag my fingers through the tangles in my hair as i tiptoe past the guest bath .
throwing off the covers , cash bends to drag one hand up my thigh while he pulls one of my nipples into his mouth .
i turn ever so slightly to the side and , as slowly as i can , i drag the material down my legs , bending sharply at the waist .
wiping my eyes , i drag myself from behind the wheel .
i drag the bottle up her leg to the heat i can feel coming from between her thighs .
after i park and drag my briefcase from the passenger seat , i make my way to the front door .
`` perfection ca n't be improved upon , '' i say , pulling marissa in close for a kiss before olivia can drag her off , too .
you 're moving up , and he would drag you right back down .
i have to drag my eyes away from the set .
i was going to find her and drag her back by her hair if i had to .
madoc made me promise not to leave bed without permission for twelve hours , and now i thought he 'd have to drag me away .
`` but i 'll drag her through court for as long as i can .
i sucked in air , watching him suck and release , kiss and drag , making me throb so hard i started grinding against him .
we were going to the hospital if she had to drag me every goddamn step of the way .
i flicked the zippo to life and took a drag on the joint .
i pulled a drag on the cigarette and then breathed the smoke out into her face .
apparently , the lead singer had been dressed in drag , and the band had played `` piano man '' to close their set .
she could n't drag her eyes away from him , and chris would n't let her have more than one more drink .
her mouth was hanging open as he took a long drag from the cigarette , breathing in deeply .
the kind i have to drag out of her .
i light up and take a deep drag , closing my eyes as the bliss of a nicotine rush hits me .
i ca n't help but reach up and gingerly , reverently , cup one of her br**sts , drag my thumb across her nipple and feel the way she twitches as the pad of my thumb brushes her sensitive skin .
i drag my finger through her lips again , deeper , letting her essence slick my index finger .
you 're gon na drag her around with you on the back of your bike , and eventually you 're gon na get her killed . ''
she walks away then , and her feet drag .
my breasts sway and drag against his flesh .
i drag my mouth away from his and press my lips to his chest , stutter them across his skin until i find the flat of his nipple and i lick him , then nip him hard enough to elicit a curse and a jerk that has him crushing deep into me .
just enough time to take a drag off a joint , maybe even a couple of hits if i 'm fast .
then i could drag chelsea into bed and get her naked .
i take her free hand and drag her inside , slamming and locking the door behind her .
`` now , i 'm gon na go find a girl , feel her up , and drag her back to my bedroom where if i 'm lucky enough , i 'll get her naked .
i grab hold of his arm to try and drag him back to his office but he jerks out of my grip , his expression full of disgust and horror .
rhys helped aj drag jake back to the bedroom .
when abby managed to one-up me by learning and singing some of our songs , i swore to her that i would drag her on stage with me at the next show .
i bobbed my head , causing a lazy smile to drag across his lips .
still coming down from my high , i blindly let him drag me behind him while trying to smooth down my dress .
i grunt as i drag my large suitcase up her stairs .
nodding , i scoot back so i 'm leaning against the headboard like he is and drag the comforter up to my waist .
i wondered if i had time to squeeze in one more cigarette after i finished the one in my hand and as i took a long drag , i watched a fancy white lexus pull into the parking spot behind me .
i did n't mean to be a drag .
could you not drag yourself away from dreaming about your new girl ? ''
i drag my half-sleeping body into the shower and let the cool water pour over me in an attempt to force myself awake .
that i 'll drag you down into the hell that i belong in with me . ''
nico releases me and i think our conversation is over , so i begin to walk to the door , intent to take a shower and finally drag my ass into work .
i really do n't want to drag my lazy ass out of bed , but i need it .
i should be in the gym tonight , practicing my technique , but instead i 'm in a f**king bar i have n't visited in almost a year , looking for dirtbags that helped drag me down .
i just need to find the guy who got her into this mess and drag him back . ''
she took a long drag of her drink .
he leaned against the cabinets and watched with sympathy as she threw back the bottle once more , taking another long drag .
what could possibly be so important that you had to drag me away from my girlfriend and my family ? ''
the past few months felt like a big waiting game and part of her wanted to just drag alexander to vegas that weekend and marry him there without all the bullshit of having a big wedding .
the heavy smell of sex in the room makes my stomach protest , but i swallow the rising bile and drag him out from under the three girls .
right now , they were eating me up and i had to fight the urge to drag him upstairs .
no need to drag your husband into this drama . ''
he took another long drag , the cherry crackling with his inhalation , the smoke hot in the bottom of his lungs .
my cell phone did n't have internet browsing , but i planned to look on the shared computer at carridee 's house as soon as i got back , if i could drag all her kids away from their games .
he managed to drag himself out of bed and make it to the bathroom without too much trouble .
the tip glowed as he took a long drag , then he rested his head against nick 's arm and closed his eyes .
nick plucked the cigar from zane 's fingers and took a long drag .
the last incident had been driving my father 's new maserati into south gate to drag my friend gordon out of a meth house .
i had no idea how much longer he 'd drag me around by the panties , but it surely would n't be long enough to make a career .
he was going to drag me into a pit of defilement and humiliation .
i twisted , resisting the order , and he used the torque to drag one leg out of my panties .
then drag four fingers over my clit .
knock me against the metal shelves and drag me into the dark back room ?
you been a drag on me from day one , and i 've had it . ''
worst case scenario , you create a false memory that includes a unicorn and jim morrison in drag . ''
or do they drag when you walk ? ''
if you have a shred of dna over there , remove it , because once i walk out of here , i wo n't hesitate to drag you down with him . ''
`` right , then toss your dirty clothes in the laundry and drag your other crap into the closet and leave it on the floor in there ! ''
then he was going to drag her ass to her bedroom , which he hoped to god was as appealing as the porch and foyer of her house , and then `` lay his new babe '' .
he took another drag off his beer and looked back at the yard .
i just had to get over the shock of it and i 'd done that over bourbon and pool with a bunch of g*y guys and drag queens which was the best way to go about that .
i nodded to the window and took another drag from my cigarette , blowing the smoke out the screen .
that lets you off since charlene did n't make the effort to drag it out of you ? ''
but other than drag her kicking and screaming out of the apartment , down fifteen floors and into a taxi , i did n't know what to do .
`` you drag me around , '' i whispered .
`` she did n't do right by you , '' he murmured then twisted his neck and i watched him take a drag from his cigarette and exhale an angry stream of smoke .
`` he went from a drag racer to a club owner in a hop , skip and a jump .
knight watched , took a drag from his cigarette , blew out the smoke in a thin , pissed off stream then he crushed it out on the ashtray on the railing .
he 'd press me against the wall , the counter , take my hand and drag me out of a room his gran was in and there he 'd press me against a wall and lay a hot and heavy one on me .
so he had to drag you down so you 'd never see him for what he was , leave him behind and find what you deserve . ''
`` absolutely not , not while you 're here to spend my time with , '' i told her , she smiled then she moved to drag a chair beside me .
i 've f**ked beebee , you know it , we do not need to go back there and you sure as f**k are not gon na drag me back there every time something crawls up your ass .
they had to drag me outta there so i did n't go after him or try and get to you .
he threw a chair and they had to drag him out so he would n't interrupt the questioning to get to me . ''
she was going to drag it out as long as possible which figured since she was a bitch and did n't give a shit about her kids .
the only thing i had to hold onto , seein ' as another woman of mine had been caught in a drive-by , was that no blood was at the scene and my boys saw tack drag you out .
`` ha - '' `` you do not drag your dispatch cosmo girlfriend into your man 's shit firstly , because it might get her ass fired but especially because it might get her ass hurt . ''
so i let him drag me down the hall .
he put the bottle to his lips and took another drag before he put it to the bar .
`` do not wan na drag you over old ground when shit is good , babe , but not one of them took my back when it went down and they found out about you and me .
did n't want to drag you in .
his hand moved slightly so his thumb could drag along my lower lip as he growled , `` best decision you 'll make in your life , baby . ''
if he was going to drag me out of the house to try a different bakery , i feared we 'd have words .
`` we 're talking about you still digging for gold even though the vein has run dry and having the sheer gall to walk up to max in a nice restaurant and try to drag him into it ! ''
i knew max and charlie had several special spots but whenever i needed to drag them back home ( which was often ) i usually found them at the first spot i checked .
`` jesus , krys , maybe you wan na talk to me before you hire some sorry-ass , old , fat , suburban bitch to drag around our goddamned bar ? ''
`` you get on it or i drag you to it . ''
she 'd drag him in front of something , curl into him and smile bright into the camera like she 'd hit heaven not utah .
he fought the urge to move to her and drag her up the stairs to his bed .
but when he took them , they liked the look of it and they did drag their asses out of the cruiser to clatter on their platform heels to a location where he could take their picture with part of the monument in the background .
my guess only , she 's legally and financially clear , unless he 's outed and dishonored , she never has to know and there 's no need to drag her in .
you want more , take it but do n't drag me with you as you struggle with this crap , chace .
he grabbed his beer , lifted it up , took a drag and on the way down his eyes caught on tate .
`` nope , '' deck replied , took a drag off his beer bottle and kept his eyes on the plain .
chace grinned at his beer bottle before he took another drag .
`` thought i 'd swing your way , drag my shit in your place , unload the bike , and we could take off for a few days . ''
i lifted my beer , took a drag , and replaced it on my belly .
`` you say another goddamned word , i 'll kiss you quiet , drag your ass into the office , f**k you on the goddamned desk , and do it until you 're so exhausted , you ca n't speak and then we 'll talk seein ' as i 'm the one who 's got somethin ' to say . ''
do n't give her the chance to drag you back in . ''
not sure , never studied up on the guy , could be wrong , but i reckon michelangelo did n't wake up and think , 'fuck , i got ta drag my ass outta bed .
and reece took a drag off his beer as he watched her laugh .
i 'd located it , pulled back a drag , and dropped my beer to find arlene standing right in front of me .
to drag me closer and plunge his tongue into my mouth , but he did the opposite .
she came forward , unsuccessfully trying to drag fox toward me .
her lips opened and closed fruitlessly trying to drag oxygen into her body .
gone was the need to drag out the night .
i angled my nails , preparing to drag them over his forearm , but he stepped onto the curb and yanked me forward .
the horror living in her dark brown gaze was enough to drag a tiny bit of humanness from my cold soul .
ripping my shirt off my shoulders , i kneeled on the bed and grabbed her hips to drag her body beneath mine .
not unless you want me to drag your delicious body down the bed and f**k you .
i knew what i wanted , but i had a feeling q meant to drag this out .
this was why i wanted to keep it simple and not drag her into everything .
he grunted in pain but managed to sit upright and with a bit of effort drag me into a sitting position .
lynx would drag this out-toying with me , trying to make me crack with his f**king mind games .
`` why did you drag me here ?
the end chapter one curse took a long drag on his cigarette as he watched the spritely blonde bounce on his cock .
`` you do n't have to drag me , '' he complained .
the memory swamped him , threatening to drag him down .
taking another deep drag on his cigarette , tiny looked over the landscape .
she spoke fast so he would n't drag the revelation out .
that shit is always a drag . ''
that means the red wolf wo n't be able to drag me down by my ankles .
`` when she goes under , the suction will drag down anything close to her .
leaning against the bottom of the stairs in a rolling stones t-shirt and faded jeans , he watched one fellow student after another drag heavy suitcases into the dormitory lounge .
or worse , had her parents decided it was time to drag her back home ?
`` you can leave if it 's making you uncomfortable , '' she offered , knowing that a thousand horses could n't drag travis from the tub .
travis reached for her arm to drag her up out of her chair .
he pretended to drag lily back to the bedroom .
you 'd better get yourself into the shower before i drag you there myself . ''
cole could barely drag in enough oxygen as he stared down at the slick pink flesh between her thighs , her soft brown curls already slightly damp for him .
the ringing bell gave her license to drag him away to the relative safety of her classroom , where she all but slammed the door in the faces of her students ' parents .
it made him want her even more , and he wanted to drag her up his body and bury himself in her heat .
the sun was almost rising and he was planning to drag it out on the water .
only when the sound of footsteps came and he heard someone say his name was he able to drag his mouth from hers .
to drag her down onto the rug so that he could claim her again and again and again until he had taken at least the edge off his desperation .
every instinct , every cell in his body was screaming at him to go after her , to drag her back over his shoulder if necessary .
you ca n't just club the woman over the head and drag her away to your cave .
she grabbed the back of his shirt gently as he clasped her hand in his and tried to drag her out of the hospital .
they 'd need an entire damn army to drag him away from mia .
and she certainly knew he 'd try like hell to do it , even if he had to drag the fabled creature of folklore to their bedside every night to sprinkle magic sand in her eyes .
she had n't wanted to drag her butt out of bed , and she was n't certain whether it was really the alcohol she 'd consumed the night before , or the fact that she was going to have to face travis .
maybe it was speaking to his caveman : the virginal , sweet color making him want to drag ally off and corrupt her as soon as possible .
please , let 's not drag this out any further . ''
work hard , get smart , triumph over those who want to drag you down , and you win a girl .
he sank inside me with a groan , his eyes clouded with lust when he managed to drag the lids open again and look at me .
of course i 've imagined what it would be like to have a man in my life who 'd just drag me over his lap and smack my ass .
normally i 'd be upset to miss it , but i ca n't say i regret my decision to let adrian drag me back to his room .
so help me god , i do n't care how much money you donate , i 'll drag you there by your ear if you give me any sass . ''
you should take off the ring and run away , before i drag you down with me to the slums of f**king suburbia .
he pulls out a cigarette and lights it , taking in a long drag and then adding , `` i just missed you , '' as the smoke drifts out of his mouth , forming a vaporous cloud in front of his face .
taking a drag from his cigarette , the smoke drifts lazily out of his mouth when he gets all big-brother-protective , saying , `` tell me what happened . ''
i can remember back to when i was little and she used to drag a chair in front of the stove for me to stand on .
but each new betrayal and i sliced a little deeper , wanting to drag it along my wrists .
isabella took a long drag and held out her arm .
but there was another part of me that blistered and made me drag jacob back into motion .
even if i had the guts to tell him my story and how i needed to see logan or my world would stop turning , i think he 'd just pick me up and drag me out the exit , kicking and screaming .
i 'm not going to drag anyone into this .
he wonders if she would make a pass at him - in which case , he would drag her into the pool room , clear everyone out and f**k her on the table immediately amid all the colored balls rolling around .
she can feel the undercurrents gathering , together with a sinister undertow that threatens to drag at her kicking feet .
your reasons are your own but do n't try to drag a good man down simply because you do n't like him .
`` penny ... '' she backed away , as if needing more distance between them and he had to fight the urge to follow but he knew if he took one step toward her , he 'd drag her into his arms and never let go .
i 'll drag tammy over , telling her it 's just ty and you , then we 'll feed her wine all night .
imogen wilson had her shoulder nearly dislocated from its socket when her friend tamara yanked her arm , trying to drag her down the hallway .
if imogen said she usually came only once , ty was n't going to argue with that , or think he could somehow manage to drag more than one from her .
`` would it be impulsive to drag you away to my coach right now ? ''
the kiss just went on and on , their breath jagged and eager , her hands reaching out to grip his sweatshirt , to drag his sexy self closer to her .
you 'd better be at my house or i will hunt you down and drag you over . ''
but she had no right to drag suzanne into this . ''
a drag , that 's me . ''
it was n't remotely fair to drag her into it , but evan was so horrified , so hurt and outraged , that he wanted a reaction from someone , anyone .
`` it looked to me like there was a bit of a drag on evan monroe 's car , and we thought we heard mention of debris . ''
`` can we drag in your parents ' driveway ? ''
he lost the grin and focused on holding a straight line , making sure he avoided her drag .
rhett yawned and reached down to drag the blanket up over their bodies .
he could n't stay there day after day wanting something more from her , trying to drag it out of her , until she withdrew and he resented that his needs were n't being met .
`` i do n't want to drag our family through court , no .
when he was able to drag up his eyelids , zane was staring at him , his mouth stretched open by trey 's cock .
he knew he was walking a slippery slope with rebecca but could n't seem to drag his feet off it .
i drag my gaze from the window back to her .
she takes a long drag .
i lift onto my tiptoes and drag his bottom lip between my teeth .
i lift some of the files , drag my fingertip across the glass , leaving a long smear across it , and smile .
then , for the love of bloody god , please drag your finger across it . ''
i drag my nails down his back , digging into his skin when i reach the bottom to make my point .
i simply have to drag him into the bathroom and run a bath .
the way it hugs her body like a second skin has had my c**k twitching inside my pants all night , and now i 'm almost ready to drag her out of here and take her to our room .
if i had any idea where she was tonight , i 'd march down there and drag her away .
before she could argue-and if she 'd realized he 'd planned to drag her off alone , she might have-ian grasped her arm and guided her to the exit at the far side of the room .
he also knew how hard it was for her to admit to those feelings , and it took all his willpower not to launch across the room and drag her into his arms and out of there .
hands braced on either side of her , he raised himself up and pulled his c**k out , feeling the drag of her inner walls against his hard length before plunging back deep into her wet core .
kendall was actually tempted to drag him into the woods and have her way with him herself .
from his mixed-up emotions to the overwhelming desire to pick her up and drag her to bed and make love to her-no discussion , no questions .
reed took a quick drag , this time polite enough to exhale in the opposite direction .
i ca n't even remember how many times i 've had to drag him out of the gutter .
i should n't have let you drag me here to begin with .
`` so why drag this out ? ''
`` miranda ... '' he trailed off , moistening his bottom lip with the sexy drag of his tongue , and then he leaned in close so that his lips hovered over her ear .
`` mccoy probably could n't bear to drag himself out of jen 's bed .
the tip of his cigarette glowed in the darkness as the naval officer took a deep drag .
aidan looked relaxed as hell as he flicked his ashes in the ashtray before bringing his cigarette back to his lips for another drag .
he took a quick drag and then extinguished his cigarette in the small plastic bowl she 'd placed on the table earlier for that exact purpose .
`` see , it 's settled , '' seth announced before taking a deep drag of his cigarette .
i 'm even willing to let you drag me to every department store in the state if it means you 'll stay . ''
aidan lit up a cigarette , took a deep drag , and exhaled a cloud of smoke into the night air .
they 're scared of how you 'll react if they try to drag up all those old issues-they were probably scared of how you 'd react back then , too .
the columned brick home has a wide , stone staircase , and it takes me forever to drag my tired self up it .
her eyes and mine collide , and i drag my gaze down her body .
`` i do n't want to drag you into this . ''
i drag a deep breath in , and the monitor stops beeping .
i can drag him in if you open the door . ''
i toss the test in the garbage can , push my purse onto my shoulder , hoist my hang-up bag over my other shoulder , and drag my rolling suitcase to the elevator .
i do a hard work out , shower , and drag my camping gear out of a storage closet behind my treadmill .
i was groggy but i managed to drag myself to the lavatory to splash water on my face and freshen up .
he wanted to drag her out of there and f**k her to unconsciousness .
here he was digging deep for the strength not to drag her out the place , make her promise never to jet off like that again and then f**k her 'til she could n't take any more .
`` tell me or i 'll drag you in here . ''
he took a step back , then another , just to force himself not to drag her into his arms again .
i 'd expected him to drag out this little power play and make me go all the way to him .
`` he files charges for assault , and the only way to defend is to drag lizzy into this mess , '' he said as he headed into the living room .
they valiantly try to move with their boss and still drag the rolling cases .
i drag my teeth across my lower lip , but i ca n't lie .
`` after my mother died , my father would drag us out to restaurants for every meal , '' damien says .
as if in illustration of his words , his eyes drag slowly over me .
when yet another saturday night rolls around again , jamie is determined to drag me out of my funk .
faith 's gaze was riveted to the scene before her so intently that she had to force herself to drag her stare away to take in the other occupants of the room .
she stared , unable to drag her gaze away from the dark hair at his groin .
i held on to shane 's arm and let him drag me through the crowds , trying to ignore the doubts assailing my mind .
`` drag me to a bathroom . ''
something about a motorcycle highlighted her natural physical strength , her fresh , vital energy ... ... a jean-encased ass that made him want to drag her back to the penthouse every time he looked at it , which was pretty much constantly .
`` it 's not really a good time- '' `` get into my office this second before i drag you there , elise . ''
by the time nine thirty p.m. came around , she was starting to drag .
`` so he kidnapped me for real , sending his driver in to drag me out kicking and screaming . ''
i do n't care how rich you are or how many foreign countries you drag me into , this whole thing is ridiculous . ''
she stopped once and he was ready to grab her head and drag her back to him , when he looked down to see her licking his balls .
`` you ca n't just drag me out of there like a goddamned caveman .
with every inch , i felt those metal studs drag along my tender skin , like the sweetest torture i never wanted to end .
by the third day , it was all i could do to drag my body to the shower and wash my miserable self .
that girl is a drag .
when she does eventually come to be with me here , or in our new home , which i 'm hoping she would help me pick out sometime in the near future , i want it to be a happy occasion , and not because i had to drag her from the clutches of her deranged father .
i slowly drag the cursor across the screen and finally hit `` send . ''
`` not to a lot of people , '' declan says , taking a drag of his smoke , `` i 'm sure that when most people look at you , they see a beautiful , driven , well-adjusted girl .
`` if that 's the case , then hit the road , '' dani tells me , `` but do n't try to drag declan along behind you .
i 'm not going to drag the rest of you into this world of shit . ''
`` oh , i 'm sure , '' kassie grins , holding her hand out for a drag of his cigarette .
i wince as he tries to drag me back to the table .
my feet drag strangely as i make my way across the bar .
`` if it turns out that the wraiths are innocent , i 'm all for peace , '' declan says , `` but if our suspicions hold , and they are responsible for sam 's death , it 's a lot more than their reputation i mean to drag through the mud .
leo asks , taking a long drag .
jesus , i think longingly , to be that cigarette ... `` i 'll take a drag of yours , '' i manage to reply , my voice riding low and lusty in my chest .
i try to drag my attention back to the task at hand , but my eyes just do n't want to focus on a screen for another second .
`` just shoot me a text if you 're going to be late so i don't- '' `` did you really drag me here to berate me about my texting habits ? ''
i force myself to take deep breaths as we drive out past the main las vegas drag .
`` you love it , '' he says , taking a long drag .
`` i would n't have let them if they tried , '' i smile , plucking the cigarette from his mouth and taking a long drag , `` i 've got better places to be these days . ''
royston glared down at the top of her shiny head , wanting to drag her into his arms and kiss her so she would behave predictably .
he 'd drag me into his insane schemes and i 'd go along to make sure he did n't kill himself or get arrested doing something stupid .
`` well , friend , i have another hour to drag this out of you , so do go on . ''
it took every ounce of concentration not to drag callum away from the table and find a secluded area to ravish him there , so that i could get rid of all this pent-up , boiling hot , spinning out of control need to devour him .
she was so sweet , bringing me coffee twice a day , so that i did n't have an excuse to drag and moan about whilst working .
however , seeing how my friends looked pleasantly comfortable , lounging about the sitting room , it would be rather impossible to drag them out .
`` i 've always wanted to sweep you over my shoulder and drag you off to my cave .
`` do n't drag her into our problem matt .
he gyrated a little , letting sam 's cock drag across his tensed abs .
the therapy group had tierney pinned down , with little hope of escape from drag betty and all her fucking questions .
i had become accustomed to seeing max so often , or at least talking to him every day , i knew i would miss him and it would just make the workdays drag on even more until i laid eyes on him again .
`` i wo n't drag you back . ''
i push past him and dive into the driver 's seat of my car , but he reaches after me and tries to drag me back outside .
`` but please , i do n't want to drag you into this .
we drag it into his office together .
`` i 'm not going to drag you into any of this . ''
we could have a crazy , fucked-up disaster of a relationship and someone would still have to beat me over the head with a sledgehammer to drag me away from you . ''
`` noah crawford was at a drag queen show ? ''
'cause i 'm not buying the whole 'we met outside a drag queen show in la and fell in love ' bullshit .
that was when i got an idea that would help me fuck with both of them-polly for snooping when she should have been minding her own damn business , and delaine for making the drag queen comment in the first place .
i mean , you were talking about elvis , tupac , mj , drag queens ... and noah was n't any help , either .
i tugged on his hand to drag him around to the side of the house so i could do the same thing there .
returning to my cell , i begin to drag my feet a bit , dreading going back in there .
while paul is fussing over pages with the bailiff , i walk over to the mismatched anomaly who might be a drag queen and try to introduce myself .
and just think , this ca n't drag on for hours because we have limited time today . ''
so , beautiful , you can drag me to your bed right now and do what you will with me . ''
no reason to drag this out .
she wanted to stop the dvd-she 'd seen enough-but she knew if her parents had driven all the way down here expecting her to watch it in its entirety , her telling them she 'd seen enough would only drag this out longer , and she just wanted to be done with it .
*** their stroll from the train station to the bondage and fetish club district in roppongi was uneventful , besides their being accosted by members of a geisha drag club to watch their show .
she grabbed hold of lucien 's arm and tried to drag him off , as effective as a kitten trying to wrangle a tiger .
the silence that followed seemed to drag on endlessly , so she knocked again , a little louder this time .
`` why 'd you drag that thing along to buffalo ?
chapter fourteen carter stared at macie , his eyes eating up the frantic , sexy look on her face as the little spitfire attempted to drag all two hundred pounds of him through the mud .
`` i ai n't kiddin ' , macie , get off that death trap or i 'll drag you off . ''
then marla turned nasty and threatened to drag cord to court , throwing around words like `` joint custody '' and `` parental rights '' .
cord managed to drag his eyes back to hers .
when he layered his muscled chest over her back to drag kisses over her shoulder , she arched , craving the contact of his warm male skin on hers .
i do n't need to drag that shit back to iraq with me . ''
you want a woman who will drag you off that damn tractor to f**k you in the weeds any time she pleases . ''
hell , she 'd been tempted to drag him into her bedroom and see how wild they could be together .
she slowed and stopped by letting her combat boots drag in the shallow dent in the dirt , facing him in mirror position .
he f**ked her with the vibrator , pressing the phallus against her pubic bone inside as he suckled her clit , then he 'd slowly drag it out again .
unless you want me to hoist you into a fireman 's hold and drag you outta this room , you 'd better keep movin ' . ''
`` maybe i want to drag it out . ''
i 'm supposed to beat on my chest , drag her off by her hair and demand she marry me ? ''
domini did n't drag it out ; she took them both to the brink and kicked them into sweet ecstasy .
she let her teeth drag along the sensitive underside of his c**k as she released him from her mouth .
that 's why me'n colby are offerin ' to drag stuff up and down the stairs for you . ''
just for that , i think i 'll drag out the nipple clamps tonight . ''
`` unlike my little brother , i do n't drag every skank home to meet mom . ''
`` what 's so all-fired important you had to drag me away ? ''
lucky for keely the day did n't drag as much as she 'd feared .
he practically growled , `` how badly i want to throw you over my shoulder and drag you to bed . ''
`` i would if it meant you 'd employ some caveman tactics and drag me off to your cave .
how long can they drag out the sexual tension when it 's obvious the two of them belong together ? ''
`` once i had that shirt hangin ' open , i 'd drag my palms down your chest until i had your br**sts cupped in my hands .
he held still , letting her body drag him over the edge .
when i first started competing and i did n't have a nickel to my name , i 'd drag an old tent along .
but seeing chase 's reaction to the way she touched him made her burn hotter , made her want to drag out this exploration so she could know every dip and hollow of this magnificent body .
`` i wo n't drag out the details .
quinn 's horse danced impatiently at the top of the rise , as his rider watched ben drag the cow up the incline .
he 'd intended to drag this out .
it 'd taken every ounce of strength not to march into her office , throw her over his shoulder and drag her to his place , where he could tie her to the bed , and make her listen to him .
it 'd be easier to drive the ten blocks to sundance 's main drag rather than hoof it in four-inch wedge sandals .
he 'd intended to clamp his hands on her ass and drag her closer to his body , but instead , he slipped his arm behind her knees and cradled her against his chest .
`` although , i could probably knock you over and drag you . ''
trevor let his fingers drag across her lower belly .
`` i ignored my natural instinct to drag you into the bedroom by your hair . ''
no reason to drag it out .
if she was a betting woman , she 'd drop a c-note that dalton would drag her back to their room as soon as possible .
so crazy to f**k me that you drag me into a damn storage closet . ''
`` this is the second time this week you 've had to drag cord along . ''
`` how about if i just drag you home right now , haul you up to our bedroom and f**k you hard for an hour straight ? ''
carson picked up the cigarette smoldering in the ashtray and took a drag .
`` best thing i ever did was drag your ass to the dancehall that night . ''
do you really think i 'd dress up in drag and let some married guy fuck me in high heels ?
he 'd rented a room in one of the most exclusive hotels in boston and the guests were all required to attend in costume-preferably drag .
when kyle stepped out of the bathroom in full drag , elroy sat up in bed and gaped at him .
although elroy had never been into transgendered men or guys in drag , he felt so unusually excited about seeing kyle in that tight dress he reached down again and put his hand up the back of the dress .
then he stopped walking , turned to face ricky in the middle of commercial street , and kissed him on the mouth right in front of a group of homely young gay guys all in bad drag .
the only time kyle did laugh was one evening when elroy put on kyle 's halloween drag costume and paraded around the room in high heels and wig .
he wanted to grab her by the back of the head and drag her into the ring , but carson and the ice man started fighting again and evan and the woman both forgot why they were arguing .
treston hated bad drag , which is why he never did it .
and i 'm doing drag tonight . ''
the sound of another drag on her cigarette came through the phone .
i had better go before sam stops calling and comes up here to drag me out . ''
i nod shyly , feeling the urge to drag the covers up over my head .
he did n't drag her , but he was n't exactly gentle as he pulled her into the office section of the loft .
it made him want to storm out of the party , track them down , and drag layla back to his bed like a caveman .
they do n't drag them around by the hair , and he ca n't tell me what to do . ''
a man who was determined to drag her back to his time .
so she had not only drugged him , she 'd gotten her son to help him drag his body to her friend 's apartment .
sleep began to drag at sam 's eyes , but there was still one thing she had to know before she let her inner dreams take over the one she and nikolai had created in the real world .
but i would crawl out of here , drag myself with my arms if that 's what it took to escape sean .
but a little voice inside my head said that it was magic , that sean had the power to drag me into slumber against my will like bane could .
it made my job so much easier , and i no longer had to drag tom through the wringer to get another opinion on marketing .
damned if a woman would be able to cure anything , '' he scoffed after a deep drag .
cid stood slowly , eyeballing her and vincent as he took a long drag on his cigarette .
he replaced his cap and took a long drag on his cigarette .
im sorry , but you and i both know those guys will be there and youre going to drag me with you so you can hang out with them .
she had to get off the drag and out of this dress .
it did happen , otherwise why did she wake up on the drag , still wearing her clothes from the night before ?
he had to stop looking at her like he was doing , or she would drag him back .
they were supposed to meet everyone in the lounge at seven then head into the dining room a half hour later , but when they finally managed to drag themselves from bed and into a shared shower , it was already five minutes before seven o'clock .
besides visiting her grandmother , marina had no other plans than to drag herself to the living room sofa .
you 're a drag and i 'm already bored of doing this .
i drag noah inside and he busies himself with making popcorn while i set up the movie .
glancing between her and the road , he pulled a drag from his cigarette , the ashes turning bright orange , then blew the smoke straight into her face .
your uncle chose to be angry , chose to drag you through the muddy river before agreeing to what should have been a no-brainer .
his insides lurched and he jerked open the door , reaching out to grab her arm and drag her from the ship .
and i cant think of any circumstance that would call for a girl with a screwdriver to drop me from a chain to break my shoulder against a concrete floor and drag me along as if im some kind of hostage .
gunfire and shouting echoed behind us , and logan picked up the pace to nearly drag me with them .
for the last few days , his friend , jake had tried to drag him to the boardwalk with them , but colin bailed out early .
eirik was still at a2z games , and we had to practically drag him out of there .
i wanted to yank her arm from its socket and drag him away from her .
so he struggled to his feet trying to pick her up , but only managing to drag her to the settee in the middle of the lounge room .
sense finally breaks through my weird daze and i drag my eyes away .
she wouldnt drag us out here for no good reason now , would she ?
buddy drew her into his arms , and they began dancing together , youve come a long way since i practically had to drag you onto the dance floor at the branding iron bar , mandy teased .
he had overheard , but it wouldnt be fair to drag him into the middle of it .
a month which just seemed to drag on and on , he was scared to confide in anybody and to tell them of his plans .
it took some time but janice did manage to get him to his feet and drag him to her car and after a few minute she was driving him home .
he made up his mind that he was not going to let this thing drag on so he finally agreed to hang around until the police arrived , and also a solicitor for him if he could find one at six o clock in the morning .
she balled her skirts into her fists , lifted them enough to give her boots more freedom , and trotted away , half expecting the guard to snatch her mid-flight and drag her back .
why else would i drag that heavy thing all the way home .
itll help to distract you when the hours drag .
the gardener stared at me , and for a brief moment , i saw a sadness in his eyes that equaled vi 's on days when i could n't drag her away from the window .
you goin ' to drag me off to the rozzers then ? ''
i only asked , not tell you to drag me there .
a couple of times his mom has had to literally drag him away from the table at the end of the session .
the weight seemed to drag me down , and each step was an effort .
oh no , dont you dare drag me into this .
logan black shit runs down from her eyes , and i wipe it away with my thumbs and then drag my hands across my jeans .
i expect his eyes to drag up my leg and then to the rest of me , and my body heats in anticipation of his gaze .
# everyone was either still asleep or already working , noah thought as he drove down the main drag and headed out toward the highway .
i nod , peeking over at summer as becca continues , and if i find out she does know something , ill drag her around the back of the school by her hair and persuade her to keep her mouth shut .
when i drag my creepy stare back up to his face , i notice him examining me , also .
i drag my gaze from the cloudy sky and turn to look at him .
i slowly drag my eyes back up to my mom , wondering what her opinion is on that .
as they waited to turn left off the main drag , something nibbled at the edge of angies mind .
i 'll have to drag you to some wedding events .
maybe if she put her hands up and screamed , john would slap his cuffs on spencer and drag him away .
i found the energy to drag myself to the ladies .
either you talk to me and tell me the truth , or ill drag you in there and let the doctors tell me .
two hours later , when my parents were ready to go home , they had to literally drag me out of jasons room , only quieting my whining when they promised to let me come back the next day .
shes been such a drag ever since you left the ship .
nalinis voice breaks through my trance and i drag in a lungful of air .
thankfully , our argument didnt drag on too much as it had intruded into moms weekly dose of saturday night football .
i drag in a lungful of air and let it out with a big whoosh .
panting heavily , he breaks off only to drag his wet lips down my neck , my stomach and finallyfinallyover the cotton of my panties .
i never wanted to drag anyone into our existence .
it then took the might of half a dozen sasr soldiers to drag them away from their compatriots , to the comparative safety of a prison cell .
if you 're not ready in twenty minutes i will drag you out .
you get up or i 'll drag you out of that bed and throw you in the shower myself !
she was tempted to drag him to her cabinand her bedthough she didnt want the moment ruined by her troubles distracting her , even if she was certain thorsen was more than capable of making her forget them .
after very little sleep , thorsen managed to drag riley out of bedher own , unfortunatelyand were now meeting up with ethan at a diner for a quick breakfast before heading to the lawyers office .
for fucks sake , i know weve had our differences , but you dont want to go down that road , and you sure as hell dont want to drag holt into that sort of relationship and then have to explain it to the board .
the seconds seemed to drag on at an agonizingly slow pace .
i dont know how i can use that information , but i will drag alexander out into the light if i have to .
yeah that , and there is a demon waiting to drag them to hell , i added .
it was light enough for her to carry on her shoulders , but she found it easier to drag it across the grass and sand by its rope .
i steady myself , grab maxs hand and practically drag him out of the kitchen .
this man has the persona of a drag queen , though without the ball gown , tiara , and lipstick .
but something sharp kept pushing up inside me and telling me to fight it , drag myself out of this strange fog .
the boys would cut the trees and drag them to the site .
he was suffering but he didnt let it drag him down to uselessness like me .
randy and amy returned and sat down across from them as josh added , i might be spending the night in jail once i drag the local sheriff out back and beat the crap out of him .
he could feel her trembling in his arms and had to suppress the urge to knock the constable out cold and drag kyrah away .
she took a drag .
sounds like a win-win for both of us , boone snarled again as he stood and prepared himself to drag hopper off the wet ground .
maximilian watched the crewmen at the front of the airship throw down the two 300-foot drag ropes that skimmed along the water .
the drag rope can also tell you where you are at nightif you listen to it .
then he slid the drag rope to the back and sent the airship spiraling skyward , its engine roaring , startling a flock of pigeons who couldnt believe they had competition for the night sky .
she realized that the drag rope had come uncoiled , and that 300 feet of it was snaking along the ground beneath her .
the wind would drag her back into it , raking her across the cutting edge , unless she fought it .
below what was left of the balloon hung the big drag rope .
lewis took a moment and allowed painful memories to come back - scotts presence beside him like a sort of confessor making it bearable to drag them up then spill them out .
she hesitated before deciding to intervene in this one as well , taking a final drag before stabbing the cigarette out with more than half remaining .
i disagree , i feel as though she will only drag me backward and try to make my life more difficult than it already is .
hed been the one to drag me away from my mothers body and held me together while we waited for the police .
intending to drag me inside , he reached out to grab my arm , and i flinched .
even if i was accept back next year ( which was next to impossible ) there was no amount of money in the world that could drag me back to that place .
she took a drag off her cigarette and eyed him with suspicion .
sal watched jesse carefully and took a drag off her cigarette .
the man began to drag gabby towards the back seat of the town car .
shed been waiting to die all morning and nicks hesitance to kill her was starting to drag on her nerves .
then we poured all our vulgar words , which were always an important constituent of our education in different standards , towards the principal.i was decent , as i did not drag his family , most importantly his wife , into this like my friends.we frolicked repeatedly .
and he 'd needed to start at her level instead of trying to drag her along on his .
dont drag me into this !
it took four police officers to drag edwintall , lanky , and wiry-strongoff the lifeless , bloody remains of the man .
anna looked to an invisible force grab them by their ankles and drag them into a dark alley why .
mindy_larsen : she played the part of a drag queen ?
if you do n't , i 'm gon na drag you home by your ear and let you explain to your momma why .
tyrone asked curiously , while taking another drag from the cigarette .
although you are apparently the perfect male specimen , i drag my eyes from his face down to his crotch and back up lewdly , i really would appreciate it if you could keep your hands to yourself .
his response was to show up in the middle of the night and drag me back to our house , all while lecturing me on whats appropriate and whats not .
his pace picks up momentarily as i drag my nails down his back .
sawyer was the last person i shared with and it took him two years to drag it out of me .
without a word i continued to drag her through the hallways of the castle .
i roll out of the pool and drag myself to the locker room .
if he had this girl waiting for him at home , then why on earth did he drag me back here ?
i flinch as they drag me outside , to the garden .
i drag my dress to the door .
i shake him off and drag myself across the floor .
it tore at her dress , trying to drag her flailing body away from the light .
she made a mental note to drag the details of this unbelievable negotiation out of wes later .
along with making it even harder to ignore how much he wanted to ask her drag her , beg her back to his room .
it seemed to drag on forever .
at the back door , she could see the struggle happening between the woman , and the thing attempting to drag her out the door .
she struggled to stay alert against the crushing sensations that were threatening to drag her under .
her nose took in the smell of food , and she did a quick scrub of sleep from her eyes , raking her fingers through her bed head hair before letting the amazing smells drag her to her feet and point her towards the fire not far from where she had slept .
eve watched her trying to drag the man that was more than twice her size to his feet .
every boutique on the main drag of san bernardino was calling her name .
she just had to choose : go and get help , or try and drag abbeys unconscious body to safety .
he got very drunk the first time out and the lion brothers had to literally drag him away from the pub .
she could regain her sight tomorrow , or her blindness could drag on for years .
being a drag queen , so he could feel like a guy underneath it .
she liked to play , bring other guys home , and her favorite was drag queens .
are you a drag queen ?
so if you 're not a drag queen , what do you call yourself ?
this used to be the main drag , but as you can see , most of it has either closed or been torn down .
time seemed to drag .
why drag some innocent from the hills of virginia here ?
although william was a larger man than randall , randall managed to drag the sick man over to a couch , where he laid him .
i backed off to allow them to drag their friend away .
[ laughter ] joy riding , drag racing , tee-peeing neighbors propertiessneaking around during the night , draping toilet paper over trees , shrubs , rooftops , mailboxes , cars experimenting with intoxicants , breaking rules and curfews , pulling pranks , engaging in unsafe and risky behaviors of all kinds occur as common behaviors in almost every culture among immature humans .
these old slaves are like fraggers who believe the good old days of poverty , war , discrimination and addiction are better and want to drag their old ways into and through the transition .
bill loved the effect ; he 'd ordered the crew to drag the frames around in random patterns .
he wanted to kick back in the recliner and drag her into his lap .
we 'll have to drag it ten feet , that is if we manage to rope it . ''
adrenaline lit alex as he watched her drag herself out of the surf .
alex saw jackie drag her arm from under her and inch her hand toward a rock .
i swallow the last of my sweet tea and drag my hand across my mouth .
how are we supposed to drag it home through the woods ?
from the moment i met him , hovering around his fallen companions on that death train tryin to drag them out he stopped speaking while he tried to get his emotions under control .
he wanted to drag them back .
if you keep struggling , ill have to drag you through the car from the passenger seat .
i dont want to drag you honey , no .
if she said no , he would drag her kicking and screaming .
we drag the calves there , and vaccinate , de-horn , and castrate them . ''
with his other hand he took a deep drag and flicked his cigarette out into the stream .
her gaze caught and held his for five heartbeats before he managed to drag his eyes away .
her step seemed to drag as she moved to take her place .
on each trip back , billy challenged samson to drag him faster and faster .
when they had led her away she had gone without a fight , looking back to see them drag angelina away .
is there a word that describes the humiliation of being so tired and weak you dont bother to drag yourself across the floor to urinate and simply lie in your own waste ?
itd be easier to carry her to the car than to drag her thereat least as long as she was drunk and oblivious to all her usual fears .
you didnt drag me , kicking and screaming , into a janitors closet .
im sorry if that sounds harsh , but i dont want to drag this shit out .
kenneth thinks theyll drag her through the mud badly enough that she might never recover .
the third time , i was so pathetically obvious that he found me in the bath before id even had a chance to drag the razor blade down my wrists .
we drag dry clothes onto our wet bodies , and they cling to our skin as we drink beer and eat fish tacos on the sidewalk .
she better not drag reagan into her mess of a life .
the only small bit of drama happened when one of the drag queens in the studio show fell off his heels and broke his ankle .
i was determined to drag it out of her the next time she came to my house .
dora is my best friend , but im not sure if i made the right decision to drag her here with me this time around .
i clench my teeth and drag my feet forward , ignoring my skyrocketing pulse .
i yelled at them , turning mid-sprint to grab onto seans hand and drag him along with me .
chapter thirty-four alice we were all sat around , talking and drinking and having fun , when our parents used a spell to drag us all back .
you dont need this this `` he couldnt say it `` itll just be a weight to drag you down .
why do we have to drag it out ?
i reach out and drag her body toward me , pulling her legs back to the edge of the bed so i can position myself in between them .
i thought it would drag by .
he took another drag and blew out a thin stream of smoke .
i drag my feet to the door and cautiously push it open .
those can be kind of a drag for me but the time spent with you will go down in history as my all-time favorite book signing event !
the flash was enough to drag marcus , at least , from whatever it was that theyd scented in the room .
are you here to drag us back to our cells ?
i will hunt the wolf , and i will drag it kicking and screaming back to our masters trapped beneath the sithin .
he just wanted to drag tom away from her and toss him onto the street , but not for the right reasons .
i grab a chair and drag it over to the cupboard so i can reach a glass .
i slowly drag my sorry ass up the stairs .
my initial thought was that he was going to drag me upstairs , but instead george tows me towards the cellar .
now were going to have to drag him to your truck .
i prepared for his cold hand to drag me to the afterlife .
she would come and drag her back into the fray , until rae felt she was no longer on the outside , that she kind of became part of their family .
i 'm sorry , i want my men to look like men and not watered down drag queens .
he started to drag her toward his house .
why , at my lowest moment , has the universe found a way to drag me down even furtherinto an even deeper pit of despair ?
it occurs to me that i havent heard liam and owen drive away , so i try to be as graceful as possible when i reach down to lift my suitcase , and drag it up the stairs .
i can drag you around on a ten-hour east side tour , if you want .
elizabeth caught a handle of her basket and began to drag it along the grass , pulling down the sheet as she went .
he would fondle her thigh under the dinner table or maybe try to feed her before the alcohol got the better of him and hed right out drag her into his bedroom and have his way with her .
if it means i have to drag up the past and sift through his dirty laundry , then ill do that gladly .
chapter three i woke up the next morning to drag my suitcases down the stairs with a half-asleep peppermint growling at a nearby cat in mr. dennums apartment .
take your drag and get out .
it took them a full day to drag the men back into town .
they would have to drag my cold dead body out of the ring .
if thats the way its going to be okay he couldnt drag his eyes away from her full , sensual lips .
i dont care if you have to drag her by her hair to get her back here !
over time , she gave in to his relentless need to drag her out of her darkest fogs .
would they have to drag him out of the water and pronounce him dead ?
she visualized an overjoyed quentin rushing toward her , arms ready to catch her , eager to drag her into his bed .
you drag me back kicking and screaming and convince me to stay . ''
i need to drag the deusey out and get it in shape for tomorrow .
you may want to move it a little closer to the luggage pile , or i can simple drag all of it over there ; your preference .
its probably better to just rip the band aid off quickly than to drag it out angie .
youre letting him take drag you down a slippery slope , taylor .
jewel ran up to him , gave him a quick hug , then tugged on his arm to drag him back out of the room .
you couldnt drag me back in there .
i dont want to just drag it across the floor .
she vanished into the water , the drag on my real squealing as she went .
`` what the '' i grabbed the handle , thumbed the drag and started reeling .
we figure if things dont work out , it will be bad enough if we get hurt , but we dont want to drag both families into it also .
i mailed back and said no , i couldnt possibly drag my kids halfway across the globe and anyway i havent got the money and he declared that money was nothing more than a psychological phenomenon .
he took a long drag from the tea and drained his glass .
his heart leapt and he fumbled to drag on some trousers .
dardar tipped his hat and watched mary drag the pram backwards as she negotiated the step into the shop .
`` do you think you can drag it to the porch while i maneuver around this rough ground ? ''
he had used brute force to drag the trousers over his expansive behind and had clearly given up trying to wrap it round his torso .
i turned back just in time to see him pull down the handle and drag the door toward him .
the neanderthal looked like he would drag her into his cave right there and ravage her , but he held back , hooked his thumbs into his pants , not caring to cover the telltale bulge , and lasciviously watched lucy 's behind as she walked away .
she tried to remember how to drag the toe of her skate to brake , and in doing so made herself even more insecure .
the wine theyd shared at dinner , the coffee , the rain , the fire , all served to drag her into a swirling , dizzying pool , rendering her light-headed and off balance .
i glanced up from my squatting position where i was packing my bag , to see mia standing over me , hands on hips , looking like an avenging angel in a mid-thigh white summer dress that made me want to drag her down to lose the halo .
`` she did n't want to drag him down and damage his reputation as his career took off . ''
long lit the cigarette and took a slow drag on it without ever taking his eyes off of joran .
why did i drag both of them through this ?
in this case , it is a boat of ours that should be strong enough to drag your ship to shore , '' saber responded .
with allie , with her pink polka dotted toenails , butterfingered determination to drag her life back on track , and her tendency to skip over not just the fine print , but the large print too .
a drag with a loser boyfriend .
if he jumped , i might be able to drag him out before they could pull him back in .
eventually , i had to stop thinking about him as haruki or a person and instead just drag him along like a bag of potatoes .
finally , my fingers catch the edge of my phone and i drag it toward me .
sadie began to cackle , and took a long drag from her cigarette , the tip glowing .
you use your finger to drag the green phone outside of the circle .
sadie took a drag on her cigarette .
carrie blushed , huffed , and grabbed ros arm and began to drag her out of the practice room .
carrie and sadie grabbed ros arms and began to drag her to the exit .
ro allowed the guitarist to drag her to the bathroom and even let him open the door and flick on the light switch .
devon offered casually as he took out a cigarette , lit up , and took a long drag .
devon said in a casual drawling tone as he took a drag from his cigarette .
he took a long drag and hummed happily to himself as nicotine entered his lungs .
she took a long drag from her cigarette to calm her nerves .
lily and sammy began to drag vincent off towards the dining room before carrie could object .
dad probably wants me to give negotiating one last try before we drag in the lawyers .
after a good thirty minutes , i felt hands on my waist drag me under the surface .
chelsea tried to drag her gaze away from him , but couldnt .
part of it was for lucy , but another part this woman had dumped me on a war-torn planet , abandoning me , forcing me to drag myself to adulthood .
ten thrilling minutes later we pull into the parking garage three blocks away from the main drag in georgetown .
it is nearly ten minutes before i am able to drag myself to my feet and contemplate returning to class .
deep mud around my ankles snatches and grasps , trying to drag us both back .
i take a shuddering gasp and drag myself back from the bleak words , willing my hands to be steady as they take the journal again , closing the cover respectfully , as though pulling a sheet over a naked corpse .
the tone sounds and i drag myself to class , thinking furiously of how to trap phillip in a confession when my abilities do n't seem to work on him .
i drag myself backward , trying to get away , and then i see him , i see jake , gripping the back of shockey 's neck and holding him several feet above the floor with no more effort than clutching a basketball .
`` just a gift , i guess , '' i answer , finally allowing the paramedic to drag me to the back of the ambulance where he clucks over my injuries , reminding me that my head has taken one too many knocks in the past few days .
this time , i had to almost drag her out .
i stopped beside alicia , letting my body go limp so cullen had to drag me so he had to stop .
he moved to drag braveheart out but the kitten was slippery .
i did n't know what to say in the face of a silence that threatened to drag on so i babbled .
she did not even try to drag herself up from the ledge she stood on .
they all believe you are too depressed to drag yourself out of bed .
joan approached dante , grabbed his ear unexpectedly , and began to unceremoniously drag him from the girls bathroom .
i drag in twenty on a bad day , fifty on a good one , he offers .
when retribution let go , alan stumbled , still shrieking , and elinor hung on to the collar , falling backward and using her weight to drag retribution with her .
valentina , youre going to your parents house even if i have to drag you there , he declared .
i had a dream mom was swimming and trying to drag a man through the water and then she was crying because he didnt make it .
you think i 'm a disturbed , possibly psychotic kid that 's going to drag your son down . ''
not having a football game made the week drag , but by friday , everyone was starting to get excited about our last gamenot only a chance for an undefeated season , but also homecoming .
he would drag the body either back to his hotel , or find another dark place to finish what he started .
her eyes flashed open as she felt something hard and sharp drag across the skin of her neck .
why the hell did you pretend you were a waiter and drag me into that room ?
why did i let her drag me to a place like this ?
the water soaked into my clothes almost instantly ; the leaden weight of them pulled down with an insistent drag .
`` do n't make me come over there and drag your ass down here , '' blake went on .
both men struggled to their feet fighting ferociously while the pilot fought to maintain control of the aircraft against the drag created by the open cabin door and the increasing wind and rain .
dont make me drag you to someone kicking and screaming .
so , you want a court battle that could drag on for years ?
i drag the desk to the window .
i take johns hand and drag him out of the room .
the two fuckers grab me under the arms and drag me to the door .
confused and tired , i drag myself off my mattress on the floor , rubbing my eyes .
i yank open the door and drag his limp body out , letting it crumple onto the ground .
then he could fire autumn , drag her upstairs , and get her under him .
bailey smiled at him , sweet and guileless , and he tried to remember why he shouldnt drag her away from the other man and find some way to claim her as his own .
if id been alone , i probably would have let him drag me to my room .
id never drag raced before , so i wasnt really sure what to expect .
the case would require hiring an independent investigator and could potentially drag on for several months .
she doesnt want to drag it out , and i have nothing to offer her , to encourage her to stay .
she couldnt drag her gaze from his mouth , so close .
then hed have to drag his broken butt off the ground and then the bikes .
all their efforts did nothing but drag out the dying process , extend the time of suffering .
i should choose a bright pink miniskirt and a cheerful flowery blouse just to rebel against graysons attempt to drag me down into gloom and melancholy .
i jerked my gaze back to her , surprised and ready to drag her out of there the moment he handed me our room key .
he began to literally drag me onto the plane .
she couldnt just drag him on a plane bound for italy without a really good explanation .
unable to drag his eyes away from the sight , he moved towards her .
in my head i kept saying go out there and drag him off the stage !
i wanted to say it was probably my doing , but i didnt want to drag anyone else into the situation .
he is seriously going to drag this out .
dont insult me , forbes he takes another drag of his cigarette and drops the butt on to the floor .
i didnt bring you here to drag you down with me .
still semi-swearing , she adjusted her hold to under his armpits and resumed her drag .
the sun was making good progress above the horizon as captain mcgregor strode ashore , jumping into the water from the prow of the boat , and helping to drag it up onto the sand .
in one swift motion , i drag her to her feet and bend her over the bed .
she took another long drag off her cigarette .
as much as i hate to drag chest 's name through the mud but i do n't have much of a choice .
i wasnt expecting it to be that late , and i was surprised frannie had n't been trying to drag me out of bed .
celeste watched him slowly drag his leg to make his way out of the cottage .
vassago and sitri grabbed the woman and began to drag her out of the church .
becca grabbed tristans arm and began to drag him out of the chocolate shop .
issy said in a teasing tone as she tried to drag him out of his funk .
when i did finally manage to drag myself to the shower , the cold water at the start of a hot day helped wake me up .
nicole , nothing is going to drag me back to that life and away from you again .
anthony is holding on to the remnants of a column with one hand and is grasping my wrist with his other , but as reason returns to me , i see his hand slipping , i am going to drag him into the abyss .
i know what you are thinking , but you did not hide because you are a coward , you hid because you exercised your free will to stay and he had no right to try and rip that from you to drag you down .
the winter did drag though .
now , will you walk , or will i drag you by your hair ?
eli told me , as he took a long drag on his cigarette .
they will gladly use this as an excuse to drag her from your home and stone her in the village square .
illa and grace sat up , illa infuriated and grace terribly frightened , but i told them both to stay back as three guards began to drag janna and me away .
it doesnt make a bit of damn difference to me if we have to drag you before the firing squad stunned and drooling .
olivias battered face flashes through my mind and i decide that if i had a choice , id rather die here in this alley with blythe then let them drag us back to that place .
the woman took a drag of her cigarette a few times before putting it out and throwing it in the bin that she passed .
i drag my duct-taped feet until i 'm standing in front of the far white wall , then reach up as far as i can and spray .
after her reading , she phoned her parents and allowed their conversation to drag on for thirty minutes without a need to end the call .
so you drag me off into a closet and then expect me to trust you ?
her means of doing this was apparently to drag me all over the city until i was so tired that by the end of the day the only thought on my mind would be to crawl back home and collapse into my bed .
`` she used to grab me , drag me and even smack me sometimes if i did something wrong , but she never did anything to this extent , she never attempted to hurt me like she did that day .
* * * the guards moved forward to drag her out .
i drop to my knees and reach for the skin , scraping my forearm as i hurriedly drag it .
she lifted her wrist again to take a drag of her cigarette and when she did , a wind chime that sounded like the rattle of her mothers bangle bracelets startled her .
she felt the tug , felt the pull begin to drag it forth .
a faceless grim reaper , devoid of his razor-sharp sickle , stood armed with a countenance created in hell and waited to claim him and drag him into the fiery depths from which he came .
jesses strength even overcame the drag exerted by the ergo , as he fought to remain in the world .
he watched and waited , his crimson-tipped wings tucked close to his back to avoid catching drag in the wind .
with extreme caution she let herself look forward to her date with matt on saturday , which only made the week drag on unbearably .
he would drag stolen food up a tree , then lean back to be stunned by the different information inherent in each one .
she whimpered when he leaned down to drag his tongue over her nipple .
*** on the back porch , in the darkened chill of night , miles took a long drag on the cigarette , his third of the night , and stared at the blackened water .
he had the distinct feeling it would drag by , one interminable minute after another .
`` you might as well get it over with and tell me now , because you know that sooner or later i 'm going to drag it out of you .
'it smells like that place where they put the bloaters they drag out of the thames ! '
he sinks back into unconsciousness , and i quickly spring to my feet and drag his heavy body towards the bathroom .
how the hell am i supposed to drag him to the elevator ?
i just want to drag lo by the arm and let him do whatever he wants to me in there .
i did n't want to drag him through all of this , and with his usual impassive expression , i ca n't tell if it bothers him that paparazzi have invaded his apartment building .
and i worry about that fifty-percent chance where i 'll drag another guy into a bathroom , where i 'll pretend he 's lo for a single moment to satisfy my hunger .
if i can drag him out of his f**king cave long enough . ''
i heard her take a long drag on her cigarette .
a rush of possessiveness settled over him , and his hands clenched around the china as he fought the urge to howl and drag her away .
brando opened his mouth to protest , but fascination seemed to win as he watched gavin take a long drag .
her grandmother used to drag her away from the city during the summers in an effort to get her away from the riffraff .
or maybe they did n't feel they should drag up the whole ugly affair .
he was quiet for a moment , took a long drag off his cigarette , exhaled slowly .
julian took a last drag on his cigarette , then stabbed it out in a cushion of new snow .
the cantata , while inspirational , had seemed to drag .
these days it was difficult to find the energy to drag herself out of bed .
roy had wanted her to fight , had urged her to drag his father back into court and make him pay .
i covered my face with my hands , trying to drag air into my too-tight lungs .
i drag myself down the hall to use the bathroom .
last week we learned about the importance of eating locally grown food , and before that , how to write a college application essay.who knows what they 'll drag out today ?
afterward , we wander into a drag shop to try on wigs .
i drag myself downstairs .
as far as places to be on october thirty-first , a crowd of drag queens ca n't be beat .
because all he wanted to do in that moment was drag her hard into his arms and kiss her until neither one of them could breathe .
she really is , and if you 're still this serious about her in a year or two , i 'll drag you down the aisle myself .
the answer to his problem became clear : to win isabella 's hand in marriage , he would have to ignore the elemental urge to knock all obstacles aside and drag her away with him like a savage .
however , if you think it would be better for me to drag her through the ballroom instead , then- '' `` down that corridor and to your left , '' the butler said , looking slightly flustered .
that he does n't want to be a drag on me , he does n't want me to have to support him ...
every night , when mitch comes home , i drag him into excruciatingly deep conversations-usually about whether we should try to get pregnant again and what it means to be a parent and whether it really is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
`` first i 'm not your type , and now you want to drag me back there ? ''
much to jack 's amusement , annalise did her best to drag the evening out .
she had several things to drag out to the car and was feeling flustered , since she 'd overslept and was officially running late .
she was grateful drew had thought to drag them to privacy because she had n't been thinking of anything but her body 's intense need .
since drew was n't able to drag her away , he pulled her back onto the dance floor and continued with the foreplay .
you can either walk out of here with us , or we will get the guys to come and drag you out but you 're going out for a day of much needed pampering , '' trinity said .
he was certainly in no mood to be at a party and he was sure he would n't be able to drag nicole away .
`` well , that goes both ways , you arrogant jerk , '' `` i guess then i 'll have to drag you away from this job you have .
he would certainly drag her out of a strip club too and he 'd look forward to the fight .
she just had to get away from her dad , get away with his permission so he would n't drag her back .
`` you 've just made me want to drag my husband off for some alone time , '' she added with a wink , causing a becoming shade of red to infuse sierra 's cheeks .
i thought i was going to have to drag you here , sierra , '' bree said with exasperation .
magnus opened his eyes and saw brilliant light , felt hot air drag across his skin like a knife scraping across burned bread .
someday the great dark one will come and drag you down and down , with usssss ... '' his sibilant voice trailed off into a shriek as every candle flame streaked higher and higher , until they licked the ceiling .
`` then we 'll drag him out of here with us .
the pause that followed seemed to drag forever , and i glanced up to see what was taking so long .
not in a romantic sort of way ; in a `` hit her over the head , drag her off by the hair , and fuck her '' way .
need coiled low in my stomach and i was torn between wanting to smash something and wanting to drag her back into her bedroom and peel those jeans down her legs .
`` you guys need this , and if you can make it work , well , you should throw some skimpy clothes in a bag and drag that man to france . ''
i hired my other best friend a drag queen , bennett . ''
i added my fingers , sliding them lower to where she was wettest and sweetest , and the heavy drag of my touch as i pushed two fingers into her caused her to fall back , reach blindly for the headboard .
bella nibbles on her bottom lip , and i so want to drag it from between her teeth with my own , but instead take a sip of my coffee .
so i grab her around the waist and drag her off the couch and towards the kitchen table .
sadly i do n't get a chance to drag her onto the dance floor before we have to face reality and meet the others as bella is like a blood hound when it comes to hunting down jazz .
her words hit me like a freight train , and i need a few seconds to drag my mind out of the gutter and her panties .
edward , come back , we 're having this conversation now and - '' the rest of her sentence is cut off when i close the door behind me , maybe a little too forcefully , and drag my sorry ass down into the living room .
my recent talk with beth told me plainly that she 'll sooner or later drag everything out of me , and while non-judgmental in so many things , beth would n't understand why i ca n't talk about some things .
beth eases up on her first and lets go , but only so i can step back and drag bella across the room , nearly making her lose her balance in turn .
apparently i do n't have a say in this so i nod , still perplexed about bella 's reaction but let her drag me away into one of the more secluded waiting areas .
bella complies but looks more uncomfortable already when i drag both ropes around the tree and tie them together there .
a strong cup of coffee and some real food later i drag my sorry carcass upstairs into the bed , not surprised that bella stays up .
but it makes me feel better , simply because i can justify wanting to stop jumping at my own shadow whenever he 's around just because i expect him to drag the next blood-thirsty killer rabbit that 's out to get me out of his imaginary hat . ''
i do n't think he 's going to come out on his own any time soon , and i do n't think it will help your cause much if we have to drag him out kicking and screaming . ''
and it just keeps getting worse by the minute , until finally i 've reached a point where i just ca n't let it drag on anymore .
and you heard my mom , she 'll probably tell everyone that she ordered bella and me to drag you along , so i think we should be safe . ''
`` you mean because according to the drama you helped drag out last summer i 'm a cheater , too ?
the reason i asked is because if you ever intend to play with someone who 's not as much of a masochist as me , i 'd have to drag you into the playroom now and show you , first hand , just how much what you did to me hurt .
`` for a while i was hoping that bella would drag him out of it , but for once she did n't act like she had to save him from me .
while she takes her time with that i switch my grip on her tit , and when i pinch her nipple hard , her cry seems to drag her out of her indecision .
both fathers looked in our direction as henry continued , `` i was worried you two would n't show up and i 'd have to drag you nak*d from your hotel room . ''
`` it 's funny that you think you could drag me anywhere , '' i told him .
will 's cab came to a screeching halt just behind us and we split up , each of us moving in opposite directions , sprinting and dodging through traffic to scoop up the dresses one by one and drag them back to the side of the road .
i groaned , feeling the heavy drag of him sliding inside me ; the pleasure was amplified by the way his eyes seemed to caress my skin .
but when i drag my tongue over his teeth , and he jerks forward , sharp and unexpected , i hear my own tight gasp , and it unleashes something in him .
* * * gabriel my cigarette burns red in the dark as i take a nice long drag .
i grab her hand and practically drag her toward the street , hailing a taxi .
self-consciously , i drag my teeth across my bottom lip .
i want to drag it out , to prolong this exquisite agony of waiting for it .
i duck my head closer to the ground as i drag myself by my elbows .
`` but then i realized that it 's not fair to drag you into my toxic life .
he put a stupid cigarette to his lips and took a long drag then shrugged , `` since you ran off with jess . ''
after our last meeting , you would have to drag me there kicking and screaming .
i drag my swimming eyes open and meet a straight , expressionless face .
tilting my hips up on a thrust , i moan as he fills me to my absolute limit , the feel of his rhythmic , meticulous tempo having me wanting to squeeze my eyes shut , but i ca n't drag them away from his .
my teeth clamp down lightly on his bottom lip and i pull back to let it slowly drag through my grip , his eyes locked on mine as i continue to work his hand up and down in a slow , steady caress .
i drag myself up and sit astride of him , planting my hands on his slick chest and gently grinding myself on his hips .
okay , i 've got to be quick or he 'll be waking soon to drag me around the streets of london on one of his torturous marathons .
i give jesse a chaste kiss on the cheek and leave him watching me , his bottom lip getting a grueling chew as i drag myself from his car .
i drag my keys from my bag and find my car key missing .
i drag my eyes away from his carnal stare and flex my grip on his throbbing cock .
'i 'm sorry if i ca n't get excited about attending a party where every time someone looks at me or speaks to me , i 'll be thinking they might want to drag me upstairs and fuck me . '
i could , quite easily , drag him upstairs to one of the private suites and let him eat me alive .
jesse 's increased pressure around my hand confirms it too , but i ca n't drag my eyes away .
i drag myself up and across the room , collapsing onto the bed and finding my way to the place that smells the most of him .
i drag my eyes away from my pitiful wounds on a scowl and look at jesse , who is displaying a similar expression to mine , but probably fiercer .
he 's completely naked and hard as steel , and my eyes are thrilled as i drag my stare down the full length of him .
i drag away the soft , nude sticky gloss/cum .
all she could do was drag it along behind her .
`` smitty told me to drag your sorry ass out of here-his words .
he takes another drag and resumes his posture of leaning on the railing , staring down at the swirls of color and noise at street level .
he nods , holding the cigarette to the tiny flame and taking a drag , turning towards the street to exhale .
taking a drag , he stores the pack and lighter away , leans back , exhales above our heads .
he starts to run a hand through his hair again and stops abruptly , yanking his hand down and taking a last long drag , like his nicotine cravings know that he and cigarettes are about to go their separate ways , and they want to stock up .
i drag the tips of my fingers over hers as i hand it to her .
he takes a drag from his cigarette and i think he 's going to comply .
he looked like he could , and would , drag me to the nearest bathroom and f**k me in a toilet stall .
for a moment all i could think was how badly i wanted to drag him back to my apartment and rip his clothes off , let him make me happy .
he almost followed them down so he could drag her back up to the offices .
my father usually has to drag me home , '' he said with a chuckle .
emily quickly got him ready for bed and then barely managed to drag herself to her room .
he normally just took whatever he wanted , when he wanted it , but his family would skin him alive if he tried to drag her from the room and it was n't worth the fight , so he dealt with his frustration and even found himself having a good time as the evening progressed .
he wanted to follow her , drag her back , and make sure she had no other man on her mind other than him .
bree finally managed to drag in a lungful of air and opened her mouth wide to let out a scream .
`` i thought the plan was to drag her back , even if she was kicking and screaming , '' charlie protested .
she stayed in long enough that she knew chad would be getting worried , but she could n't seem to drag herself out .
he had no choice but to let her , but what he wanted was to drag her home with him .
she 'd just drag out the information she wanted , anyway , so kinsey may as well get it over with .
if you do n't like the atmosphere , you know where the door is , '' she said pleasantly as she took another drag .
there was no need to drag this out , so she plastered a fake smile on her face .
if i had the energy that i used to , '' bertha stanther said , `` i 'd drag you up to my nice big suite with me .
asher did n't want to tell his wife about his infidelity and i did n't want to tell asher that i wanted him to strip me down , drag me to the shower , and have slippery wet , soapy sex with me , so it seemed we were on even ground .
andwhen maggie was able to drag her eyes from hisface , she saw that his body had re-formed into ashapeless , hulking lump .
she had meant for him to have to stand up to untie the end attached to the post , but instead he untied the end in the boat and tossed it over the side where it would drag in the water .
because if you did ever try to run away again , i would have to hunt you down , drag you back , and chain you to our bed . ''
the kid 's ghost was supposed to be there , too , lurking under the water , just waiting to grab another kid 's ankle and drag him down to the bottom so he 'd have somebody to hang out with .
it was n't fair to drag it out .
`` you could drag him into the sunlight .
her hand shook as she lit a cigarette ; she leaned against the building and took a deep drag , hoping the nicotine would calm her .
taking a long drag , she savored the immediate soothing effect and exhaled , tilting her head upward .
all i ask is that you not try to drag me into this reunion . ''
after three years during which her father had given her practically free rein , being accountable to her grandmother was a drag .
it 's bad enough to lose the house , but i do n't want to drag my family through the humiliation of being evicted . ''
she watched troy grab chrissie around the waist , then drag her to his side as if staking claim to her sleek , young body .
each minute seemed to drag interminably .
i could n't drag innocent people into this mess . ''
`` in fact , you ca n't wait to drag me into your bed and have your way with me . ''
she hoped to become better acquainted with ellen , although it seemed she had to drag every morsel of information from the child .
standing in the alley behind the cafe , alix lit her cigarette and took a long drag .
`` i bet his arms are really long and drag on the ground . ''
`` did one of you drag it off ? ''
i did n't think it was wise to drag her name into every conversation .
but do n't drag annie and my mother into it . ''
after hanging up , she lit a new cigarette off the stub of her old one and took a deep drag , letting the smoke blow out of her nose on a sigh of contentment .
she took another drag on her cigarette , blew the smoke out the corner of her mouth in a stream that shot away from me for a change .
when i could n't drag myself any farther , i crawled out of the water and sat on the bank , trailing my toes along the surface .
`` i do n't want the dog , risa , '' he began , but fell silent when she took his hand in hers and began to drag him across the living room to the french doors at the far end of the room .
surprised , beth ann allowed jeanette williamson to drag her toward the ladies ' room .
`` you want me to drag all my clients for impromptu haircuts ? ''
so act as if you love me , honey , because otherwise there 's no point in having you out here and i 'll drag you back to the suite .
jenner was wearing someone else 's pants , which were held up with an oversize belt and rolled up at the cuff so they would n't drag on the ground , and an oversized coast guard t-shirt .
his phone began to vibrate in his other pocket , and he took a moment to take a drag of his cigarette before he pulled his cell out and flipped it open .
`` you 're being a real drag . ''
maybe she 'd noticed that he was emotionally spent himself , but he did n't plan to drag eric into the conversation .
he had his own list of sins that his wife had committed , but unless she made it impossible , he was taking the higher road and refused to drag her faults into a courtroom .
it had n't been part of her plan , but she did n't want to drag this through the courts , either .
they 'd let their quarrel drag on weeks longer than it should have .
`` why , so you can drag my self-esteem through the gutter again ?
the truth was , he 'd had to drag himself out of bed that morning .
`` jack 's still at work , and i know if i do n't literally drag him out of that office , he 'll be there half the night . ''
i do n't want to drag this out .
`` i could n't drag you into this , '' anson said , turning to allison .
they 'll exploit their rights as tenants and drag everything out until the bitter end . ''
no matter if it is a nasty breakup or bad job interview , or anything in between , do n't let those things drag you down .
carrying coal and hot water , dusting , polishing , cleaning up after you and the others-and i do n't mind or complain , but how dare you make extra work for me , make me drag heavy trays up and down the stairs , just to bring you something you did n't even want ? ''
putting her hands under charlotte 's arms , she began to drag her toward the wall , away from the center of the room , where the automaton was spinning and spitting sparks , reaching up with its pincered hands to claw at jem and will .
trying to drag his gaze from hers , gavin looked down at his cards .
it was emily 's turn to drag her lip through her teeth as her eyes bore into his with pure unadulterated lust .
gavin shifted uncomfortably in his chair , trying to drag his eyes away from emily as she exited the restaurant .
put the lipstick away or else i 'll drag you right back in that room and really change your fucking mind . ''
`` he does n't drag me down , daddy . ''
max wilder could drag himself back off to italy or greece or wherever the hell it was he ditched her .
`` it 's late and i hate to drag everybody out tonight for a family meeting .
the last thing she wanted was to drag her future mother-in-law to a tattoo parlor if the idea horrified her .
seth , michael , and dillon usually had to drag it out of her .
it could drag on for some time , but i 'll do the best i can to make sure we get a rapid trial date . ''
`` if you had n't , i was prepared to go and drag you out of your apartment . ''
well , he 'd watched a couple of episodes of the flying nun when he was a kid , but all that had told him was that when lift and thrust exceeded drag , flight was achieved .
if not , then drag them down and sleep on them . ''
i continued when he did nothing but take another drag .
he glanced over his shoulder as he took another drag .
i needed to drag the beast into the cage , then call frank .
nearby , he saw the tall officer who had saved his life and helped him to drag malcolm stubbs to safety , limping back toward his troops .
last night my ex-a**hole-boyfriend showed up and tried to drag me away .
i drop to the ground with the intention of making him drag me .
i let him drag me to his van this time .
having dean and sam drag me home is unthinkable .
he was dying to get to kim and he 'd have to wander al over chicago first to be sure he did n't drag a tail with him .
to reach into his anger and frustration and despair and somehow drag answers out of it .
`` there are n't any drag marks .
bonnie 's head jerked up ; she wanted to grab him and drag him back .
jade stopped resisting and lethim drag her in close-and then smoothly detached one arm from his grip and slammed her hand upward .
his goons would either shoot her on the spot or drag her off to be disposed of at their leisure .
he was on the main drag , which had two traffic lights back in the business district , such as it was , but the rest of the way the stop signs were all on the intersecting streets .
after a quick stop for me to drag out my tote bag , which dave then carried for me , he led me back to the admin building .
i used to drag him out to every jazz club in a fifty-mile radius of the city .
when she turned away from him , he struggled to drag himself back to his senses .
i felt the leaking tip of his c*ck drag down the crease of my ass , guided by his hand , and then he was sliding inside me , filling me , pushing deep .
it was one thing to turn her own life upside down , but to drag a kid along with her ?
`` you really think grant will be able to drag him back if he does n't want to come ? ''
franticaly , he tried to drag her back into consciousness , squeezing her hand while he rocked her in his lap .
you 're going to go home and apologize to her if i have to drag you there myself . ''
a second later , her body fell away and she could n't drag in enough air to fill her lungs , much less scream .
by the fifth drag of the razor , she muttered , `` i am a regular 'enry 'iggins . ''
think about it - the high point of our day is when they drag by victims . ''
`` he said 't was not his problem and that he would deny it was his if she tried to drag him into her shame .
when his weight began to drag cullen forward , evelinde scrambled onto his legs , adding her weight to his own to anchor them .
hot-faced and utterly reluctant , i drag my gaze back to gram 's side of the courtroom .
shaking my head stubbornly , i drag in a deep inhale through my nose .
commanding slowly , i drag my eyes back up .
i 'm suddenly aware that i 'm quietly playing that eighties song , and i drag my fingers from the keys .
i 'm so spellbound that it takes me a moment to realize that at certain lines of the song , lucas 's eyes drag to the far left of the stage , seeking me out .
i laugh , in spite of the tears , and drag the backs of my hands across my face .
she grunted with the strain ; even with her entire weight thrown into the effort , it was all she could do to drag him a few feet .
the incline was n't steep , and she normally walked it easily , but it might as well have been vertical for the effort it took her to drag a two-hundred-pound man up it .
my mom 's in the bathroom so i drag a chair to the old computer and start entering orders online .
i grab hold of his arm and drag him out the door .
i drag my eyes away from xander and on to lucas .
this group 'll just drag you down . ''
why did he have to drag me out here ?
his poor mother lifted her skirt so it did n't drag on the ground and quickly said to brigida , `` why do n't i get your room ready , great-aunt ? ''
do n't let anything else drag you down . ''
for a brief moment she worried it might drag her across the room .
briec snorted and walked away , reaching back to grab gwenvael 's wounded tail and drag the cheeky little bastard , yelling and threatening and still bleeding , from the room .
instead , she went limp and allowed the man holding her to drag her into the nearby alley .
if he 'd just taken me flying when i asked him too , i never would have grabbed on to his tail which led him to drag me through the trees trying to get me off . ''
she looked away and let gwenvael drag her through the now-quiet streets .
she tried to drag herself out from under him , but he would n't budge , making sure all his weight stayed on her back .
then she daintily lifted the hem of her skirt so it did n't drag on the ground , and left them all standing there , gazing after her .
`` i was actually being sarcas- '' `` because i 'd hate to drag you back there by your hair . ''
until she saw the look on athol 's face as he coldly watched delaval try to drag her back inside .
she caught his hand and tried to drag him with her .
eibhear heard something scrape the floor , and he lifted his head , watching keita drag a big chair over to him .
vigholf grinned , watching the three females drag six of the bodies away .
after a particularly rousing battle , a cadwaladr female might simply grab the tail of some unsuspecting northland male and drag him off to a quiet alcove somewhere .
annwyl says- '' fearghus faced his cousin , ignoring the iron at his feet trying to drag himself off without legs .
`` to drag you lot off the floor of a pub .
relief and disappointment warred inside her as she started to drag herself away .
izzy followed the dog down the steps , lifting the skirt of her gown so that it did n't drag on the ground .
she 'd better damn well stop flirting with blake or he 'd drag her away and send her packing back to napa valley .
the temptation to drag her tongue across the tiny brown bumps drove her to bolt through the french door and race for her clothes .
if she did n't come down on her own in the next thirty seconds , he fully intended to go up after her-and drag her to dinner , if he had to .
`` if i had any brains i 'd drag it out a little bit . ''
i leaned against the passenger door , waiting for charlie to drag himself away from the impromptu party .
`` it 's damn near impossible to drag this woman away from her work .
mira took his arm in both her hands as though she were prepared to drag him away from the confrontation with la notte 's owner .
`` i suppose you did n't drag me there all the time , making me sit in the little er waiting room thinking you were dead ? ''
i began kicking and fighting but she continued to drag me out into the gulf with little effort .
immediately after crossing the finish line , i 'd taken all of two f**king seconds to snatch off tate 's and my seatbelts and drag her into my lap for a kiss .
`` let 's go , '' lexie said , grabbing my hand and trying to drag me back out the door .
tate took a drag off his cigarette and stared up at my dorm .
he tried to get me to run with him , but i knew he 'd leave me in the dust and i did n't want to drag down his pace .
i 'd rather not drag his ass all the way across campus . ''
`` you are going to the hospital if i have to drag you there myself , katherine ann . ''
there was no way i was going to win that battle so i let her drag me to the living room .
he might not drag you behind a bush , but conversation is a starting point , right ? ''
they all stood clustered near the windows , taking one last drag of a cigarette here , repositioning the extra-large safety pins on their t-shirts there .
she was still trying to slow her breath down from her run-in with cam and daniel when penn barged into her room to drag her back out the door .
no one asked you to drag me out here with you . ''
`` they could n't drag me away . ''
they 'd reached the place where they would have to part , and daniel practically had to drag her out of the water .
`` and you 're not strong enough to drag the bookcase over , '' miles said .
arriane wrenched away , feeling tess 's fingers drag against her skin .
if i did n't drag you along behind me , you 'd never get anywhere . ''
without another cheerleader in the room to give her a boost , olivia had to drag her chair over to reach the top shelf .
sam hit the gas to get out of there before reese could make good on his threat to drag nick into whatever nightmare he had planned for her .
ben said , taking another long drag .
he pulled and it stretched , and as i ducked my head there was just enough give in the fabric to drag it over my hair and off .
with every brush of his hands , every thrust of his tongue , every drag of that rough , hot flesh against my silky walls , i felt myself lift higher and higher .
for us , the thirty minutes seemed to drag on forever .
`` how do you drag him away from it ? ''
i 'll drag you there if i have to .
tex said something that had kyle and galloway laughing , but he could n't drag his eyes away .
feeling like her head was splitting open , she barely managed to tidy up the broken glass and drag herself to bed .
tully wiped her eyes and took another drag on her cigarette .
kate took a tiny drag , coughed hard , and said , `` do you think about it a lot ? ''
`` that 's the f**king tragedy of it , '' her mother said , taking a long drag on the cigarette and blowing smoke out a few seconds later .
in no time at all , the authorities would find her and drag her back to her lovely new family , full of displaced teens and the people paid to house them .
her mother took a drag of her cigarette and exhaled slowly , watching her through heavily lidded eyes .
she took the joint and put it in her mouth , taking a long , deep drag , holding it , and blowing it out .
when the twins drag their grandparents back up the stairs for some `` sick xbox game , '' johnny and i are left alone again .
she took a drag of her lucky strike in its holder and exhaled .
my dad smoked through the whole meal-alternating a drag of his cigarette with a reach of the fork .
do you really think i 'd drag you out of bed so you could cook ?
you had better drag your mangled body in here with enough time to be in my office when i tell you to be in my office .
he lit it , taking a drag as he stared at his father .
`` i love you , son , '' he said quietly , taking a drag from his cigarette .
he struggled to function on his own , and the last thing he wanted to do was drag her down with him .
candice usually had to drag me to games and was always getting on me about my lack of enthusiasm for sports .
i would n't put it past alec to try to drag her out , so i head off in the opposite direction as the boat .
i drag my ass out of bed to do some grocery shopping this morning .
*** i drag my sorry ass out of my car with a bag full of candy .
i puff out an annoyed breath , take his hand and drag him upstairs right past the booth of our friends ' questioning glances , through the door behind the vip bar , and all the way down to the conference room .
*** we get home from a long night of celebration and i drag my ass through the door of ash 's apartment .
i did n't want to look anymore , but i seemed unable to drag my eyes away from the scene before me .
he brought a cigarette up to his mouth , took a long drag , and then dropped it to the floor .
i was just in time to see mason drag eddie over the threshold , out into the safety of the light .
across the room , jack screamed and lost his grip on kevin 's throat long enough for him to drag in a few , ragged breaths .
if you cross the line with me , i 'll drag you to the dean 's office so quickly your head will spin .
i 'm shocked that you would drag my client in here without the courtesy of even attempting to speak to the other person involved .
he shifted uncomfortably but could n't drag his gaze away from her .
he had to drag his eyes away from her as he adjusted himself once more for good measure , suddenly feeling dirty and more than a little ashamed of the reaction she was eliciting from him .
her eyes came to rest on his full lips , noticing the curve and fullness of the lower one before she was able to drag her gaze reluctantly to look at his bruises .
and maybe drag her to the exit or something .
`` well , clearly you are n't , mr. mitchell , or i would n't have had to drag that animal out of your house before he raped your daughter in her own f**king bedroom . ''
she had the power to drag his mind into his body and keep it there , unable to think or worry .
but professor pearson did n't accept excuses from his teaching assistants , which meant he needed to drag himself to campus .
he was going to find her , drag her back here ... with his hand on the door , he stopped .
figuring it was one of his brothers trying to drag him out for new year 's and ignoring the rush of excitement at the thought it might be bridget , he answered the door .
my buddy that had insisted i drag her to shore , only to mock me once i 'd saved her ass ?
i retorted , but lana linked her arm in mine and began to drag me back to camp .
dean was sweating too , but leaning against his body and letting him carry me just let my wicked imagination run away with itself , to the point that i was ready to drag him behind the nearest tree and have my way with him .
he groaned again , and he tugged at my hair , trying to drag me away from his cock .
it took both of us to drag it over to the litter , and i grabbed the front , liam with the back .
lenore was partnered with mickey , so unless mickey was an incredible athlete , lenore was going to drag that team down .
he took another drag on his cigarette .
i made a small sigh of pleasure in my throat and reached for brodie , trying to drag him up my body .
it came a moment later , in an intense , shuddering flash , and i cried out , clinging to brodie as he worked me higher and higher into my orgasm , his fingers slamming into my flesh to drag out the pleasure .
st. john worked quickly and efficiently at binding his damaged shoulder while marcus watched the pirate 's lackeys drag the proliferation of bodies away with frightening nonchalance .
she cried , mortified , the cascade of her hair pouring over her face to nearly drag along the forest floor .
`` i shall search for him myself and drag you along with me , since you are to be my nursemaid . ''
`` i am relieved we have found her and that she was of sound mind enough to drag tim along with her , but there are still the matters of montoya and ware to address . ''
`` you drag me into your mire with a smile . ''
`` eddie asked me to come and watch him play basketball this afternoon with mr. adams , and i had to drag katie along because she wanted to come to the park , too .
just do n't drag this out , abby .
she took a deep drag from the cigarette , crushing the latest on top of the still-smoldering butt of the previous cigarette .
the only problem was , riding -- or driving -- drag was the dustiest place to be .
you can come willingly , or i can come over there and personally drag you out of bed . ''
donovan liked to drag shit out for maximum effect .
i had n't noticed him hanging around earlier , but the newspaper office had a lovely view of the entire main drag .
`` you think we 'd drag them across the country and back again ?
he quickly obeys , and i grab the tickets and drag daisy behind me .
i drag the predator down the alleyway .
with my phone and nick to text , a night at work never seems to drag .
i drag my gaze from the bedroom door to the big , scary blond man seated across from me .
yury takes a drag on his cigarette and gives the newcomer a thin smile .
i drag him down the hall and into the suite .
i grind down harder and drag my mouth and tongue over her collarbone .
she had to drag her bad foot .
why would i drag it out and then finally choose abigail ? ''
`` nathan , you better not drag your feet .
someone had stepped outside for a drag or two .
smooth pale skin flashed between the open buttons of his shirt as he shifted in my direction and offered me a drag .
`` why would they drag their kills here ?
knowing all that might drag a new power out of you , a frantic burst of strength , like an unconscious scream pulled from the depths of yourself .
`` everyone saw me drag you in here .
i asked him , letting my nails drag lightly up and down his chest .
finally , i managed to drag myself up off the sofa and over to my studio , in the spare bedroom .
he took another drag from his e-cigarette .
do n't drag me into your drama , '' she said .
kerry the avowed left-winger who decided to protest the iraq war by getting a bunch of guys to dress up in drag and go down to the local army recruiting office to enlist .
because stavros and euphemia may have been on to something about mia having some fancy-pants boyfriend-one that she does n't drag into greek diners .
she snaps out of her hysteria and between the two of us , we drag the man out of the car and onto the sandy pavement .
i drag my bathroom trashcan next to her , just in case , and then sit in a chair and watch her for a bit .
i drag my fingers up to her neck , holding her chin as i bring my lips to hers .
i ask her as i drag her to the bed and onto my lap .
her eyes went wide with fear and her entire body trembled as he let his fangs drag across her skin .
he started to drag mairin from the table when alaric called out .
you will live or , so help me , i 'll follow you to hell and drag you back kicking and screaming the entire way . ''
`` what , you 're not going to tie my hands together , or drag me down the hallway by my wrist ?
if i have to drag her across the ground alone and through a hailstorm of bullets , that 's what i 'll do .
i want to linger as long as possible , drag it out so that maybe he 'll change his mind or at least tell me what this is all about , but he wastes no more time .
i pull costa 's unconscious body out of the backseat and drag his dead weight across the concrete floor with the back of his shirt wound tightly in my fist .
i drag melanie out of bed and shove her under the hotel 's weak excuse for a shower .
i grip the armrests , my nails digging in as if this were that first endlessly steep incline up one of those lunch-losing roller coasters that melanie loves to drag me on .
if i had just been willing to go with her , to drag her into counseling she might have gone .
the day had seemed to drag on endlessly , no doubt due to the strange night she 'd had .
a homeless person recoiled from him as he cut across the road and hobbled toward the main drag .
`` you could not justgoawayas i asked ; you had to take charge and drag me alongwithyou . ''
she caught movement out of the cornerof her eye , andturned backin time tosee alvarezcatch helen by the arm and drag her againsthis chest .
c'mon , now , you 're going to make an honest woman of me if i have to drag you kicking and screaming to the altar .
she longed to take ruby by the arm and drag her toward the beckoning doors of the big-box retailer .
her eyes darkened a little , and he had the urge to stand up and drag her into the seat .
cissy took a drag on her cigarette .
in addition to the beauty salon and the kountry kitchen , the main drag sported a hardware store , a small post office , and a little shop called a good yarn .
the last chance police department-all two of them-were busy this morning , directing traffic , patrolling the main drag , and keeping everything safe .
if she fought this thing , they would drag dash 's reputation through the mud and back .
i 'll drag her out if i have to . '
what it was time for was someone -- say , like , a parent -- to come and drag her off and punish her for punching guests .
`` i think i 'll save you two for last and drag out your suffering . '
`` and so , we drag them along . '
left unchecked , he 'll drag us into war over something completely stupid like shafling someone 's daughter and wife , probably at the same time .
`` i set the alarm to notify me whenever he sends his goons out to drag me home . ''
but i keep seeing this as that one second when they handcuffed my mother to drag her away .
in response to those photos , the resistance is sending out e-mails , saying that if you 're not released into their custody within a week , they 're going to bomb the palace , drag darling out and set fire to him on the steps of the cds building .
do not drag your feet . ''
i drag myself out of bed , shower , and get dressed .
if she kept looking at him like that he was going to throw politeness to the wind and drag her off to a hotel tonight .
jeremy said , `` make it convincing or jeisa will hunt me down and drag me to dinner .
in the past he would have let her drag him into whatever crazy scheme she was hatching-one to combat a crisis that , chances were , did n't actually exist .
but there was something about alethea that made him want to pound his chest and drag her off to the nearest cave-an urge that was only stronger now that he sensed a part of her wanted him to do just that .
i want to drag all of you wedding dress shopping , cake tasting , make you listen to a slew of possible bands . ''
and then she lit a cigarette and sucked on it so hard for so long that i thought the entire thing might burn off in one drag .
the colonel lit the cigarette with a lighter i 'd paid for and took a drag .
he had n't troubled jamie then and obviously did n't mean to drag him back to the house now ; he 'd only been sent to watch .
if you want me gone from hunters , you 'll have to drag me out , kicking and screaming . ''
but if he did n't go to the full moon , he knew violet would just drag him someplace else .
she grabbed his arm and made to drag him off the edge .
fortunately , by his side , a male stood tight upon him , rather like a leash with stout legs : if her twin were to lunge for it , that male with the dark hair was obviously poised to encompass vishous bodily and drag him from the room .
he wanted to unfasten her pants and drag them down , then bare his own loins and drive into her , hard and fast , just as he 'd told her .
joy exploded inside my heart even as devastation reached up to drag it back down into the pit of my self-created hell .
christiana found her hand suddenly caught up in his as dicky began to drag her up the hal , `` show my wife 's sisters to the parlor , haversham .
lisa beamed and caught richard 's hand to drag him after her , saying , `` i knew it could not have been al pretense when you were courting christiana .
besides , it seemed ridiculous to drag the maids , the chests , and al three carriages back to london when they would just have to make the return journey in a couple of days ' time for suzette and daniel to marry .
then they merely had to wait for lord madison to come to town again , drug and drag him to the gaming hel for a third time and force lady lisa into marriage as wel .
julie gasps as i drag her behind me .
'he 's in living drag ! '
rule acts like an ass making things with mom and dad impossible so you decided to play peacemaker and drag him home every weekend .
i was ashamed that she knew i had been trying to use her body to escape , to take something that was so different with her and on such another level and drag it down to where every other sexual encounter had begun and ended .
but the show , the intensity , and the undeniable vibe of power he was unleashing with just his voice-there was just something about it that drove me to drag shaw to the front of the stage .
when he caught my hand , all that did was drag him forward , so that we were both suspended in air for a split second .
i sighed and let her drag me into the house .
i could see it filling her , could feel her inner muscles flutter and drag against me , but it was her eyes-those eyes i wanted to drink in over and over again-that pushed me over the edge .
cora wo n't let you drag groupies home regardless of that fact that it was ayd who called it quits .
being on tour , no matter where in the world it was , got to be a drag after a while .
her taste invaded his mouth , and her hands frantically rubbed up and down his back in an invitation to drag her to the car and take her right there , and for a little while he 'd be clear of his frustration and longing for someone else .
even worse , he 'd had a big enough ego to drag the kid from new york all the way to italy to show him the business .
she ached to drag him close and feel that delicious mouth move over hers .
good , they 'd salvage the evening , and he 'd be able to drag julietta out early so he could show her the many ways her outfit could be used for bondage purposes .
i 'll use my last dying breath to drag your past into the open .
trying to drag you from the dismal depths of depression is important . ''
soon , dawn would break over the horizon and drag her back to reality .
she fought the impulse to lean in and drag in a breath of his scent-a mixture of soap , coffee , and a hint of musk .
she loved to drag her canvas out by the pool and paint .
how much she 'd loved the feel of him deep inside her , the delicious draw and drag between their joined bodies , the slip of his tongue along the base of her throat .
jeb looked directly at garrett and took another drag on his cigarette .
he ignored it , wondering if it might be reichen looking to drag him into a few hours of sin back in the city .
as one of the breed - a hybrid race of humans bearing vampiric , alien genes - he could drag himself into the sunlight and let the uv rays devour him .
but do n't think i 'm going to drag anyone else into this . ''
perspiration immediately beaded on her skin , and she felt dizzy , unable to drag in enough oxygen to satisfy her need .
she crawled up in the truck and leaned far over to drag the pack out from under the seat ; in the excitement , it had been totally overlooked and forgotten .
`` i did n't drag her , '' kell said coolly , his dark eyes watchful .
rock would also come get me and drag me there by my hair if he thought i was going to let his boy down .
she had absolutely no appetite and her taste buds had deserted her , but she forced down another bite of tender steak to drag out the meal as long as possible .
the occasional drag of his sex against her buttocks made her breath catch .
almost every part of her being urged her to turn , wrap her arms around him , drag him to that rumpled bed and revel in the passion he offered .
hell , he wanted to drag her into the nearest hotel and lose himself inside her long enough to forget the races he was missing and the fear that he might not be back in the car for chicagoland .
i was afraid that she would immediately come to retrieve me and drag me into the underworld to try and fix my situation .
they 'll drag me to a disciplinary hearing and probably kick me out of school .
fifteen minutes had never seemed to drag by more slowly .
royce allowed kelly to drag him into the j. c. penney store .
reverend raymond looked at riley as if he fully expected him to sprout horns and drag out a pitchfork .
she felt like an intruder into his life , extra baggage he was forced to drag around with him .
rather than drag this out , she told him the truth .
a sudden storm could push the boat and cause the anchor to drag along the bottom .
sure , sometimes you 'll have to drag the in-laws along , but once in a while you 'll have her all to yourself , and with two bedrooms , you 'll have more space to play , if you know what i mean . ''
you do n't want me to know you have a problem with directions and so you picked a place on the main drag because you 'd have no trouble finding it . ''
if only- `` as if finding a parking place is n't already a bitch , now a couple of bozos run into each other on the main drag .
no traffic moved along the main drag .
peeling out of the parking lot , he gunned the motor on his way down the main drag .
and you thought i 'd drag you into it , somehow . ''
she would take back the wiggle if she could , but it had slipped out before she could stop it lifting heavy eyelids , she watched him drag in air as he looked around .
as if to prove his point , he took another drag on the cigarette .
sure , she had her goals , and he respected that he only wanted to add to her list of things to want-a special person to share the life she wanted to create , a person who would n't drag her down , someone who would support and enhance her dreams .
he was about to go drag her down the stairs himself when a hush fell over the room .
the other part of me wanted to drag you as far from danger as i could and keep you from harm all the days of your life .
`` or will it be too much of a drag with a bunch of boring seniors ? ''
i managed to drag my lids back to stare at charlie with bleary eyes .
robert took another long drag on his cigarette .
but at the same time he did n't want to drag rachel into the middle of something we do n't yet understand . ''
hope bloomed when she saw him drag his left leg in an effort to keep up with her .
i want to drag him down here on the lobby floor and rip that uptight suit right off him .
why are you letting this drag on when it 's making you both so damned miserable ? ''
`` oh come on , quinton , '' my girlfriend , lexi , pouts as she takes a deep drag off her cigarette , then extends her arm out the open window .
the calm only amplifies as i put it to my lips and take a deep drag .
he shakes his head as he puts the cigarette into his mouth and takes a drag .
`` i can prove it , '' i insist and take a drag from the cigarette .
he takes a drag from the end of the cigarette , and smoke eases out of his mouth and envelops his face .
i slip off my sandals and let my feet drag against the floor as i swing back and forth .
he continues to drag on the cigarette , looking more and more out of it with each breath .
taking the cigarette from her mouth , he took a long drag and exhaled slowly .
if you 're so bloody worried about hammer , i suggest you not let him drag you off to his bed again . ''
she 'd drag me into the most outlandish things and make me think it was my idea . ''
trying not to shiver , i take a drag of my cigarette .
they 'll not come and drag ye away , i think .
her strategy was to have their mothers drag the small ones in one at a time , to have each child 's limbs and features hastily sketched into the appropriate blob before natural wriggliness or tantrums obtruded .
`` the neighbor smelt smoke , though , and rushed over in time to drag mrs. tolliver and the bairn safe away .
`` i was n't planning to knock him on the head and drag him off , '' she said tartly .
the difficulty , of course , was that dewitt had no way of knowing what charles 's ancestors had actually looked like , and had therefore used as sitters anyone he could drag into his studio , merely equipping each portrait with the same prominent nose , by way of ensuring a family resemblance .
when they take a man or a sheep , they pull the victim beneath the water to drown it , but then drag it to their den below ground and leave it there until it has rotted enough to suit their fancy .
`` when the wicked salaud tried to drag me off the horse , i kicked him in the jaw .
to hang an unimportant fraser clansman was one thing ; to storm castle leoch and drag out the laird of the clan mackenzie to face english justice was something else again .
nay , lass , i dinna want to tell ye about it , any more than ye want to hear it ... but i think i am going to have to drag it all out before it chokes me . ''
was hayes intending to drag jamie into some sort of witch-hunt for regulators ?
he stared at me with a fierce intensity , as though to drag me down the stairs by the force of his gaze alone .
and yet i did n't think so ; neither did brianna , urging her horse through a boggy patch ahead with an intensity that suggested she would be better pleased to leap off the horse and drag it bodily through the mud .
she knew him , knew that he intended to drag every detail out of her , and she simply could n't face it .
he closed the door , wondering if he should drag her out of the plane right then and there .
`` then we 'll go to town and round up a posse and find him , '' kade said , not wanting to drag more people into something that could quite likely end with gunfire .
otherwise he might have given in to the urge to drag her somewhere private and kiss her until they were both senseless with lust .
`` we would n't drag you there .
i take another drag of my cigarette .
i walk to the field , even if i have the urge to grab carlos by the ear and drag him home .
i drag myself to my closet to change .
i take a long drag , thankful for nicotine .
`` then why drag me all the way out here ? ''
`` but if he says you need to go to the hospital , '' he says , shaking his finger at me , `` you 're going , whether or not i have to drag you out of the house kicking and screaming . ''
she takes a drag of the cigarette and taps the ash in the sink .
`` and if you cuss in my class again , i 'm going to personally drag you down to dr. aguirre 's office . ''
`` but i ca n't drag you down with me .
`` i 'm not sure those two would have ever got their stuff together if cassie did n't drag the tiny one over to our house that night .
`` when the creature got damiandatilde ; no , he tried to drag me down with him .
`` you want to drag me into this ? ''
he decided to get another bottle of water and find the quietest corner possible to wait for the evening to drag to an end .
he wants you to drag it out of him . ''
in the span of minutes , stephen managed to drag me back into high school .
like i would rip off my own arm if i could get one drag .
i swear to god , i 'm going to drag her back out .
while waiting for allison to drag herself away from the ladies ' planning committee , i smoked one of the cigarettes i bummed from a stoner boy before the incident in calculus .
if you want it out , you 're going to have to trap it and drag it out . ''
`` next time you come into my bar , i 'm calling isaiah to drag you back out , '' denny says .
i drag her forward and occasionally she lifts her feet to help with the progression on the sidewalk .
i 'll drag her out by her hair if i have to .
i 've heard rumors of illegal drag races , but i thought they were just that-rumors .
`` is this where i can drag race ? ''
even worse , how do i explain why i wanted to be drag racing ?
after all , she was the one looking for the drag race-a thrill .
my parents and oldest brothers have told me enough colleen stories for me to be well aware that she would never have broken curfew , participated in a drag race or been alone with a guy .
legend says the braver ones drag raced the winding mile road and played chicken at the top where no wall exists .
but then i remember that he 'd crucify me if he knew that i hung out with them , participated in a drag race , ran from the police and then kissed a guy while alone in his apartment .
at the drag race he fit in , but here , among guys who wear white shirts and ties to school , he looks ... terrifying .
i defied curfew , drag raced and now owe five thousand dollars to a guy my mother would faint at the sight of .
`` we 're going to drag race , '' he announces .
i had planned to ask noah to help drag race my way out of the debt , but he 's been slammed with his own problems .
`` i mean , i did drag race . ''
my eyes , like everyone else 's , driven to the sky to ogle the place where people years ago drove off a cliff in a drag race and died .
i grab her , still struggling for air , and drag both of us as i stumble into the office .
and if i did decide to play with it , i 'd be testing this car on the drag strip during test and tune .
i drag in a breath and turn .
i drag in a thousand calming breaths , but they do nothing to actually calm me , and instead a nauseating , sinking feeling of despair takes over .
i am not ... losing ... this baby ... ... '' i drag in a breath and shake my head ; then i sniffle .
i drag in a breath and look at my parents .
still feeling more unsteady than i 'd like , i drag in a deep breath and continue staring at my lap , at the stupid linen dress i wore when i prettied up for him this morning .
he grasps my h*ps tight as i drag my lips along his jaw and head for his mouth , and i kiss it , fast and almost as if i do n't want to , and ease back , sucking in a breath as i let go .
his hands coast down my spine , then drag around to my front and pass over my hard , sensitized n**ples , then he rests his head on me and spreads his hand open on my stomach .
i drag in a deep breath as the pain takes hold .
she seems to drag a breath for courage before she starts nodding .
my chest feels like a knot as i drag a hand along my face and stare outside , trembling when i think of all the years nobody has given a shit whether i get in trouble or not .
they drag me into the room and start mumbling about me maybe getting strangled in my clothes and they strip me and plop me on the bed .
i engulf her ass in my hands and drag her deeper into my lap , memorizing the way she looks right now as i look into her eyes and will her to understand me .
she fists her hands in my hair and i inhale her like a madman , then i grab her face and drag my tongue up her neck , her jaw , and lick the entry of her lips .
i 've stolen shit , vandalized shit , woken up in places i do n't even remember getting there ... ... '' i drag a breath , then sigh .
i smile wickedly and drag a finger along the inside of her arm .
i go to her neck and drag her soft scent into my lungs until i 'm relaxed and satisfied , then i buzz the back of her ear and tell her , `` you 're my mate , and i 've claimed you . ''
i stop , then i drag a bunch of air into my burning lungs , but it 's impossible to calm down , the anger and the possessiveness , the f**king jealousy in me is so great , greater than me .
my pulse starts getting faster as i turn her hand , spot the flatness of her palm , and drag my tongue over it .
i drag my lips along her forehead , the shell of her ear , inhaling her and feeling every inch of her small , lean body against mine .
i drop my head and trail my tongue in to mate with hers , then i drag the back of one finger across her cheek .
i drag my hands down my face and growl , `` i feel like i 'm breathing under f**king water without her . ''
she catches her breath as they fall on her body , her hair splayed dark behind her as she runs her fingers up my biceps , my shoulder , caressing me as i caress those rose petals and drag them up and down her body .
i drag my tongue out to lick it , then i head down to her navel and taste every inch of skin i can , feeling how her abdomen rises and falls as she pants but lets me do whatever i want with her .
`` yes you are , '' i murmur , and i seize her by the waist and i drag her down to my erection , watching the little pulse flutter at the base of her throat as she takes me .
my eyes drift shut as i drag my tongue all down the length of his fingers .
reeling in surprise , i drag her in for another hug , still stunned and disbelieving that my little sister is in my arms , and then melanie grabs her and gives her some mel-love .
`` i had to drag out a finished discussion while i waited for it to go down .
laughing , i told her , `` i 'll have to drag you along with us again .
typical of wes to drag his ass when jax really needed him .
he used the last of his strength to curl up , grab her arms , and drag her down on top of him .
he followed , hoping she was going to drag him into a chair in some corner , raise her little dress , and straddle his lap , bridge this growing distance between them .
he was just about to drag his gaze away from her when lexi looked over .
jax was feeling a hell of a lot better now , eight hours after starting the antibiotic , but he could still feel the drag in his body .
even before robin arrived at the subway station , she knew the day would drag .
`` i remember , '' she muttered , knowing it would 've been too much to expect him not to drag up the lowest point of her life as a mother .
and carol was n't about to drag out all the pain for alex to examine .
`` i do n't want to drag up the past .
`` jamie , darling , we 're going to harpo 's , '' lane announced , throwing open the door , hopping out to drag jamie towards the mammoth suv .
then her lips pulled away , and he heard her drag in a shuddering breath .
i do n't think either party wants to drag this out .
well , i was going to say we should hang out , but i hate to drag you away from- '' `` it 's totally fine ! ''
i do n't call for you and tell them to drag your ass out of court , do i ? ''
he needed to pull out and catch his breath before he embarrassed himself , but he was deep enough that the long drag out of her body might be his trigger .
brian had been the one trying to drag him kicking and screaming , fighting and cursing , back to the world of the living .
it seemed ten times as awkward when all he really wanted was to drag her back into her bedroom and have his way with her for the rest of the day .
she slapped that thought aside before it could drag her down .
`` i never meant to drag you and candace into this .
turning immediately away and putting on the show of straightening his station , he tried to drag in what breath he could .
`` if you drag this out , torture yourself and make yourself miserable over him , you 'll regret it for a long , long time , gabby .
`` if she wants to live in her misery , though , i do n't want her to drag me down into it too .
he was gon na find the f**king doctor and drag him in here by the scruff of his neck .
it wo n't do anyone any good for us to drag the girl into this too , '' said gideon .
had to drag her into the city .
i put all my summer clothes in storage in the basement , though , and i do n't want to drag them out .
there was n't enough oxygen in the room ; she gasped at it , feeling her restricted lungs strain in an effort to drag enough air into her body .
this trip had seemed to drag on unendingly , and he was deeply , utterly weary of hotel rooms and hotel food .
time became elas-tic , making a few minutes drag by like molasses in january ; then all of a sudden several hours would telescope into noth-ing .
not anymore , and not for anything would he drag up that terrible story .
if anyone tried to force her into that tediously dull and pretentious academic scene , theyd have to drag her kicking and screaming .
now im going to restrain you and drag you to sydneys cell , to make it all look believable .
`` am i going to have to drag your drunken ass home like i do hayes ? ''
he had to drag himself away .
he was big , but she could drag him out .
`` do you think you can drag logan ?
he could make good on his threats and drag her out of here kicking and screaming , which would no doubt get her neighbors ' attention , or he could use a little finesse .
i also promise you that if you do n't go drag paul in from outside , the synestryn will likely find him before sunrise . ''
she rode the waves of sensation , letting them drag her along , taking them where they pleased .
she let the wind drag her hood from her head , stripped out of her puffy coat , and put the thought of her chilled fingers and aching legs in the front of her mind .
they did n't try to drag her away from her body and show her all the horrible , violent things they could do .
torr stripped it off , feeling it drag against something on his back-a scar , maybe .
`` it was bad enough you had to drag me here , but throwing me over your shoulder and making me look at your nak*d ass was going over the line .
she had to forcibly drag her gaze away from his back and focus on what they were doing .
he started to drag her down , but she resisted .
i need to drag it into the woods . ''
weariness began to drag at her .
the miles seemed to drag by , no matter how hard he pushed the accelerator .
chapter 27 jackie was writhing with anger , so furious at iain she could barely drag her clothes on .
the board was over six feet long , and there was no way she could drag it along with her .
`` you really think i 'm going to purposefully drag you into battle when you 've barely learned anything ?
darkness edged her vision , and she fought to drag oxygen into her constricted lungs .
she would n't drag them into the mire she was about to descend into herself .
she turned , having to drag her leg .
she closed the knife , stuffed it into her pocket and started to drag herself upward .
`` would you drag the team into a personal vendetta , cole ?
`` holy shit , '' he said , taking a long drag off his joint before snuffing it out on the burn-scarred formica to save the rest of the buzz for later .
repulsed , furious , he 'd intended to drag seth in front of their father and the rest of the darkhaven and expose his inexcusable breach of breed law .
how dare you stay out all goddamn night , making me worry about you , only to drag your sorry ass back home at the crack of dawn and wake me out of a dead sleep !
`` you just would n't be happy until i had to drag my ass up here to this godforsaken icebox , that it ?
raised it as the ancient stalked closer to where kade was now trying to drag himself up once more .
he 'd give her five minutes to get her tight little ass back in her chair or he was going to drag her back in to finish eating ... she returned in a short white satin robe that revealed her bare legs and the lack of a bra .
you think you 're going to drag her down ? ''
`` you have no idea what kind of reward i 'd get to take down the last living drag - ahh ! ''
she half expected them to grab her and drag her off to the underground cages .
fond of leaping from the water to drag unwitting mundanes to their deaths .
if you 're tired i do n't want to drag you to the hospital .
march is probably struggling to keep the nose up , increase drag , trying not to liquefy our hull .
even if something horrible happens to me soon , and it most likely will , maybe i wo n't drag loras down with me .
doc and dina do n't seem to care , irritatingly solid , both of them , so i drag my feet and mumble .
time is fluid , so the moments where everything feels perfect pass in a wink , and those where you 're on your knees in despair drag on like the death of a thousand cuts .
`` until you drag us into your wars , '' karom mutters .
`` not unless he looks to us for help , or she tries to drag him off . ''
so i drag myself to the cockpit , time and again .
as they drag me off , vel says , `` i will see you soon , sirantha . ''
it is n't far to the village proper , and once we reach it , they drag us through an interested crowd of onlookers to a mound that has clearly been designated as a prison .
but i 'm not sure why he 's trying to drag me into it .
i do n't understand what could possibly be so important about michigan that she would drag us away from our entire lives .
for whatever reason , i just want to drag this time out with her .
you ca n't turn around and drag harper with you , callum .
i finally reached the circle and broke through , wrapping harper in my arms and trying to drag her away but the guy became enraged .
`` not even if you threatened to drag me , '' i said .
kelly simsky with her short blonde hair , the blonde hair that met her chin and would drag forward when she laughed .
he said , taking a last drag before putting it out with the toe of his shoe .
you did n't just drag a girl into a mud room , give her a quick smooch , and then run off .
i knew that there was a contingent of mma fans that were women , but most of them seemed more interested in sleeping with a fighter in hopes that we could drag them with us as we climbed to the top .
kenny helps me drag down the furry monster that once stood proud as a card-carrying member of the forest and is now reduced to living room decor for all of one night .
`` bradshaw teaches it , '' i say , trying to drag myself out my sexual stupor before i find myself in a hard situation .
afterward , i practically drag her out into the blizzard-like conditions , so i can drill her a new one in peace .
i gently drag my nails across his chest like painting a picture .
i would just drag him down with me .
parrish wanted to use her before he killed her , drag her soul in the dirt , humiliate her , and conrad strongly disapproved .
and why , oh , why did he ever drag us from the danish court ?
glancing at the floor , she stretched out one shapely leg and used her elegantly polished toes to drag her crumpled jeans over to rest at her feet .
`` i did n't mean to drag you into this , '' he confessed in a low voice , `` but i did n't know what else to do . ''
and she could n't drag chess into that .
i hope i did n't drag you away from anything important . ''
did n't she see that if she stayed here , mike would drag her down ?
victor took a long drag and they stood in silence , considering a future that seemed impossibly distant .
the trousers were big , but tucking in the shin helped , and she rolled up the bottoms just a little so they would n't drag .
`` you could n't drag her to india or ethiopia .
the pastor was low-key , the music was all right , and time did n't drag by the way it always seemed to when i was little .
she scrambled toward them , seizing their hands andbeginning to drag them away .
his eyes were on lissa , and it took him a moment to drag them to me .
`` i can render you unconscious as easily as that guy and drag you out .
my friends and i had spent many a morning trying to drag him out of bed in the past .
he could n't drag me to the casinos until i turned legal , but he gave me an education early . ''
he wanted to drag it out , go slow and savour the experience .
he 'll drag me back there and i do n't want to go back .
`` and that means you need to drag your hung-over self out of your seat and go find the correct room .
`` if that 's what i was looking for , i 'd just drag you into my room . ''
he should still be in a meeting , but i was hoping that i 'd be able to drag him with us later .
caroline took a drag and exhaled slowly , staring out at the green lawn .
i ... '' she faltered and seemed to drag her gaze back to his face , presumably determined not to appear too flustered , yet she could n't possibly have appeared more so .
muttering an oath , michael could n't help but ask himself how this mad woman had managed to drag him along on this haphazard , wild goose chase , at the very core of the enemy 's lair in the first place .
`` lady arlington 's cesarean and lady warwick 's surgery- '' `` ah , yes , two other ladies whom you decided to drag through the mud as well . ''
unless they were tears of joy , in which case i made a mental note to drag sylvie to the nearest bar for a round of celebratory drinks the moment i arrived back home .
i did n't need more friends who 'd drag me to the local bar whenever yet another unfaithful guy broke up with them .
serena linked her arms through faith 's and started to drag her toward the dressing room .
do n't think i wo n't show up at your office and drag you out kicking and screaming if i have to , '' faith said when serena answered her office line .
they 'd drag her back into the world kicking and screaming , they 'd listen to her cry and bitch and wail , but then they 'd tell her to shut the f**k up and get over it .
lyric waved as he got into the car and then allowed faith to drag her into the restaurant .
she 'd been plotting to jump him and drag him into her apartment while he could have been talking about the weather as calmly as he 'd handled their farewell .
he just hoped like hell he did n't have to barge into one of the private rooms and drag her out .
she 'd made a classic rookie error in judgment , fueled by pure emotion , and ended up needing backup to drag her ass to safety .
everyone was happy , chase was there daily and was even able to drag me to his house a few times so i could hang out with the guys , but it had been more than uncomfortable .
my belly dropped as i watched him stride over to the side of the bed and then drag the covers back with the sheet tucked under me .
if georgie 's father were here right now , he 'd cuff you to the bumper of his car and drag you ten miles . ''
he could not mask the worry in his voice and prayed this was no hoax to gauge his concern so she could use it to drag him deeper into her muck .
there 's no reason to drag out your misery .
he was n't breathing ; she was too late , she thought with alarm , but then ground her teeth and started to rise , intending to drag him toward shore .
had it been love that made her drag him nak*d from the river to the castle ?
cursing deep in his throat , he moved around to the side and grabbed osgoode 's arm to drag him that way as well ; then he reached up and pulled open the door .
i drag my pinkie back and forth in the dirt .
i drag my fingers along my face as i hunch over and search the damp grass for the elastic .
the rock is rough like sandpaper against my palms as i drag myself up and kayden 's hands slide down my back as he pushes me higher .
`` there is no way i 'm going to drag a giant , deformed , pink bear across campus and take it to my room . ''
he takes a slow drag off his cigarette and then turns his head toward me .
it still took him several seconds to drag his gaze away .
he asked , managing to drag himself out of his dark thoughts .
would it be better if we really did drag him to dimitri ?
i drag a hand through my hair and turn away because i ca n't seem to stop f**king staring at her .
i reach in my pocket , drag out my whistle and blow it as hard as i can .
i pause at the stairs , realizing maybe it 's rude to drag her directly to my bedroom .
maybe it was wrong to drag trey into this lie , but i seriously doubted stanton would interrogate him anytime soon .
avelyn allowedladygerville tohelp her to herfeet , and movedto the corner of the tent withthe olderwoman as the men began to drag the damaged furs out .
a woman with red hair hands him a zippo and he lights up , taking a drag .
i toss the pen onto the bed and drag my butt over to the door to open it .
i 'll drag you into that dark hole with me .
i place my hand on her cheek and let my thumb drag below her eye .
i drag my exhausted legs toward the starbucks at the corner of the street .
he scratches his head and takes another drag .
i remember the countless times london use to drag me to noisy places , either not noticing that i hated the noise or not caring .
the garbage bag 's really heavy and leaves this gross slimy stuff on the kitchen floor as i drag it out , slide it off the steps and toss it into the bigger trash can .
`` you can trust me to give you five hundred pounds if you drag markham away from pel and into the card room . ''
her emotions a morass , isabel followed with only a slight drag .
and why drag me along with you ? ''
radcliffe grabbed her by the collar as she stumbled forward , then turned to drag her back out of die alley .
charles was on his hands and knees at the side of the bed , apparently attempting to drag something out .
in the end , riley had to grab kevin - raoul ducked out of the way as soon as he could see what riley was thinking - and drag him upstairs by force .
i could let go and expect mild retribution , or i can keep tugging and drag his butt into the surf .
`` he 'll drag you down , amanda , but right now you 're too young to understand that .
the morning breeze made the rotting torsos rotate slightly , and ted took another long drag on his cigarette .
he could not seem to drag his gaze away from the lass with hair the color of summer sunlight .
quinn was diving for the floor past nyala , trying to drag rashel with him .
what kind of power could drag her into her own dreams and cause her to bleed from an ancestor 's wound ?
the metal began to bend under the pressure ... ... do n't drag her into the water ... do n't force her hands down .
the party was a real drag , but then she had n't expected the kellys to bust out with a real party .
because you did n't want to drag someone else down with you .
`` but i- '' `` do n't drag this kid through the hell you know is coming .
she reached behind her to snag a corner of the sheet and drag it over her hip .
he fought off the need clawing his skull , peeled himself away from paige and stepped back , trying to drag air into his laboring lungs .
`` well , it does certainly make this assignment drag on .
i let my left hand drag against the wall as low as i could reach , feeling for the opening as i crept forward .
i only pulled half a foot closer to him , but that got my chin out of the stream , and enough of my mouth to choke some of the water back out and drag in a breath .
she 'd imagined ghosts , the living dead come to drag her back into the ground with them .
she could n't drag it out .
`` we 're gon na drag you through that door by your hair , if we have to , sunshine , '' dee said , just in case this was n't sufficiently clear .
i felt the heat rise inside of me again , and i was about to drag him back into the bedroom when his pocket began ringing loudly .
i tried to bring my knee up into his groin or at least to drag my foot down his shin- anything to cause him pain- but he was pressed so close to me i could n't move .
i 'll send dean after you and have him drag you to that restaurant kicking and screaming . ''
`` the way it happened , '' she says , and now there are three detectives listening to her , carella and meyer who caught the squeal , joined by lieutenant byrnes , because all of a sudden this is interesting enough to drag him out of his corner office and into the interrogation room .
his winnings , she noticed , were twice as much as anyone else 's , and as she watched her brother drag the change pile toward him , she observed that at least to this point , the evening had gone pretty well .
`` just drag a chair over and yank the bloody thing down .
he could drag that chain ten thousand miles , but the hollow , the people he loved in it , and his goddamn destiny just kept pulling him back .
his fingers itched to drag through his hair again , and he kept them firmly at his side .
here and there parents grabbed young children , pushed through the onlookers to drag them away while others only stood clapping hands to the beat .
i 'm guessing he 's telling me not to drag my father into it .
her pulse stumbled erratically beneath the slow drag of his fingertip .
c'mon , mitch , do n't make me drag this out of you word by word . ''
aching and growing more desperate by the second from his teasing sensuality , she writhed beneath him and tried to rise , planning to drag him back down with her .
`` you drag that kettle one step closer , sister , and you 'll live to regret it . ''
`` then once you drag her here you abandon her .
`` that 's answer enough for me , '' she said , and grabbed meredith to drag her out of the room .
i drag the garbage bag toward the back door .
we drag him outside and lila hops out of the car .
*** a couple more days drag by and i still do n't hear anything from micha .
as we drive down haddon avenue into the heart of collingswood - my hometown - i see that the main drag looks different .
if you 're cool with it , '' sloane asked exie , not wanting to drag her to something she did n't want to go to , but i could easily tell they were both kind of dying to go .
`` i had to , i did n't want to drag things out and then ... . '' i paused not wanting to use sam as an excuse .
i wear it long to try and drag the curl down .
he takes a long , drag of his cigarette .
he takes another drag , then leans over and stubs his cigarette out in the waiting ashtray .
he puts his coffee down and takes a drag of his cigarette .
jake takes a long drag of his cigarette , and the smoke billows past me .
he takes another drag of his cigarette and steps up to the mike .
`` okay ... '' he takes another drag of his cigarette and drops it to the floor , putting it out with his boot .
she transfers the cigarette to her own lips and takes a long , sultry drag .
i drag my hands through my hair , trying to compile a coherent sentence , but nothing 's coming , except for that she 's right .
i drag my eyes to his , my mind still frozen , suspended in this horrific time zone he 's trapped me in .
i drag my tear stained eyes up to his .
i take another long drag , then stub it out in the ashtray .
lighting up , i take a long drag , pulling back hard , enjoying the momentary relief the nicotine gives me .
i drag my fingers through my hair .
taking another drag , i rest my elbows on the wheel and put my head in my hands .
you will come back to our bedroom if i have to drag you there kicking and screaming ! ''
he usually slept naked but she had honestly believed that he would drag on a shorts or something after the events of that evening .
he took her hand but she tensed and tried to drag her hand out of his grip .
theresa watched as his head tilted back on the pillow and smiled in catlike satisfaction when his hands dropped to her thighs to drag her even closer .
i ca n't stand to watch a ghost drag you down any more . ''
he did n't have any right to drag her into the scandal that was about to hit .
tal 's hands tightened , pulling her back , his c*ck going deep before starting the long drag back out that made her want to howl .
he could n't help but drag his fingers into her soft hair and draw her closer .
she braced herself , but he merely tightened his grip in her hair and started to drag her along .
when you get tired , flip over on your back and i 'll drag you in .
`` let his c*ck drag over the front wall of your cunt . ''
how could she drag them into her world ?
we never intended to drag you into any of this .
she just wanted to have sex , but he was going to drag this out , make it a lavish , prolonged affair .
mom took a long drag on her cigarette and turned slightly , studying lauren through the filmy haze .
mom took a long drag on her cigarette .
she took another drag , exhaled , smiling dreamily .
what do you plan to do , drag in someone from outside the judge 's chambers ? ''
if she looked remotely as dreadful as she felt , rich would drag her bodily into dr. fullerton 's office .
`` i suppose you 're going to drag the horrors of giving birth into this now-which , i 'll remind you , is completely unfair . ''
he must think they were sitting in their apartment ready to ambush him , tie him up and drag him in front of the closest preacher .
`` no need to drag this out . ''
`` i suspect folks will talk about us the same way when we drag our children to family get-togethers . ''
instead of calling her , he should drag her out of that damn precinct and paddle her sweet ass until she believed that he was n't the killer .
and so will you , if i have to drag you kicking and screaming out of great bods .
`` came to deal with nan , '' i replied , looking back at my father who was taking another long drag on his cigarette as he let his eyes roam over the female kiro had brought with him .
lana asked as i walked over and took a long drag from her diet coke .
lana always said it was good exercise , but she never had to practically drag my drunken body up two flights of stairs .
`` oh , noah just keeps clothes in my closet so he does n't have to drag around the extra change of clothing he needs after he 's done showering . ''
`` yeah , for smaller gyms , they drag in guys off the street , promise them money fights , and then throw them up against more experienced fighters so that those fighters can build their records . ''
i had to basically club him over the head and then drag him back to the car .
`` no problem , bo , '' mike said cheerfully , totally unaware i wanted to drag him over the counter and beat him bloody .
she looked at me icily , took a drag , and said , `` let me know if you change your mind .
`` why does n't she drag him into the men 's bathroom and blow him already ?
i just needed to drag my one full garbage can out of the garage and onto the curb , then dart back in .
james brought the stiff leather handle of the torture device up to my cheek , and i watched those heavy flowers drag across the desk as the flogger moved .
`` leave it to james to drag me clubbing in my fifties , '' he said by way of greeting .
tristan rolled his eyes , taking another long drag of the cigarette .
`` it was that or drag you into the nearest room .
there was also now a high likelihood she 'd drag me off to kirova for a detention .
i had to drag all those dry-clean only clothes with me to school and keep them neatly in my locker until school was over .
at any moment jagger was going to look into my eyes and hypnotize me and drag me back to dullsville 's cemetery .
`` yeah , '' he said once more , forcing his limbs to drag himself up off the ground into a seated slump against the front wheel of the suv .
i should n't have let them drag me in here .
i watched her for a moment , taking a drag or two from my cigarette .
`` no wonder i had to drag your ass out of his car , sounds like you were ... '' i trailed off , pressing my lips together to keep the rest from coming out .
i took a final drag off the last cigarette in the pack .
`` unless one of the men at the bachelor party decides to go drag , i think we 're fine , '' joked julie .
do n't even think about saying no , i 'll drag you kicking and screaming if i need to , '' threatened suzy .
managing to drag his eyes from willa 's br**sts , he pulled the breeches back up , lifted one foot to grasp his boot and began tugging it off , hopping awkwardly .
getting off the bed , hugh found his braies and began to drag them on as the witch examined his wife .
once she 'd managed to swallow the last of her food , willa would drag her exhausted body up to their chamber .
`` the trees , '' he said at last and took her arm to drag her back the way they had come .
please do n't tell me you 're going to drag us to see beauty and the beast , too !
`` quit looking like you just got a hand job from a drag queen , '' garrett muttered beside him .
sam was n't going to drag garrett away now , especially when he had no idea what they were in for .
i told you we were going to drag him home one way or another . ''
he knew this - knew what he was fighting for - so why could n't he drag his eyes away from the witch 's face ?
she 'd feared they would try more `` unnatural crimes , '' but so far , other than sinking their teeth or claws into her legs to drag her out of their way , or forcing her to eat and drink things she could n't even contemplate without retching , the incubi had kept their hands off her .
when she could drag her gaze from his face , she saw his clothing was riddled with holes .
with a drag and a tug , it was gone ... and morgan stood nude from the waist up before a total stranger .
jack cole would be a hot memory she could drag out on a cold night and remember when she needed to warm herself .
any satisfaction she got out of watching jack grind his teeth came to a halt when he stalked across the room , his intent to grab her and drag her to the door written all over his face .
and when he manipulated the fingers in and out of her body with a slow drag , then , oh hell , the pleasure completely shut her brain down .
then he stimulated her cl*t with a long , lagging drag of his tongue .
he 'd drag her back to luc 's bed , wake his cousin up and ... do something he 'd regret .
march across the floor , drag kimber into his arms , and carry her off to the bedroom .
gritting his teeth , luc entered her again , slowly filling her , a torturous drag of the head of his c*ck over her g-spot .
you 're not going to risk your life to drag his stupid ass out of this mess because he 's a head case . ''
as they turned toward the parking lot , a sleek , black maserati spyder convertible zoomed past them , tires screeching as it turned out onto the main drag .
she made a mental note to drag more of the smaller tables out of storage and call her contractor to fix the wall in the morning .
as luc continued to drag his c*ck through her sensitive channel , blood heated her skin , rushed to her clit .
if she let him drag her back into that bedroom , she was as good as dead .
he tore off the condom and trashed it , restraining the urge to drag her back to bed and tie her to it .
`` he did n't drag you back to his apartment because he realized why you 'd gone and that your mom needed help . ''
her orgasm was going to drag him with her , and he could n't wait .
he gripped her hand again , and this time used it to drag her against his body .
she 'd allowed shonda and a few of the others to drag her to this dive to not only celebrate her big two-nine , but to see if , maybe , she could find a hot guy to spend the night with .
my family lived nearby , and he tried to drag them into our dispute once .
when her tongue lapped around the sensitive head , then a tender drag of her teeth followed , he groaned aloud and nearly hit the roof .
she screamed , prompting him to drag her through the growing crowd of customers and out the back door of the club .
i did n't think it was fair to drag you through my muck .
`` i ca n't drag thorpe into this .
he stared at the clock , watching every drag of its hands .
`` unless i barge into the back with my badge and drag her out of here . ''
`` i managed to drag her to the lake once with some of the regulars from dominion .
as he continued to drag his fingers ruthlessly over her most sensitive spots , he swept his lips up her neck , then nipped at her lobe .
wild horses could n't drag her away until she 'd satisfied her curiosity and her lust .
short of driving the cart herself , which she did n't intend to do because she wanted to be waiting in the entry hall with the staff lined up like they did in the movies , she was stuck with letting colin walk and drag his suitcase along the curved and somewhat bumpy path from the helipad to the front door .
but he could n't control his followers , and someone had decided the time was right to drag penny and her choice back into the spotlight in an attempt to embarrass kate .
unless you intend to overpower me and drag me to idaho , which i can assure you is n't going to happen , i 'm staying put until you tell me what 's going on . ''
she took a long drag from the cigarette .
too tired to argue , i nod , and drag my feet after him .
taking the chair from inside the room , i drag it into the bathroom with me and lodge it under the door knob .
`` so ... '' `` leningrad is an island now , '' mama says , taking a drag off the cigarette and handing it back to baba .
sasha is strong enough to drag it through the heavy snow , thank god .
out in the freezing darkness of early morning , i drag my sled through the streets .
please ... ... '' he looks me over as he takes one last drag of the cigarette and then drops it to the snow .
she 's going to the solstice ceremony , where the shapeshifters and the witches are meeting , even if i have to drag her by the hair .
but when she managed to drag her gaze upward , she felt a thrill of hope .
i am just a girl , only fourteen , and my arms are weak , but aunt maida is so small , so thin like a bird that i can drag her from the house , still stiffened into a sitting position .
so i drag her as far as i can until my arms and legs and back are sore and empty of strength , and then i leave her , sitting awkwardly in an alley , amid the heaps of trash .
if you drag him home now , he will just run away again as soon as you are asleep . ''
derek shifts , prepares to drag me farther into cover .
i drag a long , stuttering breath in , face in the dirt , nostrils clogged with dirt , eyes stinging with dirt .
i lick my lips , drag a burning breath , knead the howling muscle of my injured thigh , wish this was over , wish i was still holding rania 's sweet soft nak*d body against mine in the gray dark of dawn .
christ , he needed to dial back on the confrontation , figure out how to drag information from her without distressing her even more .
so he slowed his strokes to a torturous drag over every sensitive spot inside her cunt .
the possessive caveman in him wanted to drag her off by the hair and keep her for himself .
if she did , hammer would surely drag out the ball gag , nipple clamps , and who knew what else was in his pockets .
`` i 'm glad you two did n't make us drag out the two-by-fours . ''
i did n't want to drag my new dad into it too .
`` zoe , if i ever get anywhere near an altar with magdy , i authorize you to make a flying tackle and drag me away , '' gretchen said .
pop looked at them in surprise , and brenna allowed grant to drag her into the cabin .
`` gee , you mean like letting her drag you to go taste cakes ?
he licked his fingers with a long , slow drag of his tongue that gave her shivers to watch .
the air 's so thin that helicopters ca n't fly , and it 's too risky for rescuers to drag the dead down .
he could tell by the way little quivers were beginning to drag at his finger deep inside her .
`` you just sit in your room every night over at the bed-and-breakfast unless we drag you out .
she mewed a protest when he lifted his hand , and tried to drag his mouth back down to hers , but he was shifting his big body .
he grabbed a handful of it and used it to drag her mouth toward his , then slowly , deliberately kissed her until she was breathless and distracted .
but he only grinned and winked at her , and then lifted one leg at a time to drag her clothes off them .
her hand went to the band in her hair and she tugged it free , not caring that her hair was still wet , and began to drag it across her cheek in an effort to conceal the stain .
she grabbed the leather of his jacket and began to drag him across the hall , toward what he assumed was her room .
she wanted to put her mouth on them , to see how he reacted if she took one in her mouth and gave it a little tug with her teeth , but she could n't bring herself to drag her hands from him .
griffin lightly pressed his mouth to hers , and when she began to kiss along his jaw , he began to drag her toward the shower .
`` so now you 're going to drag me off to london , i take it ? ''
hell , he was practically itching to go and drag violet out of the limo upstairs and bring her with him , but that would cause more questions than it would answer .
she was so engrossed by the feel of his mouth on her own that she did n't notice his hand until it cupped her mound and he began to drag his fingers back and forth through her wet folds .
`` do n't make me drag it out of you . ''
how much longer are you going to drag your past around like a big old ball and chain ? ''
greg winks back like a drag queen with a stuck eyelash .
`` the last thing i want to do is drag this to court . ''
ethan tried to drag his eyes from kelly 's backside .
were you afraid i would jump you and drag you off to my boudoir ? ''
`` do we have to drag more baggage into this ? ''
`` your bad-boy image was starting to drag on your numbers .
`` or i can reach in and drag you out .
awkwardly , they undressed each other as well as they could , then finally , finally , kit pulled away long enough to drag her sweater over her head and toss it to the floor .
as she curled her fingers over his shoulders , gavin dipped his head to her neck to drag his damp mouth along the tender column of her throat , then over the sensitive flesh of her shoulder .
`` i mean , yeah , the snow is kind of a drag , '' she continued , `` but it 's not like you ever let me go anywhere anyway . ''
rachel was beautiful , and it would be no hardship for him to lead her - hell , drag her - to the altar .
if she told herself this enough , maybe her day would n't drag on so painfully .
`` if you keep talking like that , i will have to drag you out of here and shock your family , '' he warned her .
rafe had to drag her from the zoo , especially after ari , with her profound love of history , fell in thrall to the arsenal building at the zoo 's edge .
even if ari gave in and decided to cover herself up , his sisters would drag her from the room first .
the three girls made their way across the casino and found a coffee shop ; ari guzzled down her first cup there , then ordered one to go before she let the girls drag her to who knew where next .
`` i do n't want to drag this out , ari .
it was smart of the man , because rafe was seeing red as he watched the man start to drag ari away from the dance floor .
were the doctors going to come in and drag her off to the loony bin ?
but he was n't so lucky , because her absence had made the time drag by for him .
`` the longer you drag this out , misty , the worse it 's going to be for you . ''
she would n't give him anything that he did n't drag from her .
the fates seemed to be forever against her , so she 'd bet every last dime she had to her name , which was n't much , that preparations for this trial were going to drag on for a long time , a very long time , leaving this man almost a fixture in her life .
this woman was going to drag him with her to hell .
with the last remaining ounce of strength left in her , misty shoved against him , and he rolled onto his side , giving her just enough room to drag herself away .
her lips warmed beneath his , and grady wanted to drag her back into the house and warm every part of her body until she begged for mercy .
i had no doubt that he 'd drag me back to our hotel and force me to stay there if he had his choice .
help me drag a mattress out into the front yard .
i wanted so badly to run across the street and drag him away from all of that insanity .
i drag my lips across skin , up her neck to behind her ear .
she takes a drag and speaks around the smoke .
i do n't exactly drag her back upstairs , but it 's clear she 's hesitant , maybe a little afraid .
another gentle tug , and her left hipbone is bared , my lips graze her skin as my fingers drag over her stomach just above her core now .
her heavy boobs drape against my chest , drag soft as silk against my skin .
`` all you have to do is burn yourself to drag her out of a bad mood ! ''
not when all i want to do is drag you out that door and up the stairs to my apartment so i can ... . '' before kane could finish his sentence , a shouting match interrupted him and another fight broke out .
my heart did a little flutter when he said beautiful but i managed to drag my eyes away from his and turn to head up the steps to where nate was still waiting .
when i was a little girl , the known pervert who lived in the trailer three spots down tried to drag me into his car .
i 'd never been a fan of men in drag , so the image helped me focus .
in his experience , women latched on when they knew he was interested , hoping to drag him to the altar .
my first instinct was to get on a plane and got drag her ass home after dealing with both of them , but common sense and rationality won out .
if i had any sense at all , i would never have let her drag me to this party .
i follow suit , relishing my final drag .
i expect his body to tense up as i drag him into the foliage , but he follows gamely .
my dad would find me lying in the dirt , homework still not finished and he 'd drag me back to the stables so he could monitor me while i finished . ''
walking quickly through the store , she headed for the back , determined to avoid gerrard '' s furious gaze and the probable humiliation when he worked up the nerve to follow her into the store and drag her out .
just create a fantasy for the little woman , and then drag her off to another city where you spend eighteen hour days in meetings to make a few more million .
he 'd woken as soon as his mind had registered that she was no longer in his arms and he 'd instantly leaped out of bed , determined to find her and drag her right back to his bed .
`` claire ca n't sell until i agree to ; if she wants to take me to court over it the process will drag on for months .
he 'd gotten what he 'd wanted - did he really need to drag her through the rest of this farce ?
what on earth had possessed rob to drag cab in there , make him pick a ring and shove it on her finger ?
he 'd kill the sheriff , shoot him dead on the spot , then haul the girl home , truss her up and drag her to the town square .
`` i know this is n't on the main drag , but it 's still a good location , '' he said , stopping in front of the small storefront .
she wanted to drag him outside and leave him in the dark and cold to die , but then she 'd truly be a monster and there 'd be no coming home after that .
and was she being stupid to drag things out when she wanted him as badly as he wanted her ?
`` i guess you 're keeping him in instead of going out to all those fancy restaurants the other women used to drag him to , '' he chuckled .
i have to go now and drag my irritating husband home so he can battle the negotiations tomorrow .
you might as well tell me before i have to drag it out of you .
`` i did n't drag you to bed the first night we were together . ''
my dad did n't fly you down here so you can be a drag and spoil all the fun .
dani was forced to drag her thoughts back to the present .
`` you drag me all the way out here to tell me you 're going to do laser surgery on your eyes ? ''
it took a whole lot of willpower for him not to drag her into his arms and kiss her breathless .
within a fraction of a second it was bundled around her ankles and the woman was lifting her left foot to drag it away .
once he 'd gone back into the office he 'd been so swamped he had n't been able to drag himself from under the backlog of work until now .
`` be ready in five or i 'll drag you out of this office and lock the door . ''
just when she was beginning to really like rafe , even harboring fantasies that he might like her enough to want to stick around in bremen for a while , this thing happened to drag her back to reality .
he passed the knife to her , freeing his hand so he could drag his trousers up over his butt and pull up the zipper .
if he 'd heard her right it sounded like ms. thatcher was planning to drag him off to her sewing meeting .
the constant drag of nervous apprehension was starting to get to her .
if she did that one more time he 'd drag her to his car and take her back to his place for a sightseeing adventure of an entirely different variety .
a black haze clouded her mind and she struggled to drag in each breath .
`` i do n't intend to drag my feet on getting this finalized .
it 's important or i would n't drag you away . ''
open up or so help me god i 'll drag every guard i can get my hands on to bring your ass home !
she could n't drag her gaze away .
the drag of him against her flesh was exquisite .
and sex with zach was something she had n't been able to drag her mind from since she 'd first spotted him naked .
one hand slid behind her neck to drag her close and pull her head down for his kiss .
he watched her every move , unable to drag his eyes from the most erotic thing he had ever seen .
heat washed through her in waves , threatening to drag her under .
her doing her best to tempt him , drive him wild , see how far she could push him before he would surrender , drag her off to some quiet secret corner , and make love to her until she could think of nothing else .
and number two , if he fell onto the floor , he 'd still be there when he woke up because the man was just too huge for her to drag .
she wanted to grab him by the hand and drag him out of the house .
`` let 's get out of here , '' he said and pulled back , intending to drag her back to the limousine so he could get her back to his penthouse and have her alone .
he could n't do anything with this woman because he would just drag her down and she would eventually lose that light that was so important to who she was .
i was going to go over to your house and drag you back here .
she was praying that there was a woman out there that would drag him away from her .
if it were up to him , he 'd grab her hand right now and drag her from the dance floor , pull her behind the stage where the musicians were playing and kiss her senseless .
since there were no negotiation meetings scheduled with ati today , the hours seemed to drag by .
please do n't drag me to the nurse , '' her eyes pleading with him .
carlo laughed but he allowed the small boy to drag him out into the crisp autumn afternoon to the patio where five other men were standing and discussing something serious , all staring at the grill .
she toed off her sneakers before taking hold of her jeans to drag them off .
damn , just the tips of his fingers against her spine was enough to make him want to forget all about this appointment and drag her back to his cabin instead .
i could feel the razor blades cutting into my skin and i bit my lip , preparing to drag and slice .
even my new job could n't drag me out of this depression , and the new workplace was amazing .
at least she had succeeded in not being a drag on proceedings .
first she had to drag her own up from his chest-there were more of his shirt buttons undone .
it goaded him to hurl her into a masterful drag , making her submit to a feet together slide , then swiftly engineering a sandwich , trapping her thigh against his , leaning into her , his arm circling her waist in possessive support as she arched back , his hand almost cupping the soft swell of her breast .
it hung loosely from his shoulders , gaping at the front because he clearly had n't stopped long enough to drag its edges together and do up the tie-belt .
chloe had to drag her mind back to the conversation .
in fact , the trip to melbourne had been a drag without her .
she wanted him to pay for that , screw up his puppet plan , storm him with crashing waves of feeling , drag the devil into the deep blue sea he 'd plunged her into .
he wanted to drag her into his embrace and kiss her until all her resistance melted .
hell , i tried to drag you into my old life , thinking that having you temporarily would ease the need i feel for you . ''
why drag this on for either of them ?
she did n't want to cry , she wanted to fall into a hole and drag it in after her .
you did n't have to drag my sister into it . ''
`` i do n't think that 's a good idea- '' `` we will pay whatever you ask , but frankly my wife feels that alexis needs this time to herself so i ca n't very well drag her back home , much as i would prefer it .
`` now , alex , '' he muttered , tearing his mouth from hers to drag his lips and tongue and teeth along the elegant sweep of her neck .
he wanted to reach into the car , drag her out and plaster her up against him so that he could feel every one of the curves he remembered so well .
instead , all he could think was that he wished the weekend was over so that he could drag her upstairs , lock the two of them up in his room and forget about everything but her for the next twenty-four hours or so .
he lightened the pressure of his hand just enough for her to drag air into her lungs , but even when she 'd gulped down several heaving breaths , jenny could not stop trembling .
`` get your cloak , '' stefan westmoreland snapped ominously , `` you 're coming back to that field with me if i have to drag you there ! ''
clutching a fold of her dressing robe , she twisted it until her knuckles turned white , while she tried to drag enough air through the thick knots of emotion in her chest to speak .
you can drag me by the hah- to the altar , yet all i have to do is refuse to say my vows .
as soon as he could get a special license , he was going to drag her to the altar , by the hair if necessary .
`` a masterpiece of understatement , '' whitney agreed , so eager to see stephen 's reaction that she had to suppress the temptation to grab sherry 's hand and drag the younger woman downstairs to the salon , where she knew he would be waiting with nicki and miss charity .
he had to drag his gaze from her and force himself to stare at the brandy glass he held , so that he would n't meet her gaze and would n't start wanting her .
now you want to drag her all the way down with you-you want to take her to south america to live like a laborer 's drudge .
`` i normally like to drag things out-it builds up the fees , '' he drolly replied .
he wanted to reach out and drag her into his bed , to shove his hands into the rumpled silk of her hair and join his famished body with hers .
either she slept with him for the next eleven weeks , or he was going to drag her father through the courts , and very likely kill him with the stress .
and parker-dear god , parker was a respectable banker and the papers were going to drag him into this mess .
from her vantage point fourteen stories above street level , she watched the police cordoning off the store and shoppers pouring out of it in droves , while the knot in her chest grew and twisted until she could hardly drag air through her lungs .
two blocks from the house , julie grabbed the freezing brass door handles and managed to drag open the heavy doors of the church where her foster father was pastor .
trying to drag in enough air to scream again , julie twisted , landing underneath his sprawled body in the snow , the breath knocked out of her , her terrified blue eyes only inches from his enraged ones , his teeth clenched into a fake smile designed to fool the truck driver .
it was now much closer to her than to him ; she could get to it long before he could and , unless he could drag her snowmobile to safety , she could still make good her getaway .
`` if they 'd known you were coming tonight , i would n't have been able to drag them here .
there 's no way this case can drag on beyond tomorrow , so i 'll be there the day after .
victoria squirmed silently against him , trying to break his hold and to drag her mouth away from the fierce possession of his lips .
the rest of the day seemed to drag as victoria waited nervously for jason to appear , wondering how he would act toward her after last night .
victoria swallowed , trying to drag her voice past the aching lump in her throat .
jordan 's sharp crack of laughter exploded like a pistol shot , and he threw his head back , laughing with uncontrollable mirth until he finally managed to drag enough air into his lungs to choke , `` yes , alexandra ...
alexandra was scarcely able to drag her voice through the mirth in her chest .
it took six glasses of whisky and two hours to drag the story out of the reluctant footman .
while robert could bound out of bed feeling fit and alert , she had to drag herself up onto the pillows , where she usually spent a full half hour staring vacantly at the room , forcing herself to wakefulness .
`` what if they are n't homer ' she gasped as elizabeth took , pity on the elderly farmer and began helping him drag one of the trunks down .
`` what do n't you believe-that i wanted to drag you behind the hedges then and there and make you melt in my arms ?
i 've got all i can do to keep this trial from becoming a massacre , and you drag me out here in the middle of the most damning testimony yet ! ''
over the phone he would know something was wrong and drag it out of her .
i wanted to drag my teeth across those lips too .
lou ( 10 mins ago , 9:50 a.m. ) : either you get your ass to my office or i 'll drag your ass here .
`` i 'm sorry i had to drag you out of bed in the middle of the night for this . ''
i drag my finger over his bottom lip .
i reach under her skirt and drag her panties down her legs .
he 's shaking his head and looks like he wants to drag my ass off the stage and spank it for real .
she 'd probably raised her intracranial pressure tenfold trying to drag that behemoth of a bag .
the urge to drag him down and devour that teasing smile right off his luscious lips drilled a hole in her midsection .
her flesh fluttered around his advance , hot and tight almost beyond endurance , seeming to drag him inside and trying to push him out at once , begging for his invasion while resisting it .
he caught her hand in midair , his jaw , his whole being rigid fighting the need to drag her by that supple hand , crush her beneath his aching flesh , ride her .
he shook her , frantic to drag her back to him , to keep her there .
it was all he could do now not to drag her to the floor and just have her .
selene woke up after a harrowing night of wrestling with tentacles trying to drag her into a bottomless abyss .
either way , judar and zohayd would be destroyed in civil wars that would drag the whole region into chaos .
dylan found himself wanting to drag her to bed so he could have her all to himself for a lot longer than dinner .
he dipped back inside her , and she felt her muscles clench , wanting to drag him in .
lexi , find me later when vincent gets here , and i 'll drag his stubborn ass over to meet him . ''
she was about to crawl under her desk and drag it out when her phone rang .
`` just drag it into the laundry room like you always do .
the apartment was a walk-up and i was n't relishing having to drag the suitcases up three flights of stairs .
the last thing i wanted to do was to drag you into this .
he looked like he just gotten out of jail and had ridden to the bar on his motorcycle to find a woman , club her over the head , and drag her out the back door un-conscious .
`` i was just wondering how long it would take if we stayed here before someone sent a search party to drag us back . ''
it seems we wo n't get anything of any value said or done before we indulge your need to harp about the past and drag out the sordid details .
he let her drag him down , only to bury his face in her neck , her breasts , growling jolts of molten agony to the very depths of her .
and the fire seemed to reach out and drag him in. < br/ > it was that please .
it was either that or drag her to him and bite into hers .
he held out his hand , inviting , placating , coaxing , barely holding back the need to reestablish the connection , to drag her into his arms .
sinking deeper in the sensory overload realm , she tried to drag him on top of her as he put her on the bed .
her heart thudded as she watched him drag his weakened leg , leaning heavily on his walking stick as he limped to the first chair in his reception area and collapsed heavily onto it .
when ferruccio let her up for air , looking down at her as if he 'd haul her over his shoulder and storm off to his bed-or drag her down to the floor-she dazedly turned to her companions .
her hands flailed over his shoulders , trying to drag him back to her .
`` my mother used to drag me away every time i tried to talk to her .
as he let his mass drag him down , meeting the ground with extended arms , he had an upside-down view of the man 's waiting silhouette .
she had no power to drag him back into them .
she cried out , tried to drag him up , but he resisted her , raised his head , the words cutting him on their way out .
she struggled with the urge to reach up to grab his raven mane , drag his witty venom-dripping lips down to hers .
he let her drag him to dahabeyah , only to start emptying what he 'd packed in the horse 's saddlebags .
he thought that if he did , she 'd drag him deeper into this ... affinity he was finding more disturbing than anything he 'd ever experienced .
before she could drag him down for that kiss she 'd been starving for , her tormentor 's hands on her shoulders aborted her surge .
he forced himself not to pounce on her , drag her back into the room and make her admit her need and give him another chance .
in spite of everything , all she wanted now was to drag him inside and lose herself in his greed and possession , have him reclaim her from the wasteland he 'd cast her into , devour her , finish her ... `` ringrazia dio for that way you look at me , bellissima ... . '' he walked her back until he had her plastered against the wall .
unable to bear the emptiness inside her that only he could fill , she tried to drag him over and inside her .
whatever you needed to drag me here for , you could have tried telling me the truth first ! ''
`` yet you 're letting someone who has and does drag you down to his level , when you should contain him and his petty aggressions . ''
why , after she 'd suppressed it for years until she 'd thought she 'd been cured , had it taken only his reappearance to drag it out of her depths ?
his smirk made her want to drag him to her by the hair to taste those heartlessly sensual lips-and to bite them off .
everything else was receding , leaving only the need to drag him on top of her on the lush lawn , open her body to his invasion , writhe beneath him as he thrust her to ecstasy ... . `` you might as well stop fighting the inevitable now . ''
during their last visit hours ago , her family had wanted to drag her to more dress fittings , had shooed jalal away so he would n't accidentally see the dress they might decide on .
other than the politician , the most interesting people at the party were the drag queens .
in the bathroom , he pulled back the shower curtain and found michael and the short , chubby drag queen in the tub .
one cop was manhandling the short drag queen who had been blowing michael , and another was looking down at the bird glued to the redheaded woman 's hat .
but he did n't want to drag it out .
jase took a long drag from the cigarette and said , `` could n't hurt . ''
twenty five years younger , she reminded luis even more of an old drag queen from alaska .
pointing to his lunch in the trash , he asked , `` did you just leave that sitting somewhere while you read cosmopolitan or did you also drag the sandwich over the sidewalk on your way back to the office ? ''
he slowly chewed , seeming to drag it out as long as possible before answering .
ava thought the visits with their grandfather were more about her parents having a couple of weeks away without having to drag their kids along than any real family bonding time .
he allowed me to drag him down , his palms flat on the bed by my shoulders , his biceps thick and hard .
and only minutes after shed kissed him and made him want her with a surprising ferocity , shed had to drag her feet back into his cabin .
derek couldnt seem to drag his eyes away from the smile that used to have such an effect on him .
and he wanted to drag me into his world .
when i could drag my gaze from his body , i drank in the sight of his face .
when he finally broke away to drag in a breath , my head lolled , my gaze on the tv screen .
`` i like to get to know someone before they drag me out past centerfield . ''
i knew about seventy percent of them by name at least , but the thought of talking to all of them and explaining my `` laryngitis '' was going to make it ten times the drag it had to be .
maybe i drag him down .
the plaster cracks over every inch of the city twisted themselves into a net that wanted to catch me and drag me away from antonio .
breath by breath she was on the verge of losing the anna davis she 'd always been against cole 's hands as they slid slowly against her slickly aroused skin , his mouth as it dropped softly to her clitoris , drawing the tight , hard bud into his lips so that he could drag his tongue over it .
when the apartment building had collapsed around tony and his body had been pinned beneath a thick ceiling beam , the other firefighters had n't been able to drag him out .
moments later , he was inside the trailer and saw that the voice he 'd heard belonged to a young girl who was trying to drag her mother 's limp body out of a back room and down the dark , narrow hallway to the door .
but it was the first time he was n't going to head in to drag the body out .
she would n't drag them into her mess .
such a sexy smile that he could n't drag his gaze from the upturn of her lips as she said , `` but since i love knowing that i 've been tempting you all this time accidentally , how about i tempt you some more on purpose ? ''
we will drag up every dirty , messy , ugly thing you and your ancestors have done , personal and business , for the past hundred years .
he forced himself to drag his gaze away from those legs and look up at her face .
`` just because i was n't interested in her , she 's going to drag my name through the mud ? ''
you can drag me to an art gallery or something , whatever you want . ''
`` well , i just talked to imogen , and it turns out that she and tammy and the kids are all going down to texas next weekend , so it seems kind of pointless to drag everyone together for a dinner party on monday when they 're all spending the weekend together .
brushing her hair off her face , he paused to drag his finger across her bottom lip .
leaving her legs flat on the bed , open wide , suzanne let him take her , reveling in the hot swirling intimacy , the intensity he could drag out of her , the feeling of being his , only his .
the urge to kiss her was strong , but since they were n't alone , he resisted , settling for briefly touching the small of her back before letting hunter drag him off to the other side of the crowded table .
you 're a real drag tonight . ''
`` you 're a nutjob , '' she said , but she let him drag her onto the dance floor .
he had n't seen much the night before when he 'd been struggling to drag her into her apartment .
several small children were dancing in front of the band , looking totally adorable doing wild spins and silly kicks that would drag a smile out of satan himself .
they were n't going to be drag racing for an hour .
laughing , shawn let him drag her a few feet away .
then he fought the urge to drag shawn through the crowd and the explosion of pink and red hearts , and took a nice , steady pace instead .
but i combat the fear by drag racing with nolan .
i know my dad will drag me to some other town if they confront him .
his tenderness might have been the only thing that could drag zane 's gaze upward .
in his reluctance to drag his eyes away , he missed her making her next selection .
the latex would , however , have prevented him from feeling every whorl of every fingerprint drag along his nerves .
their front was stretched across his erection , a hard , curved ridge that pulsed beneath the heavy drag of her thumbs .
it 's pointless to drag your heels because you 're pretty sure it wo n't be fun . ''
the guy had youth on his side , but ryan managed to grab the back of his t-shirt and drag him to a stop on the dark street he 'd turned down .
heck , all the women who 'd tried to seduce him lately had made sure theirs were prominently on display , but none made him want to chuck all rational thought and drag the woman in question into the neighboring woods and make love until the sun went down-con-artist status be damned .
`` either you let me go or i drag you with me into the shower . ''
it was n't enough time for rick to drag the suspect 's sorry ass down to the station and see to it he was processed correctly .
the dress hugged her curves perfectly , making her body look more like a work of art than the bag of bones she 'd had to drag out of bed that morning .
in the end , doc fischer and the professor had to drag rafe out and lock the clinic door so he could n't get back in .
i deserve to be happy , to be with rafe , and not with some neanderthal who appeared out of the blue and wants to drag me back to his time where there are n't any other black people or running water . ''
`` drag me to some time and place , away from everyone and everything i know and love , where i am literally the only black person for hundreds of miles ?
she 'd have to drag out the steam cleaner if she did n't want it to stain or smell like milk gone bad in here .
grace let the wonderful aroma of a large pepperoni pizza drag her thoughts away from the book .
he shook his head as he reached one hand out to gently drag his forefinger down her cheek .
putting the lighter back in his pocket , he took a long drag on the cigarette , exhaled the smoke , then cast talon a sardonic , lopsided sneer .
zarek took a drag on his cigarette and laughed darkly .
`` yeah , '' rudy said as he took a drag on his cigarette , then adjusted his cards .
`` and how is it that you associate with drag queens , acheron ? ''
all you 've done is drag the dark-hunters into our fight , and knowing acheron , i 'm sure he wo n't be amused by this . ''
`` they 're still bound to the night and when something lives perpetually on the dark side of the moon , all you have to do is drag it into daylight to kill it . ''
she had to drag her gaze from him , back to arik .
she wanted to talk , but she was going to make him drag every word out .
everyone knows your wife cheats with anyone she can drag to her bed ... that the children you claim as yours are n't .
the moment xypher had learned to infiltrate dreams and shown his god powers , zeus had sent his minions out to drag him to olympus in chains .
his hands were tied in front of him so that the horse could drag him all the back to the palace .
if he breaks out into air supply , i say we sneak up on him , drag him outside and beat the holy shit out of him . ''
all you 've done is drag the dark-hunters into our fight and knowing acheron , i 'm sure he wo n't be amused by this . ''
`` 'cause i 'm betting dev has some shit he wants to drag me into and you can friggin ' forget it , bear . ''
even if i drag the devil with me to be there on time . ''
he grabbed noir 's wrist and tried to drag it from his throat .
ai n't nothing more scarring to a young mind than two straight men in drag , singing 'it 's raining men ' to me , and then telling me i was named after that song .
`` i only have one rule in life : no drag . ''
the gods knew , sumi would n't have waited five minutes to drag that lush piece of malehood into her bed and ride him until he begged her for mercy .
do n't drag your asses . ''
i tried to drag him with us , but he chose to stay with kyr , and that loyalty is what saved his life and his royal standing on phrixus .
he 'd fought too long and too hard to drag himself out of the streets and have a nice home for someone to come in and start destroying it .
no matter how hard we fight , no matter how hard we try , they sneak up on us and drag us back with a clarity that is as vibrant as it was when they first happened .
take my advice and do n't let your brother drag you down with him . ''
he 'd been forced to drag himself in to work to fix some problem no one else could solve .
he must have taken that as a sign to take off and drag her over the footbridge at the south end of the park .
but i ca n't get that information or help anyone stop these attacks if the tribunal is going to drag me in here every time there 's an attack .
storm 's attention stayed on the witch , who slowed long enough to drag poor , nak*d bernie to his feet , then exited the fight camp .
he released her hand , fighting the urge to toss her over his shoulder and drag her back to atlanta .
just as lothaire reached to grab her by her br**sts and drag one to his mouth ... he caught the scent of her arousal .
when he could drag his gaze from her br**sts , his eyes followed the seam of her lithe thighs all the way up to the shadow beneath her skirt .
when she could drag her gaze up , she was treated to his entire body in all its nak*d glory .
that 's how long i was here before i had my servants drag me back .
`` wonder what your title was , '' he says , distracting himself from the sudden urge he has to drag her down on the trail and cover her body with his .
what a drag , '' i say dryly .
the thick drag of him along my inner thigh .
i drag my bag into the terminal .
hooking a finger beneath the fabric , he pulls my soaked underwear aside , licking me directly in a long , firm drag of his tongue .
she takes another long drag , the tip burning orange in the dim light .
once inside , i do n't bother to reach for the lights , unwilling to drag my hands away from his body even long enough to find the switch .
as a publicist , there were times when she had to climb into the muck and drag her clients out of it , ensuring that they came out all shiny .
chandler had to drag her into the shops , which she conveniently argued did n't carry the kind of clothing she 'd wear .
there was no sign of her yet , and he hoped he did n't have to go in there and drag her out .
he did n't want me to walk , and while catering to my leg usually made my skin itchy and too tight , i did n't say anything as he circled the main drag a few times until a spot opened up between sara creed and the den .
a horrible sinking feeling tried to drag me down through the carpet with the truth of what he was about to do .
ice drenched my veins as i tried to drag in my next breath , but it got stuck in my throat .
derek shrugs , taking another long drag of his beer and then settling his eyes on the brunette tucked into the tight space beside me on the couch .
i 'm only going to drag you down with me while i figure it out . ''
i 've seen the uncle drag his feet up the steps as if his construction boots are made of bricks , a brown liquor bag in hand .
there was still a part of me that wanted to cave , to drag him back and tell him to stay , to sleep with him and feel that incredible intimacy and sensual closeness i 'd never felt with anyone else .
you said you wanted to protect us from the public eye , not drag us out in front of it ! ''
kyle took another drag off her e-cigarette , her eyes on cary as he leaped above dr. travis 's head and made a slam dunk .
what was important enough to drag him away from me on a weekend ?
i seize it and let it drag me back from the brink .
dr. stayner will drag it right back where it 's impossible to avoid , like a buffalo carcass sprawled out on a one lane highway .
the atmosphere in the room feels thicker suddenly , as my lungs work hard to drag air in and push it out , those dark eyes of his searching mine for an answer .
i obey , and he lets out a groan as he turns my body and pulls my legs over the side of the bed , pausing to let his eyes drag the length of my frame .
the sound of clattering beer bottles stops and i drag my feet back to the walk-in fridge , where i find ginger ass-up in her shorts , leaning over a keg , trying in vain to move it .
to my pleasant surprise , cain does n't waste a moment , rolling my hand within his to drag his thumb down my palm , sending sparks through my body .
i reach up and slowly drag my finger along the bump , feeling it move with his hard swallow .
i stare at them , wondering how long he 's going to drag this out , as he moves the gun from my mouth , sliding it down my chin , following the contour of my throat .
`` cain , why the hell did you drag me all the way here to give you this information ?
it would have wanted to drag its victim back to its lair to lay eggs in her skin while she was still alive .
if she hid behind the desk , miranda would simply drag her out and haul her to her room .
`` no point hiding till they drag us out , is there ? ''
as it raised its arm , tessa caught hold of sophie 's wrist and began to drag her toward the stairs .
they drag their belts in lines across the floor , their oily black tongues sliding over the edges of their dark mouths .
why drag her into your foolishness ? ''
but i can still drag you out of the malibu house for weekend runs , right ? ''
gritting my teeth , i drag the blade down .
i cough and drag myself to my feet .
i drag my shaking hands through my hair .
there 's no need to drag her here and interrogate her . ''
they drag me down the hallway .
he touches his forehead and lets his hand drag down the side of his face .
`` you can either get up or i can drag you down the hallway .
she groans , but it does n't stop her ; as i drag myself toward the gun , she sinks her teeth into my hand .
i grab david by the collar and drag him around the corner , pain searing through my left arm .
i press my lips to her shoulder , drag my nose up her neck , and growl in her ear .
the drag of his skin across my breasts burns and aches , pleasures and soothes , and when he lifts his chest away i need it back .
it took a second for rachel to drag her brain from warp speed .
the best i can do is to drag you to the carpet by the hair after you drop .
she used his shoulders to drag herself upright and pressed her mouth to his neck .
for the first time in a year , that thought did n't drag him down .
the man 's wife scurried past us and grabbed her husband 's elbow to drag him away .
i scrunched my face and flexed my legs , trying to drag out the moment , to let it last forever and ever and ever .
`` did my sister drag you to her support group ? ''
while he works on my clothes , i drag his shirt off over his head .
`` are you going to tell me what 's going on , or do i have to drag it out of you one syllable at a time ? ''
i 'd rather not drag anyone else into that .
if you really love me , you should fight for us-to be together until the end-until they drag me away . ''
`` if you 're going to kill me , i 'd rather not drag this out playing guessing games . ''
i sat there- '' he pointed across from the cell , `` -i watched the keeper drag a woman in-tied up , unconscious .
he asks , taking a long , hard drag on the cigarette .
she takes a drag on whatever she 's smoking .
`` i think i can go out without having to drag jeff garnet into my life , '' i say .
mom stands inside my room and annoyingly knocks on my door until i drag myself from rem dreams .
`` i 'm not taking no for an answer , '' mom says , and she proceeds to drag ellis from the chair and up the steps .
i drag my head up from my pillow and squint at my cell in disbelief .
she takes another drag .
`` i could try and drag fiona along , '' i suggest .
`` just remember who you drag along to all those foreign movie nights in the city . ''
i drag him back around .
he likes to drag me along sometimes .
if you 're not out front , i 'll come drag you out myself . ''
`` just take an arm and drag .
i wait a while longer , then go and drag over a chair from the next table .
her mom 's fugue state had been replaced with wild-eyed nights spent painting in her studio ; grace had to physically drag her downstairs to meet arthur , red paint still staining her fingertips like blood .
dakota tried to fill the empty air between them , rambling about how busy he 'd be in the studio , how he could n't drag her across the country ; her career , and his bandmates .
trust grace to start speaking to her long enough to drag down hallie 's good mood .
no wonder she was trying so hard to drag her off to the vip section , alice realized .
i drag my eyes over to laken and wes .
the strong arms drag me to the kitchen where the air is stale with a strange brand of silence .
her eyes drag heavy across the floor as she takes a step in the opposite direction .
it takes everything in me not to drag him into the bushes , have my way with the boy i lost sleep over and fantasized about until the sun came up .
the thought of wes tucking me in at night exhilarates me-makes me want to drag him there right now to rehearse the effort .
i snatch at branches , grab onto rocks , and drag my hands across the grass in an effort to slow it down .
i take in several hard gulps then drag my lips over the incision to dull the pain .
i press my lips against his neck and drag a line down his chest with my tongue , causing his stomach to flinch .
leave , or i will call security to drag you out . ''
the sound of the pouring rain increased in volume and i forced myself to drag my gaze back to adrian 's face , which was looking down at me with both concern and curiosity .
`` it 's in an hour , '' he told me , ignoring my failed attempt at trying to drag my own suitcase .
then , when i actually go out during my lunch break , you come into the diner like a caveman and drag me away from someone who i actually enjoyed sitting with !
i called out pathetically before adrian could drag me away .
allen cursed to himself , making my gaze drag away from my best friend to give the man a look of disbelief .
he begins to move a little faster , and with every drag of the head of his cock , the nerves in my pussy shoot sparks of electricity up my spine .
i sigh and drag my fingertips down his cheek .
i drag my eyes up to his again .
if she 's already downstairs working , i 'm going to drag her ass back up here and bury myself in her for the next few hours .
i wrap my arms around him and drag my nails down his back .
i point out interesting tid bits of information for will and drag him from room to room .
she boosts her hips up as i snag the hem of the shorts in my fingers and drag them , along with her panties , over her hips , down her long legs , and toss them onto the floor .
i drag my fingers down his cheek and smile up at him .
i stop and lean my hands on the countertop , staring at my own refection , water dripping , panting , trying to drag enough air into my lungs .
`` oh , caleb , '' i murmur and drag my fingertips down his cheek .
i nod slowly and drag my fingers down the beading condensation on my glass .
fingertips drag lazily up and down my arm , sending shivers down my body , pulling me out of a deep , restful sleep .
`` god , you 're beautiful , '' i whisper and drag my fingers down her cheek .
`` um , we just- '' `` i want you there , '' i whisper and drag my fingertips gently down her cheek .
my chest is heaving as i try to drag air into my lungs , glaring up at jax from the floor .
`` oh yeah , i 'm an expert , '' i reply and wish again that he were with me so i could drag my fingertip down that sexy v. `` okay , now you tell me what you 're wearing . ''
her fingertips dig into my arms when i drag the soapy puff through her folds one last time before dropping it to the floor so i can rinse her off .
i nod at sam and drag mer behind me to the elevator and punch the button to go up .
when he kisses my nose and forehead again , i drag my hands over his hips and am about to circle his hard , thick cock when he catches my wrists in his hands and holds me away .
they 'll be yours before long , i think and drag my fingertips down her cheek .
i drag my hands down his back to his ass and grip him firmly as i raise my knees high against his sides , opening myself up to him .
`` no time , '' i reply , and take my cock in my hand , but instead of plunging right inside her , i drag the tip of my cock through her wet folds , up around her clit and back down again , and then i let it simply rest against her pussy and lean in to take her mouth again .
unable to resist touching her for one more moment , i drag my knuckles down her cheek , and feel the flare of satisfaction when her eyes close and she leans into my touch .
i grin and kiss her neck again , then drag my lips down to her shoulder and over between her shoulder blades .
a soft smile spreads over his face , and before he can respond , i rise up on my tip-toes , wrap my arms around his neck and press my lips to his in a quick , chaste kiss , then pull away and drag my hands firmly down his arms to his hands and clench them tightly in mine .
he lathers up his hands along with a wash cloth and begins to drag both over my skin , cleaning me up .
i drag my knuckles down her soft cheek and smile when her eyes flutter open and she presses her lips to my hand .
she barely even moves when i drag her out of the seat and pick her up to carry her into the house .
i drag drew back into the room and offer him up as an assailant and then refresh sarah 's memory on how to cause him bodily harm .
i drag my hair down around my face and lean into drew 's back like i 'm wasted , just until we can get through everybody and out the door .
i did n't drag her anywhere and i have n't gotten her drunk since the first night .
jake opened his eyes and took another drag from the bottle .
you do n't drag him down when he 's already circling the toilet . ''
but stone 's got the money to drag it out if that option 's to be had . ''
luckily , there were dry logs stacked at the sides as well as kindling and they even had matches that were made of very long , slim pieces of wood that i had to drag across the stone of the hearths but they made starting a fire a snap .
any empty trunks , i carted to the front door so i could drag them to the stables tomorrow .
valentine yelled , sounding panicked and when this did n't work she screamed , `` drag her ! ''
maybe he just was n't the kind of guy who held hands during knockdown , drag out warrior fights .
he bent and used dortak 's hair to drag the still living but definitely fallen warrior within five feet of my throne , leaving his legs behind .
i 'll admit , i 'll drag my feet on stuff i do n't want to do but eventually i 'll do it .
`` now , as brilliant as it is to have your soft body under mine in an actual bed , my love , i need to drag you out of it , feed you and we need to be on our way . ''
tracks and drag marks in the snow leading along the front of the house and around the corner .
after she 'd left sean , her heart in tatters and her self-esteem so low she had to dig a ditch to drag it around after her , with the added burden of living a life as the unwanted daughter , julia had decided she did not ever want another man .
she took a drag from her cigarette and blew the smoke away from julia .
`` one rule , '' she ignored him , `` whatever it is you 're after , you do n't drag the children into it . ''
while his tongue played with hers , she made a soft mew that he could swear he felt to his very soul and then he felt her nails , made less harsh through her gloves , drag down his back .
he bent his head to drag his lips lazily from the soft spot behind ear to where her graceful neck met her shoulder while his left hand stole around her waist and pulled her against his body .
he fought his body 's demand to drag her back into bed while she looked over her shoulder and out the door .
sibyl took seized her opportunity to drag colin to her office and , once there , she closed the door .
but he had to be lonely after losing his wife and she was always lonely ( though isabella was n't certain she was going to share that ) and they should n't mistake what they had for something more and they certainly should n't drag the children in it .
fiona giggled to herself because she thought that bella drag racing was funny , especially prentice 's reaction to it when fergus called and told him it happened .
`` until you understand why i 'd drag you to my room to f**k you .
`` give your mom and me a second , girl , '' dad said , as if he had n't just , seconds earlier , tried to drag her into the discussion .
they had a chow dog named chowleena who gave more attitude than either tod or stevie , and as tod was the top drag queen in denver , this meant chowleena threw a lot of 'tude .
he did n't wait for an answer and he , nor matt , reacted to me administering to a from-the-ankles-down drag queen .
tod got up , taking his gun with him , patted his leg to call chowleena and said to me , `` got a fund raiser tomorrow night , you on drag duty ? ''
stevie and i were tod 's alter-ego , burgundy rose 's official drag hags .
`` it 's a drag show for charity .
it was so smoky you could barely see and it was chock full of drag queens , their partners , fag hags and other hangers on .
`` you know , you would n't even want a man who would n't go back to save someone 's mother and a drag queen . ''
`` drag duty , saturday night .
back then , i 'd drag in after visiting her in the hospital .
these were borrowed from indy 's next-door neighbor who was denver 's top drag queen .
eddie started to drag me toward the door .
tod did my makeup on a level one half notch down from ful -on drag and daisy did my hair in the only way she knew how .
i tensed , waiting for him to throw back the covers and drag me out of bed .
he 's a drag queen .
i figured luke would probably like the wedding summit slash drag queen closet trawl a hel uva lot less than shopping .
* * * * * we were al upstairs in the second bedroom , known as burgundy 's room , ( burgundy rose was tod 's drag queen alter-ego ) and we were al staring in disbelief at annette .
tod , they told me , was denver 's top drag queen , his alter ego known as burgundy rose .
by the way , when tod was n't a drag queen both stevie and tod were flight attendants .
`` why 'd you drag me out of there ? ''
`` you do , it 'll be embarrassing for you when i drag your ass out of there . ''
`` do i have to drag you in front of a mirror ? ''
he 'd made his announcement after everyone had checked in to see with their own eyes that tex was stil breathing so everyone was around to get the news firsthand and witness the knockdown , drag out fight that ensued .
then again , he had drag queen outfits to buy and something had to pay for them so off he went , grumbling and/or throwing attitude al the way .
five , drag shows were great .
second , hector showed up during the third drag queen who was singing `` i will survive ' .
his big head was bouncing to gloria gaynor and , well , this big , crazy guy getting into a drag queen lip syncing to gloria gaynor was just plain old funny .
i had n't yet recovered from my encounter with the drag queen when hector took my hand in his , firmly in his , and without a word to me or anyone , he walked me out the front door through the parking lot , straight to his bronco .
eddie shook his head because it was beyond his comprehension why a father would want to drag his daughter into a life of crime .
you do it again , i 'll drag you out of here by your hair .
`` since it 's you , i 've decided to find this amusing rather than drag your ass outta here and tell you to get your head out of it , '' he declared .
tod was a drag queen and a flight attendant .
this meant that sitting around daisy 's stage in chairs she got marcus 's boys to drag in were indy , jet , roxie , stella , sadie , daisy , shirleen , annette , tod , buddy , lottie , nancy , ada , smithie and one of smithie 's three women ( yes , three ; do n't ask , just know it works ) lateesha .
and i wo n't drag the rock chicks into it .
he would just drag her down .
her body , unfortunately , was stuck in school , and every class seemed to drag on and on forever .
they went to the shoreline , where the sand was no longer loose enough to drag against their shoes but packed hard by the departing tide .
a wave crashed high enough to soak her jeans with near-freezing water , and drag her another couple of inches down .
knowing it was an indication for me to sit down , i wrap a hand around the back of the chair and drag it on its back legs into the light before doing so .
he 's simply wanting to drag out his moment of pause longer than it needs to .
reaching up with both hands , i drag them through the top of my dark hair , clenching my teeth and biting back the roar sitting behind my tongue .
her head falls back against the pillow and i drag my tongue across the gentle slope of her throat exposed to me , until my mouth finds her lips again .
leaning forward , i place the edge of the knife against the bare skin of her shoulder and drag it down the length of her arm without cutting her .
she wanted to drag me out to a party somewhere , get drunk , have some fun .
and he should 've been , because he knew what i was thinking : that i was ready to drag him to the closest tattoo shop .
`` tell that warped sister of hers to go f**k herself and you drag bray 's ass home with you .
there 's a drag show going on inside , the place is packed .
ford wanted to drag her into his arms .
but when her fingers began to clench on his shirt , and all it would have taken was one slight shift to push him away and end the kiss before it really even got a chance to begin , she grabbed the cotton , instead , to drag him even closer .
and if i thought there was a chance in hell that you 'd say yes to marrying me now , i 'd drag you out to have marcus 's mother marry us in the middle of this vineyard with your whole family here to be a part of it . ''
`` no , '' he said as he reached out to drag her against him , `` that 's not even close to what i 'm trying to tell you . ''
mia could barely drag her narrowed gaze away from the fan who by now was practically topless .
the bodice of her elegant silk dress was down around her waist , and the delicate fabric was badly wrinkled from where he 'd grabbed it in his fist to drag it up by the hem as he 'd moved between her legs to take her .
`` you taste so good , '' she whispered when he finally managed to drag himself away from her mouth .
forcing himself to drag his gaze from hers , he picked it up , and when he slid that lock of hair back behind her ear before slipping on the helmet , she trembled .
sweet lord , all he wanted was to drag her into the bedroom , tear her clothes off , and take her fast and hard .
and even though any man with a hint of manners would have insisted on carrying in her heavy suitcase , grayson let her drag it from her car and up the porch steps all by herself .
so tempting to stay right here in this dark and deserted corner where he 'd parked , and drag her onto his lap , even though he had been fantasizing all week long about making love to her in his bed .
when they finally drew apart to drag much-needed oxygen into their lungs , he let himself appreciate the few precious seconds he had left of valentina still being soft in his arms , her eyes cloudy with stunned pleasure .
desire rose again , fast and hot , and she wanted so badly to thread her hands through his soft hair and drag his mouth to one of the places she really needed it .
`` first woman you 've ever really cared about , and the best you can do is drag her in here to have a quickie on your desk ? ''
and i want you there to drag into the shower with me to make up for not having the energy to make love to you the night before . ''
he groaned and tried to pull her closer , but as much as she wanted to let him drag her beneath him to make their morning even more perfect , first she needed to wiggle out from beneath his arm to find his various alarms and turn each of them off .
and when he was putting her hat back on her head and her eyes had gone all dreamy , he sure as hell should n't have felt the crazy urge to drag her against him and kiss that soft mouth .
needed to grip the luscious curve of her hips with his other hand to drag her in closer .
how could she say , the point is that if you drag me to vegas today and make me say `` i do '' because i 'm carrying your children , then you never even have to try to fall in love with me .
sliding his axe back into its holster , he reached for the hose and started to drag it inside , but it would n't move .
lori pulled back in his arms and he forced himself to drag his gaze away from nicola .
he could n't manage to drag his eyes from his date .
despite the fact that her body was crying for his touch , regardless of how good it would feel to drag him down on the floor with her so that she could climb over him and take him into her , she wanted this more .
the first time they 'd tried lunging him , he 'd hauled chester after him , turning the lead line into a towrope and the man into a drag anchor .
mels took the whole getting-dressed effort slowly , although the foot drag was n't just about being a good little patient .
standing on the loose pea gravel of the drive , he took a drag of his cigarette and then held the thing in his left hand .
man , immortality could be a real f**king drag when you did n't give a shit about anything .
rather than get into a dick-toss , jim took off , hitching another hold under that armpit and falling back into the half drag .
superior strength was leveraged to drag the victim into the cut-through , into further darkness as more streetlights were willed off .
jim took another drag on his cigarette .
taking a drag on his cigarette , he tilted his head back and blew out a steady stream .
jim took a long drag .
after taking a drag on his cigarette , he turned his fingers into claws and penetrated the fault line he 'd created in the plaster , prying the cast apart until it cracked free and fell off .
as adrian 's forkful of eggs went back down to his plate and the other angel did some more swearing , jim lit up a marlboro and took a nice long drag .
he walked forward because ... what else was he going to do- more with the wind , pushing up against his chest as he ambulated , creating a drag he had to fight against .
when he came back into the kitchen , he had his cigarettes and his lighter-and he waited until he had a live one between his lips and had taken his first drag before he answered her .
she looked over at him as he took a drag on his cigarette and the tip burned bright orange .
the roaring of the flatbed 's engine brought his head back up , his eyes shifting over as the winch began to drag his ruined ride off the snowpack .
blay took another drag and released the smoke .
wrenching the wheel , he sent them into a tailspin , hoping that the same laws of physics that applied to out-of-control cars could translate here : no brakes , limited field , and the only way to slow their momentum was drag coefficient .
qhuinn had to shut his eyes as he felt his thighs get parted and a pair of fighter 's hands drag up the inside of his legs .
every time i do it , however , the effort appears to drag me down further .
the thing was screwed onto one of those old-fashioned holders , the kind that females tended to use , and as he brought the end to his lips to take a drag , the tip extended out past the edge of the chair .
xhex was right by his side , his dagger hand in between her palms , her brows down as if she 'd wanted to come into the midnight of his pass-out and drag him back to her .
a fresh influx of turkish tobacco hit wrath 's nose , suggesting the brother had just taken a deep drag .
yes , there were twenty-four-hour clinics open in the city , but it had taken all the energy he 'd had left to drag himself home-and he 'd been too ashamed to call anyone for help .
that was the main drag , and on friday nights everyone congregated at the ball fields that were straight across from the dairy queen .
i took a drag from my cigarette .
he lit a cigarette and took a drag .
trenton pulled one out of my mouth and took a drag .
as he watched the guards drag them away , a slow smile wound across his lips .
i drag my feet into the bathroom and turn on the light .
i saw lucky in the corner smiling at some guy who was grinning at her like a fool , and i felt the sudden urge to run in and drag her away with me .
i could n't drag my eyes away from him .
class seemed to drag on and it was all i could do to not end it early .
a pair of guards burst into the room , but unlike my first night in somerset , they did n't try to drag me off to the safe room .
i expected the days in eden manor to drag , but instead their repetition made them go by quickly .
`` what , you mean when i was trying to drag you back from total oblivion ? ''
`` i 'll have to drag you to some wedding events .
at first emma felt relieved that she would n't be the only one trying to drag the innkeeper from his bed .
he took another drag on his cigarette , letting the silence stretch as he leaned against one of the posts that supported the overhang .
preston could tell max thought those two simple words would be enough to drag him from his computer , but it was n't even noon yet , and the boy had eaten plenty for breakfast .
she was about to drag it to the entrance when she remembered the box of barbie dolls she 'd packed up when she was twelve .
`` oh boy , we would n't want to drag that out .
by the time they 'd gone through several pages , the memories crashed over madison like waves , hard and fast , threatening to drag her out to sea .
smoked curled toward the ceiling from his cigarette as he clasped it between two dirty fingers and took another drag .
he had to capture each word , chase it around in his head , then drag it to his mouth .
she had to fight to drag herself out of the black abyss .
when he returned to find adelaide unable to drag herself off the couch , he offered to help her , too .
but she could n't come up with any good reason a man would break into her bedroom just to hit her a few times and drag her off to the jepson mine .
`` hell , no , '' he grumbled before noah could drag him into the kitchen .
he was so wasted he could hardly stand , and yet he tried to drag her out of the mine .
`` it was n't worth it to me to drag the damn thing out .
next thing i knew , rifle was trying to drag me from my bed . ''
she 'd been told americans were infidels , that he 'd drag her down to hell if she even spoke to him .
crossing her ankles beneath the steering wheel , she took a long , calming drag .
and to make her christmas even merrier , she 'd most likely have to drag her sister back to rehab .
he took a long drag before flicking away the ashes .
if he was n't careful , he 'd drag her down before she could pull him up .
although simon did n't want to accept it , she halfway believed that ian had told tex where they were because he was hoping tex would drag simon back .
do n't let your sense of duty drag you into making a bad situation worse .
she wanted to run outside and drag big gulps of air into her lungs .
squinting toward the large piles of manure , now covered with black plastic , that would fertilize his parents ' fields once spring arrived , mike took another drag on his cigarette .
there were footsteps going every which way , but if she tried to drag herself through it , she 'd be frozen before she got ten yards , and ray would easily be able to follow her oddlooking trail .
allie had more to say but , fortunately , beth ann managed to drag joe outside .
he did n't want to drag her down with him .
ever since grace had helped drag his body down the porch steps , where clay loaded it into a wheelbarrow , she 'd spent almost every night fearing she 'd wake up to find the reverend staring in her bedroom window .
his stare hardened , and he took another drag on his cigarette .
i wo n't drag grace 's most tragic moments out for everyone to see .
watched them drag the body from the house ?
he 'll drag you outta here and you wo n't be comin ' back , and not 'cause he took you home .
fortunately , she 'd caravanned with a friend who gave her babysitter a lift so she would n't need to drag her kids out of bed .
all he had to do was shoot the old lady , hide her car in the barn and drag latisha home .
no reason to drag that into it .
you think i 'd drag my ass out of bed just to catch you two screwing around ? ''
now that i 've climbed out of that black hole , i ca n't let him or anyone else drag me back down . ''
he 'd drag his father into the garage , out of sight , and clean up the blood .
then she sank her teeth into tiffany 's shoulder , drawing blood before colin could drag her off .
i expected to drag you from your bed .
and , in the morning , she 'd drag him out of her bed just in time for them to make it to work .
and she did n't want to leave whiterock for fear the mystery would drag on forever .
i really do n't want to drag myself out of bed right now .
he took another drag before responding .
the phone , ringing upstairs , made him pause just as he began to drag her off his couch .
i 'll find someone to drag along on saturday , '' she grumbled .
but she 'd barely taken her first drag when danielle stuck her head out the door .
she took a final drag on her cigarette , which had burned all the way to the filter .
just when he seemed ready to finish , he 'd hold off and wait a few minutes , trying to drag the session out as long as possible , and he did that over and over again .
he tried to drag her the few feet he had to move in order to reclaim it , but she understood his intent , and the panic that had immobilized her evaporated .
she grabbed his arm and tried to drag him to the door .
but she reacted as though he was trying to drag her into a grave with a rotting corpse .
she 'd promised herself she would n't cling to him , would n't drag him down .
it had to be a bunch of drunken kids drag racing , he decided .
it was too heavy to carry with any dignity , and she would n't get far trying to drag it .
`` do n't make me drag you out . ''
she grimaced and took another drag on her cigarette .
she 'd seen him drop his keys on the counter earlier , when they were struggling to drag delaney 's old bed outside .
`` why 'd i let you drag me here ? ''
she took a long drag on her cigarette , then set it aside to smolder .
she wanted to cover the scandalous dress she 'd borrowed from rebecca 's sister , drag rebecca outside and head straight home , snowstorm or not .
wren had to drag me away .
`` because all the church robes drag the ground ?
i said i was single , because i did n't want to drag you into all of this . ''
the footsteps soon turn to drag marks , as if whoever it was could no longer hold his own weight .
get your ass down there before i have to drag you to the balcony and throw you . ''
i knew what it was like to wake up every morning wondering if today would be the day i ran across a shield in a bad mood , and he would drag me into the street and shoot me in the head just because he had a gun and i did n't .
now come on , before i have to drag you by the hair . ''
the next few moments drag by , as there is nothing to do but stand there and wait for the poison to take effect .
there is no way i can drag him .
it was you who slandered our wives and sisters by trying to drag them off to the bushes to slake your lust . ''
when the door is flung open , two soldiers stride in , then drag me into the outer chamber .
but if you make one noise when you should not , make any attempt to escape , i will cheerfully kill you , then drag your body back to the abbess and the duchess .
the minutes drag into a quarter of an hour and still he does not come .
i might not say anything at all ; i might just knock you unconscious-i 'll need something heavy , i was thinking about that old yellow phone of yours-and drag you back to the office . ''
first rule of talking to a boy : never drag your ex into the conversation .
from the corner of my eye , i saw shaun drag his gun from the pocket of his parka .
each time , it took longer to drag myself upright .
i rose to my feet , feeling the weight of the gun drag at me .
i 'll drag you out of here . ''
i was amazed he had the strength to drag me , let alone himself , over the rough terrain .
now he understood why they had been traveling in pairs , better to pounce on a single target and drag him off .
the water stung like a bitch as i went under , and nadia had to drag me out of the deep end .
if you 'd gotten nadia to drag me out to a club somewhere to see a show i did n't want to watch and then suddenly , you 're onstage , dedicating a song to me . ''
i halfway wanted him to haul me in his arms , drag me to the hotel , and give me no choice .
i wanted to drag her back on the boat and stay in the cabin , f**king her every way possible until sunset .
i had to drag my attention to my brother when i could feel the heat of his anger blazing off the distance separating us .
the drag of her pointed ni**les across my chest , the soft suction of her body , the featherlight press of those sassy lips against my own and it was n't long before i had to roll her over and pound into her .
i needed to keep busy or the past was going to drag me under , and that was the absolute last thing i wanted or needed .
i could hear remy screaming at me to stop being an idiot , could hear my heart starting to slow down , and felt the pain start to drag me under and the fire shift from hot to freezing cold .
i had plenty of vacation time saved up : maybe i should try and drag her to the hot springs for a long weekend or something .
i levered up off of her , and when i pulled out , the drag of sensitized flesh against swollen folds made both of us groan a little .
he was already thick and turgid , so after that initial penetration , having that ring he was wearing stretch me apart even further , having it drag along my sensitive inner flesh with a rolling , warm glide ... it made me incapable of being able to do anything but feel .
how can you think i would drag you in here and scold you for doing something wrong ?
in this position he went deeper , i felt him more intensely , and the drag and pull of that little extra he was working with made stars dance in front of my eyes .
between the stroke of his fingers , the friction of the barbells , and just the general drag and pull from his cock , it did n't take too long for me to feel the end racing up on me .
if you think you 're embarrassed by the way i was when i lived under your roof , just wait until i drag out all the dirt that 's under my nails from the things i did to survive when you ran me off .
you have no idea the kind of skeletons i can drag out of the closet , and once something ends up on the internet , it never dies .
i followed maggie out to the porch and took a drag of someone 's cigarette .
inside me , i can feel the drag of his calloused fingers against the swollen tissues of my inner walls .
he shakes his head and takes a deep drag .
his hand hovers over my br**sts and then drops down to drag the blankets upright .
he raises his hand to bring donatello back , but i drag it down .
there are two burly bouncers standing behind kaga who are clearly ready to drag howe out of the vip section , willing or not .
hell , i want to drag her off and f**k her blind , working off the adrenaline that the attack had spiked , but now is n't the time .
grateful she found her own pleasure while i was lost in mine , i pull out and drag her panties down the rest of the way and sit on the edge of the bed .
pulling a sheet over her , i drag my ass out of bed .
they begin to drag him out of the atrium with kaga directing .
she ashes her cigarette before taking a drag off it .
feeling a little on the adventurous side , i snatch ahold of ayden 's hand and drag him to his feet .
`` you might want to think before you jerk off the blankets like that , '' i say to her as i drag my butt out of bed .
i nod then unfasten my seatbelt and drag my butt out of the car .
ella throws a glance at me yet easily lets renee drag her across the room with me trailing at their heels .
shaking thoughts of my best friend from my mind , i drag my ass out of bed and rush to pack some clothes into my duffel bag along with my sketchbook .
i lit up the cigarette in the house , which was something i never did then i took in the biggest drag .
i took another drag of my cigarette and came out of my hiding spot .
i watched him affix the small motor to the back and drag it into the water 's edge .
they were all holding drinks , and when susan , the now bitch-i-wanted-to-choke noticed chance was empty handed , she took it upon herself to drag him into the kitchen by his hand and attend to his thirst , or whatever else she had in mind .
ethan did n't have to drag me out of that house .
his eyes , focused on mine , blinked slowly as he leaned forward to drag his bottom lip over me there .
she tried to drag dad out a lot , but he only wanted to stay home in front of the television . ''
he rarely used them anymore , but he did n't want to drag kennedy onto a course without teaching her the basics first and getting an idea of her swing .
he ached to drag her into his arms , forgive her , love her , but that tiny piece of fear still clung because he knew that this time there was no turning back .
i have a gun tucked into my pants , and i 'm going to use every bullet before i let anyone drag me back into the brothel again .
i let him drag me .
regan 's question shakes me out of my fantasy , and i drag my attention back to the table and her question .
i roll off of him and my hands drag at his shoulders , trying to pull him over me .
`` it was just a suggestion , '' i say and drag my fingers through his messy hair .
i do n't wait for her to answer but drag her into my arms .
`` eat your food , '' i tell her , and then i drag myself toward my bag .
`` just drag those pretty tits out of your shirt and play with them while you suck my cock . ''
more men pull my mother up to her feet and drag her down to the garage staircase .
one hand curling around her waist , i drag her closer to me and whisper in her ear , `` i 'm not playing with you . ''
`` all i want lately is to drag you to bed and f**k you from behind , sideways , then several angles from up front , so every muscle in your body will remember me when you move today .
growling in defeat , i let go , panting as i catch my breath and drag my arm across my wet eyes .
i drag in a deep breath to calm down , but his hand sliding down the inside of my arm fucks up my thoughts .
his teeth sink into my earlobe and tug as he starts thrusting , the delicious drag of his cock stimulating all my nerve endings .
i love it so much , i impulsively drag my lips over his jaw , running my hands over that sexy buzz cut hair .
she managed to drag fletcher a little closer to the door .
they said your assistant and some stranger came along and helped you drag me out of the house . ''
always the one who got picked up when sheriff thorp heard about a midnight drag race out on river road . ''
`` is this where you used to stage your midnight drag races ? ''
`` you think it 's some kid who 's trying to goad you into a drag race ? ''
barnes has got more important things to do than come all the way over from vickston in the middle of the night to break up occasional drag races on river road .
with concentration she managed to drag some oxygen into her lungs .
i had seconds before my magic ran out and gravity would drag me down , and i had no power left to do it again .
she just could not bring herself to drag out a dull business suit .
he managed to drag his mouth away from hers long enough to kiss her smooth throat .
it 's obvious you 've got a bad case of hero-worship , but do n't try to drag me into the congregation . ''
verity knew she was n't going to be able to drag things out much longer .
`` then , after i made sure you were alive , i had to go back to that awful room and drag preston out on another sheet .
she lay passively beneath the assault , unable even to drag her mouth free of his .
he could n't just drag her out of here , she reassured herself .
she twisted restlessly under his hand and groped for him , trying to drag him down onto her .
i recall you once threatened to track me down and drag me back no matter how far i ran or where i hid .
any second now , mom would drag out the stoli hidden behind the jumbo-sized box of cascade and pound back the first slug of her evening .
mr. anderson kept his already-assembled experiments in a series of plastic tubs for days if he was really rushed and had n't time to drag equipment out of storage .
trying to drag dinner out , with miranda as a buffer between them .
he was hurting , vulnerable , and did n't want to drag her into his problems .
graham had been convinced once upon a time that any dilution of shifter blood weakened the pack and could drag down an entire clan .
fighting the flowers and vines was easier with his hands , and he managed to drag them from his face .
go kill the old lady on the porch and drag the hunter out of this damned house . ''
`` days will pass , the investigation into the ledger will drag on , until he 'll finally come forward and offer to simply settle this because he has nothing to hide .
he clutched the picture to his chest , trying to still his need to run up the stairs and drag deni to safety .
whoever found him-shifter or human-would want to drag him back to captivity , collars , and rules .
the two refs , big felines , were heading to grab maria and drag her out .
do n't let it drag you under , jack .
`` so you even managed to drag my sister into this mess . ''
holding jordan high enough not to drag him on the ground , spike carried his cub down the length of shiftertown .
before ronan could reach elizabeth , before he could shift and snatch her into his arms , a human male closed hands around elizabeth 's waist , lifted her from her feet , and started to drag her away .
his need shouted at him to forget about the bloody cabinet and drag rose to the carpet and finish this .
she heard another drag , thump , and rattle of a heavy branch .
`` so , tiger was afraid that if liam drove me home he might ... '' `` drag you off to bed and sex you 'til you screamed ?
`` if he resists , and you have to drag in his corpse , do it .
ian drew a long drag of his cigar and followed it with a sip of brandy , enjoying the acrid bite of smoke and the smoothness of the liquor .
`` oh , well , ian , if you are n't staying for breakfast , i 'll drag myself back to bed .
a lean , wiry man wrapped his hands around lan 's huge arm , but it was like a small dog trying to drag down a tree .
`` i have witnesses who saw him drag you out of that gambling den and hustle you here . ''
mac wanted to rush after her , grab her around the waist , drag her back into the house .
if you try to leave the house without me , i promise i will drag you back home , chain you up in the cellar , and feed you bread and water with my own hands . ''
payne , silhouetted by the brighter street beyond the passage , holstered his pistol , scooped mac up by his armpits , and began to drag him away .
he did n't waver under her weight and the drag of her skirts , cushions and all , as he strode for the door at the end of the conservatory and out into darkness .
he wanted to drag her to him for a long kiss ; he wanted to rip the buttons from her bodice and feast on the package inside .
what is this problem that made you drag yourself and your father down from the wilds of scotland ? ''
you had no need to drag me up here to tell me that .
the freaking thing must 've weighed three hundred pounds , and i had to drag it one-handed .
i drank my nasty medicine and connected the dots for them : garcia construction , drag marks of a towed vehicle , mechanic , check with gloria 's name on it , and gloria attacking me when i mentioned the knife .
if you 're in my territory by sundown , i 'll hunt you down and drag you before the clans to be tried for torture , abuse of a child , and whatever other charges our lawyers will level against you .
the planchette would then obligingly drag itself to the letters to spell out an answer-which supposed that the spirit was fluent in the language of the questioner and a reasonably good speller .
daniel was speaking again before violet could drag her thoughts together , and she only caught the last words .
i plan to drag you out of yourself , sweetheart , whether you like it or not . ''
`` quinn tried to drag me to the first one , but it 's not really my kind of movie . ''
i had to tackle the desire to chase after her car and drag her back to my apartment where she f**king belonged .
the last time a normal boy had flirted with me , dad had his security team drag him out of the mall by both arms .
if i had , he would have ordered his men to drag me back to his home using any force necessary , and that would n't do .
you did n't just drag him to a house filled with vampires ; you also let randy leave the basement during the battle while you stayed safe below .
but i was afraid that if i mentioned my car , he would want to see it , which would drag the date out longer .
he reasoned that if they were home , they were n't out drag racing the pink truck against mrs. vader 's volvo .
i 'd have to find a towel in the laundry room and drag it behind me all the way to the den-unless , of course , he heard me come in and called to me to ask me how my night went .
`` he could drag you into the bushes , '' harper said .
i 'll drag you into the bushes . ''
the ceiling itself was so high that the janitor had to use a special ladder when the bulb went out , which meant it was sometimes dark in here for days , with everybody falling all over each other trying to locate their instruments and drag them out of their cases .
we were already driving through the town 's main drag , past the shop where izzy worked , before i managed to stammer , `` i'm-i 'm sorry , will .
i had thought i would laughingly drag him into the space in front of the huge tv and he would flirtatiously back out again .
i took a drag anyway as i turned back to my mom , concentrating on not glancing down at my pocket where all my money was .
`` i can drag these banners around if they 're not hugely heavy , right ? ''
he took the opportunity to suck in another quick drag from his cigarette before he told her more somberly , `` that 's grayson 's problem .
now you 're saying you do n't want me to dress like a whore and stick up for myself when you drag me to a party thrown by your bitch friend who hates me and calls me trash to my face every time she sees me .
the backhoe plant , or for that matter any factory in the united states , would require three things of its employees that roger did not have and could not get : a clean drug test , references , and the ability to drag his ass into work more than two days in a row .
how grateful i was that he would hitch a ride across birmingham and drag his cool friends to his country high school football game to see me .
she was a drag , so preoccupied with her job that other people her age thought she was a snob .
something told me he would n't take no for an answer , and i did n't want to drag you and elijah into it . ''
people often had a beef with a casino employee and tried to drag the casino into their personal business .
he tapped ash onto the asphalt and took another drag .
he took a drag and sighed through his nose like he did when he was frustrated , but this time he exhaled smoke .
he took a long , thoughtful drag and exhaled as he spoke .
he flicked the lighter , touched the fire to the end of the joint , and took a long drag .
`` sorry to drag you up here on your one weekend of spring break left . ''
if i reached the surface and stayed there , i could skim along the tops of the waves , stroking parallel to the beach until i escaped the current that wanted to drag me under and out .
i would need to drag every detail out of him .
i think they really did drag race it on the way back to your house , but i told you that already . ''
act sane or he 'll drag us both back to the mental hospital .
i knew i was going to die , but i managed to drag myself away from the field where no one could find me .
i did n't like having to drag my clothes to the laundry room in college , but i did n't mind now that i had a washer and dryer in the condo .
by the time i reached the top stair i regretted the decision to drag them up myself .
`` i did n't drag a freezer into my dorm for no reason . ''
i was kind of waiting for him to go up to boston and drag you back . ''
`` i 'm sorry i 'm being a drag .
and i know this sounds absolutely crazy , but ... most days ... '' i stop in my thought , my almost confession , which might make jase drag me straight to a therapist if i tell him .
i drag myself to my room and head to the bathroom to shower .
not wanting to drag this out , i wrap my hand behind his neck , draw his head to mine , and kiss him .
when the doorbell rings , i drag myself to the door .
after i text her , i drag myself out of bed and into the kitchen to mix up some gatorade .
i drag my mouth down and along his jaw as he tangles his fingers in my hair .
i give her my address , and when there 's a knock on my door about thirty minutes later , i drag myself off the couch to see her standing on my doorstep .
i drag my tongue across her lip , smooth , soft .
i 'm ... '' i reach my arm behind her back and drag her off of the bed and onto my lap .
i drag my tongue over her nipple and suck it into my mouth , making her breathe my name for more .
`` babe ... '' as i lay her back down , i drag my lips along her neck as she holds on to the sides of my head while i keep trailing down .
when i do finally drag my lips away , i give her more of me when i say , `` you are the only reason there 's light in my life .
as my lips land on hers , i fix my hands on her hips and slowly drag them up her lace-covered body before finding the zipper and sliding it down .
when i roll on top of her , i drag my head down the center of her body , letting my lips move along her smooth skin .
as she rolls her head back , i drag my mouth up her exposed neck before i flip us over and sit up to keep our bodies close , with her legs draped on either side of me .
as i slowly drag my lips away from hers , she opens her eyes as she rests her head next to mine on the pillow .
i push my shorts down and drag both of her legs up around me .
i drag my eyes up to his .
why drag him away ? ''
motivated to drag my ass out of this bed .
i drag my eyes from his shirt to his face .
i grab her ankles and drag her to the edge of the bed , wrapping her legs around my hips .
i take a drag off my beer and move into the small talk portion of the evening .
i drag the head of my dick over her needy pu**y , teasing at the opening .
cock in hand , i drag the head across her pu**y and even with the warmth of the water raining down around us , i feel how hot and eager she is .
i drag her to me , holding her against my chest .
tuesday morning , i drag my ass into work-grumpy , disheveled , and feeling shitty-even though i slept like a rock .
warren takes a long drag , and puffs of smoke escape his lips as he mocks me .
i drag her up my body and her legs lock around my waist .
i drag myself off the bar stool in search of a game .
i drag the tip of my c**k up and down over her opening , savoring the feel of her hot wetness .
i pull away from her long enough to drag my shirt over my head .
i lean back to drag them down her legs .
i do n't even answer him ; i just drag him to me , tucking him under my arm and kissing the top of his head .
i watch her go , wanting to drag her back inside , but i know she will kick my ass if i try .
he shrugs , taking another drag before tossing the still-lit cigarette into the yard .
his body covers mine , his hands going behind my back , where i feel him unhook my bra then drag it down my shoulders .
we 'll be in touch , '' he says as he and another man drag vincent from the room while another man talks to layla , who is crying hysterically .
`` we 're not going to drag you to parties and things you do n't want to attend . ''
then he could drag falonar away from the others and find out what in the name of hell was wrong with the man .
`` she did n't say anything about seeing a man 's body until she wanted to show me something wonderful and tried to drag me out of bed . ''
at least we wo n't have to drag you to the wagon and dump you on top of the supplies . ''
since she was n't tall enough to throw her arm over his shoulders , she settled for wrapping both arms around one of his , forcing him either to slow down or drag her .
you , on the other hand , did n't mention it until i threatened to drag you back to dena nehele .
it was quite another to drag them all with him .
in stunned silence , they watched him drag her to her place at the table and dump her in the chair .
he called in his sleeping bag , unrolled it , and used craft to fix it in the air high enough so that his wings would n't drag the ground .
part 1 chapter one 1-terreille lucivar yaslana , the eyrien half-breed , watched the guards drag the sobbing man to the boat .
it was still early-not even lunch yet , and i knew this day would positively drag .
his fingers slipped under the band of my panties and began to slowly drag them down my body , revealing me to him once again .
after the hangover from the other day , i made sure to restrict myself to a two-drink maximum , despite nick 's best attempts to get me wasted and on stage with a drag queen .
i normally had to drag his ass up using all manner of temptation to do so .
as i came upon the main drag , i noticed a shop that specialized in antiques , and notably , old paintings .
i caught jessica 's face full of curious as we cruised down the main drag , me , clark , and a suit of armor in a powder-blue fifties ' convertible , blaring doo-wop like it was going out of style .
let 's walk , '' i said , tugging him toward the main drag .
i walked not with a drag but with a bounce ; i rushed from meeting to meeting and job site to job site with a renewed sense of purpose .
when i started to answer , he squeezed my hand and whispered , `` please do n't drag poor ruth back into this . ''
her answering moan is all the fuel i need as i drag my mouth along her jaw and down her neck , nipping with my teeth before soothing with a lick of my tongue .
oh god , please tell me i did n't drag boring roger home with me .
i drag myself out of bed and into the shower , hoping to wash away the stench of too much tequila and not enough sleep .
repaying the favor to the other side , my heavy br**sts drag across his chest before i feel his hands reaching up and cupping them between us .
the relief in her violet eyes tempted me to drag her out of this place and home with me that instant .
`` drag her to the stage , '' craig ordered , his voice cold and lacking emotion .
`` what the hell did you just drag me into ? ''
i was n't going to be some dead weight appendage that he had to drag around on his fight out the door .
i told him about the night the men came into the apartment and tried to drag me away .
i reached for him , trying to drag him back .
`` you strapped a pink cape around my neck , come up with the most ridiculous plans i 've ever heard , have managed to drag yourself into a drug war , but i ca n't quit you either . ''
i took my time , trying to drag out the minutes while trying to formulate some sort of plan .
i could see his internal debate about whether or not to leave me or drag me along with him .
every other second , minute , hour of the day seemed to drag by .
he unlinked our hands to drag his knuckles down my cheek .
i instructed the other men to help me drag the injured guys over by the truck and administer what first aid they could .
romeo did n't seem to care or even notice we were getting more stares than a man dressed in drag .
the next day seemed to drag by until classes were over and i went to the shelter .
the vampire took a drag on a cigarette then released a thin stream of smoke .
lighting it , he took a deep drag , then blew it out to the side .
he looked away , taking a drag of his cigarette .
tyler took a long drag off his cigarette , his gaze still focused on the dashboard of his car , his knees apart and up as he leaned against the door .
he made a face and took another drag off of his cigarette .
he took the last drag of his cigarette and stubbed it out .
i fumbled to drag my shorts on up over my ankles , my calves , my knees , my thighs , up , up , to cover myself .
i took another drag .
i could n't seem to drag myself out of the anxiety that had been following me around .
i could n't drag her down to my level .
i thought , how can i drag you into my shit like that ?
i bent over a little , turning sideways , to drag down the jeans .
how hard could it be to find five drag queens dressed like cher ?
karen lit her cigarette and took a hefty drag .
one cigar a month when stress got to be too much was n't the best option , but it did n't drag him back under the way one drink would .
she let go of sam 's hand and tried not to think about how much she wanted to hold on and drag him into her next incarnation .
he weighed the options , hated like hell to drag anyone else in ... but if what harris said was right ?
her grip tightened further , fighting against the whine and drag as she all but willed her machine around a boulder-size chunk of ice that narrowed the path to single file .
in a bumpy , painful drag , she was up and out of the car .
the lingering taste of charles only added to her determination to grab hold of her fate for a change , rather than letting the world drag her along .
he slapped his hands along the metal grating , grappling for something , anything to slow the drag toward the back .
or maybe they were battling through to drag him out before he wrecked himself for flight duties .
the one that kept luring him to drag her off somewhere safe .
his eyes journeyed a slow drag down her body and back up again , lingering on strategic places .
but before he could drag his sorry , horny butt out the door she continued , `` quit distracting me .
`` do you really want to drag malaria-girl all around the flight line until you find a ride ? ''
he 'd offered to drag her along , dogsled style .
finally the world , concerns , their son , his work-the promise of rena 's talk-all started echoing through the fog to drag him back .
sucked in a drag of pure night air as the last cop cruiser pulled away from the curb .
no , he 'd kept his back to the wall and watched her stoically drag her dress over her head .
`` right after you drag me to your cave by my hair . ''
his own thoughts were far from innocent as he wondered what it would be like to drag down the zipper on darcy 's flight suit .
but i 'm not in a good place right now and the last thing i need is to drag someone down there with me . ''
max resisted the urge to drag her into his arms and insulate her .
chapter 2 zach could n't drag his eyes off julia sinclair 's legs propped atop the sterile white hospital blankets .
control spiraled elusively away , and julia grappled for some stronghold to steady her long enough to drag zach into abandon with her .
like a drag of one hundred percent oxygen from his face mask , it invigorated him , left him slightly dizzy .
a light tap gave the only indication they 'd landed , followed by the drag and whine of the engines slowing the aircraft until they taxied to a stop .
she forced her feet to drag forward without pitching on her face .
she was going to live , and drag kevin along with her .
i do n't want to drag him out there and put him under all that stress , around sick people and germs ... '' this was something he could do to help .
mike took a long drag of his beer .
he could n't drag another into his problems .
rina unlocked the door and held it open so he could drag their tree inside .
he took a drag , then ground the butt on the pavement with his heel .
he knew i 'd drag him back to his mother , but the look on his face was priceless , so i snapped the picture . ''
some trigger-happy cop had decided to take out the suspect when he 'd tried to drag her into the car along with him .
liza visibly winced at his language , knowing as dare did that they were surrounded by kids and their parents , some of whom started to drag their children away .
shitty thing for your father to drag you down in the mud along with him . ''
beth scrambled to her knees , grabbed the poker and managed to drag the book out , but it was too late .
otherwise i 'd drag you to bendels for a full makeover .
she grabbed her sister 's hand and pulled , trying to drag her from the room .
he whined , grabbing me by the waist and trying to drag me back to bed .
she 'd obviously been coming down to drag me upstairs from my cave .
i grabbed her arm and tried to drag her away .
i 'm sure she 'll tell me at some point , but i 'm not going to drag it out of her .
if there was anyone who would search the ends of the earth for me and then drag me back from the edge of it , it would be renee .
i tried to drag him up my body , but he would n't let me .
his mouth left hers to drag a line of openmouthed kisses along the column of her throat , into the divot at its base , and then lower still , to taste the ivory skin above her dress .
i palm the head and drag my fingers down your shaft .
`` so , '' he drawled , `` what is so urgent you must drag me from my bed ?
alf gulped and washed down his bread with a long drag of tea .
and yet he had a near-impossible-to-resist urge to drag her into his lap and kiss her .
when he began to urgently pull at her skirts , she lifted her bottom to help him drag them aside .
he felt her gaze for minutes that seemed to drag like an hour , but then , thank god , the orchestra began .
`` they drag in the poor women who sell that devil 's drink in wheelbarrows .
and right then he determined that this thing would not drag on with beatrice .
his hand was wrapped firmly around her upper arm as he began to drag her down the hall toward us .
when i remained limp beneath him , he began to half push and half drag me into the center of a bunch of bushes .
he wanted to drag her into his arms and shelter her , just as he had the small child she 'd been .
ryland signaled the men forward to quickly drag the dead deeper into the bushes and glean as much intel as possible , looking for maps and radio frequencies .
she had to drag in several deep breaths to keep from crumbling completely , to keep from shedding ridiculous , stupid tears .
you ca n't let mack drag me back in . ''
`` do n't try to flirt with me , not when you 've come up here determined to drag me back down into evil . ''
he did n't want to drag her in any deeper , not when he knew he had to leave her there .
he moved fast , wanting to drag her under him , but she shook her head and caught at his arms , bringing them over his head , leaning in , her br**sts tantalizingly close to his mouth as she positioned his hands on the pillow .
his fingers bit deep enough to cause pain , to override the trance and drag her back to reality .
`` why drag me into this ?
jess could hardly drag his gaze from her body long enough to fill the tub .
saber hurried to drag on jeans and a t-shirt .
finding him dead , he snagged the man 's arm and began to drag the body away from the bottom of the stairs .
but she also felt as if she should grab him and drag him into their bolt hole .
`` get in there and shower before i drag you in and scrub you myself . ''
you can drag his ass off the roof .
the air 's pretty thin , but not only did he drag our gear and ammo back , but he took out a nest of al-qaeda hidden in a streambed firing mortars at us .
gator scrambled to drag up a sheet , half standing as he did so .
you 're here to drag my ass back to whitney . ''
he watched her scoot off the bed , fish around for her jeans , and drag them on .
he left a very small drag track , no more than his heel sliding in the mud and a splatter of muck on a rock .
the barrel of his rifle dipped low as he used his strength to drag the dead weight of her body up .
but if she did n't stop crying , flame was going to have to find a way to drag her butt out of bed and comfort her .
she 'd think you were some swamp monster sent to drag her into the black depths .
to drag her as close to him as he was to her .
he wanted to ravage her , drag her into his arms and devour her hungrily , but he forced a slow assault , using his years of discipline to savor the softness of her skin .
she kicked at them , and one sank his teeth into her leg , trying to drag her down just as she spotted the dense foliage where her mother fought off the crazed primates .
tight muscles closed around him , gripping and squeezing , trying to drag him inside of her , desperate for him to move hard and deep .
he did n't wait , preferring not to drag out her nervous tension .
the carpathian in him rose to do battle with the healer and the prince to fight for his life , but the wolf had no knowledge of such healing and he retreated , snarling and fighting , determined to drag zev with him to a safe place where the fire could n't reach them .
a feminine hand inched its way out of the brush , the arm following , as skyler tried to reach the wolf to drag her to safety .
he wanted to scoop her up , drag her out of the cave like the men of old , declaring to the world she belonged to him .
below , he heard an ominous rustle as something began to drag itself up the tree trunk out of the icy dark .
during his days at work he could drag dakota from his mind for short stints of time .
if she made it out of this car , she 'd drag him to vegas the second they could catch a plane .
`` damn , '' she mumbled as she let him drag her to the aircraft .
`` gaylord yelled at jack constantly to find you and drag your skinny ass back home . ''
`` we 'll get you sober before we drag your sorry ass home . ''
we need to capture philip and drag him to the sixteenth century . ''
`` i saw a wolf drag her from the forest , '' logan said from the mouth of the tent .
i scoot closer to him and drag him down until he is sitting on the lounger with me .
inside , those shadows seem to morph into each other , creating twisted hands that drag their broken fingers along the darkened walls of the salon .
as we approach , i reach over the side and drag it in , pulling the wet chain into the boat .
a hundred different things run through my mind , but the one that stands out in the forefront is the image , the possibility , that he managed to drag himself , broken and bleeding , to a different location , somewhere where he is even now waiting for me to help him .
i will be tortured regardless , but i refuse to drag anyone else into it , which might be my single redeeming quality .
because it takes me twenty minutes to hobble to the shed , find a couple of poles and a bait-box and then drag all of that stuff to the end of the pier .
with one bound , i grab william by the neck and drag him from the bed , ramming his face into the wall , again , then again , then again .
it would be better for everyone if we just got it over with right now and did n't drag it out .
one moment , he was ready to drag the glove from her arm and sink his teeth in-or , hell , right into her bared shoulder , in that soft hollow above her collarbone .
a hand swung down and grabbed at her , but before he could drag her to her feet , an emphatic no !
he asked , wondering why he did n't simply grab her and drag her up against him , sink inside her .
voss tried to say her name , but he could n't drag his thoughts together enough to take the breath .
angelica was waltzing , maia noted , pressing her lips together and resisting the urge to stalk out there and drag her off the floor .
it was well past noon the morning after they 'd retrieved angelica from the horrible , dirty , scandalous place called black maude 's , and maia was tired of waiting for the earl to drag himself from slumber .
she did n't know when mrs. throckmullins was going to return-or whoever she was working with , and she certainly could n't manage to drag the earl from the room .
although all i wanted to do was drag my arm away from your mouth and push you up against that wall and dig my own fangs into your shoulder ... and then your arm ... and your breast ... the inside , that very tender , most sensitive part of your thigh ... '' his voice grew lower , unsteady and rough .
one of his hands slipped down to drag her bottom close , her torso sharply against the c**k raging behind his tight breeches .
she 'd coerce , coax , lull ... seduce him ... drag him into the devil 's dark world .
others fought until he had to drag them away .
`` unless he 's here to kill me , then he needs to drag his winged ass out of here . ''
the hounds rip you open and drag your soul right off this earth . ''
dammit , if he was n't coming in , she 'd have to go drag the angel off those panthers .
paul tried to drag himself farther across the road .
just drag his winged ass away and go .
claire tried to drag noah off the guy .
`` you 're going to drag me back to d.c. ? ''
he wanted to slug his friend and drag jasmine away .
`` a ghost , '' noah said , voice rough , `` still trying to drag us all into her hell . ''
`` you do n't just drag a sheriff away- '' mercer laughed .
`` i think i told you to come alone last time , but you just had to drag my rachel with you . ''
`` yes , well , '' judith stopped trying to drag cooper out and she gave an annoyed sniff , `` he needs to learn how to not barge into an office . ''
she tried to drag cale 's body a few precious inches toward cover .
literally had to drag the guy in .
slade limped toward the seat , making sure to drag his leg a bit , conscious of mercer 's assessing gaze as it fell on him .
`` get back here before i have to drag you out of that inferno . ''
do n't want to slam into the pavement and have you drag the poor , beaten vampire away . ''
he 'd sure done his best to drag her there and- malcolm ripped the stake right out of his chest .
i have no doubt realm would throw me over his shoulder or drag me out of here kicking and screaming .
suddenly someone else is there , grabbing me by the shoulders to drag me down the hall , place me in the open before flipping me onto my back .
i 'm afraid he 'll slip away , and then someone will grab me and drag me back into the white hallway .
when friday comes , i practically drag james from the building , so relieved that i wo n't have to fake it through another day .
i slowly drag my eyes over to his .
`` a real nice guy to drag you into his mess . ''
today , he 's staring off across the parking lot , pulling a long drag from his smoke .
this is the same woman who tried to drag me out of my car two days ago .
do n't drag me into your lies , charlotte . ''
slowly i drag my legs over the side of my bed , touching at the floor .
`` why did you drag me out of there if you 're going to give me the silent treatment ?
`` you know what i mean-if someone 's going to become a prejudiced shithead and go to meetings like this , they do n't need to pass on that ignorance to their kids and drag them along . ''
you came after me when you have no need or right to , you chased away that guy as if he 'd assaulted me or something , and now you 're trying to drag me back to pack territory like i 'm some petulant kid .
if you try to go , he 'll track you down and drag you back here .
but if you drag this out , you 're going to go through a lot of seriously bad pain first .
`` go anywhere else and i 'll just hunt you down and drag you to bed . ''
i 'll bet she can , but she 's got it good here so she 'll drag this out as long as she can .
she might have completely fallen into it right that second if there had n't been a sensation of two hands grabbing her ankles from behind and beginning to drag her down the stairs .
`` oh no , flinstone , you do n't get to drag grace into this .
`` you could walk away of your own accord , or i could stab you with this and drag you away .
i wanted nothing more than to drag her to me , but that would have to wait a minute .
oh , f**k. but before the keja had the chance to use the web to drag max to him , jude was at his side with that knife of hers and slicing through it .
`` he more or less indicated that ... '' `` i should get back there or he 'll hunt me down and drag me back himself ? ''
yeah he 'd said he wanted to drag it out , but i did n't get why that would matter to him .
squeaked a tiny voice from the cup holder in the arm of my seat , `` do n't drag me into your lover 's quarrel ! ''
tony was probably going to drag his mattress over and sleep there .
i 'd hate to have to drag him around all wasted too .
because even when you have your head totally up your butt and drag me to miami with only twenty bucks in your pocket , you still make sure that i have a nice , clean place to sleep . ''
`` well , edan , you managed to drag me into your little mistake , did n't you ? ''
the marcus with his hands around my throat shoves me up the wall , so my toes drag along the floor .
i drag paul over to meet him , and they weigh each other up .
`` i will expect you in that room in five minutes , otherwise i 'll come and drag you out of here myself in whatever you 're wearing .
he swirls it slowly there and then continues to drag the tip down my body , along my sternum , between my br**sts , over my torso down to my navel .
i drag my gaze away from him and scan the room for jose .
she lifts her arm to drag her hand through her shoulder length hair , and as she does , the sleeve of her trench coat rides up , revealing a soiled bandage around her wrist .
when the sails go up , you 'll feel the drag .
i drag my fingers through my hair in a vain attempt to combat the just-fucked look , then give up and tie it in a ponytail .
i strip out of my clothes in double-quick time , and after rifling through his chest of drawers , drag on one of his t-shirts and head for the bathroom .
`` keep this up and i 'll drag you into the bedroom , '' he murmurs .
i curl up on the chesterfield couch , wrap myself in the duvet and drag my blackberry from my purse .
i was panting , attempting to drag in breath after breath .
`` that must have been some meeting for her to drag her skinny ass all the way up here to see you . ''
we 'll attack and drag it into one of the alleys . ''
i 'm afraid it might have some virus that 'll fry her computer , so i drag it back to the trash .
i turn on the laptop and drag the file from the trash .
i had been working , but i had seen all the fancy cars and limos passing the dairy queen as they 'd followed the main drag toward the high school .
`` she needs to rescue me from a dire , dire situation ... '' i laughed and let him drag me away , hoping it annoyed the f**k out of jake .
i looked up at him , panting for breath , watching him rub his hands over his short , dark hair and drag them down over his face .
she took the last drag of her beer and looked me direct in the eye .
`` managed to drag yourselves out of the love shack , did you ? ''
his presence filled the living room , and i could barely drag in enough air .
but as i watched him drag his finger along my knuckles , it occurred to me why he thought it would be destructive .
she practically had to drag justin out to keep him from going back .
and then i 'll drag things out as long as i want , do whatever i want .
`` well , i 'm just glad i do n't have to drag her around tomorrow .
do n't drag me into this with your convoluted theories . ''
do n't drag me into your fanatical theories of- '' she stopped abruptly when she saw her mother standing in the door .
defiantly she took a last drag of her cig and dropped it , crushing it under her heel .
then his eyes widened and he spun toward esme , dropping to a crouch and shooting out one hand to grab her ankle and drag her to him .
`` they 're gone , they ca n't be hurt anymore , but we drag their memory around with us , doing our worst in their name , like it 's what they 'd want , for us to avenge them ?
only the great rending drag on sirithar that had sucked at the skies of the world had drawn scarab so far from her isles , because that was to do with them , in the deadliest way imaginable .
it was so obvious to her , but all the moroccan doctor could see was his own fury-and his own culpability , since he was the one who 'd brought them here to drag his country into infamy .
as the drag of fingers on the far side of silk .
i try harder to drag my feet .
long minutes drag by , until i have no idea how long i 've been here like this .
moments later , they drag a malfetto woman out , throwing her down with such force that she falls onto her hands and knees .
as the seconds drag by , i sense a new energy coming from enzo , something all too familiar to me but foreign from him .
you 'd threaten me , beg me , want to drag me on top of you , but still i 'd make you wait .
i drag him to his feet and make him look me in the eye .
my arms are burning when i finish and drag myself to my feet .
i drag my hands through my hair and pace away from her .
i drop my head to her shoulder and drag in a labored breath .
impatient , i drag the scrappy piece of fabric down her legs and shove it in my pocket .
she makes a surprised sound in my mouth , but then she hums when i drag my lips over her once , then again .
enough that i 'm ready to say screw it all and drag her up to my room , regardless of what people say .
when i pull away , i let my lower lip drag over his skin , and he hisses out a breath .
then i drop to my knees in front of her , and push up that same sheer shirt from yesterday to drag my tongue over the soft flesh of her stomach .
i 've always told myself that it was pointless to drag up stuff like that when it ca n't be changed .
i hear the creak of the floorboards on the other side , a pair of stomping feet , and the door is ripped open while the blonde calmly takes another drag on her cigarette .
i drag a hand over my face and laugh darkly .
i take a seat beside her and the frat boy on the couch , and drag my fingers through my hair .
she clings to me , her feet slipping and sliding as i drag her forward like she weighs barely anything .
i 'm too impatient to wait for her to answer before i drag my lips over her pulse .
then i drag myself back to center .
i imagine someone like dad screaming in my ear as i dance the whole thing at full speed , as i drag myself across the floor until i just ca n't anymore .
just ... do n't let stella drag you to another party tonight .
he puts the cigarette to his lips and takes a slow drag .
i had no idea he cared strongly enough about my attendance to drag himself to my dorm .
i let him drag me forward and he adds , `` be nice . ''
i drag my heavy lids up and meet his electric gaze .
i heard the whine of a bullet ripping past on the wind , and i pulled kelsey under my arm , ready to drag her with me .
it took a lot of effort to drag myself from the comfort of my warm bed and make myself get into the shower .
derek rowed ashore , much as stephen had done , then got out to drag the boat further up the bank .
chapter eighteen back at the house , i pulled the camaro into the garage and managed to drag my tired feet through the door and into the kitchen where i collapsed onto one of the bar stools .
she took a deep drag of her cigarette .
he took a long drag of his cigarette .
although , from what his mates said , he did n't seem to suffer it on the two evenings he still managed to drag himself to the pub .
he had stopped trying to anticipate what was going to happen next , stopped dreading the next phone call , stopped wondering whether there was any chance that deanna lewis would decide not to drag him down with her ... and he had just started existing .
yvonne took a long drag on her cigarette .
`` i 've come to drag you out for a drink .
behind him i could hear the drag of chair legs on the floor as the other officers prepared to leave .
and these cases can drag on , liv . '
i heard her drag on the cigarette .
i heard him take another drag on his cigarette , heard the smile in his voice when he said , 'i always thought you were an odd one , mate , and now i know i 'm right . '
'go now , you smooth-talking architect , before i drag you back to that hotel bed and make sure you do n't get to your very annoying meeting at all . '
it took me a moment to drag myself away from that roadside table .
it 's in the way so i grab the bottom and drag it over my head , throwing it onto sin 's office chair .
without any warning , i grasp bleu 's hand and drag the blade across the center of her palm .
and i loved it , especially when he would drag his face down the center of my body just to hear me squeal .
i grab her hips and drag her forward .
i drag my lips up her inner thighs .
i scrunch them in my fisted hands and drag them down her legs .
the body was too far gone to drag back to the feeders , but the pat-down turned up a shotgun with the barrel sawed off , some home-load ammo , and five knives though only two that werent all rusty .
as fast as she falls they can fall faster and desdemona leans into her descent , wrapping her limbs around her torso so that there is no drag to slow her .
he slowly took a last drag on his cigarette , and dropped it , stomping it out before he entered .
he stopped talking while he took a drag from his pipe , and turned away from najima to look at the flag like a former lover he had n't seen in years .
jimmy turned to john and said , drag that contraption back to the cleaning locker and bring those dirty rags .
let some bounty hunter drag her head back unattached to her body ?
robert get on the fucking boat , i say as i grow frustrated and drag him with all of my strength until he is physically on the boat .
one day , when graeak had finally managed to drag hellric outside , hellric had told him that no one should ever have to go through that type of pain .
she had clearly not expected my sudden outburst and she now took a step back before answering , but you i did not let her finish as i now cut across her and said in an angry voice , no buts , my advice to you is to walk out of the pub nowotherwise i will drag you out myself .
he took another drag off his cigarette and walked to the shed , careful not to step on any of the body parts strewn about the area .
if we take off , we will drag the lights and ruin them , samara said trying to keep calm .
it would have to be very large you didnt , i dont know , rip off a chunk of that forsaken rock and drag it through behind you ?
if you dont like what i have to say , you could always drag me out the room yourself , she retorted , coolly .
only then did he drag himself to his feet .
the moment he was well enough to move , she was going to drag him back to the beijing to recover .
[ the alliance will want to drag your ship in close for boarding , ] said saara , [ and then they will cut through the hull are you sure your marines can stop them ? ]
just because youve got a crush on her , doesnt mean that you can or should drag her into any of this , i hear jax say .
hed had to drag that ballast behind him to the winchester station and onto the train and off the train , all the way home , but now it vanished like a wisp into the wintry night .
you can drag me wherever you want , i wont take you back to that place , she told him smugly .
and if it does , maya can drag me out again .
benny managed to drag michael out of his room with the promise that he was going to meet a special girl tonight , someone who would change his life foreveror at least give a romp hed never forget .
he watched his men drag blake toward a side door .
well i dunno about you but i have to get some shut eye , said jd before taking another drag on the cigarette .
he pulled a carton of cigarettes out of his pocket , leant against the wall of the building , lit a cigarette and took a long , deep drag .
`` not a clue , '' said trixi , pausing to take another drag on her cigarette .
he took a cigarette from the packet in his pocket , lit it and took a long , deep drag .
then i guess its a drag race into alphas atmosphere and out the other side , catching the enemy fleet in the middle .
well you can always call back , dan laughed , taking a drag on his cigarette .
dan said , also taking a drag on his cigarette .
i sense a but , replied dan , wincing with pain as he took a drag on his cigarette .
jd watched as trixi took a long , slow drag on a cigarette .
she stopped by to drag them to antique stores , get ice cream or with a new movie disc .
deckard took a drag and resisted coughing .
we drag seaweed up from the beach to compost the garden and plant onions between the lettuces .
by the time we reach the beach trigger is starting to sag in the middle and drag his feet .
kerry used it to fly out deliveries and to drag those big obnoxious banners across the sky advertising his merchandise .
i worked in town as a mechanic , he said then took a drag on his cigarette and exhaled the smoke .
he saw firlark and zaalark drag his mom through the kitchen .
they ran down the ramp to marcus and michael to help them drag mirlink through the field .
theyre using a winch to drag the back end of the truck up onto a trailer .
the drag down the mountain finished off my resistance .
taking a long drag , he settled back in his chair and began recalling , atlasov was a very promising young man .
then the road widened into a main drag leading into the town proper .
we cant just drag tons of stone here with our bare hands .
she was becoming more agile too , and when eli took off her stocking to free her wings , they didnt drag on the ground anymore .
she was up on her elbows , trying to drag herself to safety , but the cords were whipping back and forth , only inches from her paralyzed legs .
the hours sitting on guard and awake at the campfire seemed to drag on forever .
and to prove such , i would often challenge the local folk to the midnight expressway drag .
izzian and paksha followed closely as lucas continued to drag eliza through the trees .
kate was prepared to grab him by the collar and drag him over to see these files if he didnt co-operate i believe so , kate , can you drop whatever youre doing and look into it asap .
other cars drive up , armed men get out and drag ben from linda 's car .
as if in response to my thoughts serinae said , well at least there is no threat of rain this night , and reaching over to drag her bag to her she reached in and brought out two bundles of greased paper each tied with cord made from platted and waxed flax .
smiling at serinae he started to drag the corpse away , calling over his shoulder , someone o yes build a nice hot fire , fo i promise ye the eatn be good tnight .
serinae was then by my side shouting at me as if through a tunnel , unsheathing one blade she grabbed my arm and started to half drag , half carry me i know not where .
kaylor took another long drag off the stick and then blew the smoke into the air with a flourish .
huge beasts ready to snatch her out of her warm bed and drag her screaming into the dark night .
he now moved with a stagger and had to drag his foot on the stone floor , they did not speak as they walked , there was nothing to say .
he had learned that if he looked at that smudge directly he rapidly began to feel tired and drained of life , despite this , however , he continued to drag himself towards it , it was the only vague plan he had now .
especially that pretty little redhead that you drag around after you . ''
they would drag their little stick things across the strings of their instruments , creating a horrendous screeching .
once completed jess could sense them clawing at the fabric of jump space to drag the ship forwards faster .
time seemed to drag out for jess but finally they drew close enough to use the new weaponry .
not looking to see if he was being obeyed jess started to drag elizabeth off the trolley .
dont drag me into it .
there was no need to drag paul into it .
leaning her shoulder against the chamber , she used both hands to drag her leg up so that she could put her foot in maxs hands .
i had to drag you out of there .
ah , hey , chief , that remaining battleship is attempting to drag in the dagger .
i kept imagining that one of those shadow puppets was going to burst through the window and drag me into the facade , only it would be a real house or store , and i would be trapped forever .
i felt that shark bite onto my leg and drag me all the way down through the crushing depths and dark water until i couldnt see anything at all .
each time they made their way past one , she would drag her fingers across the stone and look up at the carved face .
the final ten minutes of the trip seemed to drag on for an eternity , until the ship dropped from subspace and kira was overwhelmed with the desire for more time to prepare .
she leaned over and grabbed the other hand , helping lodge drag the body to the wooden crates .
abdul considered letting him hold vigil at the viewing slit , but couldnt drag himself away from the heavenly cool breeze that trickled in onto his face .
i drag myself into a sitting position .
i push tia out of the room , drag wes with us , and slam the door .
i stare at the door for a shocked moment before i drag myself up to get dressed .
i catch myself returning his kiss and drag myself away .
the officials feet drag on the floor .
the fuselage gave a distinct sense of falling down backwards , the external microphones began to pick up a noticeable whine as atmospheric drag began to bite , temperature and pressure readings began steadily to increase and a maze of other parameters began to display on various screens .
it thrilled him that alex would have the nerve to do this , and drag liberty and two aliens along with her .
liberty was immediately concerned with alex 's decision to take the young man on and stood up , reaching out to her as though he might drag her back into her seat and quiet her .
the evening lengthened , and the group decided to drag their pillows and blankets into the living room for a spend the night , all together rather than sleeping in the bedrooms .
then , slipping his glasses on , he took one last drag of the cigarette before pinching it out .
they didnt think about gravity or air drag any more , it was all about momentum and acceleration .
they work best if you allow them to drag on the ground .
twin rotors on the drag wing were pulled through the water .
russell tried to clear his mind and his vision as unconsciousness tried to drag him back toward a sleep of indifference .
so he concentrated harder , tightening all the muscles in his head , hoping it would make a difference , straining against the drag of the wind .
she was being very optimistic about it all , but russell was starting to feel the drag of his exertions and his normal negative thought flow coming back .
last time i checked , said dan , taking a drag on his cigarette .
no one else is gon na , replied dan , taking a long drag on his cigarette .
she looked at pete who nodded and took another drag on his own cigarette .
i 'll get janey and sara on it , we still have work to do , she said , taking a deep drag on her cigarette .
i sit on the edge of the sofa , rubbing the sole of my foot , knowing that i now have to drag all the shopping into the house .
he pulled a long drag on the thin cigarette between his fingers , flicked it away then clapped .
yes , its like trying to drag a mountain , that is the gate on the other side , you should feel a lot of energy in your chest .
what he really wanted was to punch paul in his face , to drag him through a gateway , and leave him stranded on the other side of the universe as payback for all of the times he had made him ashamed to look in the mirror .
whyd you have to drag us into this ?
she had to drag you up and down a sand dune and then through the streets of sanaam .
the terran tried to drag himself to his rifle but explosions of pain shot through his shattered knee .
if you pass out , i will slap you awake and drag you around the field by your balls .
you have been led here by some ephors who havent spoken a word or made a gesture , except to pat your arm or drag you to the side so you can hop the mono to where your job ismission friendship .
lus and emil braved the raging wind to drag in more wood and it was after they 'd done so , that luton startled everyone by calmly flicking his fingers at the sodden wood .
he laid her gently in the boat and waited while autoc hauled himself on board and helped jaim drag in the anchor .
georgianna was already slipping past them , jumping down out of the train car as jaids desperate cry for her to come back followed , not fast enough to catch her and drag her back inside .
beck said i couldnt drag any belsa into it .
he watched two of them drag pulou up by his arms and saw how the gan swayed , still dizzy , but they pushed him with the ends of their long weapons to make him walk .
sorry to drag you into this , buckman said , not looking up at charles .
they filed in slowly , some of them having to carry or drag others .
i ran over , grabbed the handle of the ax with him and helped him awkwardly drag her the rest of the way .
i proclaimed happily , as i began to drag the footlocker sized piece of equipment out into the aisle .
he 'd drag her in , she 'd likely share her sob story , she 'd explain why she ran , then hopefully the security forces would leave her alone .
helper had been sure that they would spring upon alice , choosing brute force in order to catch her and drag her away .
he wants to drag me into his stupid prediction , moses thought .
he had to choose quickly , because tidal forces here would drag them off course if they dawdled .
his only hope was to weaken the creature , or it could fly with him above the treeline and drag him on the treetops until he fell !
they aimed to drag him down into the muck , even if they died themselves .
when she eventually arrived at the pond , she collapsed and had to drag herself across the dirt the rest of the way .
he tried to drag his pants up even as kari kept a hold of them at his feet .
he did seize both of them and drag them forcibly to medical to see if there was anything that could be verified or denied .
i silently begged the bed to finish its job and drag me under .
how could you drag him into it all ?
not bad , i hear a sequel , ben , lance said sarcastically as he hopped up out of his directors chair , went to take a drag of his cigarette , saw none left , then threw it and breezed over to ben and flowda .
so , i dont know , ben admitted anxiously as he lit up a cigar ( figuring everythings already burning anyway ) and took a drag .
some of these adolescents crash , just as some drag racers and joy riders do .
two xelon soldiers from the group hurried over plowing through the snow grabbing abreon , shall we drag him back , captain , pertho ?
judge grabbed his chesterfield hydro from the coupes ashtray and took a deep drag .
he took a deep drag from his chesterfield allowing its minty relief to fill his lungs with fresh oxygen .
he took another refreshing drag from his synthetic and chucked jerrys sidearm into the stacks of crates .
her master sat up in the chair and watched mokrikov drag the boy across , snivelling as he did so .
two of the crilshans turned on gordian , and the other two began to drag her away into the dark entrance of the lower building .
now we must drag him deeper into the cave to get him to safety away from both of those creatures , then see how bad his wounds really are .
she frantically began to drag them towards the only way to sure freedom .
the weight of the sword strapped to his side was unbalancing as if it would drag him down .
you will return her body to us , and we will drag it through our streets and put it on every sign in the territories to show them what we can do to their god .
i hadnt realized how far down id have to hook her to drag her wriggling back to the surface .
crystal wasnt hurt , so was wondering why daf felt it necessary to drag her .
i know youre in here somewhere , he said deliberately to the room in general , and i got to tell you , when i drag you out into the open , youre not going to like what happens next .
patroclus knew cassandra still loved atreus and that what he was about to tell her would drag her back into a world she had fought to escape .
simultaneously he extended his arms and legs to increase drag and arrest his spin .
shed have to carry him , or drag him , until they found shelter .
`` how on earth did you drag two-hundred-and-fifty pounds ? ''
and as the storm had drifted sand over any rocks between yacht and ocean , they decided to drag it by the beak , letting the wing-sail simply trail behind .
how hed shifted position at every opportunity during the drag to prevent friction from burning holes through his survival suit .
if we cut the weight on one side , the other side should drag the skin away .
`` so you 'd like others to reside at your level of intelligence , hence your attempts to drag them down , insult them , diminish them . ''
at dinner , he saw a very tired lincoln drag himself into the house and lay his head on the table .
on one hand nanopeans had made all the sacrifices and embraced the future : the subs were just a burden and a drag on the environment .
ill change into those and well need to modify some clothing for you to wear that wont have as much drag in the water .
he was unable to use his legs , but he grabbed the knife , struggling to drag himself from the rubble towards danish .
she stuck out one of her hands to allow her fingers to drag across the tall wire fence .
the concrete shifted beneath his feet , almost as though it was trying to drag him down into the depths , to join so many others that had found themselves lost , entombed in the forgotten civilization that lay below the city , to rot where no one would ever find them .
the guard led us down oasiss main drag .
were going to have to drag him .
i really dont want to drag this body around , she said .
do you want to check out that body before calaveras thugs get here and drag it off to dismember it ?
you want to drag me all the way down to the university clinic ?
probably dead i changed the subject quickly as his negativity was beginning to drag me down , plus i wanted to catch dinner swiftly so as to make amends for my disastrous start to life on tharnon .
its quite fortunate really , i wasnt going to drag you into all of this again but seeing as youre here you might as well help , he laughed .
he took a deep drag of the cigarette , followed by a long swig of rum .
ah , shit , sorry to drag up bad memories .
all that he could think of was sleep and that made the minutes drag on .
grabbing him by the hair and trying to drag him over .
chug like yer about to sing madonna songs in drag and ya dont wan na remember a lick of it , cause thats what yer doing if ya wuss out !
when livingston could drag me back to hell whenever he damn well pleases ?
he smirked at the memory of daelon , attempting to drag his body into the airlock minutes earlier .
once more she grabbed his elbow and tried to drag him along but he stood his ground and then the garbos were upon them , big men with brutal hands .
she brought the cigarette to her lips and took a drag , but her eyes never opened beneath her sunglasses .
i would drag her back to life even if the effort killed me .
or would ickcy show up and drag her back to the cabin ?
lara took a drag of her cigarette and looked at troy briefly before returning her attention to gresham .
gresham hurried out of his apartment , subtly locking the door behind him , and walked down to the main drag of the palisades apartment complex , glancing around at the neighboring stucco buildings to make sure nobody was watching .
in other words , hed have to screen them and drag them into a brotherhood facility .
i drag it back to the room , and tie the remaining rope to another hook and the log .
you 'll not thank me later for letting this drag out , '' the man with the gun said .
and a few minutes ago i think i saw her drug and drag barns into her car and drive him out of here !
through the window , the visitors saw a gigantic , whale-sized , rounded body with thick tail drag itself ponderously towards the nearby lake using what seemed to be a cross between feet and flippers .
raice looked at him , then took a final drag on her stick , tossed it into a basin by the bed , then rolled over and pulled him into a firm kiss .
you would eventually drag me down to being sullen and secretive , like you and i have too much to live for to let that happen .
his father would have to drag him out of the apartment if he expected his son to join him !
ben had suggested if he ever attempted this again , to ramp up the power just before the hologram solidified which could give it a powerful push into existence , rather than drag it over the hump it had to pass before completion .
can i drag you away from your life for a night ?
they were going to drag me to the game whether i wanted to go or not .
laura , frank ... jacob said to the couple seated before him , i didnt know you like opera both of them turned around , frank said , well id think we were more the type then you , did abby drag you here ?
ready for the drag shoot .
the guards would just show up and drag them outside for transportation to their appointment with death .
and then how to drag it far enough out to field where it would n't be a problem .
what should have taken a week had already taken two so far , and every step seemed to drag .
`` i swear to all that 's holy if you do n't get your drunk ass up and drag your sorry self to bed , i 'll show you just how far from a princess i am , '' mother threatened him in a cold voice .
`` but my information ... you promised ... you said ... '' the centurions seized baltar and began to drag him out of the chamber .
she took a heavy drag on the slim fumarello and appeared to savor its taste .
i could shoulder his weight and drag us along to safety .
i do not care if you have a drink , but if i see you even glance at that tray of peace fruit tarts over there , i will drag you home by your ear .
they would drag her into the darkness before they ripped and tore into me , marking me the same way .
i am going , because if i have to knock that man over the head , drag him off , and hold him down while i explain what happened , i will .
they will drag it out , make you unrecognizable physically and mentally , and then , only after youre completely destroyed , theyll kill you .
we drove onto and down the main drag again .
you know , ive never understood drag queens , rev said .
what would men think of drag king shows ?
`` is that why you let him leave me on planets for days at a time and drag me to the damn near end of the universe ?
the betting continued for another few minutes , roy managing to play cautious and drag even higher bets out of the three .
abigails smile grew larger as she took an even longer drag from her cig .
then his luring dash to drag the beast after him .
that 's why the men were such in a hurry to drag her out .
trace , sign , foot prints , drag marks , bullet casings ; was there any indication of his direction or presence .
their ship captain started cursing me and when he took a breath i replied , i told you the rules , release your tethers or i 'll drag you all the way back to the space station orbit .
when lainie kicked my foot from under the table , i was finally able to drag my gaze away and break whatever connection it was that had fallen on me .
my plan was to receive answers and leave , but if i couldnt drag lainie along with me , i determined that i wouldnt go .
even with the drag of board shorts , xanthias was able to out-swim our best and finest .
i held her gaze for several , quick moments that seemed to drag like hours .
xanthias doubled my count in no time , and eventually there were only three people remaining that chrysabelle , lainie and i were trying to drag outside .
you can either walk or i will drag you ; which would you prefer ?
he took another slow drag on the cigar and released it with a breath .
`` but ysenof insists this is n't a hammer her over the head and drunkenly drag her home hack-job , mr. clark !
`` ysenof does n't drag derriere or any other portion of his posterior , mr. clark !
reaching up to his head he felt the cut and warm blood near his temple and staggered back towards the vault , small arms and hands reaching out of the darkness to grasp at him and drag him within once more .
was it safe to be in the city now , or were there some lingering biological or radiological hazards that would slowly drag them to the same death that had overtaken the city ?
as sam came to retrieve him , will watched jack drag two large branches into place on either side of their trap , making a funnel that led to the hole .
theyll drag it on for months and months .
i open the hatch , remove my laser knife from the sleeping soldier and drag them out in twos .
`` then i will pass my own judgment when they drag my corpse through their halls .
im really sorry to drag you into this , but its so good to see you !
lilly stared at her bright pink boots , letting her toes drag the ground as she eased the swing back and forth .
just how are we going to drag all this stuff through all that ?
i saw my sister and amy struggling to drag rod closer to it .
the soldier in him screamed for immediate return to help bronson drag their wounded friend with haste .
the last incident had been driving my fathers new maserati into south gate to drag my friend gordon out of a meth house .
charles took the cigarette and lit it and then took a long drag off of it before wheezing and coughing like someone who had just choked on something .
one less person to drag around .
the plants withdrew , allowing the others to grab kiet and drag him up onto the slab after them .
you will be there in three days if i have to hog-tie you and drag you there in chains .
as the three hunters took turns with both their guns , wren said to nadia , what happened to that bazooka you used to drag around ?
if they were going to take him , they were going to have to shoot him or come in after him to drag him out .
no , its too heavy to drag around .
no uniformed policeman came to drag me away to prison .
she said she would and then i started walking again so cullen did n't have to drag me away .
it 'll drag it out as long as necessary .
on lemmy it would drag the floor .
my charge runs down and sometimes i can barely drag myself across the deck .
better to finish things with one decisive stroke than to let it drag on .
he rests his left arm on the side of the truck , and staring blankly at the man , draws another long drag on the cigarette .
i half hope that i will hear malcolm climbing the front porch to drag me out on another investigation .
but just because you dont have anybody in your life you care enough about to get back to , dont drag us along with you .
i drag him out the door and left down the hall .
with the tests done , sharif offered to drag my mattress out into the passage way until the morning where he would clean it for me .
then she took time to drag the bodies into the woods away from the path and left them there .
he took a deep , long drag from the cigarette and grinned .
after crippling the attacking vessel , the captain realised that it had wandered from its original course and saw a troop transport as a welcome trophy to drag back to enemy lines .
as i drag my feet across a dusty expanse of nothing , evidence of the flares everywhere around me , i learn that states were experimenting on kids , back in the day , to find a cure for the demons they created .
i drag the words from myself before i can think about them .
im about to drag myself to my feet and lay into this mote guyscrew the consequencesbut a different heat surges through my body , separate and much more powerful than the first wave .
cursing under my breath , i drag myself up and shake the sleep off .
i spit blood , drag myself back together despite growing dizziness , and force my legs to work .
i drag myself away from the furnace that is branwell .
i force my knees to move forward , to drag my body , claw at the smooth stones of the floor to keep moving , keep moving .
beul knew sometimes when the evidence is as obvious as this , it is best not to drag out the proceedings .
i came back not long after i left you the other night , to try and drag you home to get some sleep , and i found you passed out and bleeding next to a crate .
i looked around at the sad faces of those who toiled all day only to drag themselves to the watering hole for a few hours of cheer before heading home to do it all over again tomorrow .
i try to drag them to their feet .
after a short while , though , her arms and legs began to drag and she felt tired .
i drag megan along as i trail behind rian .
you mean drag it ?
we pull her to her feet and drag her forward .
the elevator doors in front of us slide open and fox and i gently drag vivian through , setting her down onto the ground slowly .
unfortunately l'armin had begun to drag his feet as he reluctantly followed .
her saudara had had to drag her out to see the batsu omhaal and to see the tears that had stung the fresh wound on the little boys neck .
i said what the hell , and took another drag , which tasted both sweet and foul .
he took a drag and exhaled stale smoke out into the room , watching as it filtered the morning light coming in through the blinds .
bloody drag marks made a trail that led away from it .
he said once the cigarette was lit and hed taken the first drag .
kivina answered bluntly , before snatching tors 's knife from him , and slashed down on yantae 's neck again and again , ignoring tors 's shouts and attempts to drag her from him , even as he twitched and tried to stand , until his head was hanging on only by flesh ; he was n't coming back this time .
jw takes a final lip-searing drag and reluctantly says that he found them up in the attic .
it was all he could do to drag himself away .
whoever has it is either one broad-shouldered son of a bitch or part of a group , because i do n't see any drag marks leaving the scene .
i drag him heavily off the bed , across the room and through a doorway , leaving him out of sight .
i return the axe to my belt and drag him outside .
you can drag me to last bastion .
the minutes seemed to drag on .
he doesnt even make it half way to her before they drag becca through the mirrors surface .
he turns and starts to walk between two buildings , both of them black , as his clothing drag slightly behind him .
she is blinded by the wrongs she has done and she wants to drag you all down with it .
he squinted through blurred vision , took another drag of his cigarette and waited with queer hesitation .
how could i drag her into this kind of life ?
more shoe prints , more drag lines , a few droplets of blood .
at the end of that next , shorter , hazy-aired passage the footprints , drag marks , and occasional blood droplets continued until the trio reached a rotting wooden door .
his brother ignored him and continued to drag him away from the shuttle .
he would send some shocking monster to capture them and drag them to his castle for torture and enslavement !
do n't drag me into all of this .
okay let 's drag this table into the middle of the room so we can all sit around it .
`` i 'll drag him back if i have to , but let me take the call-man for my own . ''
maggie took a small drag .
while it took four men including rei , they were able to free the chamber and drag it out into the area next to the ark .
they saw two men walking through the main drag of the town , chatting it up .
you drag him into your stupid plot every time .
but they couldnt help letting their strides drag them an ounce or two faster as they started approaching the tower .
he could feel mantras weight drag him slower , and the fury of the fires all over him seemed to have bounded now : the fiery tongues seemed to dance about with a renewed fervour , as though acting with a mind to strike down the lone survivor .
you two , drag jownes .
coldhand tried to grab at the arcadian 's overextended wrist in an attempt to drag him to the ground , but his hand closed on something smoother than skin or cloth and the slender man slipped from his grasp .
with great exertion , i managed to drag the body into a position where it could not be seen from the temple entrance .
id really rather not , but they help me to my feet , drag me back to the capsule and strap me back in .
he looked behind himself and saw that the coils were beginning to drag with him across the floor .
the older men , and the women , stayed on the bottom , to drag the chunks of carcass over to the elevator , and attach them to a rope to be pulled up .
more people had climbed up to help drag it out .
i need one person in mech to drag those bear carcasses over to the meat pile and move them away from the cave mouth .
he was even more shocked to see the new demons drag the demon queens head to the edge of the forest .
the ones we had to drag out with the mother ?
max led the engineering group that developed the hook , a device that enabled a ship to reach into side space , and drag itself onto the carrier currents for a ride , which traveled in an infinite number of directions .
max moved to drag the vampire king away , but was caught off-guard when vladros desperately thrust a clawed glove up into the young lycan 's face - the glove having a rhodium coating on the palms and metal fingernails .
she was eager to be free of the desert which seemed determined to drag back memories of her childhood .
then why the hell did you drag me out of my bed and bring me down here ?
enough commotion has occurred downstairs to cool the mood and time is awastin so spud and i drag ourselves apart , dress and toddle down .
we finally drag our wrinkled bodies out of the pool into the rapidly warming morning air .
eventually someone thinks , how about we put a rope around its neck and drag it .
if you had to spy on and report about someone , it might as well be people you 'd see anyhow ; that was less suspicious and less of a drag .
this was a drag , and he felt restless and irritable .
and he will , and then i 'll arrest him , drag him to my car , throw him inside , drive onto the freeway , and then pistol- whip him out of the car in front of a truck .
`` i 'm sorry , but all this is beside - `` 'to minimize drag , '' casey continued , `` the aircraft has to hold a very precise altitude , or position in the air .
and i laughed and told him that it was useless to drag unknown factors into the situation , that it was too easy a solution .
`` help drag up the furniture -- and keep that torch out of my eyes .
the skin on her wrist was more elastic than normal tissue , not a lot , but enough so she could drag it out from under the manacle .
he continued to have the impulse to drag the back of his hand across his forehead in order to wipe away the accumulating sweat .
the truth is , commissioner , i do n't want to drag up matters of the past .
would i drag him to court and force a legal decision upon him ?
just shoot lentrall 's robot , pull it out of the way , and drag lentrall out .
ignoring his foot , rex helped dess drag the whole pile across the black tar and through the door into the shelter of the stairwell .
he said : `` why 'd you drag me away from important work ?
`` i 'd rather die ; you could n't drag me into court . ''
my mouth opens and i drag in a lungful of acidic but breathable air .
i grabbed him and started walking down the hall as quickly as i could drag the little guy .
when you drag yourself inside panting and leaving a trail of bloody footprints behind you , it makes a certain impression .
`` i just do n't want to drag someone else into more trouble with me . ''
i gasped for breath when my head broke water , and someone helped me drag michael 's body over to the shallows at the side of the river .
if so , he used them to try to drag if away , but to no avail .
she would eventually drag him inside , but he intended to hold off as long as possible .
i need to know anything that the company might drag up about you .
they wait to capture you-all of you-and drag you into their embrace .
muttering a prayer to merciful domi , raoden released the rock and let the river drag him beneath its unseen surface .
`` some of them have swords now , and whenever one of my men falls they drag his weapons away from him . ''
the pols wanted to drag me off to a forced-labor camp -- one in georgia -- where i 'd be gangbanged to death by rednecks , but he protected me .
she followed duncan down into a shallow swale beside the bole of a giant pilingitam and , when people arose out of the darkness to drag them down , she almost responded in berserker mode but a voice speaking chakobsa in her ear said : `` friends ! ''
wrapped around him , the tongue began to drag him , very slowly , toward the open laws .
your responsibility-they have to drag you along and make you help people .
he relaxed and let them drag him wherever it was they wanted to take him .
but the thought that even more cranks might be down here , maybe even waiting for them up ahead ... brenda pulled up and turned right , grabbing thomas 's arm to drag him along .
which could only mean one thingthey were going to drag him .
do n't make me drag you in . ''
he could only drag himself toward the berg .
jorge helped minho drag the guard to the floor and was stomping the man 's arm until he finally let go of the pistol he 'd pulled from his belt ; minho kicked it across the floor , and a woman picked it up .
then these psycho dudes in black masks jump out and drag me into the backseat . ''
how to drag it loose from the nape , the backdrop , surrounding it ?
it would be a tremendous drag on my time . ''
you know , to drag the other person 's eyes downward .
`` anybody and everybody who ca n't fight or support the fight-they 'll just drag us down . ''
`` just pray it does n't drag us off this mountain , '' said bonnett .
he jockeyed the planes to keep them on an even keel with the least drag .
`` well it does drag , '' murphey said .
my legs were so numb and wooden that as the path got steeper , jeb had to half drag me up the incline .
or if we let this drag on , only to have it end badly , which seems inevitable ?
he pulled himself off me , and i tried to drag myself away .
`` oh , nor he could n't drag the package up , it was so water-logged .
straining , he managed to drag the thimble a little bit away from the waterfall and let the quivering surface still itself .
it took all the strength he had remaining to drag the box over the sponge .
then it occurred to him that he 'd need the hook to drag the slice of bread back to the cliff edge .
he watched marty 's elephantine hand close over the handle of the second suitcase and drag it raspingly across the metal table , then drop it on the floor .
it had n't been my idea to drag my ax all the way down here , after all .
like i wanted to drag him to bombay .
after long seconds of unwinding , i managed to drag the player out and get the phones into my ears .
the kelp did not drag at the raft the way it did on a coracle 's hull .
he weighed more than two hundred pounds , and she had to drag him out by the collar while the lions circled and snarled at her .
dodgson wrapped his hands around her boot , trying to hold on , trying to drag her with him .
together they were strong enough to drag melissa along .
what the un was angling for here was a quid pro quo ; they would drag their feet , not act against eldritch unless and until leo bulero made some move to curtail his can-d shipments ; he sensed this , but could not of course prove it .
the men started to drag chris off .
but maybe it would take too long to drag him out , especially if the whole neighborhood had woken up ...
`` i bid you farewell until such time as you drag me up here again to play this tragic game of yours . ''
to drag along in the dust ?
he did n't drag her all the way up against that ripped , oiled body , just halfway , more was the pity .
`` ah , '' said witchfinder sergeant shadwell , and took another drag on his cigarette .
believe me , i could go down to the sea tonight , drag myself down there on my hands and knees .
by slow measures , she and the others managed to help him heave up onto the line of the shoals , though the rocks crumbled as he clawed at them , and the waves tried to drag him back down .
and no matter how far or how fast he ran , or how well he hid , they would find him and drag him back onto the stage , in front of dozens of expectant faces .
once , long ago , he tied me to a log , and had a donkey drag me through the dust , to the seat of mawu who made all things . ''
`` let 's discard his weapons and drag him to the car , '' she said , straightening .
`` if you drag him on your own , you can have him .
and you 're helping me drag . ''
and if i could n't find a car , i would drag him all the way to the station house on foot .
and just like that , before i could drag in a breath , he was on me again , shoving me down , his hands wrapping around my throat to choke me .
besides , weakened as he was , she suspected he still might be able to drag himself into hiding while she was distracted .
expensive as hell to acquire , and hard as hell to drag through one wormhole after another-the standard way to planet hop-but air hq and all air vehicles were comprised of the necessary materials .
he was too big and too heavy for her to drag back to his cage .
her nails dug into his chest , and he was n't sure whether she meant to push him away or drag him closer .
and when the survivors tried to drag him out , he caused them to levitate and crash into the building .
i drag the heel of my hand over my cheeks .
if i do n't drop at the right time , the moving cars and metal scaffolding will drag at my body and carry me with them , and then i will really die .
i drag my heavy hand up , taking the blindfold with it , and blink .
my arms shake violently as i drag myself forward , and i pull my feet up under me before the wave can take me with it .
i swing my leg up and drag the rest of my body onto the ledge .
i drag my hand from his neck to the small of his back , and put it under his shirt .
i grab peter 's sleeve and drag him toward the nearest building .
i drag him down the hallway , not the way i came , but another way , toward an emergency exit .
i drag a chair over to sit next to her .
two other men drag me out of bed , and i scream in pain when the leg hits the ground .
they drag me closer .
these jokers could n't even be bothered to drag the bags to the dumpster , maybe twenty yards away .
my father she could drag to mass maybe twice a year .
the struggle was brief , and afterward chewbacca helped him drag the dazed trooper into an alley .
he gave several dramatic bows and let the snow-haired woman drag him away from the party .
another one latched onto his other leg , and for a horrifying second , ethan thought they would drag the chopper to the ground .
it went limp , the man underneath it screaming and flailing against the weight as two of the cross-dressed men helped drag the abby off him .
ethan dropped one more gear , took a slow left turn onto the main drag out of town .
`` but i did n't drag you down here just to be the bearer of bad news .
my suite was down the hall from knox 's , and i would have given anything to drag benjy inside and disappear for the rest of the night .
you have every right to be upset with her , but do n't drag celia down based on her rank .
though cress screamed and kicked , sybil managed to drag her all the way back to the satellite 's main room , tossing her like a bag of broken android parts on the floor .
`` i could drag it , or- '' `` let 's go in there , '' i said , pointing to the cafe .
she took another drag on the cigarette , digesting that .
'my feet drag on the ground when i try to sit on a horse . '
the night seemed to drag on forever .
'i suppose so - if you do n't drag it out too long . '
that 's no mean trick in arendia , where the people just love to drag things out .
'wild horses could n't drag it out of me .
'let 's wait until gelane 's playmates go home before we collar him and drag him back to the barrel-works .
you 'll slow us down if i have to drag you through the air like a water-logged canoe . '
they watched the wounded soldier stumble into the basin , half-falling and rising again to drag himself along .
can you really drag an unconscious man underwater for any distance without drowning him ? '
'khalad , ' he called , 'tell your men to drag that battering ram up here .
each official had an honor guard of armored men to escort him - in some cases to drag him - down to the dungeon .
'i spent too much time and effort getting it into a safe place to turn around and drag it out every time there 's a change in the weather .
even if we could get it back up onto the road , the carriage horse would n't be able to drag it through the drifts . '
'even if we have to drag him , ' garion added .
`` yarblek , am i going to have to drag every single scrap of information out of you ? ''
he 's going to take urgit , even if he has to drag him by the hair .
`` we may have to drag him away from here in the morning , '' he noted .
`` what could be so earthshaking that it would drag the chief of the bureau of internal affairs away from the comforts of mal zeth ? ''
`` why do n't we drag all these bodies over behind the temple ? ''
though belgarion had already learned that his son was not within the city , he hoped that close questioning might drag the child 's whereabouts from ulfgar .
she was left for dead , but she managed to drag herself to our gate , and she was able to pass on some information before she died . ''
the sea would inexorably drag her under .
just bring a lady of noble birth to the chapel -even if you have to drag her by the hair . ''
the week seemed to drag , although there were many , many things that had to be done .
i have to drag affectionate words out of you . '
with enormous effort , he rose to his elbows and began to drag himself after the savage who had struck him down .
`` let 's drag them back to that trench they were hiding in , '' sparhawk said .
if they catch him , they 're going to drag him back and force him to marry her . ''
the days seemed to drag on as they moved through the unpopulated mountains of central thalesia .
'i can drag it in here and we can talk old times until we both fall asleep . '
'wild horses could n't drag it out of me , my lord , ' sparhawk told him , holding out his goblet .
i hate just to drag them out into the open countryside and leave them for the jackals . '
i can almost guarantee you that the church knights will be in chyrellos when the time comes to elect the new archprelate , because there wo n't be anything going on in rendor to drag them away ' 'very clever , sparhawk . '
`` captain hook-beak has to persuade your sister to let him do things his way , but he ca n't drag it out for too long .
`` there are several limits involved if you drag your body along .
`` we 'll have to drag the albatross on down to the water . ''
it 's a fair distance back to our camp , and your deer 's probably heavy enough to wear us both out by the time we drag him there .
after we 've killed those reindeer hunters , we could drag them all on up to the border and just leave them there .
`` he 'll be leading the malavi who 'll go off to tonthakan to drag keselo 's catapult sleds here .
they said that it 'd take all winter to break granite loose and drag it up here .
the days seemed to drag on as pantal 's men re-caulked the albatross , and gunda spent most of his time in veltan 's map-room studying the region where the war here would most probably take place .
there was all sorts of rubbish in the storeroom , but rabbit was sure that he could drag most of it out-enough , anyway , to give him room for digging .
`` we need quite a few people up here on the berm to drag in those drowned enemies .
now they 're about to drag us back into howling barbarism again , and i do n't have any choice but to go along with it .
`` do n't drag it out too much , garion , '' the old man advised .
they stoned me finally and tried to drag me back to the village to burn me at the stake .
`` let 's drag them all over there a ways , '' barak said to hettar .
if the ship does n't break up , she comes out like a rock from a sling , and we pass through the riptides beyond the maelstrom before they can slow us down and drag us back . ''
i was n't safe here , i knew that , but i could n't drag myself from the cool stream .
we reached abby and jenna but cade did n't release me as he continued to drag me forward .
`` well , then i 'll drag you out of here ! ''
she starts to pull on her dreads , yelling that she wins , she f**king wins , even as they start to drag her away .
they drag me over to drop me in the bed in a room next to dallas 's .
she barely has time to process what happened when the handler grabs her by the ankle and begins to drag her-caveman style-toward the exit .
then james closes his eyes , and lets them drag him to his feet and out the door .
i 'm afraid he might actually drag me down with him .
i wipe it away with my taped-up fingers , then drag my arm across my forehead .
i pull his arm across my shoulders and half lift , half drag him to the infirmary .
`` or are you gon na drag me back to your dad and his pals ? ''
i turn away , taking another drag on my cigarette .
as the minutes drag on , pascao takes a seat next to me and rubs his hands together .
i stumble through the darkness and feel along the walls until i find a door that leads outside , then drag myself into a back alley .
the minutes drag on .
`` we 're gon na need to record all the evidence , every last detail as we drag him out of his car and put some bullets in him .
one , two , three ... long seconds drag by .
the hours drag on into evening , then night .
commander jameson holds up a hand , then turns to her right while the soldiers drag me up to a platform .
two soldiers drag me out into a familiar hallway .
back to drag day out into the yard .
i do n't care if soldiers find us in this railway car and drag us away .
it would please lorraine , he thought , to drag me all the way to versailles .
they drag him into the kitchen , and seth can see the driver throwing the bookcase off itself with improbable strength .
seth 's legs wo n't support his weight , and they have to almost drag him across the floor .
then she walks past me , walks back along the drag marks , walks to the door i saw open in the side of the wreckage , climbs up and disappears inside .
i ask , huffing and puffing as we drag him to the side of the road .
i see mr. collins notice a sign from behind me and he steps forward again , fist back and- ( i ca n't help it ) i jerk away from him so hard i drag the chair a few inches to the side- ( shut up ) and the punch never falls .
he feels around a little more and starts to drag something larger out of the pack .
and now i see bradley kneeling down to viola and the spackle leader grabbing up 1017 and pretty much throwing him back to the other spackle , who drag him away , and i see viola digging in her pocket for her comm- `` todd ? ''
`` you gon na make me drag him ? ''
glass contemplated swimming on alone , but instead helped dominique drag la vierge ashore .
`` sorry to drag you in . ''
after setting up half of them , i figured out i could drag them rather than carry them and that sped things up .
`` with ideal atmospheric drag , it 'll impact at 300 meters per second . ''
`` must have been drag .
i only ever wanted joel to be happy so i let him drag me into the dive .
the water in the shower got cold and i managed to drag myself out .
looks too bad , buddy one of them addressed to the other guard seems like he ca n't even drag himself , leave alone walking .
the way id managed to drag an unconscious pat through a blazing inferno .
time seemed to drag on as they sailed in the abyss of ocean .
he took a puff of his cigarette and offered stacy a drag .
her mother had to forcibly drag her to the car when it was time to go to school .
darius and his brother lived on a main drag so it would be little trouble to get there by bus .
tir felt a prickle of uneaseit was as though the wolf wanted to drag out his approach , to give tir enough time to grow nervous .
she was much faster than the pack wolves , and she knew the forest better ; but the bite on her leg given to her by that grey packwolf was slowing her down , and she was beginning to drag .
what makes you think you can drag their trash into their own colony without severe ramificationson us , heroeshico ?
dang , i wanted to kidnap you that first day of apprenticeship , and drag your pretty bee_hind back home .
i slowly drag my belly button with some boot toes aid towards the two-tier step ladder , desperately avoiding .
i drag the dress straight to the mirror then eye burn me and mirror .
i slowly stand and grunt like a wounded animal and painfully drag my aching tissues , bones , muscles towards the low part of the wall , peeping over .
i jump , kitten-like upright from behind the sofa , drag my gown behind me , running swiftly to the stairs , when a second male appears .
some citizens drag their bags of merchandise , running and crying , loudly .
the twin brother-guards appear beefy , big , and strong viciously pulling and then forcefully drag me down the empty hallway .
the black gown plunders into a v-shaped neckline in the front with a big black bow tied at my waist and a long straight skirt attached to the four feet dress train , which is going to drag behind me for miles .
rann fingers left as i purposefully drag my dress behind ranns body .
tom rudely finger points out the door towards our new bunk placement on the prison planet while i drag my tired cowgirl boots on the clean shiny gold tile to my new permanent i mean.temporary living quarters .
i drag my wet boots like a dying grandma along the hard pavement , seeing in the distance the illuminated city lights reflecting off the dark sky while i dont remember the weather pattern rain on commerce either .
once i reach the patio i can drag myself over the border of the patio with my physical strength and .
school , you always drag in that dreadful institution , argus .
i need a drag .
dallas concludes as the outside speaker blasts the musical words of the song dirty deeds , done dirt cheap duplicating the tune on caroles cell while argus and mella drag their bee_hinds last in the semi-circle then dallas annoys and chuckles .
chapter 3 : or not as soon as the bell rang , trina tried to drag rigel out of the room .
as they run , emmet and sinead scoop her up and drag her along with them .
what has to be days drag by horrifically slowly because of the lack of a window , it is impossible to tell what time it is , or even if it is night or day .
* * * fourth avenue was a long , straight drag to the finish and safe under the circumstancesthough the circumstances were about to change .
after i call lawrence , i put the lowlife bodies in a black trash bag , drag them out back and put them in the garden box marked compost .
blue wanted desperately to march out the door and drag him back in by the collar of his shirt to give him a good thrashing , but she knew that might be slightly conspicuous .
he took a drag on his cigarette , wide eyes staring at nothing .
he only managed to pique the curiosity of the passersby , which stared in bewilderment at the young man pushing the statues or trying to drag them from their places .
you fill it up with food and then you can drag it home without having to carry it all on your back in a bundle .
said he doesnt want to be the one to drag me home in pieces .
ill drag you up the tree and throw you at the pigbirds myself !
dont drag them into this .
they drag their swords onto the ground and then up in the air so as to entice the arcs to come at them .
a minute passed which seemed to drag on forever , and then a voice said , thank you !
i drag myself up each step , trying not to breathe , not to inhale that sickly scent like rusty death .
i drag myself onward .
eighteen morning the next day seem to drag as i slowly pulled my way from the entanglement id found myself in within my sheets .
you will die slowly and painfully human unless you stop fighting and allow us to drag you to the shore .
derek screams as two neanderthals grasp him by the arms and drag him out of the auditorium .
you too , al , paula added quickly , before taking hold of my hand to drag me down the street , where i received many random happy birthdays .
god forbid matt was here because i knew he would freak out in front of everyone and drag me to my car before anyone even realized what they were looking at .
i was just about to try , when a hand grabbed my arm and drag me toward the bus station .
he hooked the ax over the ropes that bound the woman 's feet and began to drag her to the edge of the parking lot , away from the vehicles .
when it releases from the balloon , a small parachute or drag strip will make it flip over during descent so the foam padding hits first .
then a moment later i saw the package drop , drag strip trailing behind .
blotches of red , blue , orange , yellow , pink , and white exploded before her eyes , and a black mist hovered at the edges of her vision , threatening to drag her down again into unconsciousness .
he placed chopped-up branches as rollers , chose his route , and began to drag the craft downhill .
i drag my lengthy dress and walk back to the costumes hanging on padded hangers by the antique-like mobile clothes rail .
a moment passes , and i drag my lengthy dress out of the dressing room to find zachary , but hes gone .
i push my mug aside , drag the bag closer and unzip the cover .
we each drag our boxes out of the crate and open them together .
self-consciously i drag my newly cut bangs in front of my eyes thinking man , if i only had my sunglasses this would be ten times easier .
i helped drag him out of the storm .
she would n't give him time to drag her down the ocean and shove her in .
those shadowy hands reached up again to drag her down to oblivion .
desperately trying to drag oxygen into my lungs , i thrashed around , but it was impossible with his weight on top of me .
i was about to grab zeke by his elbow and drag him back toward the field , back toward the safety of numbers , but he shook my hand free and stepped toward the woman instead .
with quick thinking , i drag her backward to replant my foot and hold on for dear life .
tasha and skarlett worked together and managed to drag his large frame into the makeshift lean-to .
im glad sir albion didnt drag out your lesson today .
its too big for us to cut up or drag back , unless you ...
the others seemed to be having difficulty with cellys massive wings , unsure how and where to wrap them so that they wouldnt drag on the ground , or hang down from the stretcher while it was carried .
he spent way too much of his time going to the beach and trying to drag me there with him .
what did you drag me out here for ?
so everyone walked back but jane , though jackson had to half drag ian away from talking with all the dinosaurs .
she took an extra-long drag on her cigarette .
the internal war he was waging was intense enough to drag him inside himself .
she gave herself one more look-over , taking her boots off and letting her feet drag around in the mud .
at that moment the hotel room door opened and three men with their faces screwed up in anger stepped inside , grabbing both of them to then drag them into the corridor .
she was putting up quite a struggle as tiny will tried with all his might to drag her , making little progress as she held onto one of the wooden poles laughing and fussing that he was going to mess up her suntan lotion .
still , lil had to admit that , so far , this morning had passed quicker than yesterday afternoon , which had seemed to drag endlessly once harry had dropped her and mary off at the house .
my sisters have been such a drag lately anyway .
you going to drag him back here kicking and screaming ? ''
i stand from my chair watching her ratty dress drag on the hard flooring .
the faint grunts and nosily boot toes drag toms burning shell into an open hallway as rann holsters the maser into a pouch then retrieved his personal silver dagger .
i halt and stare with eyeballs into a jail cell room with an open steel metal door then realize the female prisoner is trying to drag a larger female prisoner from her prison jail cell bed mattress towards the open archway .
i dive into the car , agent orange already pulling it sharply away from the kerb as i drag my legs in after me .
i drag it over to me .
she bent down , grabbed patton by the arm , and began to drag him down the trench .
i let my tentacles drag across the sand on the ocean floor .
so you would not try to drag your sister back , if she did not wish to go with you ?
i know hell go back to working if i dont drag this out a little longer , so i sit down and slide my legs in .
i bag it all up in one of the free trick or treat bags mr. schmidt always gives away to anyone who spends over five bucks in october , and drag it all up onto the roof with me .
i drag him from the cage , slam the door and lock it shut .
i squeeze her arm and drag zed to my table .
you drag him , i huff .
nice , is all he says , and i dont drag anything for the rest of the day .
i groan , drag a sweaty arm across my dirty forehead and run past the goal , gathering up all the balls that didnt quite score and slipping them inside the bag .
now , one more thing i drag him along with me , back past the candy aisle , and the paper plate aisle , and the motor aisle , to the chip aisle , which is right across from the long row of coolers in the back of the store .
she grabbed renee by the hair and used all of her weight to drag her to the floor , smacking her head against it several times before jax pried her clenched fingers from renees hair .
he ran his teeth the length of my earlobe and then said if everyone wouldnt get so pissed i would drag you to the nearest justice of the peace tonight and make you mine .
i only needed to drag it out a few more minutes and i could ask chrissy out .
i willed don away , searching for that red-haired chic hed been with in the crowd to latch onto and drag over there .
now id have to drag faye out of bed tomorrow .
you dont need a drag off the pipe to feel the effects of the jimsen weed .
it was a long and embarrassing walk ; the lady seemed to drag her through the most crowded streets of nikkoi .
fine , you may drag me around today .
he ignored the rest of her protests and continued to drag her through the thick crowd .
maybe that would drag out the bit of anger she needed .
i managed to drag myself up but it was all i could do to wobble back to the bed , which seemed miles away .
i tried with every ounce of my strength to drag myself away from his gaze , but i couldnt .
he envied her for that , as to him homework was a drag , and getting a b was an accomplishment .
the water was still the enemy and aaron was trying to drag me down with him .
i turn to watch him drag his hand through his hair , pulling it away from his face before it falls back into his eyes .
well , yeah i drag out before i swallow the piece of apple i was chewing .
i know she will want to talk about it ; she will want to drag it out of me kicking and screaming .
she frequents these things ; shes even tried to drag me to a few .
its enough to drag me from the depths of my deepest pits , into the shallow grasp of the monster .
i drag the blanket over my eyes , ignoring her question , and roll onto my side waiting until she walks out .
the hours drag on until finally my cell door opens .
seconds drag into minutes and i jump at every noise .
chris takes a drag .
this is such a drag , i ca n't tell you .
they talk a little about walking across the street to the class , and what a drag it is .
i couldnt drag them into this and watch them die beside me .
the brilliant blue paint on my dream car shimmered in the sunlight as i approached the mustang corral on the main drag in podunk , usaotherwise known as marysville , washington .
who else but osiris could drag the dead out of the ground , he joked , his hazy eyes on oz .
she was fawning over him as if she was really interested in the drag racing story he was telling a couple of his friends .
her eyes followed the groups of people and couples moving down the street onto the busy main drag .
dont drag me into that shit .
angel took another drag before she continued .
so i decided i would drag him all the way back to my house .
she watched the fairy use the spike at the bottom of its wing to stab the leaf and drag it out from under the windshield wiper .
she only managed to drag half of his body out of the river before she fell back in the dirt , exhausted .
tia , well , i would drag her on reins with my arms full of bloody shopping and lists .
most of the boys had to drag themselves through the process of undressing , showering , and dressing in their street clothes .
i swooped down into it and let my feet drag slightly before landing .
it wasnt fair really to drag him out to sit in a doctors waiting room anyway , no matter how much i needed a familiar face with me .
feeling a disquieting feeling in my gut , like i was getting myself sucked into something stupid and girly , i let her drag me back through the wending ways of edward teller middle school to the cafeteria .
these quadcopters were going to drag me back , and i accepted that .
i had to find one one that was strong enough to drag you to solid ground .
at the house we parked his car and stopped inside to drag one or two of the assholes with us to hildys tavern .
i was in the act of setting my hands on the ground to drag my body out from the bush to leave these strangers to their demented dance when i noticed the wiry dog trotting into the clearing .
why drag me all the way here ?
she would usually drag dad along even though he didnt like shopping at all .
mum had to drag me out of bed .
jayden and matt grab my arms and drag me , making me walk with them .
pranksters would drag it out of its orbit and hide it behind another planet , and then they would observe the awkward earthlings who tend to spend much of their time alone , gazing at the stars .
he eventually won the debate and a horrified audience watched the big maniac with the deep voice and the odd lisp play harriets part in drag .
i looked nervously back down into the hatch , expecting to see daniel or agatha racing up the ladder to drag me back to safety .
what gave them the right the drag me out of my world and hold me hostage in an underground bunker and then not share anything with me ?
she was trying to drag me to the bottom .
so thus , the innkeeper and one of the stable boys had to drag a small cot into the room , although they left grumbling about all of the effort for a girls complaints .
the little gringok rushed in a bow , before doomba yelled , drag her away to the dungeons , away from my sight !
dont drag me to that .
why would they drag these innocent people around me and kill them one by one in front of me ?
i scream impatiently , grasping crewes arm to drag him up forcefully .
toby said the police would find me if i slept outside on the park bench and drag me back to nine crosses , but they would find me here , too .
great , hes going to totally try to drag this out .
my eyelids begin to droop as i climb up the steps , and my feet begin to drag .
hes going to drag me out of my bed to god knows where and do god knows what to me !
lets drag his fat ass to my minivan , ill take him home .
hes going to drag my death out .
hes going to look up right now and see me , and reach up and drag me off the stage .
there were four white lines , like the ones you get when you drag a credit card down your arm .
somehow , though , steven felt he would drag along on this journey a sense of guilt and obligation that he would never be able to bear .
me liking to study , of course no , come on , no , no , its a drag to be honest .
it was to the rodents advantage to drag the dwarves into the woods , making it harder for them to pass through while it would be easier for it to twist its way through the trees .
he watched sami drag herself to the green chair and collapse into it .
he settled himself comfortably in the flyers seat again and watched evanstons main drag .
i drop my bag at the foot of the stairs and drag my feet to the living room .
i watch him bring his cigarette to his lips , watch him take a long drag , watch him blow the smoke from the corner of his lips and sigh .
i work at scoops , one of two-dozen kitschy olde ice-cream shoppes on westervelts main drag .
dread was setting in , and if she said no he thought hed probably drag her out anyway .
the doctor asked , standing adjacent to the paramedic in a peter pan pose , watching her very efficient team drag over a myriad of equipment , root through drawers for gauzes and bandages , and stab a cannula into the crook of erics arm .
she let loose a panicked scream as she tried to drag the boy away , run !
his leg was twisted at the wrong angle , causing him to drag ithence the stumbling .
you come , or we drag you , one of them growled , hauling on henrys arm .
chapter 20 aliah it wasnt fair to drag shai to kent without giving her some kind of explanation .
`` you 'll move even if i got ta drag you . ''
chapter 50 aliah it wasnt fair to drag shai to kent without giving her some kind of explanation .
school was a drag .
i thought i was going to have to drag you down the stairs .
we stood in silence and stared at each other for a few seconds , but of course it was an awkward silence that seemed to drag on forever .
his voice was whispers : `` the slavemaster had you drag me to the kennels , '' he said .
alli , another girl in our group , came over to help us drag our feet to the street .
i could break free if i wanted to , but i let robin drag me down the hall to her first class .
olivias feet drag tiredly as she walks back toward the living room .
i dont want to drag you into the middle of this , evie , but could you try i mean , just try to convince her that i still love her , and if she ever stops hating me long enough to listen , ill explain everything ?
my parents good church-going folks that they are would come up here and drag me back to oklahoma so fast i 'd leave a trail of blond hair behind me , if they thought i was living with a girl .
how dare you drag him into this ? ! '
i tried to drag myself out of my own head .
tammie has to practically drag devon out of the house to get him out from under the clutches of her grandmother .
i gathered up the blanket so it wouldnt drag on the floor and started walking to lucy .
she allowed her husband to drag her away from the children , her head lowered and her bottom lip jutting as she fought to keep herself from crying .
my swimming training kicked in and i sliced into the water , my body hardly presenting any drag .
cool air assaulted my face as the entrance shut before me and my legs worked unwillingly to drag myself back into my room .
no one seemed to be able to drag their eyes away from him as he walked past coach halloway , the stand-in for coach marston as he was being investigated for the pool incident .
i groaned , knowing that this would lead to nowhere except complainville for lainie , and shed drag the rest of us along for the ride .
i let you drag me all the way out here because im looking for answers .
i drag myself up off the couch and go to my bedroom .
ill come and drag you back here in two minutes , okay , stacey offered with a sympathetic pat on my back .
the most damage was done on the main drag strip running through the town center .
obediently he took a long drag , but then began to cough : at first , it tasted like honey , but the aftertaste was spicy , like ginger and cumin mixed together .
i dont have time right now ill tell you later , he said as he continued to drag a screaming and crying brooke outside .
but at least i wasnt making a drunken fool out of myself or letting some guy drag me around to look for the right lug nut or whatever .
he spread his arms and legs as wide as he could , and with relief he felt the drag of the water slowing him down .
his bedside unit was right up against his bed and he managed to drag the bag towards him so that it flopped down onto the mattress .
kaylee had to wake me up and practically drag me up to my room while the other girls hung out in the lounge , rehashing the entire evening .
i held onto the broken window frame , feeling it sag as i used it to drag my legs out into the alley .
she tried to drag them , but stopped after a few feet .
when her husband finally showed up to drag her away , she told me that her number was in the phone book and that i should , not could , call her during the day while daddy was at work .
she turned down the volume of her ipod and then anticipated for the dog to drag its master closer to her .
i didnt have much time to think about it though as i was met with another of the fallen , this one a huge warrior that had helped drag my parents here .
if youre cool with it , sloane asked exie , not wanting to drag her to something she didnt want to go to , but i could easily tell they were both kind of dying to go .
i had to , i didnt want to drag things out and then i paused not wanting to use sam as an excuse .
`` we 'll take your ski equipment home with us , '' cindy told kelly , `` that way you wo n't have to drag it around new york city . ''
grindylows are water demons with long fingers that drag children into the deep .
i fell to my knees and thats when they started to drag kelly and her team away .
davy ray sits his bee_hind inside the trunk as his legs drag on the barn flooring , while the atvs metal suspension groans in pain .
he yanked her by the hair and tried to drag her out of the car .
the old man took another long drag and enjoyed blowing hollow smoke circles in the air before announcing his decision .
im not cut like that dude in those silly twilight movies , but i chop wood , drag deer and seem to always have some heavy pack of something on my back , so im strong even when im not angry .
tt do you copy i was going to have to drag lilly out , kicking and screaming .
were all right behind you , i told elise , taking amaranths arm as gently as i could considering i intended to drag her out of there if necessary .
he retorts , beginning to drag me back toward the canyon mouth where wed been hiding earlier .
i barely had time to question his motives , though , before he started to drag me back into the dense trees towards my last lion battle .
felix mounted the deer , and held out his hand to drag me up after him .
i was suddenly scared and weak , but at the same time i felt so defiant i wanted to run up to lady jynes quarters and drag her from her satiny bed and throw her out of the window .
i figured it was just a way to drag everything out .
as mac allowed a long pause to drag out , daniel groaned : come on dad , how does he fit in ?
hey i drag out the word .
he started to drag yolan by the hair as he talked , tugging her jerkily towards the woods .
i didnt really answer , it was best to drag the mystery out .
sunday , december 11 chapter 47 i barely slept that night , and morning came too quickly ; i had to drag myself out of bed .
i grab a knob of rock and drag myself up .
she was grateful when kevin allowed the silence to drag on .
im worried the grinch will come out here and drag me back inside .
my hair is a complete rats nest , so i steal the comb thats lying on the dresser and attempt to drag it through my hair .
its less work to just drag in the carcass .
if none of you drag your feet , the procession can leave by noon and i will have my peace .
now come on before i drag you to your feet .
the gun felt too heavy in coltons hands , as if it would drag him down if he fired a single round .
they had to drag me away from him kicking and screaming , and i missed a week of school while i 'calmed down . '
tucking my hands under my arms , bent over like an old woman against the chill , i drag myself up to the main road , planning to head for town .
getting slowly out of bed , my body protesting with every shift of muscle , i drag myself over to the desk and sit down in front of the book , fingers resting lightly on the surface .
i drag my head up and meet his eyes , dark pools of sympathy and apology for something he has n't done .
oblivion is hovering , waiting to drag me under , stealing my fight and i grapple with renewed vigor , ignoring the burning in my throat , the slice of his too-long nails digging into my skin .
i drag myself back to the moment , deciding to worry about his culpability later .
yet all the signs attesting to the hidden danger couldnt drag me away from him .
max continues to drag martin until they are out of the house , off the porch , and back in the clearing .
i drag my fingers up and down the length of my inner arm , expecting to feel the familiar sharpness and pain of my nails .
this is my battle , selena , and i wont drag you into it .
selena allowed the dancers to drag her to the center of the crowd , shooting titus a glare as he followed , his laughter mingling with the rhythm of drum and guitar .
another soldier helped drag the boy away .
bambi took a long drag of her cigarette .
i wipe the sleep from my eyes and drag myself into the bathroom .
i drag my tray over to connor and claire sitting it down with a thump .
xander , i love you like a brother , but i break wind all the time without having to drag you out to a field to see me do it .
shane thought he would grab him and try to drag him from the car .
we stayed wrapped in each others arms until idrys came back to drag him away .
maybe that thing was trying to drag out that information from them , and perhaps it had even succeeded , i dont know .
i turned away from her and continued to drag my tired legs to my room .
thats why id let dani drag me out tonight .
i felt the oceans grip on me and i pushed off the first sandbar , letting it drag me away from shore .
you had to drag me along .
ernie leaned forward so his elbows rested on his knees and he pulled another long drag off his cigarette .
chapter twenty-two : sicarius ( vanessa ) im almost running as i drag ketchup down the concrete stairs of peak view hospital .
she said even louder no longer allowing him to drag her to some secluded destination .
within minutes , all that was left of her was the blood stain and drag marks through the grass .
chapter 21 anastasia had managed to dress herself in one of the dead guards uniform and greatcoat , drag me outside , and put me in the coal barrow .
someone had joyah by her shoulders and was trying to drag her to her feet .
she could feel the drag in her shoulder and knew that it was working .
i try to scream out a warning to her , but before i can the waves rise up and drag her under .
no need to send a search party out to drag back your dead corpse .
i drag my broken body over to the wall and lean against it , defeated .
two male nurses appear , attempting to drag an old man out of his room and into the hallway .
time seems to drag in this shoebox of a room .
when the others come , we can make a litter to drag her back .
i drag the talon around my finger across the stone , leaving one of a thousand marks ive left before .
she made it to the road , afraid that the car would come up behind her and that bree would grab her by the hair and drag her back to the grassy area , her entry point into world 2 .
they couldnt drag a bleeding tuna back 200 miles without attracting other unwanted predators .
on keonis signal , all six mermaids again got into their pod formation as they swam back toward the caught tuna in order to drag it away from the bloody scene , but it was too late .
she could feel the menace behind her , like a haunting shadow she could not shake ; always there , always chasing , the cold dark hands reaching forwards , threatening to drag her backwards , clawing at her clothes , almost catching her .
it 's just such a drag having her for a mom .
i looked around for kids that might be spying , lit it , and took a deep drag .
soon other people joined in , talking about shit that happened when they were out cruising aroundyou know , stories about fights and drag racing and stuff like that .
and without her saying a word , i literally drag her from the crowd and push her toward my car .
i throw my bags at him and drag him along this time .
i bite my lips and drag him all the way to the mens formal section , then grab a select few shirts and push him into the changing room .
i drag my ankle-length pink cape tied at my waist over the dirty carpet .
and if you oppose huron , i will personally snatch that tail fin of yours , drag you to constance cove , and throw you back in myself !
the only difference being weaver jocks werent allowed to drag around three-foot clubs .
you always have these big ideas , trying to drag everyone along .
theyre going to drag your friends away to the nearest orphanage if you get involved .
his arm skin and lips began to drag behind him .
you would think so , but oddly there does not appear to be one , here help me drag the table over to give you a head start .
he placed the cigarette between his lips and lighting it took a slow long drag , inhaling the drug , the path through the trees turned away from the road and led him down the remote hillside , the canopy overhead darkening his route .
the gentle smell of oranges grows as i turn the dial to warm and finally drag my clothes from my body , this is my natural smell , the smell that al'ice adored .
i try to drag in another breath , but my chest hurts too much .
i hope you rot and burn in hell i hiss at her as they hang cuff her and drag her away .
eric heard bones moving beneath him and shrank back , thinking more skeletal critters were going to drag him down to make his acquaintance .
i drag him to our room .
ill drag it the rest of the way out , if i have to , i challenged with a stubborn grin .
waiting here is going to be worse than down in that cave after an hour had passed , beverly stopped by to drag me off to the cafeteria for a bite to eat , her treat .
he he was trying to drag her into an alley , where it was dark and secluded .
because , deary , fate snapped , the angry side of her personality suddenly at the surface , if a soul is free of its mortal shell anywhere near tartarus for even an instant , then he might think that it has escaped from his depths and drag it back under .
i drag my old tele uniform from the floor , shaking off the dirt .
the color of silver or white clothing items drag loosely on scientist jenn ; pink and blue properly fitted attire elegantly fit on actress jess .
there are only so many emergencies i could think of to drag them away . ''
he ordered one of the soldiers to drag the bodies away .
i know someone is trying to drag me down .
with every strength i had , i kicked furiously , trying to hit something , but it didnt budge , as the hands began to drag me below .
but do not drag thale into your plans .
she took a drag from her cigarette , the corners of her blistered lips drooping in disgust .
all i can make out are the dark outlines of two men trying to contain someone as they drag him from his cot .
they had to drag you in , and it was near impossible for me to follow along convincingly .
so why did i have to drag you through the willy shield or whatever ?
we would have to drag him back to the train .
the wind will catch it and drag you out and away from the carriage .
there was enough drag to slow us down and pull us out into the enormous cavern .
we find something to worship and then try to drag other people into it .
i tell them and drag them over where my school group stands .
lets go home i tried to drag him along but he refused .
i turned to leave but bd had caught my arm just in time to drag me down the stairs .
they would force me to drag them along in the name of moral support , though what they would really be after is to flirt with him , sleep with him and steal him from me .
maybe they were scared ; scared that i could use the same charm i had used to drag their three member family into their graves .
inez took a drag off his cigarette .
inez took a drag and narrowed his eyes .
the days ahead seemed to drag by slowly , as i waited for friday to arrive .
he tightened his grip on my coat and proceeded to drag me to my apartment .
`` alright , '' she said , lighting the end and blowing the first drag through the window .
the men kicked at me and shouted for me to get up , but i curled in on myself and let them drag me to my feet .
i laughed as she continued to drag me .
chapter five there was trouble brewing at discerning antiques , situated just off the main drag in the heart of downtown orlando , florida .
his headlong progress was given extra impetus by the picture in his mind of the camp in uproar : hoover limping back , shouting all the time ; bleary-eyed guards tumbling from their beds ; bolt stumbling out to see what the fuss was about ; then the frantic effort to drag on boots , collect rifles and to set off in hot pursuit .
his feet suddenly lifted as the snake started to drag him away from his friends .
phillip kicked out , trying to drag himself loose .
they will drag both of you in public and stone you in the streets .
i drag him over to another pipe and tape him to it .
i 'll knock him out , drag him outside , and the heist will happen as it 's supposed to .
i do my best to drag him off the sidewalk , but i ca n't make it .
yeah , and what a drag that was , mrs klamp interrupted .
they try to drag damien along , but he gracefully bows out .
the guy was heavy , and derek was thankful for his own bulk , otherwise hed have never managed to drag brians dead weight into the room .
if it makes you feel better , ill drag him back out into the hall so someone can find him , derek offered , grinning at her over the ridiculousness of it all .
i felt like i just took a long drag on a cigarette .
with a burning cigarette hanging loosely from his hair-covered lips , zeke flexed his large dirty hands and took an ungodly drag that immediately reduced a quarter of his smoke to ash .
i was ecstatic to start a new life for myself with no family drama , baggage , or history to drag me down .
with all the festivities going on , as much as i wanted to watch the drag show , i figured that might not be the ideal first date , and decided to leave .
`` i 'm not sure yet , '' i replied as my virgin lungs inhaled a drag .
he took a final drag of his cigarette and flicked it down at his feet .
after all , why kid myself and try to drag others into my crazy world ?
sophie lit her cigarette and took a long drag .
the first drag revived him , and he looked around puffing away as the brambles scraped by against the sides of the train .
later that night , ken called to let them know the good news that water on the big piney was nice and high so water would be plentiful and the odds of having to drag their canoes were almost nil .
as azuka walked he decided that for his own sake he needed to set some sort of limit as to how long this could drag on .
smith lit and took a drag on his next cigarette .
he lit it and took a long drag .
she raced to the other end of the room and started to drag the chair she had been sitting in moments ago .
jack turned his back on pierre and took another drag on the cigarette .
jack took a deep drag on his cigarette and brought a hand to his mouth .
the russian took a drag , exhaled and spit on the floor .
i took a deep drag on my cigarette .
since the white foam was so obvious in the blurred image , he was able to make sense of where to drag the razor , managing to scrape the foam and hairs under it from his skin without cutting himself .
she put her arms under his and started to drag his unconscious form to cover .
a few moments later , chris still staring back into the house , carl managed to drag the group outside .
tomorrow she would drag herself out of here , she knew the longer she clung to her bed the harder it would be to return to the real world , her only consolation at the moment was that daniel didnt go to her school so no-one would know unless she told them .
and suddenly , though shed clearly and carefully skirted the mud pit of my anger and humiliation , i found myself eager to drag her back and in .
gon na pounce on him an drag him home , i was !
i pounced on dale then , trying to drag him to his feet .
or else they attach a brick and have them drag it down the street .
if james really wanted to help him , he would grab the catch-pole , secure it around the mans neck , and drag him to the put-down room to visit ra .
and so , the very next day , claudio gathered his troops and announced the news : they would march all the way to the compact streets of imperial city , into the council house , and drag each villainous worm from his den for the empires justice .
this means it has very little aerodynamic drag .
everyday i wanted to grab you , drag you into my office and , well , you get the picture .
it took everything in his power to drag his feet ( and by extension the rest of his body ) across campus to his car in the alumni parking lot .
wasnt i dressed in drag too , at some point in the making of that video ?
meanwhile , he told me , dont forget about the driver , and all that belongs to the driver he cant drag his cart along without the ox .
passing close enough to mars to drag it out of its own orbit , and cause significant disruption , it then passed on by the earth .
i have been dressing myself for as long as i can remember , and unless i specifically request your help , do not presume to take it upon yourselves to dress me , drag me from my bed or force feed me breakfast .
i drag out the metal stool from under the desk the desk we just fucked on and sit my throbbing ass down .
i clench my fists as he begins to drag sharp needles through the sensitive , scarred flesh that covers my hipbone .
she grabbed me by the arm and tried to drag me with her to the women 's clothing department .
that means you ca n't drag ass on this like you usually do . ''
as long as it doesnt drag on too long that is .
finally , as the night became late , they all began to drag themselves back to their tents .
hell serve it to you in the library , although id make you drag your useless septic self to the damned table .
tad grasped stewart by the top of the head to drag him up and steer him out of the corner .
why dont we drag dad along and test the new theory ?
she wants to get well ; they want to avoid responsibility , drag things out so that it becomes impossible for her to get well and they can save money .
the chinese influx has been a definitive and concerted effort to drag the tibetans into chinese society ; they planted the chinese inside to try to curb dissention .
long fingernails brushed the tip of her cigarette in the ashtray as she knocked the ash off and took a last drag .
what if she had a relapse , and we had to drag her out of bed and back to the hospital ?
you drag me out of an important meeting and subject me to these baseless accusations .
*** dee had managed to drag herself to the door and look out .
the place creaked with the constant chimes of crickets , which attracted amy enough to drag her friend along with her .
how dare he drag her way back into this mountain and then leave her there to die alone ?
scrambling back into the tunnel , flashlights lit , they soon encountered jake struggling to drag a lifeless form with one arm while shining his light with his other hand .
after he helped daisy drag a childs swimming pool to the patio , michael headed for the house , as water and dog splashed behind him .
i never intended to drag you into it or involve you in any way .
half of me wanted to plead with her , wanted to ask for something from her mind , but the other half was willing to drag her through this world , whatever the mood , without a care for anything besides her sex .
somehow , he managed to drag his mind back to the present .
it must be a good half a mile down the main drag before we see the unmistakable front end of the orange range rover behind us , swerving past one car and then the next .
the middle lock up was the biggest and mcgovan barked an order for someone to drag my carcass inside .
ive also staked out the row of houses on the beachs main drag with no sign of valerie or her family .
get ready to reach in and drag those two out !
as the night sets in , they head out to watch jake participate in some drag racing .
all this is done using manual driving with self-drive disabled before the race in their private drag racing lot .
he quickly puts the car on the speed reverse used for their reverse drag race .
johno sat , took a drag and tried the beer .
johno took a drag .
wild stallions could n't drag it out of me , ivan promised , standing up and putting two fingers up to his forehead .
once i reached the stairs i dropped down two streets and then headed back toward the main drag before reaching the house where hanna had lived .
apparently , joey was going to the hospital now , without dukes protection , to be thrown to the lions , and he was sure to drag jade down with him .
the room watched as joey took a long drag from the bottle , then another , gasping in between .
well thats when i feel it - like claws lashing at my skin , trying to drag me away .
he took a final drag of his cigarette then stubbed it out , grinding the remains into the road .
the other man caught him and together they began to drag him from the railing .
how do you drag them out of their coma ?
some ranchers rope the calves and drag them to a fire , but we run them through a squeeze chute to accomplish the task .
if he refused the tea , she wouldnt have an excuse to leave , and the performance would likely drag to a halt .
she took a long drag on her cigarette .
the room was filled with a pensive silence , eventually broken by elspeth taking a final drag on her cigarette .
then he used the next car , two spaces away , to drag himself to his feet and hobbled away towards the exit stairs as fast as his injured foot would take him , shooting fearful glances over his shoulder .
i certainly did n't fancy waiting here on the hard shoulder for hours while we waited for some bloke to drag himself away from his family on christmas morning .
like everything was collapsing and any second something was bound to drag you down with it .
instead i drag a bunch of totally innocent holidaymakers along with me maxi took his hands and pulled them gently away from his face .
there was no way he could have seen them drag her out and leave miriam whitbournes body in her place .
mitch is almost convulsing until he lights his cigarette , take the first drag and then instant bliss and relief .
hell i might just have my officers escort you out back to my ford pick em up truck and tie your ass to the bumper and let him drag you about town .
he paused to take a drag of his cigarette .
all that was left to do was to wait until he tired , then drag him onboard .
he had survived before ; he would drag himself out .
it took eric , callan , and kallie to drag him out the room .
instead she decided to make herself useful and to drag the whole lot inside .
they turned the body to drag it on the stretcher of the ambulance and pushed it inside .
i was beginning to think id have to drag you outta bed .
*** it took us better than twenty minutes to pack everything up and drag it into the hallway .
well , seeing as youre likely to drag me back from hell if i leave you high and dry , i should probably kill him first , i said wryly .
right about now i would like to drag her over some hot coals .
i lit a cigarette and took a deep drag .
`` now get your head out of my car before i drag you down the street . ''
im not going to drag it out of you . ''
should i drag you by the hair to your car or can you make it on your own ? ''
i took a deep drag and waited for the scene to unfold .
my head felt dizzy when i took my first , deep drag .
my next move was to run over there , drag her by the hair , and smash her face into the dining room table , but she scrambled to her feet and lunged my way before i could execute .
it seemed to follow me as i maneuvered through traffic down the main drag .
haakon kept a cable and a winch in the boat , and he was therefore able , after lowering the mast , to drag the sailboat up the beach and under a canopy of pine trees .
when darkness fell they used the cable and winch to drag the sailboat back into the water .
after a brutal plunge into the ice water for haakon , during which he looped a rope round a stanchion , they used the powerful launch to drag the boat into deeper water .
`` sorry , fellows , all i can do is maybe drag this out a little for you , mislay the paperwork or something .
why drag her into it ?
only one problem remained : a hint of supersonic wave drag the low-temperature helium wind tunnel had shown could develop behind the leading edges .
`` the laser data show that the supersonic wave drag peaks at mach 3.8 , then subsides .
i think we 've finally eliminated the supersonic wave drag . ''
he stopped to take pictures with his cell phone for no reason other than he wanted to drag this out and piss off the old man 's bodyguards .
how the hell did pierre drag him into this conversation ?
ivanov paused and took another drag .
took a deep drag .
i took a deep drag , rolled down my window and exhaled .
`` no , please do not drag my parents in this !
i would have given my soul to all seven levels of hell for just one drag on another cigarette .
the captain took a long drag on a cigarette .
parents are such a drag , man .
chapter 1 saturday , 12:45 a.m. al forte took one last drag from his fifth and final checkers of the day and blew the smoke over the wrought-iron balcony rail .
she took another deep drag and waved him to one of the patio chairs .
the prey fell to the ground and the predator drew itself partly from the water to drag the remains .
still , i couldnt get carried away ; they are still trying to drag me back to the dark waters .
he followed the lead of the iridescent yellow crime scene tape that cordoned off the area , scanning for any unusual footprints , tyre tracks or drag marks along the way .
for some reason , the car seemed determined to continue to drag the couple up the slippery , winding mountain road .
i drag myself out of bed and try to make myself presentable .
i drag him from exhibit to exhibit and he walks behind me with a semi-amused look on his face , as if hes just tolerating the fish and the kids and the crazy wife and i feel a little ashamed of myself for making him go through this .
this could drag on for days , weeks .
we push from our legs , we do not drag with our hands .
looking over her shoulder as she climbed the hillside , she was horrified to see a group of guards surround badai and drag him into the camp .
carl grabbed justin , took the laptop from his grasp , put it on the floor by the dais , and began to drag him out of the room .
thaddeus motioned to seamus who grabbed john and began to drag him off down the corridor .
a guy to drag in here and put in the fucking cells where i can see him .
he yelled , more out of frustration than hope , as the guards continued to drag him away .
henri appeared , helping me drag anabelle from the room .
i took the cigarette back and took another drag .
its whatever , i sighed , taking one last drag and tossing out my cigarette .
all i ever do is drag him into dangerous situations and thats a lot for a new boyfriend to take .
i dissuaded the look and i let me drag in that girotondos , stunned by the alcohol and by the music , and i tried again unintentionally that shiver .
when he 'd turned twenty-one , hed let a few friends drag him into a pair of bars , three nightclubs , and a strip-club for his birthday .
paige would be trying to drag eddie out on the dance floor if she were here .
taking in a deep drag , the lead electrician remarked to the 2nd soldier , quite a stern fellow your officer is , eh ?
philip looked exhausted by the playful episode so jason didnt drag it .
lyman looked away and took a long drag on his cigarette .
he was too small to actually throw a forty-five pound bale of hay onto the trailer so on their first load he would drag as many bales as he could to complete the first stack .
she had to stop letting him drag her in time and again this way .
this is my high-speed no drag look .
now the routine was fixed ; if he missed a day or two , his mother would drag father up here to find him .
he watched walcott bend and reach for the set of keys hed fumbled and finally drag himself upright .
so i have an earring and a bloodstain and some drag marks .
he had a mad idea to get more luminol , to spray this floor , too , to follow the drag marks , the rest of the blood .
st cloud kept his eyes stuck fast on the road as he manoeuvred the car out of the lane , back to the main drag and then through the flashing lights and back to the a4 .
they drag a seemingly unconscious or possibly dead driver out , before piling into the vehicle .
he lit it , took a long drag from the tip , then blew smoke into the already murky area .
before i had kids i was out of my head most of the time but once my charlotte arrived i finally had a reason to drag myself out of bed .
i glanced in kirstens direction for support , resisting the urge to drag him out of the way .
i was so sorry i had to drag narelle into my mess .
seth took a long drag from his cigarette .
after trees are stripped of their branches and cut down , a skidder will come by and grab five or six of the trees and drag them to the landing .
she simply stared at me as she sucked back a long drag waiting to hear the reply from sally 's father .
grizz went as far as to drag artifacts out to the middle of the lift .
he took a deep drag .
damn , i hate to drag him into this .
she could see his expression was anything but happy , however , as he reached back in to drag a struggling figure out of the second seat .
steve and his new disciples would surely have done something to me , maybe drag me into the bathroom and push the replay button on what he and the rest of the clan had done to john .
how about i just pull the cart behind me and you just toss in whatever you want , i say as i begin to drag the cart rather than push it .
mike got up and retrieved the burning smoke and took a long drag .
it was all i could do to try and drag myself back to the house .
foggy takes a deep drag .
it was the same tool used to drag dogs down the hallway to the put-down room .
perhaps i can get up and sit by him , tom thought , just take jason sr. by the hand and drag him back to west oaks .
dinah took a drag of her cigarette .
eli began to drag jessica away .
elis only reply was a drag of his cigarette .
thunderous storms had been plaguing the city all week and in a moment of weakness had subsided long enough to drag jennifer outdoors .
she took one more drag then stubbed the cigarette on the steps , blowing smoke out of her mouth simultaneously .
they went for a stroll along chuo street , the ginzas main drag , before heading back to the hotel .
jack works for matrix as a consultant , bethany said and took a drag off her cigarette .
she thought as sheila , instead of directly answering , took a long drag and blew smoke .
anna took a long drag and said , well , the only thing i can think is we get those birth certificate sheets .
`` i 've spared no expense , you can take your research in any direction you want , '' william took a long , deliberate drag on his cigarette , exhaling slowly .
ill drag him in his tent and wait for the girlie girl .
then we drag the tent with the body inside over here , wrap the tent tightly around the body , and roll it into our nicely dug grave .
another ghastly american , she muttered after taking another drag .
everything worked perfectly as they witnessed the gendarmes drag ivan out of the building and lead him down the street away from them .
in fact i was made well aware that my release did n't go down too well in certain quarters and the first opportunity to yank my chain and drag me back for the remaining fifteen years was on the cards .
a vision of my trying to break a window underwater to drag him out of , while he tried to shoot me from inside , made up my mind for me .
youll make it , even if i have to drag your lily-white ass .
she used to park on the street behind the store , an alley that served a repair garage and a few other rag-tag businesses as well as the backs of some main street stores like hers , but she felt a little safer these days parking in front on the main drag .
i looked forward to my wednesday night meeting , the one place wayne couldnt infiltrate unless he came in drag or had a sex change .
nobody bother me unless this hotel decides to blow up , then you can kick my door down and drag my ass out .
he took another drag of his cigarette and , too tired to actually turn his head to the gap in the window , he blew the smoke over the steering wheel , and it rolled across the dash momentarily enveloping the small , plastic jesus christ figurine on his dashboard .
more smoke tumbled out of my mouth , but i could n't remember even taking another drag .
he nodded , looked up at me , took a drag from a cigarette , blew it toward the bartender and nodded again .
his hair shook with panic as he took an aggressive drag on his cigarette .
maybe more because we had to drag it out of the quarry .
dude , dont drag anybody from a stop light .
bill took a drag of his rollie , sipped at his tea , grimaced , and swallowed manfully .
once again he gave into hysterical laughter , allowing crombie to drag him to his feet .
why would she wan na drag your cousin out of hospital ?
it wasnt easy , just to nip out for a quick drag .
when he rolled into the shade of a truck , mojo had his men drag him back out into the sun , torturing his eyes .
i almost expected him to drag me onto his lap like santa claus .
so fast was he working with the women , they started to pile up on the tailgate because i could n't drag them off fast enough .
hello greg , sorry we had to drag you away sooner than planned but i guess you have been told why .
she didnt want to think about trying to drag herself out of bed and keep going everyday through something like that .
im trying , but he had a big lunch , fred said as he tried to carry tento as best he could , but he was only able to drag him .
then he kicked the bread into the flames-and their pet poodle romtop tried to drag the bread out of the flames without burning his nose .
when they returned to the quadrohuts austin practically had to drag carolina to her room , she just wanted to wait by the door until it was time to go back .
they were driving along the main drag of the town , with its old timey storefronts and ghost town feel .
well , the cowboy said taking another drag , i suppose thats a wrap .
i couldnt quite put my finger on him ( took another drag ) .
chapter 14 june 2041 kansas city , mo judge took another drag off of his chesterfield and placed its smoldering stub back in the corner of his mouth .
rider asked taking a drag from his smoke .
snail trails carly watched the guards drag away the bodies of the other dead competitors .
zoran spelled out the rules but most of the contestants were not listening they were watching the guards drag away the corpses of the lucky ones who got off lightly .
at least when your head is blown off its useless body , theyll not have to drag the body away the pricks could simply just wheel it !
cole relaxed , pointed his feet toward the bottom , and let the current drag him down .
then the thing could clickety-sloosh on back into the woods , drag its pieces to the grave and bury its own bones .
ill just have to drag you then , gralso said , and began to free idalina from the rest of the chair .
this would drag me out of stagnation .
then she pointed to two other drag marks , nearby but to one side of the one that led to the head .
by the end of an hour of careful searching together they were almost sure they had worked out where the body originally lay and had also found a scraped away drag route to the edge of the water .
well , you might be right , continued greg , as he took another drag from his cigarette .
he took another drag off the cigarette .
silence seemed to drag on forever .
you did not drag me into this case , you cretin .
less than two months later , alexs easy smile , gentle wit , as well as her willingness to drag them through training , won them over .
the boy had to drag her out the door .
oh , come now , serious matters like this cant be allowed to drag on for a long time .
he suspected that she was going to drag him into all sorts of problems .
ben felt his muscles crack as he tried to drag it the few feet to the door .
she took a last drag on her cigarette and flipped it into the nib , unable to laugh as chee wee scrambled out of the way .
he reached for the blanket , letting it drag along the floor behind him , shuffled toward the door connecting the room with the garage .
`` no , they 'll drag their feet , '' boo said .
this time , she was more asleep than awake when he had her , but somehow , perhaps even more because of it , she managed to drag him into her as though her body was surrounding his like the waters of a warm bubble bath .
lighting it he took a long drag then threw it on the wood pile .
albert , we cant drag james around with us all day i know .
hours , or days , later as i was trying to drag a familiar face from the faceless men that came across the sky i woke up with a start to the shrill alarm of the telephone .
but taking care to tidy up after themselves they grabbed victoria by the waist and elbow and made to drag her out of the building .
either they were not eager to kill , preferring to drag the thing out , or they killed so often that they treated it as no special endeavour .
dont let clarks problems drag you down .
she buried a whimper in the back of his hand as she pulled his arm across her tighter and let sleep drag her into nothingness .
shai half-expected a watcher to barge through the door and drag her away for her slanderous infractions .
they should drag their ass to the sink , twist that tap open , and let the water , natures energy booster , run out and take them to new heights .
they threatened to call the sheriffs department , but that didnt work , so they had to drag him out of the bar to get him to leave .
well shes worried about her , he said strongly and took a long drag from his joint .
i think youre hella sexy , jackson said firmly and took a long drag from his joint .
keith asked firmly and took a long drag from his joint .
miss sands died between 2:00am and 3:00am , he said sharply and took a long drag from his joint .
a couple of nights ago , he said sadly and took another drag from his pipe .
then prove to me you didnt slice up miss sands , keith said sharply and took a long drag from his joint .
that may have been a gift for the killer , keith said and took a long drag from the joint .
he took a long drag of a joint and passed it on to brooks .
keith stated firmly and took a long drag from his weed .
im looking for gady , keith said strongly and took a long drag from his joint .
she took a long drag and passed it back .
more said sharply with a laugh , and took a long drag from his cigarette .
my girl told me , keith said and took a long drag from his weed .
bruh i know what i saw , keith said strongly and took a long drag from his weed .
keith asked harshly and took another drag .
'you could do it in drag . '
he took a deep drag and then flicked what was left of a marlboro into the gutter .
i could have got on with this while waiting for you to drag your backside into the office . '
i told you not to drag me into this mess , evanford frowned .
why did you drag me into this ?
i wont drag you to the grave with me .
once i was on the roof , i hunkered down and made sure the soles of my moccasins did n't drag against the shingles as i skedaddled to the edge , near the window .
scott , he replies , and they shake hands , as they cross the main drag and slip down , at leisure , a side road here in the sleepy heart of this collegiate town .
he pinches his lifelong friends shirt , in the right bicep , as if to drag him along .
a side street just a few blocks north of the would be the main drag , this is an empty lot not big enough to build a house in between two other homes - something there once , its apparent , but even if so , were talking decades ago .
they take a room on the fifth floor of a neat old hotel in the genteel downtown , requesting specifically that it overlook the main drag below .
she also wonders , however , in these seconds that both tick by like fractions of , and drag by as if hours , if she would have time to unsheathe and fire should things get ugly , or if shed have the nerve to if they did not .
the tow truck arrived to drag her car away and the seriousness of the moment returned .
her mother scolded , reaching inside the car to drag her out .
anyway most of them will be drunk already , and i doubt whether many of them would drag themselves up the hill and into the woodland , he assured himself .
he went back into the house and began to drag the asian mans body towards the door and out into the van .
they had to drag ahmed away , and each saw a flash of unrestrained rage and lust for murder in his eyes .
the lectures seem to drag on forever , and as usual are quite dull .
finally , i drag a rag behind me wiping the footprints i made out of existence , and sprinkle a handful of crumbled leave to replace the missing dust .
why drag it around unless that is your intent .
there are long drag marks in the soil caused by the skidding pieces .
he terrifyingly tugs at me , trying to drag me down .
and once we drag the newspaper through this lawsuit , '' paul added , we will be free and clear of any scrutiny . ''
this morning he was going to drag eddie off the couch and into the sunlight .
sometimes hed drag jack along .
between the slow internet connection and her muddled thoughts , the seconds seemed to drag .
do you find it infeasible for someone to dock their boat on the beach and drag a woman into my house ?
tristen did a circle around caitlin and i noticed his laggard left leg drag on the earthy floor .
do not let it drag you where it wants to .
i drag myself to the corner of the room .
her safest choice was to stay put and not contact anyone who might drag her into the spotlight .
she placed the buzz-killer on the table while stacy nodded and said a quick good-bye with one long last drag .
gently , i picked up paul 's feet and began to drag his body .
after they come and get me and drag my ass down to the city morgue , or whatever it is they do , then what ? ''
i took a deep drag and blew the smoke out my nose .
it 's an enormous drag on the economy and it 's getting worse each month .
within the tiny box , he sees a lone figure vainly trying to pass out little tiny green covered booklets he is surrounded by a chanting , angry , jackbooted , neo-mccarthyite mob of mixed feminists , neo-marxists , free thinkers and two drag queens .
i had to drag her away from their cage .
behind her , matt struggled to drag harris behind them , into the house , so the guards wouldnt find him unconscious on the lawn .
sophie tried to swing her legs from the sofa , and was satisfied when she managed to drag one down , letting lukas put his arm around her to help her progress .
we can drag you in , but thats not the purpose of this exercise .
burying my hands in fathers coat collar i begin to drag him backwards across the road , yelling at myself for strength as i hurl myself toward the nearest doorway .
they drag something from the back and dump it in the snow .
he stuffed the phone into the pocket of his well filled shirt , felt the weight drag it down over his prominent left nipple and shrugged to loosen it .
`` it 's a bit like a church here , mother - like the village church where you used to drag me as a boy to arrange the flowers around the pulpit .
xavier wished he had a little more time to drag it out of him .
course , used to , on sundays , you couldnt sleep for her preaching and trying to drag us all to church .
the roof light is on inside the land rover and huey is standing at the rear , trying to drag laura out of the car .
with the incentive of a strong coffee i drag myself out of bed and into some clothes .
i give terry a look that suggests that we are going to have to drag his sorry arse into a cell .
all ive got ta do is sprint about ten yards or so , grab him by the collar of his flak jacket , and drag him another ten yards to the safe side of this wall im hiding behind .
by the time myself and the rest of my squad had taken cover , i had the shortest distance to travel to help him ... and since i had a good , safe spot in mind to drag him to , i told my guys to stay put and let me run out there for him .
even if youd been able to drag moore off that road and get him back to a safe place , hed be in no better condition than hes in right now .
as four men drag muhammad clark back to the cage from which he came , chris could hear him shouting : this doesnt change how i feel you bastards .
`` drag someone out . ''
maybe drag some shit in front of the door , because he did n't know if one of his fellow soldiers might come round , looking for valuables .
`` we need to drag this guy in here first . ''
dont drag it out .
the ring leader followed , holding damion under the armpits which caused the billionaires feet to drag .
he secretly wondered if his drag of a lifestyle made him ineligible .
maybe when she was younger the thought of living forever seemed like a great idea , but not if you could n't drag yourself out of bed .
when he finished , i heard him drag her away .
joe felt louie take a deep drag on the cigarette .
that he was falling and was afraid he would drag you down with him ?
one long drag and he disdainfully spat the cigarette out onto the street .
i took another drag from my glass and topped it off once more before grabbing one of the books i probably wouldnt read and i heading upstairs .
he tried again to drag me back up towards him , but as he reached forward for my thigh he was yanked backward with violent force .
rick screamed as the men started to drag him away .
i did my best to stay on my feet and cooperate rather than test the edge of his knife , but my feet had been injured and he had to drag me as he ran through a maze of machinery and pillars .
we dont need to drag north korea into this .
the mother continues to drag it , seemingly unperturbed by the extra weight .
lets not let this drag on , with your people digging ever-deeper holes for themselves .
with that thought , i attempted to drag my body towards the ditch , but to my every movement , an immobilizing throb in my femur and in my hip seized my efforts .
why would you drag my brother and niece through this ?
hailey had to drag it as she went .
albert felt the silence drag on for nearly a minute before speaking again .
albert had to place his backpack on the floor beneath him and drag it along between his hands .
i could n't drag my eyes from the house .
whether you 're a killer or not , i 'm forced to drag you around , which means i 'm forced to know you . ''
outrageous lies whose sole purpose it is to drag our holy community through the dirt .
he must hold the key , and without the nurses help , it would be up to her to drag it out of him .
i knew i had to get out of there , but i couldnt drag marybeth out .
are you going to make me drag it out of you ?
rachel took it and took a long drag off of it .
`` why do n't you drag your sorry butt back in here , and we can have a grown-up sit-down chat ? ''
he smoked a quick cigarette and enjoyed each drag all the more , knowing it was an extra second away from the tub of blood to his left .
the flame licked at the tip and then , catching to the black paper , it leapt a bit higher , then simmered back down and , with a slow burn , it traveled up the cigarette as rontego took a drag and inhaled the sweet nicotine .
the old man was in no hurry as he took a prolonged drag on his cigarette .
he took another long drag and watched the myriad of orange speckles alight in the sky as scattered debris succumbed to the intensity of the heat that launched it into the night air .
* ryan slate took a drag on a thin cigarette and the pull caused the ember to flare in the encroaching dusk as nightfall began its hurried wintry descent .
i mean i do n't even like goodbyes so why would i drag them out ?
`` you 're taking erika '' `` okay , but it you slip let them go or they 'll drag you under . ''
`` anyhow , i 'll go and drag jennifer out of the bathroom .
he took another drag of his cigarette .
dont make me come in there and drag you to the gallery .
he could knock her in the head with a club and drag her back to his cave .
the bailiff nodded enthusiastically , descended from the podium and began to drag the witness lectern to the farthest corner of the room .
*** i took the cigarette montgomery lit and held across to me , not thinking , taking a drag from it while montgomery lit another .
spur of the moment , she suggested the hotel , because it would be a drag getting back to her place .
i put ginettes things into the mans pant pockets , got my cupped hands under his arms , tried to drag him , had to hump him along in awful tugs , back stiffening , cramping , the slithering of my bowels becoming too much to deal with .
i wanted to drag them to the locked room , hammer at it with my arms until it fell open , remove the cloth from the dead mans head , seize his hair , present his face , scream at them , scream pointing at the face of the corpse to the face of the man now strolling the carpet of my rooms , squinting , looking .
he stood to get up , watching sarah drag leah out .
the two security guards grabbed thomas roughly by the arms and began to drag him out of the room .
if it isnt and you drag this out , anna will know just how slowly time can pass .
as a consequence of his newly found fame and success , it was chin who found himself with little spare time on his hands , and garnet who discovered that time was genuinely relative , and that sometimes it could drag interminably .
he took an extended drag on his cigarette , attempting to relieve some of the pain that was a souvenir from a recent mission in iran .
she had no use for the adults who were trying to drag her down , and seamlessly transitioned into an excited summation of the last couple hours shed spent with dr. jordan .
im so sorry to drag your name through the papers .
i didnt want to drag them into this .
they drag him around on the blacktop .
you and your buddy drag it out here or were gon na tear the place apart .
we will need it to drag the safe out here if catfish can find it .
he made a silent vow that if he was going to die then somehow , someway ; he was going to drag thompson into the machine with him .
the men had decided it was best for the tractor to drag us all the way to the bridge .
willard took a drag on his joint , then spit and said , `` was n't my idea .
on the one day that grace tried to make an effort and drag herself out of the apartment - she went to the tennis club for coffee - she noticed many of her old girlfriends avoiding her .
`` one square yard of drag will slow a falling body almost twenty percent . ''
not to mention , even if he could drag it , he would n't get it far .
one square yard of drag will slow a falling body almost twenty percent .
rachel felt a drag in her gut as the craft decelerated and dropped toward the ice channel .
tench took a long drag on her cigarette .
then delta-one would load all of them on the sled , drag them several hundred yards off course , reattached their belay lines and arrange the bodies .
delta-one knew his quarry 's protective clothing would lengthen the usual life expectancy in the water , but the relentless offshore currents would drag them out to sea .
as he was preparing to drag the sled off course , his two partners came skimming up the glacier toward him .
she felt a suffocating drag as the sub slowed to a stop underwater and then raced back toward the surface , bobbing up like a cork .
the current strained to drag him under .
used the chain to drag him out of the truck by the arm .
shove fowler at the front rank , drag the chain , sprint like hell , he might be in the trees before anybody could aim a weapon .
so he slid his own foot forward to drag the weapon back close .
and you could n't just drag em into the corner and leave em ; they had to be lined up two and two and two along the garage 's east wall , with their covers turned upside-down on top of em .
i do n't plan to drag nobody else in with me over a little drunk night-shootin .
insects would help with decomposition , but scavengers could drag body parts away , which would risk visibility .
he bent down and twisted one of the small dark man 's towels tight around his neck like a noose and used it to drag him across the floor and into the bathroom .
he heard lane drag the bale back into the inner closet .
i walked up the post 's main drag and got to the guardhouse and garber came out to meet me in the open .
another drag and the prospect of the night seemed less daunting .
it was not fair to drag him across europe on an adventure that was outside his territory and with which he had little sympathy .
the evenings and days off drag a bit .
billy trudges home , carrying his board , and the others drag on after him .
`` when they drag him off , they wo n't find anything but nut cases , '' ted was saying .
`` can you drag it across to reach this strut ? ''
`` so at least he 'd have to drag them back inside . ''
she would lie there in the loneliness of the dark , fighting the pain , until the sun would come up , and it was time to drag herself to her feet .
aram tightened his grip and started to drag the boy across the cobblestoned yard that led to the police station .
it would n't help anyone to drag maureen swanson 's name into this .
she had to drag you away . '
jennifer plunged herself into work , and still the weeks seemed to drag by .
the minutes seemed to drag on interminably .
he paused to take a long drag on the pipe .
strategy : drag out the appeals , delay , delay .
my guess is they 'll drag it out until you get to trial , then try to settle . ''
if you approach her and beg forgiveness , she and her lawyer will go nuts and drag in me and probably kyle and alan as well .
the hours began to drag by as kyle lost himself in the futuristic world of the b-10 hypersonic bomber and the people who designed it .
sam asked , taking a long drag .
they had to drag him into the chamber , kicking and crying and screaming , and it took a while to strap him in .
for the most part , death penalty appeals drag along for years at a snail 's pace .
it would take twenty men to drag me out of the observation cell . ''
he took the last drag and thumped it into the street .
now help me drag him into the house . ''
his opponents caught on , and the strategy , whispered because barney heard everything , was to drag a case or a hearing past lunch and into the afternoon when he always took his nap .
kozloff turned the boat away from the freighter , fighting waves and the drag of the sea that tried to suck the zodiac into the ship 's screws .
water was a thousand times as dense as air , producing a thousand times as much drag as air .
let the fish swim against the drag .
anything that slows china 's integration into the community of nations , we know , will also serve as a drag on the engines of her growth .
karin de vries was on the floor , her left hand still gripping his brother 's arm ; she had tried to drag him with her .
i 'm a st. louis girl , born and brought up in the parochial system -what a drag , right ? ''
perspiring , drew strapped his gun over his shoulder and ran to the fallen man ; he leaned down , grabbed his feet , and started to drag the body back to the cabana .
i had to drag her out ofthe water .
he took a hard drag on the cigarette .
smyslov took another heavy drag on his cigarette .
he made a final effort to drag himself toward the light , just so he would n't die in this hideous place .
she pushed and writhed , trying to draw back from the edge against the merciless drag of the rope , only to find she could n't gain even an inch .
out here , the sea ice was a living thing-softer , green-tinged , buckling and breaking with the rise and sink of the tides and the drag of the currents .
g- '' his yell strangled off as valentina grabbed the hood of his parka , heaving furiously to drag him in through the hatch .
a single false assumption could drag him under like quicksand .
as if in a dream , she felt her body moving , the drag of gravity settling in her shoulder and the pit of her stomach .
it seeks to drag him down , and once again he 's sinking .
bourne knew he should n't let her drag him into this emotionally charged subject , but he could n't help himself .
all at once the ten square feet of air resistance his body had provided had been trans-formed into 250 square feet of drag .
how she had managed to drag herself into this position neither of them could say .
arkadin lit up , put the pack away , and took a deep drag .
he descended the stairs and went through the vestibule , where a little girl holding her mother 's hand was trying to drag her upstairs .
arkadin allowed devra to drag him out of the bar before he could demolish it completely .
'catherine , stop sounding like c. aubrey smith in drag . '
beria tried to move his feet but found that he could only drag them .
he leaned forward with his elbows on his knees , took a longer drag , then spat in the dirt like he 'd seen kevin and the big boys do behind the trailer park .
kid sees something horrible in a split second , goes into shock , and it takes months to drag him out .
`` if we file a petition as an interested party , serve the kid 's mother with papers , drag his little butt into court with his lawyer in tow , then i think he 'll be so scared he 'll tell what he knows .
i say we go to the grand jury , get subpoenas for both the kid and his lawyer , and drag them down here .
the drag created by his weight and his feet gave moore that slightly slower speed he needed to navigate the raft through a miniature archipelago of hazardous rocks .
she took her foot off the brake and accelerated down the main drag .
the desk clerk probably had to drag him out of the ballroom to the phone .
but whatever , he goes down and they drag him out and they put him in the trunk of the other car and they drive him down to columbia and they leave him there . ''
with millions to spend for the best criminal lawyers , the trials could drag on forever .
i have n't been here that long , but among the few friends i 've made are some brass over in arlington who probably wince when you drag out your modus non operandis .
his only chance was to increase his drag .
the greater the velocity , the greater the air resistance , or drag force , so it was n't a simple , linear relation .
the guard might well drag him out more or less upright , propping him up with a powerful arm around his shoulder : a sheepish grin , and everyone would assume that the guest had simply imbibed too much zwack unicum , the spirit of choice at the palace hotel .
`` so it 's okay to drag me into that mess at the white house , but not okay for me to do any more ? ''
the morning began to drag .
and we 'll make sure that it 's well reported that these guys helped aricia fund your little mission into brazil to drag out patrick .
this would take several years of litigation and would drag on long after he 's paroled and back home with his family .
i pull nathan out of his chair and drag him to the sofa , where i stretch him out and check his pulse .
i could be walking into a trap , with these boys ready to spring an indictment , a warrant , an extradition order , and whatever else it might take to drag me back to jail .
d d d d it 's almost eight before i drag myself through the maze of corridors deep in the heart of st. peter 's and find , my favorite table occupied by a doctor and a nurse .
the main staircase to the second level was guarded by a private security guard who at the moment was helping an elderly woman drag a wet throw rug down the steps .
`` one of our more , eh , prominent citizens , '' heisler said , taking a drag on his cigarette .
known simply as the bottoms , it had long been the turf of late-night drag racers , boozers , ruffians , and hell-raisers in general .
and we 've got all these rabid america firsters accusing me of trying to drag us into the conflict . ''
kundrov nodded , took another drag from his cigarette .
stephanie 's hands still shook as she watched ely drag the body around to the rear of the cabin .
then he swung the belts high enough not to drag on the floor and walked back inside the office .
he u-turned shoulder-to-shoulder and came back again , north on the main drag .
they turned away from the hotel lobby and headed for the main drag .
we all need that delivery , and since we all had to drag ourselves up here , we might as well all spend our time on what 's important . '
'because my arms are sore and i do n't want to drag you . '
he takes another drag on his cigarette , then drops it into the bucket of sand .
what will the cops do then , wendell wonders drag out their guns and try to look fierce ?
a minute later , the attendant reappears with a nurse whose heavy , lined face , big arms and hands , and thick legs make her look like a man in drag .
she 's tough , but on the other hand , she 's unfair , and if she were to appear beside him now , she would probably clap him in irons , sedate him , and drag him back to her domain .
now if he can only drag it close enough to get his foot on it .
aubrey always had to drag emily kaye into the conversation .
`` see , after we stopped for some beer at that liquor store on the main drag , we had to help this lady who was having trouble with her car .
`` i did n't get where i am by letting my feet drag , '' she said .
`` i 'm not sitting next to- '' `` get in , or he 'll drag you inside by your tuxedo lapels , doctor . ''
`` then drag him onto the trail .
into the underbelly of the house , and down the dirt-floored passageways the kites have only begun to explore , rufus and luther drag the girl into a musty-smelling room of old , stone walls .
`` do n't f**king drag me into this .
there were n't no need to drag it out , make things any harder on the man than necessary . ''
jerrod took an aggressive drag , leaned back against the rock he 'd slammed into feetfirst on his fall down the mountain .
be ten times worse if i have to come in there , drag your ass out . ''
i thought he was going to speak , but instead , he took a long drag from a joint .
wilbur had difficulty moving his leg , so orson directed me to drag him out of the trunk .
something like this could f**k you over for- '' `` i 'm talking to you , '' i said , watching a boat drag an inner tube across the lake and wondering what really was coursing through walter 's mind .
i drag luther , alive but fading , onto the porch and bind him with seventy feet of rope to the last available rocking chair .
i closed the tailgate and proceeded to drag violet by the shoulders toward the end of the line .
she struggled to drag them open against their rusted hinges , then slipped inside , out of the rain .
we had wanted to stay up for it , but it happened so late , jack and i just did n't manage to drag ourselves out of bed . ''
jack exhaled , felt the nicotine hit and drag him a few steps deeper into himself , like sliding a filter between this moment and his perception of it .
well , drag them out here anyway , and i 'll get rid of them once and for all . ''
he had to drag his gaze away and remind himself that now was not the time .
he shoved his lighter back into his pocket and took a long drag .
she wished she had enough nerve to scramble under the house and drag that box out with only the bulb in the crawl space to guide her , but she could n't make herself so much as open the door without first getting her bearings .
fortunately , some of the men who were there that night were either sober enough or smart enough to drag the highly carved bar , which had come all the way from new jersey , out of the palace and into the street .
i wo n't drag her into this .
from then on , it became even harder to drag words to her mouth .
the man took another drag .
she could n't imagine joe had meant he should drag her out of bed , but she did n't mention that .
patrick began trying to drag her out .
she used her foot to drag the throw blanket down from the couch .
once we find out where to go , you 'll attend one , feign interest and drag me to the next one .
she took another long drag .
they started to drag nate toward the entrance , but he was n't ready to go .
the gps in this anklet will allow us to pinpoint your location , and i will drag you back here kicking and screaming . ''
you rest the rifle to one side and reach out and drag your thumb over her face .
`` are you going to tell me what happened today , or am i going to have to have lia drag it out of dean ? ''
`` then go drag that bastard out .
it took a long time , one hell of a long time , for her to drag her way out of the bottle . ''
`` that is , unless you tell me to drag my ass out of here . ''
if she had to drag his body from the flames ... their eyes held .
time to drag the monsters into the light .
if he was at home , sleeping in his bed , they could just drag his ass out .
`` i suppose when you cook all week for a living , doing it on vacation would be a drag , '' jo commented sympathetically .
`` later , '' jo suggested with a laugh and then said , `` in the meantime , if i were to go drag bobby and his guitar over this way , would you sing us a song ? ''
it was overwhelmingly exciting , and sam soon found herself catching the fingers of one hand in his hair in an effort to drag his mouth back to hers , in the hopes of soothing some of the excitement screaming through her .
i- '' sam 's apology ended on a gasp as he suddenly stood up , caught her hand , and used it to drag her from the booth .
he may have simply regained consciousness and enough strength to drag himself into the woods .
decker cleared his throat and said , `` speaking of nicholas- '' `` i do n't want to hear it , '' dani cut him off sharply , and immediately hurried to the bed to drag the soft wool blanket off it .
she caught the material of his t-shirt in her fingers and began to drag it out of his jeans .
she did n't know where the strength had come from , it was just suddenly there , but so was the pain , ripping through her and urging her to drag him closer so that she could lick his forehead again .
definitely a heart shot , dani thought with satisfaction as lucian then bent to grab him by the collar to drag him toward the open door to the room .
in the dream , her eyes were open and she saw nicholas suddenly appear and drag the man away from her .
and now that the harvest is over , there are a couple of fall fairs coming up if you 're still here and can drag him to them .
eshe shuddered at the warm feel of his skin on hers , her body instinctively pressing into the caress even as her hands moved to begin tugging at his t-shirt , pulling it free of his pants so that she could drag it upward , baring his chest .
judging by the surprise on agnes 's face , the woman had n't really expected her to obey her order , but eshe would have walked into hell to drag armand out .
`` it looked like he was trying to drag you behind the dumpster .
rather than drag out the ladder they 'd used while painting , she 'd pulled the desk chair over , and was now standing with onefoot on the seat , and one on the arm of the chair as she pounded the nail of a picture hook into the wall .
she managed to drag her gaze from his with some effort and return it to her plate .
he would never have been able to drag himself that distance , so he 'd taken control of the driver and made him stop , which he suspected he 'd been doing anyway , and then he 'd had the two occupants of the vehicle get out and come to him .
she was beginning to think she would never get to her office , when sam suddenly appeared to grab her hand and drag her the rest of the way .
it was hard to know what to do to drag him out of his gloom and preoccupation if he was going to just hide in his damned room .
truthfully , she wanted to pull him back inside the house , drag him to bed , and simply stay there ... forever .
when carolyn frowned , she rolled her eyes , and caught her arm to drag her toward the bar , adding , `` we 'll move to a table as soon as one opens up .
`` if the passion is that strong , surely she wo n't be able to resist , '' christian muttered , pacing the bathroom , his mind working on overdrive as he sought excuses to go out there and drag carolyn straight back to the resort .
cursing , he hurried back into his room to drag on his jeans and a fresh t-shirt , and then rushed back out to race down the stairs and out the front door .
she asked with surprise when he grabbed her hand and suddenly turned to drag her up the walk .
`` no , '' anders said finally and valerie managed to drag her gaze and mind up to his face as he shook his head .
valerie managed to drag her eyes up to his face , but paused along the way as she noted the clothes he was holding out .
she 'll be relaxed , more likely to remember things than if we drag her in here and make her feel like she 's being grilled . ''
`` i was thinking of taking her out for dinner and a movie either tomorrow night or the night after ... if i can drag her away from work , '' he added wryly .
thomas growled into her mouth and reached down to catch her hand and try to drag it away , but all he managed to do was draw it the length of his shaft and inez cried out with startled pleasure as another wave of pleasure , this one larger and heavier , poured over her .
`` however , we do not want to make it a very exclusive experience in which rebellious mermaids drag our wealthy customers to the bottom of the river , '' said ms. connor .
there were miles of catacombs , and it was extremely easy to snatch someone from the street and drag them below .
`` then why drag me out of bed about it ? ''
i 'd let them drag me out of the house , and she 'd been lost in there .
`` pierce , tell me this is a joke and that al is going to show up come sundown and drag you back . ''
all , that is , but the one reporter watching quen drag trent through the crowd , her eyebrows raised in speculation .
no one topside had ever seen a mole man , but everyone knew the rumors of diseased , light-shy humans living beneath the city , who would grab your ankles from storm drains and drag you down to eat you .
with a hiss , i gave up and let him drag me through the room and out another window .
if you tell me , i wo n't snap both your arms and other leg like twigs , drag you around until you 're a limp sack and dump you on the road for the rabids to find .
the road stretched on , and i followed as it snaked through white forests grown up around sprawling towns and suburbs , until the sky turned charcoal-gray and sluggishness began to drag me under .
i did n't mean to drag you into this .
are you going to speak to your sire , or shall i send someone in there to drag him out ? ''
`` since you both seem determined to drag my entire past into the light ... no , it was not i who set fire to the lab .
i 'd barely been able to drag myself out of bed when i 'd brought jill back .
`` well , i hope you can drag yourself away from it because i have a ... task for you . ''
finally , i managed to drag myself up .
i was trying to drag him away when two dark figures came tearing down the alley .
just her and shane , no friends banging on the door , no family ready to drag them apart .
it was maybe six feet tall when standing , though its arms were scrawny and long enough to drag the backs of its claw-tipped hands along the ground .
the seconds seemed to drag like hours , and even break and lunchtime went slowly !
in my most menacing tone , i firmly told her , `` i will drag your sleeping ass out into the sun , if you so much as drop a fang at my sister .
i let them drag me away , knowing they were trying to spare me the showdown going on a few rooms away .
he wanted to drag out the moment as long as possible , create memories for both of them of a hungry need so powerful they 'd reverberate for years .
i have to drag my mom out and buy one . ''
something in her , some ridiculous shred of dignity , made it possible to drag herself to the bathroom .
she was tugging at his arm , trying to drag him back toward the entrance to the cave .
someone needs to drag you kicking and screaming into this century .
mikhail 's fingers tunneled deeply into raven 's hair , as if he could drag her back from the brink of death .
it took tremendous effort to drag himself off the bed , and his body landed heavily on the floor .
his hand curled around the nape of her neck to drag her into his arms .
he swallowed his smile and glanced away as lucian reached up to circle her waist and drag her from the arm of the chair onto his lap .
she could n't drag air into her lungs .
he watched the tree come down and nicolae drag it across the snow .
the hold prevented the change and the creature jerked hard , determined to drag the prince beneath the ground .
it was all around him , yet he could n't seem to drag enough into his lungs .
she choked , barely able to drag in enough air .
the cave dwellers feasted on their kill , lived for a while on the remains and then every so often swarmed to the surface to drag a hapless victim to their lair .
natalya straightened , not bothering to drag her shirt over her exposed breasts .
she could n't breathe , could n't find enough air to drag into her lungs .
she could n't talk , could n't find a way to drag air into her lungs .
he also wanted to fist his hands in her hair and drag her head to him , thrust deep into her mouth to end his torment .
she was tugging at his hand , attempting to drag him closer to the darkened buildings .
sara had faced such a thing before , and she knew it would keep coming even if it had to drag itself on the ground .
when he did , he made a strangled sound and scrambled backward , hastily reaching inside the neckline of his shirt to drag out a silver cross .
when i finally managed to drag myself out of bed , it was seven o'clock , and everyone was already up .
daniel tried to drag the gun from out of his waistband as he turned .
he had a sudden desire to crush her to him , to bury his teeth in her , and drag her fully , kicking and screaming , into his life .
the puppet issued a low , keening vibration , his death slow and difficult , the macabre caricature still trying over and over to drag the boy to the vampire .
her body rippled with life , with such pleasure that she cried out his name again , her hands clutching at his hair to try to drag him up to her .
for a moment he could n't breathe , could n't drag air into his lungs .
it sucked at his shoes , the grip astonishingly strong as if the bog actually wanted to drag him under .
follow him to the depths of hell and drag him back to her .
his hands found her bare bottom , cupped her buttocks to drag her against his raging body .
tentacles immediately circled the vampire 's neck and skull ; more pulled at his legs and arms in an attempt to drag him underground .
he can barely drag himself to the back to the lab .
he snapped at her , clawing the earth , trying to drag himself across the vegetation to reach her .
she 'd go to sleep and they 'd drag her out and have her at their mercy .
one arm snaked around the thick neck in a half nelson to drag the head up .
her sides heaved as she tried to drag in air , and with every movement , blood gushed into the air .
as it was , she was slightly downstream from where she wanted to be when she managed to snag a hanging limb and drag the canoe onto the bank .
still sluggish , her brain and body tuned to another world , but at least she could drag on her clothes without falling on her face .
he began to drag her to the edge of the open grave .
`` one of these times i 'm going to drag a preacher in here and you 'll head for the hills . ''
is it so wrong of me not to allow strangers to drag my family off to a foreign country ?
it would n't be sensible to kill a steer , drag it into the water hole , and then 'find ' it just so we could take it back out .
he staggered to his feet and caught colby 's hand as she tried to drag him quickly out of the path of the oncoming cattle .
vikirnoff shifted one wing , reaching down to drag the small bat from the grasp of the greedy insects .
she took a breath , even though her lungs could barely drag in air .
his sides heaved as he tried to drag in air .
his fist suddenly caught in her hair again to drag her up .
which explains the tracks we have seen , the drag marks and bloodstains in the snow .
byron closed his eyes and inhaled sharply as if he could drag her scent deep inside his body .
his mouth closed over the soft , luscious mound , hot and moist and suckling strongly so that antonietta arched back and caught his hair in her hands to drag him closer to her .
she tried tugging him to her , trying to drag him over her , her hips urging him into her .
she wanted to drag the dog out , but no amount of coaxing or commanding could call him from the window .
i drag myself onto the cement platform .
they drag me through the ridiculing crowd and back to the glass room .
the laces of her ragged boots drag across the floor .
they drag me down a dark alley , and tuck us into a vacant building that is filled with cracked tables and broken chairs , the leather seats having been torn by fangs .
he snatches my hand and i drag him over the top .
the chains and cuffs are still attached to my arms and when i stand , they drag across the ground .
i inch closer , forcing my legs to stay firm as i drag the machines attacked to the tubes .
she wrenched herself to her knees andtried to drag him down .
you always refused to talk about rachel because you did n't want to drag your past into our relationship .
did i tell you about this recurring dream i have where a psycho drag queen chases me around my bedroom with a hatchet ?
or else they spent the evening driving the main drag , the two-lane highway that ran straight through town , with only a handful of traffic lights to slow them down .
a simple snag and drag .
`` while you were out flubbing your measly snag and drag , i led the run that landed two kilos of brimstone . ''
she said , clearly wanting to drag me through the entire apology process .
he grabbed her with both hands , gripped her upper arms from behind , and used his momentum to drag her off the bed , straining with the effort .
`` i like ... this , '' he replied , unable to drag his gaze away from her .
hunter cupped his palm around the back of corinne 's head to drag her deeper into his embrace .
`` if it 's no big deal , then why did edward drag me to florida ? ''
i let him drag me along then , too panicked to think clearly .
the fingers were still twitching ; grasping at blades of grass , riley 's arm began to drag itself mindlessly across the ground .
god , it killed him to have to treat mira like this , to drag her into the crossfire of a battle he 'd never wanted to fight .
if the human refused to choke out the answers kellan demanded , then he would drag the truth from his mind .
it was another three hours before the doctor managed to drag his overworked butt into my room .
carnal thoughts ambushed mason as the urge to drag her back down onto the sleeping bag almost over-whelmed him .
they 'd have to drag him kicking and screaming , and he 'd make them pay for every step .
i was n't kidding when i said i 'd drag them to hell . ''
if jed was n't headed down , so help her god , she was going to drag him to the fiery pit herself .
not making me drag you into the ever-after shows a fine strength of mind .
`` i 'll kill you before i let you drag me into the ever-after , and i want her free first . ''
if i ca n't drag you in , i 'll find a way to use you through the lines .
if he got me to a line , he could physically drag me to the ever-after , me saying no or not .
a cry slipped from me when al gave up trying to drag me through the gate and he picked me up and threw me over his shoulder .
if you are n't on holy ground , i 'll beat you silly and drag you into the ever-after .
`` only if you actually attended to drag it down . ''
she handed it to shane while eve was busy putting the unused supplies back in the box , and helped him drag the damp fabric over his head and down his chest .
that much was true , but she did n't want to drag oliver into this .
like turning a simple snag and drag into an interspecies power struggle .
it was n't a simple snag and drag anymore .
`` i 'm not kindly , and if i could get away with it , i 'll drag you into the ever-after and have someone broker you off - but newt would get involved ... '' he shifted his eyes to focus on me .
ceri was tugging on me , and i let her drag me to the top of the hallway .
using the support of my car , the vampire with the broken arm and the one stunned by hitting the pool table struggled to drag kisten upright .
he was watching me , quen behind him ready to drag him away .
she did it just in time ; she felt the shock of myrnin trying to drag it away from her , but she 'd had practice at this now , and he was in pain .
his shirt was on fire , and she batted it out before trying to drag him , but as soon as she did , the shirt burst into flames again , singeing her own clothes .
but i did n't want to stop sir horace from using his sword , so i let her drag me away .
that one surprised her long enough to drag her out of her trance for a while .
it trickled from the corners of oliver 's mouth as he snarled , fangs down , and tried to drag michael close enough to bite .
by then her body forgot that she 'd had any nourishment , and lethargy beat rough fists inside her , causing her feet to drag .
i laid a hand on the smooth wood of the banister and attempted to drag my weary self up the stairs .
he would cal mom , and she 'd fly out here asap and drag me back to ... wel , i did n't know where .
did corza jam really drag around the world after desmond tiny ?
that part is a drag . ''
you can still drag me to games , and we can do our homework together at night .
he always remained a few steps behind her , his silver gaze focused intently on her back , his arms ready to shoot out and drag her into the hard shield of his body .
her body was stiff , and she was barely moving , slowing him down , practically making him drag her .
`` you do n't get to drag his low-life ass in here and act as if nothing happened with him ! ''
monica grabbed her two steps from the top , yanking on the strap of her new book bag to drag her to a halt .
`` come on , do n't be such a drag . ''
he wanted nothing more than to haul her close - drag her into the cradle of his thighs and sheath himself to the hilt in one long stroke .
as if to prove his point , after a long moment , he started to drag himself to his feet .
not letting you ... drag me there . ''
do n't let them drag you into any jello shot parties .
she was drenched with sweat , aching all over , from the effort of helping drag myrnin out of the lab , up the steps , and down the narrow , seemingly endless dark alley .
i did n't even care that declan and little kenny would probably dump me in a gutter to die , rather than drag my deadweight body along .
evra was fighting with the hook-handed madman , trying to drag him off .
he 'd always been careful to keep his distance , for he knew if he drew too close , he 'd want to drag her off to a cave .
she just grabbed her bag and put it across her chest , taking one last drag of the mocha before he escorted toward the rear of the cafe .
aunt ruth would probably drag him into church and insist the reverend washington perform an exorcism on him .
he was tempted to drag brynley inside to prove they were n't so horribly , dreadfully mismatched after all .
damn , they had no right to drag her into this world .
he questioned if we had the right to drag you into our world . ''
i need to finish something before you drag me off to the firing range . ''
as he tucked the card inside his jacket , he took another drag and exhaled long and slow .
`` why do n't i just hood-ornament it and drag the fucker face-first out the windshield . ''
the point of the weapon dipped out of her visual field ... and then she felt the tip go into her cheekbone and drag slowly downward .
a second drag and your next stop 's the wastepaper basket - and not to toss your kleenex , true . ''
`` i nearly had to drag him up there myself .
and damned if the angel had any clue how to drag the brother out of it .
`` verily , you will have to kill me and drag my body out of here if you wish me to leave . ''
if i thought he was in danger , i 'd drag him kicking and screaming into the foyer .
he tried to drag himself up , but his son had to help him , because he had lost all muscle tone : with john 's help , he reassumed his position .
he went to drag his fingers through his hair and realized he 'd cut it all off .
shane looked good enough to drag back to her room .
she wanted to drag her parents out to their car and make them go .
your hems drag in the dirt . ''
flowers his strength , and it took a little time - time we do n't have , thought elena furiously - for him to drag his attention to elena .
and it certainly was n't a place i was willing to go or even compromise on , even if he did drag me into the ranks .
it was also too deep to drag out with my fingers .
as jason tried to drag himself to the window , tony dashed up the stairs and grabbed him .
he used the vampires and vampaneze to throw mankind off course , to reduce the cities of the world to rubble , to drag humans back into the dark ages , so that he could control them again .
people 's faces seemed to stretch ; their voices seemed to drag .
`` we really have to drag you into the twenty-first century , argeneau .
elvi stared up at him with disbelief , then grasped the dashboard with one hand and victor 's knee with the other and managed to drag herself back up to peer around , relieved to see the big yellow furniture store sign .
`` so do you , '' she breathed , raising and lowering herself again , and then he released her br**sts and gave up caressing her to catch her by the arms and drag her down to claim her mouth .
katricia figured in twenty years she should be used to having a life mate and not be trying to drag him off to the bedroom every five minutes .
she wo n't be able to drag herself away from you .
`` you 're one of those people who are early for everything , '' lucian growled , offering his wife an affectionate smile to soften the words , and then he scowled at paul and added , `` while mr. jones here appears to drag his feet about everything . ''
he could n't take me to the ever-after unless i let him ; he 'd have to drag me to a ley line .
simple snag and drag . ''
it yanked , trying to drag her back through the gap .
and you cant let him drag you down with him .
when she did , she stopped , and stumbled as gretchen continued to drag her relentlessly onward , past the rows of empty folding chairs , all the way to the front , where oliver was standing near another velvet curtain .
eve ordered , and grabbed hesss arm to drag him away from the building .
normally he kept the tyre on a special stand in his caravan , but occasionally he 'd drag it outside and sleep in the open .
`` we 'll build a good fire , eat , rest - and drag the panther - up tomorrow . ''
so i guess it probablyhas been used to drag up corpses - accidentally , like . ''
letting one of these barbarians `` claim '' her , then drag her away and do god knows what to her , held no appeal .
she skidded to a stop , forcing him to stop , as well , or drag her prone body .
and what is an angel but a ghost in drag ?
`` they can not drag you down into them , the voices , but do not ignore this power ; it 's as important as any other you possess .
she felt something burst from her , a huge silent wave of power crashing toward siobhan , ready to drag the vampire under .
i stripped off the rumpled dinner jacket , and other nighttime finery- vampire drag , par excellence ! -and found a cotton shirt , decent linen jacket , and pants .
one weak link could drag down an entire army .
but i want you all , whatever , whoever you are , to know this : i '' ve got no patience with idiots who '' ll drag a grudge across five hundred miles and a thousand years .
you told me to drag them into the light !
he '' d drag `` em back and lock them up and throw everything at `` em and see what stuck .
but in the trial , you had to drag around a heavy rock - half your weight - which slowed you down .
`` the more you stay away , the longer you can drag it out . ''
her voice was amused this time , and he forced himself to drag his fascinated gaze away from the escaping flesh to raise apologetic eyes to hers .
he saved her , because the king would kill him if he did n't drag her back .
she could double back and drag him away .
when she did n't move he tilted his head , `` do you want me to drag you there by your shoulder ? ''
if i could drag the contest out , she might lose her temper and do something silly .
my breath came faster as marshal 's hands started exploring , running across my jeans to drag me up where i could feel him pressing into me .
`` but the downside is it 's a pain to drag them out of the store , and if you leave them in here , when they can move again , they 're usually pretty pissed and looking for blood . ''
there is no corner of hell you can find where i will not hunt you down , drag you out , and torture you until you bleed out at my feet .
chapter 3 `` dang , boy , you drag that tail any lower and you wo n't be able to get across a parking lot . ''
he watched as adarian put his head down and streamlined his drag coefficient so that he moved like a bullet .
it 's just ... not the first time i 've watched demons drag off my boyfriend ... or my family . ''
greg took a long drag .
it was that it seemed to want to pull him downward , to drag him through the ship , through the green ocean water , through the fragile crust of the earth itself .
i had to drag you through the water , and you were n't offering much help . ''
she tried to drag herself into a sitting position , ignoring the searing pain in her head .
one step , he told himself , but he could n't do it , could n't move , could n't bring himself to drag his feet one more step forward .
at first simon thought something had merely tumbled from one of the upper windows-an air conditioner ripping loose , or someone too lazy to drag their trash downstairs .
she heard the silk rip as she tore free and turned to see lilith drag jace to his feet , her hand fastened in the bloody front of his shirt .
`` i had n't meant to drag the conversation in this direction .
dru was n't fast , and kept stumbling ; she fell several times , and emma had to drag her to her feet .
the rest were no doubt lying on the cold tile within the merth 's border , waiting for someone to drag them to safety .
`` why would i give her a quick death when i could drag it on for years ? ''
`` always the drag , you red heathen ... and what will you be doing , pray i ask ? ''
mortimer did n't drag me away from bishop because he was annoyed .
why bring me here to drag on this torture ?
`` sometimes , but what i really miss are the tufts of fur you 'd drag home from whatever you 'd killed .
she ran off , and he started to drag himself across the floor with his arms .
did big men in white coats come drag him off to a big looming building with the baby eaters and mailman killers ?
though i 'd had the nap , i was beginning to drag .
she took a drag on her cigarette .
as if he battled the urge to drag her away by the hair .
if he had to , he would drag her outside and demand she drink from him .
breathing should have been impossible , but aden managed to drag in a few mouthfuls of air as he lumbered to his feet .
bottom line : at any moment vlad could whisper , command him to drag her home , hurt her , bury her , and tucker would obey without hesitation .
`` get dressed , or i 'll drag you from the room naked . ''
`` well , you 're going to have to find a way to flash there and drag me out because i 'm going with or without your permission . ''
the few times sienna convinced herself to drag her winged self up the stairs , the demon inside her had gone insane , flashing all kinds of hateful images through her head .
her legs were a bit rubbery , causing her feet to drag .
the petite danika put her arm around the hulking maddox and somehow managed to drag him into the hall .
she was about to ask but had a feeling the topic would only drag out the conversation .
i managed to flop onto my stomach and drag my way to the top of the stairs where a tiny click , click , click like a marble bouncing caught my attention .
or i swear by my brethren , cimil , i will drag you to mexico by your innards and shove you down that hole with chaam . ''
i slide into the last empty seat and drag some french toast onto my plate with as much stealth as possible ; no need to attract her attention .
at this point , i will drag him into the girls ' restroom and corner him in a stall if it means i can start this stupid project .
i pick up my wrinkled black t-shirt and drag it over my head before thanking her for the bikini .
chapter seventeen by the time i drag my feet through thomas jeff 's heavy glass doors the next morning , i am running on one hour of sleep , bus fumes , and the three bites of cereal i managed to take before caroline 's over-the-breakfast-table scowl put the fear of sisterly retribution in me .
to drag me off kicking and screaming to evernight again ? ''
i felt like i could n't move , like they would have to drag me up there .
skye leaned forward and reached out with the branch to snag the shoulder of his long coat ; it was n't nearly sturdy enough to drag him , but the tide pool 's current kept the water roiling .
but we do n't want to drag him into this , do we ?
she 'd just finished teaching a freshman biology class and he 'd waited for the giggling girls to drag themselves past him before he slowly approached her desk .
but at least she was able-with superhuman strength-to drag her gaze from that full lower lip , the lines and planes of a face that would bring humans to their knees in the streets if he chose to mingle .
`` i 'll call you and you can drag your ass back and give me a ride .
i inhaled deeply from the cigarette , knowing i was killing myself slowly , but loving every drag .
would a she-devil manifest in a swirl of black smoke to drag me down to hell ?
why drag you out to ... where is it ?
or blindsided and tackled her to the floor where i wanted to give her the world 's biggest noogie and wedgie and then drag her over to my bathroom toilet for a `` swirlie , '' as the kids used to call it back when i was in high school .
the cute guide might drag him back out ?
what reason could they have to drag her out of her own dig ?
he lifted his own cross and let it drag across her stomach , setting her fur to smoldering .
she had wanted to drag him along on her hunts , forcing him to witness her depravations and murder .
henrik roughly grabbed his arm at the foot of the bridge , ready to drag him across if necessary .
he could bring both wrists to its edge , drag them swiftly down , cutting deep .
he probably had n't moved the whole time i 'd been in the shower , except to drag his computer closer .
`` because people saw stephenson drag you out of the country club .
chapter nine jo-jo stepped aside so finn and i could drag the unconscious violet fox into the house .
a court case would drag on for years , and dawson 's pockets are a lot deeper than warren 's are . ''
let slater drag me off the boat and into one of the alleys that surrounded the riverfront .
`` better me go by myself than drag the rest of you down with me , '' i pointed out in a quiet voice .
i hoped he was smart enough to walk away and drag pete along with him .
the creature would latch onto me , drag me into the water , and drown me before gobbling up my bloody remains at its leisure .
`` gin , '' donovan rasped against my mouth , his arms tightening around me that much more , as if he could somehow drag me inside his own body .
it took me a moment to gather my courage enough to drag my gaze away from the mermaid and look at the injured figure again .
his inherent giant strength and the smooth marble floor made it easy for him to drag the body , like a kid pulling a wagon behind him .
sure , i could drag him , but it would take some effort on my part , and i needed my energy for more important things .
the sixth man grabbed my left arm and leered at me , but he did n't drag me away from the buffet table .
hazel and the other two men had already managed to drag sophia outside .
i 'll drag you if i have to , but we both know that we do n't have that kind of time right now . ''
grimes 's men will catch up with them and drag them back here .
maybe we 'll have a little fun with her before we drag her back to grimes .
they would drag me out there and make me dig at the sides , making it larger and larger so they could dump more bodies in on top of the ones that were already there .
his plan to hunt me down , find sophia , and drag us both back to his mountain had completely unraveled , and grimes was coming undone at the seams right along with it .
there was no place for me in sebastian 's world , and i did n't want to drag him into mine .
but if it makes you feel better , we 'll drag her body out of there when we start clearing away the rubble in a few days . ''
another second , two tops , and he would open his mouth and yell at the other vamps to drag us out from behind the car .
as for me , no doubt , the vampire kingpin would want to drag me back down to his lab to conduct some more experiments on me , since i was such a fascinating test subject .
`` she slipped a roofie to her bodyguard , hot-wired a car , and went drag racing on buzzard 's highway .
a second later i sent her into motion and bailed too , before the dying mind could drag me under .
it wo n't shrink for the fomorians , so they had to physically drag it somewhere .
he took another drag and held it .
without a fully formed plan , i started clawing at the floor to drag myself along .
the next time you have a chance to go to a drag show , i do n't care what you have to do , but you better smuggle my ass in . ''
i wanted to drag her back and make her deal with this , but i did n't have time .
`` she , '' the drag queen corrected .
`` you told me about the drag show , remember ?
i had a date with a hot mage , a mischief demon , and a drag queen fae to get to .
apparently i was n't the only one who thought there might be a very good reason pw used to lip-synch during her drag shows .
i sighed , knowing she 'd drag it out of me by force if necessary .
my memory flashed back to the night when the faery decided to leave brooks behind and adopt his drag queen persona full time .
instead , i clenched my fists tight and struggled not to grab him and drag him away to a secluded place where i could show him how damned sorry i was .
in addition to the apartment she 'd shared with georgia , mac also rented rooms to a few drag queens employed by the club .
`` right , because how much trouble can a mischief demon and a changeling drag queen get into ? ''
`` you need us to come drag her back ? ''
the situation worked out brilliantly for all concerned , since brooks was a far better bar owner than performer and his drag queen employees worshipped him .
the changeling owned a bar called lagniappe in the french quarter , which hosted drag shows a few times a week .
if i 'm out of the picture , you need to go and you 'll need to drag derek and ascanio out of there , because they wo n't leave me .
i needed to drag myself up and go down to the third floor to see if doolittle had an update .
to her credit , she did n't drag it out .
he landed the boat and i helped him drag it ashore .
i could n't drag this hurt around me for the rest of my life .
i would rather drag a dozen rocks in my chest and know that he was n't my chance at happiness , than walk away and never be sure .
to get you confirmed as alpha , i 'd have to bring you in front of the council and they will bitch , and moan , and drag it out , and our time is short .
with the following hour heaving by sluggishly , he began speaking about his parents , regaling with tales of his adolescence , such as his dad and him watching football on sundays or how his mom would drag him and his dad away from the television on the occasional sunday to attend church .
he grunted , taking another drag .
when i stilled , he chuckled , relaxing further into his chair , and took another drag .
ezra grunted , taking a drag from his cigarette .
his lips curled around his cigarette , taking a drag , his green eyes watchful .
simple , quiet words before he took another drag of his cigarette .
again , his gaze ran up and down me as he took another drag .
utterly drained , i had barely been able to drag myself out of bed after the late night babysitting at king venclaire 's home the previous evening .
they probably did n't even expect me to know what the hell i was doing , since they never saw the meetings in the study that king kincaid would drag me into when i was n't studying .
it was endearing but , really , could she honestly imagine ezra in drag or , instead , imagine one of his girlies leaving that behind so she would have a valid reason to come back ?
one kiss , and she was ready to grab him by the arm and drag him upstairs .
she had a crazy urge to rip his shirt off , to drag him down onto the floor of the cave , to explore the hard muscled length of his body pressing down on hers , to feel his mouth , hot and hungry , on hers .
she savored his kiss for another moment , then pushed him away , afraid that if he kissed her again , she might drag him down on the grass and do it right there .
and yet the scent of her blood , the steady beat of her heart , all called to the beast within , urging him to drag her into the shadows and satisfy both of his hungers .
need rose up within him , urging him to drag her closer , to drink his fill and , in so doing , ease the dreadful agony that ebbed and flowed with every breath .
with the passing of each day , she worried that rodin and her father would arrive at the castle and drag them all back to the fortress .
iremember myrna thornton tearing my grandmother 's house up looking for tara , ignoring my grandmother 's protests , until gran had to call the sheriff 's department to come drag myrna out .
since the sonic was on the town 's main drag , there were lights up and down the street , and i could actually see pretty well in the areas where the structures allowed light to go ; unfortunately , that made the shadows impenetrable .
but the voices did n't get any closer , and we did n't hear the baying of wolves , and nothing bit my leg to drag me down .
not to drag the past into the present too much , but alcide had broken up with debbie pelt before i met him .
`` do n't let them drag you into it , '' he said , and then looked like he regretted opening his mouth .
according to their plan , i 'd come to the front , knock on the door , and one of them would fling it open and drag me in .
`` i prefer to drag myself along the hardwood floor . ''
they usually drag their heels when a call is about a courtyard . ''
and if she did n't get her butt back to shadow falls soon , della was going to drag her friend back kicking and screaming .
the next morning kylie had to drag herself out of bed to get dressed and comb her hair .
`` you come anywhere near my breasts again and it wo n't be your ear i drag you out by next time .
`` drag me into what ? ''
she did n't want to drag kylie and miranda into this .
`` you could n't drag me . ''
they said they did n't want to drag me to germany with them , that they 'd be busy while they were there , and that they wanted me to stay in an american school to have the best chance of going to a great college here .
i , on the other hand , had a little more trouble , and had to drag my gaze away from this boy in the garden .
i saw no need to also drag michael into this .
i asked , watching two of marlena 's minions drag a cursing veronica down the pedway .
regardless , it took me a moment to drag my gaze away from adam keene and those hypnotic golden eyes , and i got a look of chastisement in green ones when i finally managed it .
i was n't willing , at least at this point , to drag the individual vampires into it .
they said they did n't want to drag me to germany with them , that they 'd be busy while they were there , and that they wanted me to stay in an american school to have the best chance of going to a great col ege here .
i had the urge to drag him into the trees to keep him safe .
merl nodded and took a slow drag on his cigarette , squinting , savoring .
merl had started out intrigued by what had brought them into his house , but by the end of her narrative , he 'd slumped in his chair , took the last drag of his cigarette before folding it away , then released a heavy sigh .
she struck quickly then formed a seal over the wound and began to drag his samuel- flavored blood into her mouth .
hardesty rose , pulling in a long drag as he did so .
in my sect , there was a group of bullies , girls , who would catch me and one of them would take me by the braid and drag me around until i was screaming and crying .
leto began to drag her backward across the cell .
always when he saw her , he wanted to run to her , slide his arm around her waist , drag her against him .
he wanted to drag her into his arms but he was probably always going to feel like that .
he wanted to reach for her , grab her , drag her back down to the bed , but what good would that do ?
we do n't need to drag this out .
he wanted to bust the damn thing down and drag havily back to bed .
her breath came out in one long slow drag .
a soft hiss sounded and afterward another drag .
it was very selfish on her part to drag him into vampire politics and the personal squabblings of their inner circle .
and drag the doorman with you . ''
ringo lit a cigarette and took a deep drag .
to drag corbin to the store and subject him to a baby registry .
when he managed to drag his eyes off her chest and look higher , he watched in fascination as her lips opened sensually and her hips swiveled toward him .
it might be harder than she 'd thought to drag brittany away from this guy .
if i have to drag you there with my two hands i will , '' her dad said .
`` i can just have julian drag the memories forcefully from your mind .
devon paid them no attention as he stormed after the one still trying to drag cassie with it .
prepared to drag her kicking and screaming back into the house if that was what it took .
dani had managed to drag melissa 's prone figure to the porch , she was struggling to pull her up the stairs .
reaching the bed , she somehow managed to drag herself onto it before passing out once more .
without him , she was n't even sure that she would be able to drag herself out of bed in the morning .
he was going to drag this out for as long as possible , and he was going to enjoy every second of it .
she could not risk him getting hurt ; she could not drag him into this world with her .
she thought of the darkness that had threatened to drag her under earlier , but instead of being afraid of it , she found strength in the power she knew coursed within her now .
it took all she had not to leap to her feet , grab hold of his arm , and drag him from the cavern and demand to know what the hell he was thinking .
she had no doubt that he would drag her into the bathroom , strip her , and dump her into a tub of water .
if he meant her harm , he would n't drag her into a corner where they could easily be discovered .
what other items must you drag forth and force me to ponder ? ''
she merely gave him an inscrutable look and lifted the hem of rubey 's frock so that it did n't drag on the ground .
the sharp , pounding pain radiating over his back urged him to grab those delicate shoulders and drag her to him .
perhaps it was this-the recognition of the tantalizing scent , its familiarity and corresponding forbiddance-that enabled him to grasp the last wisp of control and drag himself away .
she 'd been more than patient , waiting for him to drag his lazy bones from his chamber .
and if he won , he would drag her off to the chamber .
and should i pretend to resist , or should i drag you eagerly from this chamber as i 've longed to do these last weeks ? ''
chas knew he was being enthralled , but in his weakened state , he could hardly drag his eyes away .
i 'll go drag his ass back inside . ''
`` drag dante away from cassie .
using every bit of energy he could drag up , ryder pushed to his feet .
at least , that way , her bastard of a father would have time to drag his sorry ass out of town .
`` help ... him ... '' she choked a bit as she fought to drag in clear oxygen .
maybe the phoenix would manage to drag eve from the rubble .
`` i do n't want to have to drag your hide out of another . ''
if he said no , she 'd walk away , and drag her pride with her .
he 'd read about them back in college in one of his medieval studies classes that he 'd taken , hoping for an easy a , but managing to drag out a low b .
`` i did n't come here to drag up my shitty childhood . ''
sarah king let the tall , dark wolf shifter drag her down the twisting hallways of the police station .
they 're going to drag his body back . ''
sarah stood , trying to drag karen to her feet .
the demon would be out soon , and he 'd drag the woman down with him .
he let the words fall between them and managed to drag his gaze up to hers .
`` but before i drag your ass off to jail , you will answer my questions . ''
she could n't seem to drag her eyes away from adam .
his father 's body was nearby-the elemaiya had managed to drag it out of a nearby house , securely wrapped in a black cloth .
i was n't about to drag it out here .
i just do n't want to drag you down . ''
they tried to drag him toward the restraining chair , and he dug his feet in .
bart himself came out to drag the fallen back to the safety of the stands , and i did n't really start breathing again until i saw the poor guy limply move an arm .
i managed to catch myself on one elbow and one knee , using my free hand to reach behind me and drag the boar over my shoulder and fling it to the ground .
`` lilly , i need to talk to ridley for a minute before you drag her off , ok ? ''
wild , wild horses could n't drag me away .
with each step , it seemed an effort to drag them forward , on toward the front door .
i turn away , letting doc 's words drag me from thoughts of the girl with sunset hair .
i 'm not going to be the one to drag him away from the stars .
she steps out and i grab her wrist and drag her behind me , out of the fiction room and toward the hall .
she wheezes , trying to drag air back into her .
i grab tiernan , drag him back to the group , and have my people start passing on the word : stay on the path , keep up , let no one get left behind .
my first instinct is to get amy-i have n't even told her about the crystal scale i found yet-but i 'm trying to figure out what colonel martin is hiding , and he 'll definitely have suspicions if i drag her away from her mother .
and you drag the rest of us along with you ! ''
elijah knows he 's being a drag .
finally she does , and she takes a long drag , letting a plume of smoke out of her mouth .
how i cleared the shelves of my trophies and dumped my beanbag chair and learned how to dress and never ate the hot lunch , and , above all , learned to stay away from the people who would drag me down , and carry me back to that place .
`` i ca n't drag you .
he takes a drag , the tip of the cigarette glowing red near his silhouette in the dim light from the streetlamps and headlights below .
we drag the chairs and one nightstand out onto the balcony , where we sip coffee and eat from opposite sides of the cake without dividing it .
he takes another drag , stubbing it out before we enter the hotel .
he does n't elaborate , taking another drag on the cigarette and looking out over the parched yard .
he chuckles as our eyes roll and we drag ourselves to the waiting cars .
you 've been crashing here for the past week , and not only are you almost always stone-cold sober , which is kind of a damned drag , you have n't brought a girl back with you at al .
that we are n't going to drag him into a tug-of-war .
after we remove your head , we 'll drag your little spawn back to the prince and watch him take her apart , piece by piece .
grabbing it by the horns , i started to drag it away , when a faint yet familiar rumble drifted over the grass , coming from the nearby road .
the man next to me did n't seem to notice ; his arm slid down my back and curled around my waist , trying to drag me away .
part of the darkness that would drag him down and tear him apart .
i just prayed i would n't drag him into the darkness with me .
i had come so far to rescue him ; i had watched kanin drag himself out of madness , endured the awful dreams and visions of torture , and now ... now he would probably ... `` how long do i have ? ''
he did n't protest and let me drag him to the cot where sarren had tied me down , and the cart of metal instruments still beside it .
i cut it off from the rope and drag it to a little clearing and put it down such that it forms a little tent .
( one of them , i 've since heard , is now a drag queen in columbus , ohio .
everyone cheers , except for some of the more elitist drag queens , who feign disinterest .
`` you good people , '' mike says , and then he takes a drag off his joint .
i was so afraid the week was going to drag now that i had the weekend to look forward to , but thankfully , it sailed by .
sara noticed my hesitation and grabbed my hand to drag me down the stairs .
tom eyed her full cup in confusion , but let peyton drag him away .
you do n't have to let him drag you through this guilt trip too . '
you did n't drag me into anything . ''
i let him drag me out of the room , though .
and we all say , `` amen , '' and drag the word out long and long .
i tuck in the ends so they will not drag .
i drag the blade of the knife along a rock .
i grab its hair , its gooey flesh oozing between my fingers as i drag back its hostile body .
they grab aiden again , this time more violently , and drag him out , along with his fear that he 'll never see me again .
i drag my leg closer , sand building between my toes and sticking to my skin .
aiden clutches my foot and tries to drag me back .
i drag tristan by his feet and hide him in a corner .
`` think you could drag me along next time you go ?
i push my body farther into his , wrapping my arms around his back , feeling his sweat under my fingernails as i drag them firmly down his moist skin .
i hardly have the strength anymore to drag myself across the hot grass and i fall again , having less control over the power of my transformation .
the chains around her ankles knock against the steps and then drag ominously across the hardwoods on the upstairs floor .
he nods and they drag ashe and the others around the back of the house toward the new reinforced basement door .
i guess picking out colors of bridesmaid 's dresses and something about a theme and whatnot , constitutes as a yes- ( god , someone please conveniently drag me off at the right moment when she starts shoving patterns and color palettes in my face because i do n't know my ass from my head when it comes to that stuff ) .
what 's your drag ? ''
he was a bull masti who came up to my waist , a young buck with tons of energy who literally tried to drag me through washington square park .
`` i 'd drag tusks across paris every night if i could , it was such a treat . ''
he was having a hard time holding his eyes open , and his body felt like an anchor trying to drag him down .
she could drag chiro 's body with her , or she could complete the gleaning and leave it behind .
when he had grabbed up sarazal , sveva had n't really believed he meant to drag her away and make a meal of her , but it was hard not to be afraid when her heartbeat skittered sideways at the mere sight of him .
he waved the soldiers off when they tried to drag the creature back , and he ordered his steward to bring food .
she felt like she was still at the edge of the pit , that fetid darkness threatening to drag her down .
by the time i drag myself down to breakfast-feeling as though someone is grinding sand into both of my eyes- the official story about the incident at the labs has been released .
i find a flattened cardboard box sitting behind a dumpster and drag it over to riley 's body , covering him completely .
somehow i find the strength to drag myself to the fence on my hands and knees , dry-heaving , vomiting dust .
i do n't want to have to drag your ass out of the woods again . ''
now they are full of burning , and alex , and thorns that become chains and drag me into the earth .
i drag the back of my hand across my cheeks and nose .
instead i drag my lazy ass out of bed to get the house clean before dad gets home .
`` nah , i would n't want to drag you away from planning your wedding .
every now and then , a tangent would get in there , but he 'd always drag it back .
i drag her to find destroy all cars and first day on earth .
maybe the poised , stately woman with the butter-blonde hair , wearing the pink lilly pulitzer dress was so dreadfully unhappy she could barely drag herself to the store .
scott took a long drag .
`` did you drag me outside to play basketball with you ? ''
i was determined to find him , shake some sense into him , and drag him back home .
our friends , our families can drag us onto coasters and tilt-a-whirls that are really meant for them .
she took a long confident drag and then blew smoke toward a ceiling that probably held a dozen different kinds of sensors , the least of which was for smoke .
but bex was glaring at her and , unlike me , she actually looked capable of throwing someone off the landing ; so with one last drag , our guest dropped the cigarette into the empty diet coke can and followed me down the stairs as a wave of girls pushed past us .
`` uh-huh , '' i said , all the while watching as bex struggled to drag liz across the roof-to the back of the house-but liz slipped and started sliding down .
she was screaming and trying to drag me into the car . ''
`` so , cammie , is it true they sent a swat team to drag you out of your grandparents ' house on christmas morning ? ''
at that moment , i 'm pretty sure bex wanted to drag our roommate into the nearest bulletproof automobile and drive back to roseville as quickly as humanly possible .
i wo n't drag this danger to nebraska , no matter how many guards might go along .
guilt weighed on her , and i for one was terrified of how far it might drag her down .
she had come so far , and standing there , watching her cousin drag four priceless paintings through the air and into the heating duct , it should have been the proudest moment of her life .
i let her drag me away , mostly because i was afraid she might zap me if i did n't , but also because i was genuinely curious .
i practical y had to drag myself to my room .
and under that shelf , drag marks in the dirt .
she laughs again and as much as i 'm having fun talking to her , that laugh makes me want to drag her to the floor with me and do nothing but kiss her again .
after my mom has a `` talk '' with me over the phone about private parts remaining private , i drag avi to the museum of science and industry .
and maybe henry , if he can drag himself out of bed in time .
i drag my hands through my tangled hair , tangling it more .
we 'll tell all the girls it 's a farm theme , you see , but really all the guys will dress in drag .
at my house , i lock my bike in the garage , then drag myself inside , all the while wishing the sweet and funny brian i knew a few weeks ago would come back .
i drag my pencil down the paper , drawing tears rolling from her eyes .
we hike up the trail together and i reach out to drag my fingers across pine needles dripping from trees .
i drag my fingers through fritz 's fur .
`` if i did n't love that horse so much , i 'd send him to drag a tourist carriage in new york city , '' jack says in a deep tennessee drawl .
i drag a hand down my red braid and bring it to my mouth to chew on it .
what i did want was to drag her out , tell her about the murder investigation , then find some way to make both elliot and jules disappear from our lives .
you 'll just drag me back in here . ''
i turned back to see patch drag his hands down his face .
my first chemistry lab was coming up , and with marcie as my partner , i was preparing for the worst by putting in extra hours outside of school to drag along her dead weight .
i 'm looking for some poor sucker to drag along . ''
he 'd probably drag me with him .
i swore i 'd drag your dad 's name through the mud as many times as it took , if it meant i got my life back .
`` did you drag me in here to talk about our parents , or are you really that interested in me ? ''
from the scene while gabe and the others i began drafting ideas in my mind of how to drag b.j .
`` what lame excuse did that woman give to drag you home ? ''
letting the shorter nephil drag me deeper into the narrow breezeway , i hoped the gamble would pay off .
`` the tide will drag him out , and the sharks will have an easy meal . ''
patch had also met dante for the first time this morning , and for most of the tense meeting , i feared one would drag the other into a fistfight .
i wanted to stick to our original plan : drag blakely in and curtail the production of devilcraft .
and i would not allow him to drag the words out of me .
i inched backward , relying on my good arm to drag me .
i give up and drag myself back to my icu .
`` i 'm not talking about the concert , adam , '' she says before taking another labored drag .
he takes a drag and i wince .
`` she was sort of a drag sometimes , '' says one , watching her cepan .
i click on the hyperlink and drag it over to the `` investigate '' directory ... but then i stop .
we drag the unconscious soldier behind the humvee .
this guy 's really heavy , and it 's all i can do to drag him over the craggy piles of junk and rocks as we make our way across the vast expanse of the base 's ruins towards the edge of the crater .
then we wait another half hour just to be sure no one will spot us and drag it to the end of the dock .
another long , sucking drag and swallow by the arum , and dawson 's back bowed off the ground .
daemon seemed to drag in a deep breath .
`` and if you get in my way , i will drag you down with me . ''
`` i did n't tell you this , honey , because i did n't want to drag up bad memories , but will ... well , he was sick once , like your father . ''
i buy all the apples i can find and drag them , bushel by bushel , over to father .
i drag elliott toward the stern , still clutching the railing with one hand , until we are close enough to speak to kent .
and then the guards drag him away .
we have to fight the crowd running the other way , but eventually i drag will into a black corridor .
the pale , miserable boy still made no effort to resist , letting them drag him across the dusty stone of the courtyard .
thomas looked back to see another guard half drag minho across the floor to follow , and newt was right behind them , struggling to no avail .
`` grab his butt and drag him in ! ''
`` you 're way too strong to let her drag you under , annabel lee .
there is another splash as a shirtless jim tanner jumps into the water , as planned , to come help me drag my burden to the shore .
he 's that cove what tried to drag my passed-out drunken body off to do me on that black day back at dovecote !
like a dog on a leash , the belle thrashes about on its anchor line , and i am glad we secured the boat with backup lines tied to trees on the shore , should the anchor drag .
and when you do finally drag your thoughtless carcass through the door , you will not say where you have been or what you 've been doing . ''
his companions recoiled in horror and dismay amid her savage snarls and their foolish companion 's cries of fear and pain ; his legs jerked ; his feet pushed against the weathered planks as he tried to yank himself free , but the drag of her bulk upon his captured arm had wedged him even tighter .
when typhoeus 's children sense the end has come , they drag their rotting , bloated bodies to this spot at the top of the world , where they explode-some after they 've died , some before .
it is naught but a few moments till i hear the sound of the grappling hooks come across the rails of my dear nancy b to dig into her and drag her alongside the man-of-war .
he clamps down on it with his teeth and takes a long , deep drag of it .
finally , she 'd rest the vacuum cleaner carefully behind one of our porch columns only to drag it back in that night when she got home from work .
having too many kids ... daniel and i may not stay together , but ... at least ... he 's not going to drag me down . ''
she jiggles my arm , roughly enough that it hurts , and i drag myself upstairs , collapse on my mattress , too weary to take off my dress or dive under the covers .
good timing , '' mom says jovially as i drag myself into the kitchen in response to her yoo-hoo , samantha , i need you .
and gerald , he was saying , dude , you know there 's a word for that kind of relationship , and i was like , please tell me what it is because this is killing me , and gerald was smiling and taking a big drag before he said to me , friendship , man-that shit 's called friendship .
`` there 's this one drag queen who does aimee mann and calls herself-well , she calls herself aimee man , with one n. and then there 's fiona adam's-apple and sheryl crowbar and natalie merchant-of-penis .
i feel even worse when we get there and find a line full of hipless hipsters , drag queens holding court , go-go boy aspirants , and flavas of the week .
the hostess is a drag queen calling herself sarah mclocklips , and she starts by asking for some volunteers from the audience to be the impromptu opening act-apparently , paula cole-minor's-slaughter retired and nobody bothered to tell the organizers .
s/he gives nick a playful slap on the ass as we walk in and nick does n't react like tal , who would have pounced back at a drag queen daring to touch him .
another drag of the cigarette , and an ear turned toward the club .
dodge took a final drag and ground out the cigarette butt underneath the heel of his cowboy boot .
she takes a drag of something stronger than a cigarette and passes it to me .
`` because if you do n't , i 'm gon na drag you out .
she takes another drag of her cigarette while shaking her head .
i take another drag while wishing brittany did n't tempt me like she does .
if she does n't shimmy herself out in a few minutes i 'm tempted to drag her ass out .
keno leans forward , takes a drag , and blows smoke out in one long stream .
mi'ama takes another drag of her cigarette .
i 'll be damned if i drag nikki into the lb .
you 've got fifteen minutes to drag her ass out . ''
i hope i can convince one of them to give me a drag .
knowing that fighting will drag us deeper , i cut the engine .
beth thirty minutes of observing ryan squirm on the couch across from scott was enough to atone for allowing ryan to drag me to the marathon game at the ballpark .
i ca n't drag you home . ''
i 'm going to drop the chains that drag me down .
he sucks in a long drag and blows out the smoke as he stares at me .
`` obviously the whole sick thing is wrong and if you do n't take me to the drag race , i 'll tell west about tonight . ''
why i 'm drag racing ?
kissing would be better , but i wo n't drag her further into hell by forcing her to be physical with me .
`` and you like to drag race . ''
the temperature has dropped dramatically since we first met at the drag race .
i open my mouth to tell him what type of friends he has , since they were the ones who took me to the drag race and left me to fend for myself .
it 's the guy from the drag race .
the moment you say drag racing and threatened , they 'll put the pieces together .
so we have at least one thing in common , besides cars and the drag race and eric ... .
`` and isaiah is going to drag race my car in order to help me get it .
`` have you drag raced before ? ''
i turn left at the end of the drag strip and pause for my competition to catch up : a nova with sweet upgrades .
the continued drag racing is aging my baby .
even though she wo n't be the person drag racing with it , i do n't want her in a car with that type of danger .
i 'm going to drag race .
he wanted to drag her into his arms and bury his face in her hair .
`` i want to drag you off and hide you away , '' he whispered .
`` the drag marks further on .
my heart felt cold as ice as i replied , `` drag them past the edge of the forest .
but i was so flummoxed by his words that i let gavin drag me out over the side , into the water , and all the way to shore .
i allow myself one last inhale of cool fresh air before my friends drag me into the darkness , heat and noise of the bar .
i grab his hand and drag him out to the living room and stand in front of javi 's giant television .
clap a hand over my forehead , drag it down the length of my face .
they 'll just go down the row , pop pop pop , and then drag the dead bodies away .
`` it 's all right , i do n't mind if you drag my ass inside . ''
it gave him a chance to drag you away and come back for me later .
if she could drag him through twelve ridiculous steps , convincing him that at the end he 'd learn how to skinjack , she might find the key to defeating him-or at least , a way to free her friends .
at noon , she could see from her windows that the airship was no longer laboring forward , for the many afterlights straining to drag it had reached an impasse against the wind .
allie was n't sure how much nick remembered , and how much mikey even knew about that fateful day the bridge blew up , so she told them how she helped drag mary , hair-first , out of everlost , and into the living world .
i began to drag myself along the ground .
i remember walking , holding hands with my mom in this dumpy little town , and once we got away from the main drag , once we walked far enough down this empty road , my mom told me to look up .
attacks my haiku with his head-banging it against the glass several times before the guards come and drag him out of the visitor 's room .
but she ca n't drag her gaze away any more than i can , and we stare together , turned to stone .
i drag forth enough energy to look up .
`` listen , i ca n't drag your ass through the forest for you .
i 'm better equipped to drag a crazy person across a wilderness than cope with the possibility that she 's receiving communications from-what ?
it is n't until late afternoon that we finally drag ourselves from bed , and only then because we need to refill the canteen from the spring .
i want to drag her away , take away the memory , somehow get her to unsee what she 's seen .
i wrap an arm around her and drag her to her feet , more of her dress turning to dust with every movement .
she cries out , fighting me as i drag her toward the blue light of the rift .
i drag myself up so that i can look down at tarver , who 's still half dazed , searching for breath .
i could feel swarms of shadows nearby , enough to drag us all down to hell , but he did n't summon them immediately and i could n't help but wonder what his game was .
i tried to block it with my hand or at least soften the blow to my face , but my right arm was completely out of socket ; i could n't even drag it around on the ground it rested on .
he sucked in another long drag and blew it out over my head .
he lit it with the tip of his finger and sucked in a long drag to get it going .
he pulled out a cigarette and lit it before sucking in a long drag .
he believed enough to drag his pack into a coup against the head of the daylight coven .
they 'll drag this out a little . ''
it has become '' -blavatsky took a slow drag on her cigarette- '' too perilous to share via email .
`` i had no idea the knockdown , drag out astonishing hold you 'd put on me jules .
i try to drag her into conversations , but i 'm not having much success , even when shawnie brown , my girlfriend from sophomore year , comes over .
i will drag you back here myself if i have- '' cooper hits delete .
with each drag of the bristles through my sister 's butter-blond hair , the sounds of footsteps and voices grow quieter .
move your feet , or i 'll knock you out and drag you outside ! ''
two of yonkers 's mates go to him and cut him down and drag him off toward the fo'c'sle .
`` well , if you , miss , are partial to lads what ai n't got no foreheads or necks and whose knuckles drag on the ground as they walks , then loomis is just the man for you !
`` i had to drag some californians out of a snowbank . ''
i drag my gaze away from christian 's truck .
later i drag the good old duffel bag into the backyard and try it one more time .
i stand like i 'm rooted to the spot as tucker and murphy drag the rafts from the trailer and into a garage on the side of the office .
she 'll take one look at me and drag me off by the arm to her bedroom , where there 's a portrait of jesus on the wall .
i listen to my breath drag in and out of my body , try to empty myself , forget myself , because only then can i reach that quiet place inside me that 's part of the light .
it 's taking every ounce of christian 's self-control not to bolt for the door and drag me with him .
i drag him up on the rocky bank , screaming for help at the top of my lungs , then fall to my knees beside him and put my ear near his chest .
i wanted to drive out to california and grab you by that pesky hair of yours and drag you back to wyoming and make you see sense .
`` do n't drag harper into this , '' aunt jewel said as she laid down another card .
there was no need to drag my personal life into all of this .
`` drag to you the images you recognize , '' says roberta on the first day of this ritual , `` and say the first word that each image brings to mind . ''
they 'll blow off the door and gas us , and a swat team will drag us out ! ''
this is cypress street , where more traffic flows than would usually be the case when the main drag is n't closed for construction .
i grab his arm and drag him to the side as the press of men and bulls is upon us .
i drag my seabag from gabriella 's back-off with my pants and on with my black embroidered skirt .
the boy and i grab her arms and drag her forward toward the foot of the gangway .
i drag out the `` boys .
cyrus had to make it in time in case she was gone , in case someone needed to drag her back from the soul eater half of her nature .
staggering back from the bed he attempted to drag his eyes from the sight of her deathly pale face .
she thought vaguely , desperate to collapse to the floor and drag noah down with her .
better to end them quick rather than drag things out . ''
i want to go ballistic on him , but aj is here , and i ca n't drag one more human into this mire .
moments later dad 's car is back and guess who gets to help him unload a million bags of mulch and soil and drag them to the shed ?
which i do n't , unless tex is going to drag me .
i let him drag me in like an old boot .
he 's not enough of an ass to drag me , thankfully .
i shake my head as i drag myself out of bed .
sure , she could n't kill me again , but she could drag me off .
in the end , i had relented with the caveat that if he hurt her again in any way , that would be it and that we would n't drag this shit out .
`` do n't make me come up there and drag your ass down here . ''
you drag me to this dinner with your parents , and then when your father attacks me , you ca n't even stand up for me ? ''
i kinda wanted to laugh because i used to have to drag his lazy ass outside to play or ride bikes or whatever the hell i wanted to do because christopher always had his nose in a video game .
i stretched my entire body over the table to retrieve his winnings , opening my arms wide to drag the pile of money back in front of me .
i took another drag as i shook my head .
writhing , she moaned , and i lifted my weight to my knees so i could drag my flattened palms down her sides .
at this point , he could n't drag me out of here .
i stepped away , awkwardly hanging back at the door as she playfully swatted christopher 's chest and turned to drag aly into her arms .
he ducked his blond head , dipping it low to carefully drag a pencil down the length of a piece of wood against a metal carpenter 's square .
aly was always trying to drag this shit out into the open .
breakfast is almost ready , '' she said , attempting to drag me from the couch with her good arm her statement set my senses in motion .
goosebumps flashed across my flesh as christian freed it and began to drag the zipper down , my skin slowly exposed .
do n't drag this out . ''
the anticipation to possibly see david tomorrow-possibly tell him i was sorry , and maybe even tell him i 'd take that last few months with him-made the day drag .
i could n't kick , could n't drag myself away from the cage .
i imagine how easy it would be for me to pull him over the counter , drag him behind the fry table , and press his face into the hot dog rollers .
he takes a last drag on his smoke and crushes it under his boot while it 's still only half smoked .
he takes a drag on his cigarette .
a great way to drag your family out of the stinking town and raise them up in the fresh air while maintaining an income from welfare and remaining unemployed .
claire fast-walks to the door to open it , and i stand up because i can hear kristina giggling outside , and then kristina and donna drag me out the door .
she told me you had to drag her there . ''
`` maybe you can drag fiona out of her room sometime before noon . ''
she takes another quick drag .
`` i 'll drag fiona there kicking and screaming . ''
i - '' he yelps as i drag him to his feet .
`` this is why i did n't mention it - i did n't want to drag you into my relationship angst .
i recognize some of the other staff from the cafe , but nobody seems too concerned to have a newcomer in their midst , they just mumble among themselves , yawning and scratching as if seven a.m. is way too early to drag their scruffy , hipster asses out of bed .
the hours slip past me in a blur of google and database updates , until three a.m. rolls around and i finally drag myself away from the desk and collapse into bed .
kayla links her arm through mine and begins to drag me purposefully out onto the porch toward that group of guys .
she 's utterly self-contained , and something about her pose - so studied and careful - reminds me of that poem they always drag out in lit class , the john donne one , about no man being an island .
the next morning , i drag myself out of bed extra early , bake two dozen sugar cookies from the pack of instant dough in the freezer , and decorate them with mandm 's reading i 'm sorry .
to drag her away would be cruel .
`` do n't worry , herbal tea is awesome for a detox , '' ana lucia added helpfully , gesturing to the staff to drag over another chair .
she tried to drag hallie away .
the last thing i want is to be a drag and risk boring my only friend .
`` maybe it would be better not to , so i do n't drag you- '' `` do n't be silly , '' flora cut her off .
that there was nothing to drag her out of the listless slump , no matter what i promised .
`` you know we 're killing ourselves with these things , '' i say , taking another drag .
`` she 's being such a drag . ''
she murmurs something in niklas 's ear and he smirks , taking the cigarette from between her figures to suck down a drag of his own , his other hand drifting from her waist to rest on the curve of her ass .
i scream at mel as they drag me from the room .
balam allowed his daughter to drag him toward the stairs .
the fiend might drag her with him .
finally , she 'd sort of given in and let me drag her off to the pantry .
i stayed put , and though he was strong enough to drag me , he did n't .
remember how i said my sis has to sometimes drag him to the dinner table ?
soon someone would come outside and drag us back into the dregs of the after-after-party .
* * * normally i drag out my after-school routine-locker , bathroom , library-as long as possible before shuffling to the car .
i drag out the box to the side of my bed , switch on a lamp , and crawl beneath the covers .
`` lindy and i will use the rope to drag roman down away from the others .
after her seventh attempt to drag him down , jeanine collapsed .
`` i should have known some callous lackey for a despicable group of schemers would drag me from my home in the middle of the night ? ''
they knew i 'd drag mr. stott out to the middle of nowhere .
`` do n't make us drag you out of there . ''
we do n't want to drag him into our trouble . ''
you 'll have to drag me . ''
fumbling with his jumping sword , cole let jace drag him out the door opposite the t. rex .
after they happened across a large family of obese , blue-gray apes , the others had to drag jason away .
two drinlings were assigned to tie it to the stern with a long rope , so it will drag behind our ship .
he had been braced to drag himself , bleeding , toward the orantium vein .
it felt like he was trying to drag himself upstream through a raging river .
`` you do n't want manglers and conscriptors to drag you off to prison , '' ferrin said .
thanks to having to drag you away , i do n't think i 'll learn anytime soon . ''
maybe drag the overseer into a forgotten corner and open him up to see what was decaying inside him .
`` how dare you drag him into this ? ''
he tilted them upward , pulling against the death trying to drag them down .
dorian fought like hell against the guards now pinning his arms , trying to drag up any ounce of power as his father brought the collar of wyrdstone toward his neck .
no , it was important to her to drag me along whenever my clothing was purchased , so she could show me the correct way to shop for and purchase it .
i blink and then rub my nose , my jaw twitching as i take a soothing drag .
not like in a hey-we're-best-friends way , but ... '' she releases my arm to drag her fingers through her hair .
pay off my debt and drag me out of this hellhole along with quinton ? ''
she shrugs , taking another drag of her cigarette .
i drag my ass down the stairs , my heart knocking in my chest , my skin coated with sweat .
i drag my fingers down my face as a loud breath slips out of my mouth .
he takes a drag on his cigarette and then starts hacking as he blows out the smoke .
it 's been so hard to come out of that dark place and i do n't think i have the energy to drag myself up from it again .
i take a drag on my cigarette and slowly exhale the smoke .
my heart is still racing and i move my hand toward my mouth to take a drag , hoping nicotine will settle it down but realize i 've lost my cigarette somewhere .
i drag my foot down the sidewalk .
i drag my hand across my face , deciding whether stay here and help luke or bail out on the situation and hitchhike back to campus .
i wish i could do that with everything ; what happened with preston , that i have no home , and that come monday i 'm going to have to drag my ass down to the police station and face my parents ' reopened case alone , like i 've done with everything in my life .
she was pretty much going to let him drag her into that house and do who knows what to her , so i intervened , even though i did n't want to get involved in her obviously messy life .
after a good , long , drag , he seems to settle down , but the next words he utters are far from settling .
i wonder curiously as i take a drag and smoke fills my lungs .
then she 'd turned back into her room , closed the door , and let caleb drag me into my bedroom , gag me and tie me up , then rape me over and over again until every part of me died inside .
as i tiredly drag my sore ass up the stairs , i try to remember how i got to this point in time , how i messed up my life so badly .
i think about getting out , start reaching for the handle , when he takes a drag of his cigarette , then flicks it on the ground and walks off toward the parking lot .
he tugs on my arm and pulls me through the snow toward his truck and i reluctantly drag my feet as i follow after him .
`` i do n't like that bryn has to do this , and i do n't want to drag caroline into it . ''
after a long moment , devon managed to drag his eyes away from the blood seeping into the wooden planks of the porch .
exactly two hours after i 'd sworn that ali would drag me kicking and screaming to the car over my own dead body , i was sitting shotgun , alive and not bloody in the least .
could n't drag her eyes away from nix 's , or the single speck of light still there .
i opened my mouth and let my teeth drag against them .
i kissed her gently , letting my tongue drag over her bottom lip .
he 'd tried to drag my son into a publicity scam and left him scarred .
if you try to do anything to anyone in my life , they will drag your ass to jail .
if you do n't i 'll drag you away from him myself .
when i first walked out and saw him standing by the door , i half expected him to drag me out of there .
she leaned back and gave me full reign to drag my tongue up to her ear .
i closed my eyes and whispered into her ear as i let my lips drag over her skin .
i dug my hands into her hair , as she licked the tip and let a strand of spit drag from her tongue .
bella made it a point to drag us down the new hallway and show us her new rooms .
i was n't sure whether he was going to beat my ass , or drag me outside and let conner do it .
`` let 's get dad home and i will figure out how to drag her here . ''
`` you ca n't drag someone else into my dare .
i tried to drag my eyes away , my heart racing .
i would start having a better time , and the night would not drag .
in my puffy , figure-erasing snowboarding clothes , i was basically in drag .
he snapped his legs up before the other boy could drag him back into the lake .
i had to stop at the band room first to drag my drum out of storage .
`` drag me into the bushes ! ''
i pulled on him and said , `` drag . ''
turning onto the main drag through town , he grumbled , `` you 've just got g*y on the brain because you work for bob and roger . ''
i laced up skates and let him half teach me , half drag me around the oval .
families had eaten one last meal out on the main drag and were packing into their cars to go home and prepare for work and school .
where the population thinned to the point that there were a lot more birds than beachgoers and hardly anybody would see the banners , we made a slow , wide , careful turn , always aware of the heavy banner that the plane was not built to drag behind it .
he pivoted the phone so he could still hear the speaker but the mouthpiece was away from his mouth , then took a drag from his cigarette .
if she was going to drag me to her rich-girl party , i was going to make her wish she had n't .
i put out one hand to drag him inside .
eyeing me , he took an especially long drag .
the picture of health took another drag from his cigarette .
johnafter took one last short drag from the cigarette , threw it down , and squashed it into the dirt with the heel of his running shoe .
john seemed to be easing up , letting them drag him backward .
to allow him to have the whole seat , the team must have figured it had taken a lot for him to drag himself to school for the trip when he could n't compete .
during swim practice he even convinced gabriel to drag a lawn chair poolside so he could sit closer to me , protecting me .
brandon took a long drag of his cigarette , shielding it with his other hand so it would n't go out .
i had a feeling heven was thinking different , but i did n't really want to drag ana into all that darkness .
and to drag heven into it ...
when he found the hem of her t-shirt and tried to drag it over her head , she gasped .
if i had been scared to sleep before ( for fear that whatever was inside me would drag me back to its lair ) , i was downright terrified now .
the meeting seemed to drag on forever with mrs. britt going on about what time to be at the airport and how important it was to be on time .
and now you drag me up to some hotel room and change into a beast in front of me and then you tell me that everything between us had been a lie , that you , you of all people , sam , were the one that destroyed my life in the first place ! ''
i should have known that she would drag her beaten , broken body away when she had the chance .
when i got out of this situation , i was going to drag this rogue of a pickpocket down to newgate and toss him into a cage myself .
from the corner of my downcast eyes , i saw miss holmes 's skirts drag over the floor as she followed the ankh 's servant .
i supposed it was only fair that i cover her expenses , since i 'd had to drag her anyway .
i was just about to jump in to drag her out when another man ran from the shadows , stripping off his coat .
pix helped mina drag a hostile , sobbing willa out into the safety of sunlight .
maybe we can drag it , '' said kevin , eyeing its bulky form .
candi was n't sure if she was imagining his suspicion or not , and she did n't trust herself to speak , so she just gave him a lame wave and let sarah drag her from the store .
you ca n't let some guy just grab you by the arm and drag you through the ship .
i 'll drag you in , '' she gasped .
there was no way she could get away , and the stone was far too heavy for her to drag and shuffle along in tiny steps .
rather than letting her tail drag on the ground , the rat carried it slung over one arm , almost like a purse .
she grinned impishly at him and turned to drag him toward the gazebo .
he was still sitting in his old clunker and i thought i saw a cigarette in his hand , then he confirmed my suspicion when i saw him raise it to his lips for a drag and the tip glowed fiery orange .
i resolved that i could n't drag this out much longer or it would drive me crazy .
it seemed to drag as i impatiently waited for dane 's party tonight .
